Connecticut teacher pensions highest in the nation
Connecticut teachers receive the highest average pensions, while Connecticut state employees rank second according to an analysis by a New Jersey based actuary.
Connecticut's teachers averaged $50,502 in pension payments putting them in the top spot, ahead of Illinois. State employees ranked second in the nation, behind California, with average pensions of $40,438.
John Bury, an actuary and head of Bury & Associates, collected data on 154 public retirement plans across the country and shared it on his website, BuryPensions.com. Twenty-six of the plans reviewed were specific only to teachers.
The figures also showed that Connecticut's teacher pension system was only 60 percent funded leaving a $10.8 billion dollar shortfall. This made Connecticut 9th worst among the twenty-six teacher-only plans.
“There is very little attention paid to this anywhere,” Bury said. His interest in public retirement data stems from his work consulting for private retirement plans where close monitoring and adequate funding are required. Bury said that public retirement plans have no such constrictions. “That just seems bizarre to me. That would never happen in the private sector.”
Bury notes that teasing the information out from actuarial data can be difficult at times because some plans may include college professors who earn higher salaries or janitorial staff who earn less. “There are so many nuances about these things,” he said. “But I think we got it pretty right.”
Connecticut teachers also have one of the highest average salaries in the nation, trailing only New York and Washington D.C., which contributes to the higher pensions. The average teacher salary was $69,766 in the 2012-2013 school year, according to the National Center for Education Statistics, while the national average was $56,383.
If teachers work to normal retirement age, they earn pensions equal to 2 percent of the average of their three highest paid years for each year they worked. Therefore, if a teacher worked for 25 years they would receive a pension equal to roughly 50 percent of their final salary.
In 2014, The Day reported that Connecticut teacher pensions averaged $47,386 and that most teachers work 35 years, thus increasing their pension payment.
Unlike state employees and most other workers, Connecticut teachers don't participate in Social Security. They don't pay the 6.2 percent tax while working and don't receive benefits when retired. Instead, teachers contribute 6 percent of their salaries toward their retirement. According to the Social Security Administration, the average yearly benefit is $14,845.80.
The Answers Elude Us: the Greatest Unexplained Mysteries
History, science, and technology have done wonders for explaining the world around us and the universe we live in. Despite all of the progress we've made, there are still numerous unexplained mysteries that we have yet to solve. These mysteries appear across history, throughout our modern day, and some of them show no signs of being solved anytime soon.
Join us as we explore a variety of mysteries across all manner of different areas both on and off this planet that we call home. While we may not have answers, sometimes the mystery alone is enough to make us wonder.
11 Mysteries That Have yet to Be Solved
These mysteries run the gamut from being oddities, to unsolved murders and mysteries of our universe. Some of these quandaries are actively being pursued as people desperately search for answers, while others have become the source of conspiracy theories and continued uncertainty.
The Taos Hum
Joe Mullins, a professor of engineering at the University of New Mexico, conducted a survey which revealed that roughly 2 percent of the town's population is capable of hearing the mysterious sound. Other tests using various instruments were unable to pinpoint the sound or its source.
Mysterious sounds are nothing new in our modern society. There have been other instances of sounds like this around the world, many of which have been explained. Taos still remains one of the places where a true explanation has yet to be found. Theories ranging from people with “super-hearing” to “auditory hallucinations” have been posed since there are various explanations of the sound itself.
Vonynich Manuscript
This is an ancient manuscript that has been carbon-dated to the early 15th century. It is theorized that it may have been written in Northern Italy during the Italian Renaissance. The name comes from a Polish book dealer named Wilfrid Vonynich who purchased the manuscript in 1912.
The pages are vellum, and while some are missing, over 240 still remain. The writing moves from left to right and images are also found throughout. American and British codebreakers throughout World War I and World War II attempted to decipher it, but no one has been able to decrypt its unknown language.
The “letter-based cipher” theory states that this manuscript was written in some European language, but the language was put through a cipher before being recorded on the pages of the manuscript. Judging by the pictures and diagrams, it is believed that the book was meant to be a chronicle of early medicine topics, but these theories are based on the pictures alone.
Jack the Ripper
As one of the most famous serial killers in history, Jack the Ripper is the name given to a killer or killers who murdered women in the Whitechapel district of London 1888. The name first appeared in a letter that was spread across the local media, however this letter is believed to be a hoax meant to spread interest in the story.
A rash of killings involving female prostitutes from 1888 to 1891 led to the rise of this killer's legend. There are countless suspects who have been considered as the killer. Recently, in 2014, one man claimed to have genetic evidence that proved the identity of the killer. A major flaw in the evidence ended this theory before it could get off the ground.
This unsolved mystery has been the subject of countless fictional stories and theories over the years, but the true identity of the killer has yet to be found. In addition, there are arguments that the killings were never connected to begin with.
Kryptos
Ironically, the last of the four messages encoded on the statue has yet to be decoded. The final message is one of the most famous unsolved codes in the world and while the sculptor himself has offered clues, the final passage has yet to be revealed.
Tamam Shud
Also known as the Mystery of the Somerton Man, this is an unsolved case where an unidentified man was found dead at 6:30 A.M on December 1st, 1948 on Somerton beach in Glenelg. The name refers to a phrase in persian tamam shud which means “ended” or “finished.” This phrase was found printed on a scrap of paper inside the dead man's pocket.
It was eventually found that the paper came from the final page of a book called The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam. The book where it came from was turned into the police and it contained a handwritten code that was thoughts to be a telephone number or possibly an encrypted message. This mystery is considered was of Australia's most profound unexplained events.
An autopsy revealed only the time of death, but the man's identity and the cause of his demise could not be found. Poisoning has been the most widely accepted theory, but it has not been proven. Despite international assistance and cooperation, the man's identity and the cause of his death has yet to be found to this day.
The Georgia Guidestones
The ten guidelines engraved on the stones are as follows:
Maintain humanity under 500,000,000 in perpetual balance with nature. Guide reproduction wisely — improving fitness and diversity. Unite humanity with a living new language. Rule passion — faith — tradition — and all things with tempered reason. Protect people and nations with fair laws and just courts. Let all nations rule internally resolving external disputes in a world court. Avoid petty laws and useless officials. Balance personal rights with social duties. Prize truth — beauty — love — seeking harmony with the infinite. Be not a cancer on the earth — Leave room for nature — Leave room for nature.
In 2008, the stones were vandalized with graffiti, messages read “death to the new world order” and other similar statements. The 10 guidelines have been interpreted as a list of “Ten New Commandments” but the true purpose and intent of the stones still remains a mystery.
The strongest theory is that claims the stones were built as a means of instructions for people who survived an apocalyptic scenario. The stones were built in 1979 at the height of the Cold War, which Brad Meltzer noted would have been a time when people thought that a nuclear war would break out. Therefore, the stone could have been instructions for survivors.
Even so, we still don't know who built the stones or why they put them there.
The WOW! Signal
While Jerry R. Ehman was working on the SETI project at the Big Ear radio telescope at the Ohio State University, he discovered a narrowband radio signal on August 15th, 1977. This signal lasted for 72-seconds and originated outside of our solar system, somewhere in the Sagittarius constellation.
The signal amazed Ehman because it has the signature of an interstellar signal in the antenna used. This suggested that it was intentionally sent to him, so he circled the signal on a computer printout and wrote “WOW!” in the margin of the paper. The signal has been searched for constantly since then, but it was never discovered again.
The Lost Colony of Roanoke
When Great Britain was colonizing the Americas, it was common for people to go missing on occasion. What wasn't common was the disappearance of an entire colony on Roanoke Island, North Carolina. The colony was established in 1587 and was composed of 115 settlers. The governor, John White, left for England to get more supplies shortly after the colony started.
He was unable to return for 3 years because of political turmoil in Europe, and when he did return, the entire colony was empty. Only the word “Croatoan” was found, carved into a tree. There were no bodies, nothing to even suggest people had ever lived there. There are numerous theories suggesting what could have happened to the people of the colony, but the disappearance remains an unsolved mystery.
The Oak Island Money Pit
An island off the coast of Nova Scotia, Canada called Oak Island is home to an incredibly famous hole called the “Money Pit.” It was first discovered in 1795 and has since been a place where treasure seekers have come from around the world. As more and more of the pit was exposed over the years, it was discovered that there are wooden platforms built every so many feet.
At one point a stone tablet was found in the pit that contained an inscription. This inscription has yet to be translated. It's believed that there is great treasure at the bottom, but the pit is booby trapped to flood every time explorers reach a certain depth. Over six people have died trying to explore this strange location and the truth of what lies at the bottom is still a mystery.
Theories range from Knights Templar treasure, to the Freemasons, to the infamous pirate Blackbeard as origin stories for the pit and what it holds.
D.B. Cooper
This name refers to an unidentified man who hijacked a Boeing 727 airplane flying over Oregon and Seattle in 1971. He collected $200,000 in ransoms (the equivalent of $1,160,000 in 2015) and then parachuted from the plane.
Here's the kicker:
He was never found. He managed to get away with the money despite an FBI manhunt and ongoing investigations. It is the only unsolved case of air piracy in American aviation history. Some people think that he never survived the fall, but others think he got away and somehow managed to continue living a normal life without anyone knowing what he had done.
Dark Matter and Dark Energy
One of the most shocking scientific discoveries of the 20th century was that matter as we know it only accounts for 5 percent of the universe. The rest of the universe is divided into dark matter (25%) and dark energy (70%). Dark matter is something that we know almost nothing about because it does not react to light, it doesn't interact with our type of matter, so we don't know it exists for certain. Scientists believe exists between galaxies and galaxy clusters, but we've never seen it. The reason we believe it exists is because of the apparent effect it has on these celestial structures.
Dark energy is even more of a mystery, but recent research has revealed that it could play a key role in the ultimate fate of our universe. This energy repels gravity fuels the expansion of our universe. These mysteries could hold the secrets to the universe, but they are huge question marks in our overall understanding of how everything works.
Final Thoughts
We have come incredibly far in our understanding of the world and the universe we live in, but it's unexplained mysteries like these that remind us how much we still don't understand. Be sure to share this article with your friends and share your thoughts with us in the comments below!
A world without fish? Though it might seem like a left-field concept to some, it's important that we don't forget that dinosaurs, dodos and other creatures that once roamed freely about our lands have long since died out. Top scientists now warn that our seas face a similar catastrophe thanks to a rise in ocean acidification. A Sea Change is a new, hard-hitting documentary that draws public attention to this urgent but little-known crisis threatening over 1,000,000 species with extinction-and with them, our entire way of life.
The documentary follows retired educator (and concerned grandfather) Sven Huseby on a journey back to stunning ancestral sites in Norway, Alaska and the Pacific Northwest. There he finds cutting-edge ocean research underway. His journey of self-discovery brings adventure, surprise and revelation to the science of ocean acidification.
World Premiere at the DC Environmental Film Festival
The world premiere at the D.C. Environmental Film Festival brought in record-breaking audiences. D.C.'s Baird Auditorium where it was held, filled all 565 seats, with another 40 people who stood and 150 who couldn't get in at all. (See NBC4 Anchor Wendy Rieger's blog about how happy she was to not get a seat.) Director Barbara Ettinger and co-producer/protagonist Sven Huseby were received with a standing ovation following the screening. And two-thirds of the audience stayed for the Q&A, moderated by Brad Warren, Sustainable Fisheries Partnership.
The Washington Post said that the movie calls for some tough love on the part of even the most sympathetic viewer:
“A Sea Change,” which was co-produced by Huseby and directed by Barbara Ettinger, looks terrific, with lots of breathtaking footage of the natural world, from the tiniest pteropod (the fluttery, planktonic sea snail that is most threatened by acidification) to the most majestic Norwegian scenery. And, at a time when plenty of documentaries want to be the “ Inconvenient Truth ” of fill-in-the-issue, “A Sea Change” brings a genuinely important subject to the fore with a welcome lack of jargon and preaching.”
Here's the movie trailer and a rundown of upcoming public screenings:
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_urb-mr_-8
APRIL
Earth Day Eve at National Constitution Hall in Philadelphia
at in Philadelphia West Coast premiere of A Sea Change at the San Francisco International Film Festival , three screenings; April 25, April 27, and April 30. (For details please visit the festival website , beginning March 31.)
JUNE
Image credit: A Sea Change
A motorcycle crash causing life-threatening injuries, a teen who crashed his car because he had been stabbed and yet another motorcycle crash all bizarrely intersected during a three hour period on the RHVP Thursday night.
The first incident happened around 10 p.m., when a 23-year-old man was driving a motorcycle northbound on the Red Hill Valley Parkway near Mud Street.
As the driver approached the Greenhill Avenue exit, the motorcycle collided with a car being driven by a 21-year-old man. The impact caused the motorcyclist to lose control, police say, before his bike struck a guardrail and he was thrown into the road.
Police and ambulance crews responded and the man was rushed to hospital with life threatening injuries. Police say that alcohol and speed have not yet been ruled out as factors in the crash.
Then around 11 p.m., another crash happened while police had closed off lanes at the scene of the first crash. A driver was trying to merge into an open lane when another motorcycle rider slammed into the back of his vehicle, police say.
The rider was thrown from the bike into the road. Luckily, police and paramedics were already there, and treated the man at the scene for minor injuries. Charges are pending, police say.
Then just after 1 a.m. at the same location, while police were still collecting evidence from the first accident, a car crossed over the centre lane and crashed into a police cruiser that was parked with its lights flashing.
When officers opened the car door, they found a 17-year-old man suffering with stab wounds. Const. Steve Welton told CBC News that the victim may have lost consciousness before slamming into the cruiser.
The teen was taken to hospital with serious, but non-life threatening injuries. According to police, the teen had been stabbed a little earlier during a fight between two groups in a parking lot near 674 Queenston Road.
The investigation into that incident is still ongoing, police say.
"The unpredictable nature of policing remains a constant in the profession," Welton said.
adam.carter@cbc.ca | @AdamCarterCBC
Arsene Wenger says it's absolutely essential that Arsenal's medical team get access to an MRI scan of Alexis Sanchez's injured hamstring and warned the Chilean national team that they risk a suicidal decision playing the striker if he's not fit.
The striker has not travelled to Colombia for his country's crunch World Cup qualifier but could feature against Uruguay on Tuesday if he recovers sufficiently from the problem.
The reigning Copa America champions are currently seventh in the South American qualification group for the 2018 World Cup after an abject run of results.
Speaking to beIN Sports about his star man, Wenger confirmed the muscular injury and outlined his concerns: “I got a text last night (to say) that he has a hamstring injury.
“The team from Chile has travelled without him and they kept him to try and get him fit to play Uruguay for the second game on Tuesday night.
“I believe that with a hamstring injury. We have to get access for our medical staff to the MRI scan to see what grade it is, how bad it is and make absolutely sure they don't make any suicidal decision that could harm his future for two or three months.
“That is absolutely important. It's a grey area between the national team and the club team and of course they look at their own results which I can understand but we have to preserve the health of Alexis Sanchez.
“He always wants to play and that's where it is a more sensitive case because he's always ready to play even when injured.”
Any serious injury at this time of the season could see Alexis miss a huge number of games. Let's hope a sensible resolution is reached.
Diana Rojas said goodbye to her little girl and left for a meeting, and was never seen again. Now police say a phone call from a mystery person may finally help solve the case.
A beautiful young mother mysteriously vanishes in the middle of the night in October 2000.
"She had no enemies," said Solomon Cortez, Diana's brother.
Her worried family wonders where on earth Diana could be.
"Not one person has heard anything from Diana," said Long Beach Police Detective Mark Bigel. "That just is not right."
And then an anonymous phone call pierces the family's heart.
"The tip came in of the fact that Diana Rojas's remains were buried somewhere in the desert," said Det. Bigel.
Now police in Long Beach, California are no longer looking for Diana Rojas -- they're searching for her body.
"This is gone from a missing-persons report to an active homicide investigation," said Bigel.
Diana Rojas, 27, had a big heart and an even bigger family, with 11 doting sisters and brothers.
"She was always one to want to help and care," said Diana's brother Solomon.
But Diana's mother, Bertha Cortez, says the light of Diana's young life was her 2-year-old daughter Mercedes.
"Her daughter was her world. She didn't love her daughter -- she adored her," Bertha told Crime Watch Daily in Spanish.
According to Detective Mark Bigel, just about the only person Diana ever had any trouble with was her estranged husband Americo Rojas.
"Americo and Diana were going through a very, very volatile divorce," said Bigel.
Americo was a combat engineer with the 58th Cavalry stationed at Fort Irwin, California, located in the desert about 160 miles outside of Long Beach. His job was operating big-diggers and bulldozers.
"There was also a custody issue in regards to Mercedes," said Bigel. "The courts at that time had given Americo Rojas custody every other weekend when he was away on leave."
Diana's mom says her daughter was terrified every time Americo took little Mercedes.
"When she gave her to him she would always get nervous. She got tense, sad," said Bertha Cortez.
So Diana decided to fight for full custody. She even took a job at a local church to help pay for mounting legal bills.
"Diana Rojas was in no means a wealthy person," said Bigel. "She worked to afford to hire a private attorney to go to court once a month, twice a month, to show the judge that she wanted full custody."
The church where Diana worked also doubled as a women's shelter. She often helped battered mothers there. That's something her co-workers claim Diana sadly knew all too much about.
"Many of the staff from time to time that worked here would actually hear him on the phone when he called her from time to time, screaming and yelling and threatening to hurt her," said Judy Howard, who worked with Diana Rojas. "She had once told us that he had broken her arm and that she had a restraining order against him."
Crime Watch Daily has an uncovered that restraining order that's never been revealed to the public before. In it Diana makes allegations, claiming Americo assaulted her, stalked her, and at one point, stating: "He grabbed my arm and forced me to himself against my will. He said 'Hug me and kiss me.' I told him 'Leave me alone, I don't want anything to do with you.'"
She also claimed he had a history of violence and drunkenness.
"He owns three firearms. Because he is a violent and angry man, I am fearful for my life and the life of my two-year-old daughter."
Americo Rojas has never been charged with any crime related to the alleged abuse in the restraining order.
But Diana's love life seemed to be getting better. She'd fallen head over heels for a man she met at the church where she worked: David Howard, who happened to be the pastor's son.
"My son David was deeply in love with Diana," said Pastor Al Howard. "I sincerely believe they would have been married had this not happened."
What happened on that Friday night now haunts the pastor's son. Diana was ordered to turn over little Mercedes to her dad for his court-appointed weekend visitation. As part of their living arrangement, Americo paid for two condos inside a complex -- one condo for Diana and Mercedes. The other he shared with his sister when he was on leave from the Army.
At around 7 p.m., Diana walked across the courtyard and handed Mercedes over to Americo. Bertha Cortez says her daughter Diana was more upset that night than usual.
"I told her, 'Daughter, everything is going to be OK,'" said Bertha. "I didn't think that that would be the last time I saw my daughter."
According to police, Diana then had a date with David. The pastor's son tells police that he left Diana's condo around midnight after she fell asleep on the sofa. He says he vividly remembers locking the door behind him. It's the last time Diana Rojas was seen.
"I remember being at home asleep in my bedroom, and I heard a commotion, and it's David, and he's saying that Diana is nowhere to be seen and she didn't show up to work," said Solomon Cortez, Diana's brother.
Police search Diana's apartment. They find a small amount of Diana's blood on the sofa, and something very bizarre: a bandana soaked in what cops believe to be urine.
Adding to the mystery, there was no forced entry. And Diana's black pickup truck is also missing.
The investigators on scene that day conclude the young mom simply took off. Mark Bigel, the detective working the case now, is puzzled by that.
"I just don't buy it," said Bigel. Detective Bigel doesn't believe Diana left that night of her own free will.
"All of the people that we've contacted, everybody says that she would not have just walked away from Mercedes and left her behind," said Bigel.
And something else didn't add up.
"It's what happened to the car. The car leaves a paper trail and it has not been seen, not a scent of it at all," said Bigel. "That strikes me as odd."
So Long Beach Police detectives question everyone.
"The boyfriend, David Howard, was spoken to, along with Diana Rojas's ex-husband Americo Rojas, along with various other co-workers, and each of them accounted for their whereabouts at the time she went missing," said Bigel.
Every single person has an alibi. And with that, Diana's case sadly goes ice-cold.
Then not days, not weeks, but years later, an anonymous tip from a male caller turns this cold case desert hot.
"They said it's homicide, and they said her body may be buried in the desert somewhere," said Solomon Cortez.
Diana Rojas was going through a divorce at the time of her disappearance. However, police say her husband is not a suspect.
Rojas was last seen on Oct. 20, 2000. In 2016, investigators received an anonymous call saying they know where Diana is. An unidentified man calls Long Beach Police claiming Diana's not missing -- she's been murdered.
"We had an anonymous tip that came in in regards to where the remains of Diana Rojas was buried," said Long Beach Police Detective Mark Bigel.
Detective Bigel says the caller gives specific details about where to find Diana's body. He tells cops she's buried on the outskirts of Ridgecrest, a tiny town outside of Los Angeles near the Mojave Desert.
"There is no way to figure out who it is that made the call then, so to do our due diligence, since this is an anonymous tip and it was leading down that road of 'It looks good,' we needed to check it out," said Bigel.
Long Beach Police officially reopen Diana's cold-case file with a tall task, trying to figure out who would want the young mother dead, and why.
"At that time there was no key suspect, of course they were looking at one person, in particular David Howard, because he was the last one to see her alive," said Bigel.
Brother Solomon also believes it had to be someone close who took his big sister.
"Whoever did this to her, in my opinion, had to be someone she knew," said Solomon. "Someone she knew, someone who knew about her."
Bigel begins searching for a connection between Diana and the town of Ridgecrest. Then it hits him: Ridgecrest is directly across the desert from Fort Irwin.
"Her husband, Americo Rojas, was at that time a member of the United States Army, who was also living at Fort Irwin," said Bigel.
Americo, an Army engineer, just happened to operate earth-movers and diggers. And remember, the tipster told cops Diana's body was buried in the desert. And her black pickup truck was missing. This was a couple going through a nasty divorce and a bitter custody battle with Diana over their young daughter Mercedes. But Americo had an alibi for the night Diana disappeared. He told police he was at his sister's with his daughter. He has never been named a suspect in Diana's disappearance.
But something still doesn't sit quite right with Detective Bigel. So he began to dig deeper. There are three things that have really raised his suspicions.
Cops claim Americo had been trying to take out a $300,000 life insurance policy on Diana after she had gone missing. Then police say they can no longer confirm Americo's alibi that he was inside his apartment with his daughter.
But the most alarming red flag: Detectives say an Army buddy told his superiors at Fort Irwin that Americo often bragged that cops would never find Diana.
And Bigel says with that information, and the fact Americo operated earth-movers, he now believes Diana's missing pickup truck could be buried with her in the Mojave Desert.
"The vehicle has never been turned up," said Bigel.
But finding Diana's body and any buried clues in the middle of the desert, even if she was inside her pickup, would be like searching for a needle in a haystack.
"We went out to Ridgecrest and we noticed the area that was given us from this anonymous caller was a very large swath of desert," said Bigel. "She could have been buried anywhere in this swath."
But there was one last shot: a Colorado-based forensic-investigation company called NecroSearch.
"They do volunteer work for police departments in order to find clandestine graves," said Bigel.
NecroSearch uses satellite imaging and cadaver dogs to sniff out bodies no one else seems to be able to find.
"We sent them these satellite images, and they sent me back a picture with 11 anomalies," said Det. Bigel.
Anomalies are geographic changes that can only be detected by satellite imaging. So theoretically if someone buries a body or a truck, a satellite map would look noticeably different from one day to the next.
"I then went out to this one area, and they kind of gave me a checklist of what to look for in this area. I was able to kind of narrow down the 11 anomalies to five anomalies," said Bigel. "So I brought out cadaver dogs, we ran them through their processes, and three of the cadaver dogs showed interest on the one anomaly that NecroSearch basically said would be the best one out of all of them."
But what was unearthed turned out to be more heartbreak for the already devastated family.
"There was nothing," said Bigel.
Americo Rojas still owns a home in Long Beach. He's cut off all ties with Diana's family. They haven't seen daughter Mercedes since Diana went missing 16 years ago.
"She was raised by her father and today she's 18 years old," said Solomon Cortez, Diana's brother.
Crime Watch Daily reached out to Americo, but he has not responded. Police tell us he has always said that he had nothing to do with Diana's disappearance. He has never been charged.
Detective Mark Bigel still believes Diana is buried somewhere out there in the Mojave Desert.
Diana's family spends every day hoping this will be the day police find her and bring her home.
"You never forget, you find a way to just keep going forward, but you always are looking to get closure," said Solomon.
Anyone with information about Diana Rojas or her vehicle is urged to contact Long Beach Police homicide detectives at (562) 570-7244.
President Sargsyan apologizes to journalists over July 29 violence
President Serzh Sargsyan apologized to journalists in the aftermath of a standoff following the seizure of a police station.
“I thank the journalists for their selfless work and contribution to the bloodless resolution. I also apologize to our journalists for the events of the night of July 29-30. That has been the main shortcoming in the course of these days,” the President said in a statement today (August 1) speaking in the aftermath of a standoff following the Yerevan police station siege by Sasna Tsrer armed group, Panorama.am reports.
Speaking to a gathering of a group of artists, medical workers, media representatives, political and community leaders, members of the Public Council, as well as representatives of the government, Catholicos of All Armenians Karekin II and the clergymen, the President assured that proper lessons will be learnt as a result of the crisis.
“I am asking only the journalists, (not the law enforcement officers) to leave the memory of police brutality in the past, since I am indeed sure that it won't happen again. I also wish that these incidents should never affect your free enterprise in the future,” Sargsyan said.
Also read: Sasna Tsrer lay down arms: Further bloodshed must be avoided
We've got an incredibly rare opportunity today to show a never-before-published Blue Devil piece, and witness behind-the-scenes in the development of a comic book. Gary Cohn, co-creator and co-writer of DC's Blue Devil, recently unearthed his original sketched thumbnails for Blue Devil #1 (June 1984). These were thumbnails he drew himself as they plotted the first issue. Gary was kind enough to send scans of these thumbnails for ONCE UPON A GEEK readers to enjoy! Thanks Gary!
If you are familiar with Blue Devil #1, then you'll be able to tell these twelve thumbnails encapsulate nearly the entire story from that issue. Click the images below to enlarge.
To demonstrate how thumbnails can be used, I've selected a couple sketched pages to compare to the final product. Below are the third and fourth pages from the first sheet above. I've also transcribed some of Gary's handwriting in the thumbnails.
Below is the same page, but in its final form as drawn by Paris Cullins. You can see the concepts stay the same, even if the panels and dialogue change.
Here is the thumbnail for the next page. I LOVE the direction given to the artist to draw a “Ditko Weird World”. This of course is referencing the great artist Steve Ditko, famous for his work on Spider-Man and Doctor Strange.
Below you can see how the final page played out. Again, the concepts stay the same, even if the panels and dialogue change.
Now you see how rough thumbnails can translate into your favorite comics. Additionally, we got to examine a never-before-seen crucial step in the creation of Blue Devil. My sincerest thanks to Gary Cohn for supplying us with scans of these wonderful breakdowns!
For more information from Gary Cohn about Blue Devil, be sure to check out the audio interview he and Dan Mishkin gave to ONCE UPON A GEEK a while back. Click here to hear that interview.
One of Canada's top energy analysts has warned investors and geologists that "the shale revolution" will not meet conventional expectations as a so-called game-changer in energy production.
Canada's Largest Private Sector Union Calls For Fracking Moratorium read more
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
Speaking at the Denver meeting of the Geological Society of America and later at Queen's University and an energy conference in Toronto, David Hughes challenged the assumptions of industry cheerleaders by spelling out startling depletion rates for high-cost unconventional shale and tight oil wells.
"The shale revolution has been a game-changer in that it has temporarily reversed a terminal decline in supplies from conventional sources," said Hughes in both talks given in late October and early November. "Long-term sustainability is questionable and environmental impacts are a major concern."
The geoscientist, who now lives on Cortes Island, has studied energy resources in Canada for four decades, including 32 years with the Geological Survey of Canada as a coal and natural gas specialist.
After reviewing data from unconventional oil wells, Hughes found that these difficult and high-cost operations deplete so rapidly that between 47 to 61 per cent of oil from plays like the Bakken, the first major tight oil play developed, is recovered within the first four years.
Hughes noted that the Bakken and Texas' Eagle Ford plays, which currently produce two-thirds of U.S. tight oil and are supposed to take the country into energy independence territory, will actually peak in production by 2016 or 2017.
Incredibly, most tight oil wells, such as in North Dakota's booming oilfields, will become "stripper wells" (producing less than 10 barrels a day) and be ready for abandonment within 11 to 24 years.
Shale no panacea
Shale gas wells follow a similar decline profile. In Louisiana's Haynesville play and Pennsylvania's contentious Marcellus fields, producing wells decline by as much as 66 per cent after the first year.
More than 3,500 wells have been drilled in the Haynesville play, which in 2012 was the top-producing shale gas play in the U.S., yet production is falling owing to the 47 per cent yearly field decline rate. The current price of gas is not high enough to justify the 600-plus wells needed annually to offset the steep field decline (each well costs between $8 to $10 million).
"The shale revolution has provided a temporary respite from declining oil and gas production, but should not be viewed as a panacea for increasing energy consumption... rather it should be used as an opportunity to create the infrastructure needed for a lower energy throughput to maximize long-term energy security," warned Hughes.
Hughes also told investors that they can no longer ignore the real and high-cost environmental issues associated with hydraulic fracturing, including high water consumption; groundwater contamination; methane leakage; land fragmentation; air pollution and property devaluation.
"There has been a great deal of pushback by many in the general public, and in state and national governments, to environmental issues surrounding hydraulic fracturing," he said.
Quebec, Labrador and Newfoundland have declared moratoriums on the technology of high-volume horizontal hydraulic fracturing. In addition, Canada's largest private sector union representing a high percentage of energy works has called for a national moratorium.
Although the number of gas-producing wells in Western Canada has reached an all-time high of 230,000 wells, actual gas production has been in decline since 2006.
Hughes also noted that the quality of shale oil and gas plays varies greatly. A few are prolific because they have sweet spots, he said. These special zones are targeted first and lead to an early rise in production followed by a decline, often within five years or less.
As a result, 88 per cent of shale gas production comes from just six of 30 plays, while 70 per cent of all tight oil production comes from two of 21 plays: North Dakota's Bakken and Texas' Eagle Ford.
Bad omens for BC
Rapid depletion rates, high capital costs and low market prices do not bode well for British Columbia's much-hyped plans to export shale gas to Asian markets via a liquefied natural gas (LNG) system that currently does not exist.
"In terms of B.C., the well depletion will be similar. All of the fields outside of the Horn River and Montney plays are in decline," Hughes told The Tyee in an interview.
"The province would have to nearly quadruple gas production just to satisfy the demands of five LNG terminals." As many as 12 terminals have been proposed for B.C. "It's a huge scaling problem."
The government of Premier Christy Clark has championed LNG development as the province's new economic miracle by subsidizing geoscience, roads and water for shale gas companies.
It has also lowered royalties. Income from shale gas peaked in the province in 2006 at more than $2 billion and has since fallen to less than $400 million, excluding government subsidies.
The Business Council of British Columbia whose executive council includes representatives from Encana and Kinder Morgan, supports accelerated LNG development on the grounds that global markets will likely not need the gas in the future: "Overall, there is sufficient evidence in the marketplace to suggest that, if the current LNG contract window closes before B.C. is able to secure final investment decisions, there would be potentially lengthy delays before B.C. and Western Canadian natural gas would have another LNG export opportunity."
Hughes told investors that the shale gas revolution follows a predictable life cycle.
A land-leasing frenzy follows discovery. Then comes a drilling boom, necessitated by lease requirements, which locates, targets and depletes the sweet spots. Gas production grows rapidly and is maintained "despite potentially uneconomic full cycle costs." (Production provides cash flow even though the well may not have been economic in its own right).
After five years, fields such as the Haynesville reach middle age. At that point geology takes over from technology, and it takes progressively more wells to offset field declines as drilling moves out of sweet spots to lower quality areas.
'It's all in the red'
Due to depressed natural gas prices, the shale gas industry has written down billions of dollars worth of assets and refocused drilling on more lucrative liquid rich formations. Other companies have lobbied strongly for government subsidies for LNG exports.
Rex Tillerson, CEO of Exxon Mobil, a multi-billion dollar shale gas investor, exclaimed last year that the industry was making no money: "It's all in the red," he said.
Royal Dutch Shell has written down $2 billion in shale assets and even put its Texas Eagle Ford properties up for sale. Meanwhile, one of its senior executives has complained that the industry has "over fracked and over drilled."
Encana, one of the largest holders of shale gas real estate in B.C., has sold off many assets and laid off 20 per cent of its workforce due to poor investments in uneconomic shale gas plays.
The company pioneered the transformation of landscapes across the West, with industrial clusters of wells combining horizontal drilling with multistage hydraulic fracturing. The 10-year-old mining technique blasts large volumes of water, sand and toxic chemicals into dense rock formations up to two miles underground.
Hughes, head of Global Sustainability Research Inc., will be one of the experts addressing the Transatlantic Energy Forum in Washington, D.C. on Monday. The forum brings together energy and climate change experts from both sides of the Atlantic Ocean.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's cabinet is expected on Tuesday to end a ban that has kept the military from fighting abroad since World War Two, a major shift away from post-war pacifism and a political victory for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe who has pursued the change despite some public opposition.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe gestures during a news conference at his official residence in Tokyo June 24, 2014. REUTERS/Yuya Shino
The move, seen by some as the biggest shift in defense policy since Japan set up its post-war armed forces in 1954, would end a ban on exercising “collective self-defense”, or aiding a friendly country under attack.
It would also relax limits on activities in U.N.-led peace-keeping operations and “grey zone” incidents that fall short of full-scale war, according to a draft cabinet resolution.
Long constrained by the pacifist post-war constitution, Japan's military would be more closely aligned with other advanced nations' armed forces in terms of its options to act, though the government would likely remain wary of putting boots on the ground in multilateral operations such as the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq.
“It's a dimensional change,” said former Japanese diplomat Kunihiko Miyake. “We have lived in the world of the second dimension, now we are entering a third dimension – which is the global standard.”
Abe has pushed for the change since taking office 18 months ago despite wariness among many Japanese voters worried about entanglement in foreign wars and angry at what some see as a gutting of the constitution's war-renouncing Article 9.
A group of several thousand protesters, including students and pensioners, marched in front of the prime minister's office on Monday carrying banners and shouting, “I don't want to see our children and soldiers die” and “protect the constitution”.
A day earlier, a man set himself on fire near a busy Tokyo intersection - a rare form of protest in Japan - after speaking out against Abe's re-interpretation of Article 9.
The change will also likely rile an increasingly assertive China, whose ties with Japan have frayed due to a maritime row, mistrust and the legacy of Japan's past military aggression.
It will, however, be welcomed by Washington which has long urged Tokyo to become a more equal partner in their alliance.
Officials in Abe's ruling coalition parties agreed on Tuesday morning to the proposed lifting of the ban on collective self-defense, a lawmaker told reporters, paving the way for cabinet later in the day to adopt a resolution revising a long-standing interpretation of the U.S.-drafted constitution.
Legal revisions to implement the change must be approved by parliament and restrictions could be imposed in the process.
Since its defeat in 1945, Japan's military has not engaged in combat. While successive governments have stretched the limits of the pacifist charter to develop a military now on par with that of France and to permit non-combat missions abroad, its armed forces remain far more constrained legally than those of other nations.
“NORMAL NATION”
Conservatives say the constitution's Article 9 has excessively restricted Japan's ability to defend itself and that a changing regional power balance, including a rising China, means Japan's security policies must be more flexible.
The policy shift is seen by many experts as the latest step by Japan toward becoming a “normal nation” with its military less circumscribed by its pacifist constitution.
“Conservative Japanese governments have pushed the envelope hard and often to get the public to agree to a more elastic interpretation of Article 9. Abe is taking a bigger leap and getting away with it thanks to China,” said Columbia University professor Gerry Curtis. “Article 9 is not dead. There is still a lot of (public) resistance to being more ‘normal'.”
China, however, will likely argue Japan is raising regional tensions and support its case by pointing to Abe's efforts to cast Tokyo's wartime past with a less apologetic tone. Some experts agree Abe's revisionist image makes him vulnerable to suspicions that he has a deeper nationalist agenda.
“It makes it easier for competitors to paint Japan as a wolf in sheep's clothing,” said Richard Samuels, director of the Center for International Studies at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. “Just because Japan is strong does not mean that it will be aggressive,” he added.
According to a draft cabinet resolution made public last week, Japan could exercise force to the minimum degree necessary in cases where a country with which it has close ties is attacked and the following conditions are met: there is a threat to the existence of the Japanese state, there is a clear danger that the people's right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness could be subverted, and there is no appropriate alternative.
Precisely how the change might work in practice remains unclear. Junior coalition partner New Komeito is stressing that the scope of revision is limited, and Japanese voters are still wary of entanglements in conflicts far from home.
“I only see this happening in areas near Japan. I don't see Japan deploying far-away forces in the context where they end up in the front-lines,” said Brad Glosserman, executive director of the Honolulu-based Pacific Forum CSIS.
The Stray Cats are dead: Long live the real stray cats, the world's only live cat band, The Rock Cats.
If I know the Internet, when I hit "update" after posting this juicy bit of news, it will all be over. One loud white whine and then nothing. ...
We just found out that the Amazing Acro-Cats -- a cat circus troupe of some renown, is coming to the Libby Gottwald Playhouse in Richmond this summer, from June 11 through 14.
Also, hold on: They're bringing a cat band, the Rock Cats.
I know some will probably see this as inhumane treatment of our feline friends, others will probably find it better than the Beatles. But for now, take a gander and just try not to yell "more cowbell!"
Based in Chicago, the Amazing Acro-Cats was founded by Samantha Martin and tours the U.S. nine months of the year with domestic cats (mostly orphans and strays) and a few small animals. Before you get mad: Martin uses the show to promote cat welfare and a portion of the money earned is given to rescue organizations.
But back to the Rock Cats: A Seattle review said "these cats are capable of anarchic musical compositions" and compared them to free jazz. Other reviews have been decidedly more critical.
One more time: The Rock Cats are coming.
OAKLAND — If you're not already a fan of classical music, 15-year-old cellist Nick Reeves, a sophomore at Oakland Tech, might change that.
At the moment, though, he's busy catching up on schoolwork now that he's back from Washington, D.C., where he and some even younger colleagues rocked the White House recently as they concluded the National Arts and Humanities Youth Program Awards ceremony.
As the Perfect Fourth quartet with three other boys, Nick got a standing ovation and a hug from the first lady after playing an almost-9-minute excerpt of composer Felix Mendelssohn's String Quartet no. 6.
“Wow!” Michelle Obama exclaimed as she stepped to the stage after the audience had finally calmed down. “That was amazing. Amazing!
“You guys were phenomenal. And you're very cute, too!”
Here's something AMAZING. It's one of our students performing at The White House. His name is Nicolas Reeves, and… https://t.co/l0LqtfKLCq — Oakland Schools (@OUSDNews) November 22, 2016
The quartet was in the White House to represent the Detroit-based Sphinx Organization, one of 12 groups honored at the Nov. 15 event. Nick and the other boys met at a summer music performance program Sphinx organized.
“This is why we do what we do,” Obama said in recognizing the work of the organizations that had come in for that day's honors, which included a $10,000 grant.
“Because if anybody were to walk past these kids on the street, they would make assumptions about what they could do and who they could be. We do it all the time,” she said.
“There are millions of kids in this country who don't have the resources to become everything that they can be. And shame on us if we don't do this better,” Obama said.
Nick's cohorts in the Perfect Fourth hailed from across the country: violinist Aidan Sinclair Daniels, 13, of Chicago; viola player Peirce Ellis, 13, from Philadelphia; and violinist Maxwell Fairman, 12, of Cincinnati.
One of the driving forces in Nick's applying to Sphinx's two-week summer academy was the family's efforts to support his love of classical music, said his father, pharmacist Geoffrey Reeves.
“He felt alone, being one of the only kids of color,” he said.
Nick showed an affinity for music from an early age, his parents said, initially at the Black Pine Circle Day School in Berkeley, a private school he attended for first and second grades, where he first encountered violins and cellos.
“I liked the cello better,” he said.
He was already growing up surrounded by music. “We listen to a lot,” said his mother, Brenda Reeves. And Geoffrey Reeves is a hobbyist musician whose older son plays drums.
The family has frequented chamber music concerts by Oakland, San Francisco and UC-Berkeley orchestras and the California symphony, and attended many concerts at San Francisco Conservatory. Also, they listen to jazz at Yoshi's and the S.F. Jazz Center and other venues, his mother said.
“There's nothing like live music and real instruments,” she said. “There's something so special about learning to express yourself that way.”
This year, Nick joined the Oakland Symphony's Youth Orchestra.
“The thing that stands out to me is the level of energy he puts into the music. He's extremely committed, pouring every ounce of everything he's got into every note,” said Omid Zoufonoun, orchestra conductor.
That intensity is plainly visible on the video of his White House performance, which can be seen online as part of the awards program. The Perfect Fourth step onstage at about 48 minutes in.
At the Sphinx program at Chicago's Roosevelt University this summer, about 50 to 60 kids were teamed up with like-minded musicians, given master classes by professionals such as the Catalyst Quartet and violinist Rachel Barton Pine.
On a field trip to the Bein and Fushi music store, Nick said, “I got to play an $8 million instrument,” a Stradivarius cello normally kept in a vault there.
That brief experience, with a diamond-encrusted bow, he said, “was really great.”
Nick can rattle off names of musicians he's inspired by: cellists Gautier Capucon and William Cestari.
He performs in the jazz combo New Language Quintet and the after-school strings club Stringnado. The New Language Quintet has a First Friday gig tonight, playing at the Tip Top bicycle shop on Telegraph to benefit Ride for a Reason, which supports Oakland public schools.
But beyond that, he said, “I'm interested in all kinds of music, stuff that people like in high school.”
“Electric Relaxation” by A Tribe Called Quest is one example. “They're great,” he said.
Upright bass, which Geoffrey Reeves also plays, is Nick's second instrument. He coaches other kids on it, too.
“I mainly want to go to music school and play cello in a major symphony. That's my dream,” Nick said.
The first lady's advice at the performance? “This is what you have to do: You have to stay in school. You have to. You have to go to college, get your degree, because that is the one things people can't take away from you, your education. And it is so worth the investment. So stay focused. School and music and the arts is the only thing that matters.”
Contact Mark Hedin at 510-293-2452, 408-759-2132 or mhedin@bayareanewsgroup.com.
New Language Quintet
Performing at the Tip Top Bike Shop, 4800A Telegraph Ave., 6-8 p.m. Friday at a benefit for Ride for a Reason.
Free
Yes, dress like the slut that you really are, and the catcalling jerks will be silenced. Sounds counter-intuitive, right?
But trust me. I know — not just because I'm a self-proclaimed slut but because I've done several controlled scientific experiments out on the street. In my professional-career-girl look, I provoke far more lewd comments and aggressive behavior than when wearing something short and snug and oh-so-revealing.
Maybe it's something about a navy blue pencil skirt and matching jacket, with demure white blouse, that awakens the primitive urge in some men to defile and conquer? The more seemingly unattainable the sex object, the more desirable she becomes? Or since she doesn't even look like a sex object, the macho male's job is to unleash the sexpot lurking beneath the virginal, ruffled blouse and opaque hosiery?
But when self-consciously clad in the wildest, sexiest, even sluttiest outfits, I find most men that I pass on the street fall suddenly, dumbly silent. (This is not to say the eye-fucking doesn't persist!)
Is this because men are intimidated by confident, assertive women, which is the required attitude to pull off the sluttiest of looks? You're so slutty, you make them not only drool but also tongue-tied!
Maybe, as Jane Austen might have said, it's a truth universally acknowledged that the guys with the loudest, biggest mouths have the tiniest, least effectual penises. Here “tiniest” is a figure of speech only, for it is another truth universally acknowledged that size does not matter. By tiny, I simply mean fearful and unsure of how to translate their offensive words into action.
Oh…and I almost forgot to say…it's best to always pair your slutty look with fashionable dark glasses, so you can safely eyefuck back!
Advertisements
Just a week after announcing their new Star Trek: The Next Generation soundtrack set — going on sale January 12 — La-La Land has also finally confirmed that their long-rumored Star Trek: Voyager soundtrack collection is also in the pipeline.
Announced on their Facebook page, La-La Land's Voyager news is the second of multiple Star Trek soundtrack releases we're expecting to see from the company this year, including another rumored Enterprise collection (following up on their 2014 set) and an additional Deep Space Nine release.
Producer Ford Thaxton, who we interviewed in 2013 about the first La-La Land Deep Space Nine Collection, fueled the fires about a possible DS9: Volume II set:
With all soundtrack releases, we likely won't know specific release schedules or track listings until just before the sets go up for order — but stay tuned to TrekCore and we'll be sure to keep you up to date as we learn more!
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Time to party in the Flats again – but in a healthier way.
Cleveland Metroparks, expanding its lake and river properties once more, unveiled on Thursday a 2.8-acre recreational site under construction on the East Bank of the Cuyahoga, just north of the Columbus Road Bridge. Soon to be linked with the Towpath Trail, it will house the park district's first full-service restaurant.
Merwin's Wharf in Rivergate Park will open near the end of July with lunches and dinners Tuesday through Sunday, and a private dining room for rent. The 110 indoor seats and 60 patio seats face a view of the river called Irishtown Bend (near Hoopples River Bed Cafe). Patrons will be able to watch rowing sculls and ore carriers pass by. Rebuilding of the Columbus Road bridge is expected in the next few months.
While portions of the $2.9 million project will be used as a location for education and recreation, including paddling the river, a primary emphasis will be food.
"We've seen study after study in the recreation industry showing that parents are looking at food as part of the built-in experience outdoors," said marketing chief Sanaa Julien.
"They want outdoor activities but don't want to worry about where to feed their children. In that way, we're serving a need. Instead of an hour, they can spend three hours moving away from the electronics at home."
The wharf's menu, designed by restaurant manager Jarrod McCarthy, a graduate of the Culinary Institute of America, covers familiar items such as burgers, salads and sandwiches. But it also has Thai-Style Mussels, Black Bean Burgers and five entrees ranging from a $13 Mac & Cheese to a $35 Strip Steak. Find Merwin's menu here.
Metroparks chief Brian Zimmerman said the site is designed to be the hub of an emerging recreational campus that includes the Cleveland Rowing Foundation next door, the city's planned Crooked River Skatepark, neighboring Ohio City Bicycle Co-op and upcoming connections to the Towpath Trail.
Eventually, the public will be able to launch kayaks there, take classes in paddling and rowing, and see exhibits about the river.
Zimmerman hailed the site's access to the growing population in Cleveland's adjacent downtown, and in the Ohio City neighborhood up the bluff.
"There's not another industrial city that has the ability and the green space to connect to that many resources," he said.
Zimmerman also said Merwin's Wharf will complement metropark's other Cuyahoga River property to the south, the Ohio & Erie Canal Reservation, as well as waterfront parks across Cleveland's Lake Erie shore. That includes Whiskey Island, which it takes over at the end of this year.
"We believe this site will tie everything together," he said.
Park authorities, he said, want to "create opportunities for residents to reconnect with the waterways that give our region so much character and potential."
The opportunity at the Merwin Avenue site was identified by Cleveland Rowing Foundation (changed from earlier version), he said, and officials from that group invited Metroparks to develop the former boat storage site. In order to purchase the land the parks received $600,000 from the federal government through transportation monies, plus contributions from Trust for Public Land, Cleveland Foundation, Gund Foundation, Met Life, and other sources. The parks paid $1.7 million for site preparation and construction.
Park officials at the sneak preview did not have detailed information on the water quality in the immediate area.
"It's still an area of concern," Zimmerman said, "but the more people get to know about the river, the more they can appreciate it and help it. We're all part of making our water quality better."
Zimmerman said there was no more financial risk in opening a restaurant there than there is in running food concessions at the park's golf courses. All are run in-house for control of the product, he said, rather than just linking to outside vendors.
Food chief McCarthy said frozen food will be a comparatively small part of the fare at Merwin's Wharf.
"We don't have a walk-in freezer," he said showing off a home-sized appliance. "So you know we'll be relying on fresh product."
"We want to be tied in to health and wellness," Zimmerman added. "It's not just a restaurant, it's telling a story."
We've all heard the old saying "it's like nailing jelly to a wall" to describe a task that is very difficult or impossible. But is our view of the difficulty of this task justified? Has anybody actually tried nailing jelly to a wall? In this experiment I attempt to establish, one way or the other, the validity of the old proverb.
(By the way, the "Attention Americans" stuff and its ilk is now at the bottom of the page.)
Materials
I sourced the following materials from Sainsbury's and Focus.
They are: a 16oz claw hammer, a 200g pack of 3" (75mm) round wire nails, a selection of 135g packs of Hartley's jelly cubes, and a plank of wood, dimensions 850x200x18mm (approx. 33½"x7¾"x¾"). The plank of wood will play the part of the "wall". The type of wood, and its exact dimensions, are not important.
The length of the nails is important. Specifically, the nails should be longer than the depth of the bowl intended for use as the jelly mould. This is to enable the nail to go right through the finished jelly and into the wall without the nail first disapparing into the jelly.
The picture below shows the proposed jelly mould (an ordinary dessert bowl) and one of the nails next to it for comparison purposes.
A first attempt
A box of jelly, as purchased from the supermarket, contain twelve joined "cubes". The orange flavour is shown below. This is "concentrated" or "neat" jelly; the idea is that water is added to produce actual jelly. Of course, these cubes are much more viscous than the diluted mixture produced by adding water. Therefore, it should be easier to nail the concentrated cubes to the wall than the actual jelly.
In fact, the jelly didn't even need a nail to stay on the wall. It just stuck there. For good measure, I drove a nail through it. The jelly held in place.
This is called "cheating".
Making the jelly
My first attempt being somewhat against the spirit of the proverb, I decided to repeat the experiment with proper jelly. The procedure for making jelly from the jelly cubes is documented on the reverse of the jelly boxes; a summary is given here.
The picture below shows the equipment required: some jelly cubes (lime this time), a measuring jug, and some boiling water.
Do not eat any of the neat jelly cubes, no matter how nice they look. They're incredibly sweet and probably addictive; if you eat them all you won't have any left for the experiment.
Pour half a pint (284ml) of boiling water into a jug, and add the cubes. Stab the cubes indiscriminately until they've all dissolved. Then add another half pint of cold water, so the jug contains a pint (568ml) of jelly mix.
Given that the intention is that this jelly be nailed to a wall, we might intuitively get better results if we add less water than required, in order to give a thicker and presumably sturdier mix. However, in this experiment the jelly will be prepared according to the instructions on the packet to ensure a fair test.
Pour the jelly mix into whatever is being used for the jelly mould. In this case, as mentioned before, we are using a simple dessert bowl. The only restriction on the type of mould used is that its depth should be less than the length of the nails.
If you reproduce this experiment, you will probably find that there is an irritatingly small amount of jelly mixture left over in the jug once the mould is full. Pour this footling amount of jelly into a glass, and place it in the fridge alongside the bowl. For maximum confusion, don't tell any of your housemates about it.
Finally, leave the jelly to set overnight.
Nailing it to a wall
When the jelly has set, cover it with a plate, upturn the entire arrangement, and carefully lift the bowl off the jelly. Then realise that the jelly is still stuck to the bowl. Hit the bowl with a spoon a few times (to no avail) before attacking the edges of the jelly with a thin sharp knife to loosen it.
The logical next step would be to pick up the jelly and nail it to some surface perpendicular to the floor. Unfortunately, the first of these steps was impossible; trying to pick up the jelly with bare hands resulted in its partial disintegration. So, I opted for a compromise; I got the jelly back in the bowl, and upturned it directly onto the plank, while it was horizontal.
With the plank horizontal, I drove a nail through the centre of the jelly and into the plank.
I then added a few more nails to hold the jelly in place. Unfortunately, even with nine nails in it, the jelly was starting to break around the nails when the plank was tilted.
Seeing nothing better to do, I added three more nails at strategic points. When the plank was tilted, half the jelly broke off completely and fell to the floor. The weak points seemed to be near the nails.
The jelly's structural integrity now having been seriously compromised, the rest of the jelly followed about half a minute later. This attempt at nailing jelly to a wall had therefore resulted in quite a convincing failure.
But wait...
I suddenly remembered that I had more jelly. The glass into which I poured the excess from the jug was still sitting in the fridge. I retrieved it and extricated the jelly. Perhaps a smaller amount of jelly would nail to the wall easier?
Taking no chances, I not only nailed the jelly to the plank using five nails, but also added a crescent of eight nails below the jelly to catch any wayward lumps.
This worked for approximately half a minute. Unfortunately, although the jelly that fell off was briefly caught in the crescent arrangement of nails, it fell through the gaps after a small amount of time.
Before long, there were only trace amounts of jelly left on the wall.
Conclusion
Given some jelly mixed according to standard procedures and a vertical wall, it is not possible to nail the former to the latter and have it stay there for any significant amount of time. Furthermore, these experiments were conducted by nailing the jelly to a horizontal surface which was then gradually tilted. Nailing jelly to a wall while the wall is vertical is an intractable problem in itself due to the difficulty in picking up jelly with the hands without it disintegrating.
Even using many nails to construct a receptacle for the purpose of catching the jelly, which is not technically "nailing it to the wall", resulted in failure. This was because the gaps between the nails afford to the jelly an easy means of egress from the receptacle.
Further research into the area might involve the nailing to the wall of a stronger jelly mix. Alternatively, the "wall" could be placed, nails first, into the jelly while it's setting, to allow the jelly to set around the nails. Then in the morning the bowl can be removed, leaving the jelly nailed to the wall.
The old proverb, then, is justified, and the reader may say that an impossible or near-impossible task is "like nailing jelly to the wall" safe in the knowledge that the assertion has some scientific evidence to corroborate it.
Animal Collective In Concert
Enlarge this image toggle caption Shantel Mitchell
When the enigmatic rock group Animal Collective released Merriweather Post Pavilion in January, it immediately became an early frontrunner for 2009's best record. Months later, it remains the year's most wildly imaginative release, with a strangely infectious stew of tribal rhythms, pulsing synths and shimmering vocals. Here, Animal Collective stops by Washington, D.C., for a full concert — a show webcast in its entirety at NPR Music. In addition to live streaming, the performance from the 9:30 Club will remain archived on this page and in the Live In Concert podcast.
Animal Collective grew out of the avant-garde rock scene in Baltimore, Md., in 2000. The group's members describe themselves as four best friends who grew up playing and recording music together. In the nine years since it released its debut, Animal Collective has built a reputation for crafting strange, shape-shifting songs with cascading walls of noise, polyrhythms and swirling vocals. It's a sound the band describes as "freeform, electronic, horror, gospel, hip-hop, soul, pop madness."
Richard Florida is all over the news again with the release of an updated, 10th-anniversary edition of his most famous book, The Rise of the Creative Class. I'm convinced that someone, someday is going to write a fantastic biography of Richard Florida. He's such a fascinating figure: the symbol of a decidedly 21st-century concept of urbanism and economic development, someone who became very famous and (it seems) quite wealthy as an academic and public intellectual, and yet who seems to inspire controversy and backlash at every turn. Florida is no stranger to arguing with his critics: his preface to The Rise of the Creative Class, Revisited reads like a litany of defensiveness (“my ideas…were widely derided”; “many critics dismissed my notion”; “I caught a lot of flak”; “I was accused of confusing chickens and eggs” etc.).
I'm not sure if Florida expected to get away with re-releasing his book without provoking yet another firestorm, but if that was the plan, it hasn't exactly worked out. The onslaught started with a piece penned by Frank Bures for a new magazine called Thirty Two based in Minneapolis called “The Fall of the Creative Class.” A one-time Florida acolyte, Bures tells of how he became disenchanted with creative class theory via a bad experience living in Madison, Wisconsin, supposedly a creative hub. His direct attack (which is by no means the first of its ilk) scored a response from Florida, which of course just led to another broadside from Bures. In the meantime, despite some positive press, most of the reaction I've seen has ranged from catty to apoplectic. Next American City – ironically, the outlet that published Florida's first defense piece, “Revenge of the Squelchers,” way back in 2004 – has run two different commentaries from Sean Andrew Chen that are mostly skeptical in tone. And then there's this festival of bile from The Baffler's Thomas Frank, author of What's the Matter With Kansas?, which, while mostly sparing Florida by name, attacks the very idea of the arts as an economic engine with ferocity.
In the circles I travel in, it's become as fashionable to pick on Richard Florida as the oft-derided hipsters with which his “creative class” is sometimes associated. In one sense you can't blame them: this is a guy who gained an enormous amount of notoriety from scholarship with some obvious flaws. It's hard to look at the attention his ideas commanded among the mayors and foundations of the country over the past decade, and the cushy lifestyle he now enjoys, and not feel a bit of righteous envy. I get it.
But on the other hand, I sometimes wonder if Florida's detractors have really read his books – like really read them, front to back. They often accuse him of saying things he didn't say, or omitting things he talks about at length (like income inequality, which occupied much of a chapter in the original Rise of the Creative Class). Although Bures's rebuttal to Florida draws more blood, the conceit of his original article seems to be that the author's own disappointing experience in one “creative class” city and subsequent happiness in another “creative class” city are somehow proof that creative class theory is wrong. Bures also seems to imply, via his invoking of Mel Gray's study on arts spending in 15 cities, that Florida is explicitly an advocate for public funding of the arts, which he's never really been (as much as arts advocates have liked to pretend he is).
My view has been that Florida is on to something from a qualitative standpoint, but that his particular way of describing it in research terms – the “3T's” of Technology, Talent, and Tolerance, as measured at the metropolitan level rather than that of individual neighborhoods – is a limited instrument that prevents him from getting the robust results he's looking for. As much shadenfreude as we might get from seeing a giant fall back to earth, it's problematic when the methodological quirks of Florida's particular approach are used to damn the entire concept of the arts as an economic driver, as we see in Frank's article. Throughout, Frank seems to spend most of his time arguing against a straw man, the notion that people who are interested in creative class theory or creative placemaking or the economic development potential of the arts believe that these things are the singular answer to turning around the economy in any community. Frank writes of the “millions” spent on promoting vibrancy in our nation's cities and suggests that they would be better spent on things like “bridges, railroads, highways,” regulating the financial system, or, my favorite, universal health care. I'm sorry, but I seem to have missed the press release that announced state and local governments were spending more on street festivals and public art than re-routing the interstate or Medicaid. When the “millions” spent on making our cities a little more interesting, attractive, and fun approaches anything like the trillions spent on these other things, we can talk about misallocation of resources, mmkay?
I don't think many people would argue, not even Richard Florida, that the arts are some kind of silver bullet that can solve all of a community's problems. But that's a very different thing than saying that the arts do have the potential to add value economically to communities, that they do form part of the answer to revitalization and shouldn't be ignored or sidelined like they usually are. I'm still waiting for the conversation to go where it needs to go but hasn't yet: how can the arts be the irreplaceable catalyst in certain, specific situations in certain kinds of cities? The broad brush with which we insist on painting the picture keeps on covering over its most important details.
(Update: Richard Layman has more.)
Maine's voters took an extraordinary step during last year's November election, passing a referendum that would make the state the first in the nation to use ranked-choice voting for statewide elections.
Under this voting system, voters rank candidates on their ballot instead of just voting for one. If no one gets a majority of votes in the first round, next-preference votes are counted until a candidate gets most of the votes. Several U.S. cities currently use ranked-choice voting, which both eliminates the “spoiler effect,” helping minor party candidates, and ensures that no one can be elected without the support of the majority of the voters.
But the state's Supreme Court earlier this year issued a non-binding opinion that parts of the referendum law violate a provision of Maine's constitution that allows statewide officers to be elected by plurality. The court, notably, did not state that using ranked-choice voting for primary and congressional elections would violate the constitution.
The issue was kicked to Maine's legislature, which could make the technical fixes needed to make the law constitutional.
Last week, the legislature took the unusual step of delaying the law's execution until 2021. Republicans largely supported the delay while Democrats were split. Independents opposed it.
Lawmakers will have until the 2022 elections to amend the law to make it constitutional or else face a full repeal. The vote was widely interpreted in the state as an attempt by the legislature to kill the measure.
The state's current governor, Republican Paul LePage, first took office in a three-way race in which he got only a plurality of the vote in a contest against Democratic and independent candidates. Last year's ballot initiative was, in part, a response to his election.
The campaigners who successfully convinced voters to support ranked-choice voting last year are not giving up. Four days after the legislature's vote, the Committee for Ranked Choice Voting Maine, or RCV Maine, submitted an application to the secretary of state to trigger what is called a “people's veto.”
The people's veto is a Maine-specific procedure that allows voters to authorize a referendum to overturn laws recently passed by the legislature. In order to trigger the veto, campaigners must collect 10 percent of the votes cast in the most recent gubernatorial election. In this case, that's 61,123 valid signatures. The tricky part is that the law requires that these signatures be collected and submitted within 90 days of the adjournment of the legislature — which gives RCV Maine until about early February to get it done.
Kyle Bailey, RCV Maine's campaign manager, told The Intercept that the group is aiming to get enough signatures by the end of this year.
If they succeed, voters will use ranked-choice voting in Democratic and Republican primaries for congressional races and the governor's race in June 2018. They will also use the people's veto to weigh in on whether to continue using the ranked-choice voting system. Bailey believes being able to try out the new voting system will make it more popular. “I think voters exercising more voice and more choice by having the power to rank candidates will only intensify their support for this electoral change,” he said.
Diane Russell, a former Democratic state representative and a 2018 gubernatorial candidate, supports the veto drive. “We are doing everything we can to have petitions on time for Election Day, but we will not know for some time,” Russell wrote on Facebook. “We will keep you posted.”
Maine voters have used the people's veto 29 times between 1910 and 2010. Most recently, the veto referendum was used to overturn a tax reform law.
on •
LEXIE CANNES STATE OF TRANS — Regular readers of this space know I've come around to appreciate the generous positive publicity transgender models bring to the table. The value of this goodwill is huge — reaching a large part of our society, all the while offsetting some of the destructive damage done by reality entertainment and exploitative media.
While trans models have become commonplace, I find of particular interest are models who can pose either as female or male (or neither) depending on the needs of a client. The key factor here is for some in our society, this upsetting of gender “norms” can be the breakthrough to deeper understanding of all things gender.
For a while Andreja Pejic was the de facto standard-bearer. Previously modelling as Andrej, she never stated whether she was male, female, or transgender for that matter, all the while throwing many people for a loop on gender “norms”. Recently, Andreja announced she had SRS and is a trans woman, but continues to model.
Getting our attention now is a rising star set on breaking gender stereotypes. She is recent Columbia University grad and trans woman Hari Nef. She recently signed with a major modelling agency and she's also an actor, performance artist and has been noted in model-related publications. I took the time to look through her highly regarded Tumblr account. While sometimes NSFW, her work is cutting edge and entertaining.
While some publications have erroneously credited Hari with plowing new ground (it was Andreja Pejic, perhaps others, who were actually first), they are correct Hari's the real deal.
—-
My congrats to Hari Nef and high hopes for the positive PR she'll bring to our community!
My earlier article on Andrej Pelic: https://lexiecannes.com/2012/02/11/trans-boys-girls-andrej-pelic-is-not-telling-good-for-andrej-i-say/
Pelic comes out, has SRS: https://lexiecannes.com/2014/07/24/trans-model-andreja-pejic-has-srs-surgery-now-identifies-as-female/
Hari Nef: http://www.examiner.com/article/transgender-model-and-recent-college-graduate-hari-nef-signed-to-img-models
Tumblr [NSFW]: http://harinef.tumblr.com/
Watch LEXIE CANNES right now: http://www.amazon.com/Lexie-Cannes-CourtneyODonnell/dp/B00KEYH3LQ Or get the DVD: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0963781332
Read Lexie Cannes in The Huffington Post: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/courtney-odonnell/
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
Print
Pocket
Email
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: Transgender, Transsexual, Trans
One week after WrestleMania 31, WWE returns to the United Kingdom for another thrilling tour. From 8 April to 14 April, the top Superstars and Divas in sports-entertainment bring 12 unforgettable Live Events, including episodes of Raw and SmackDown, to England, Scotland, Northen Ireland, Ireland and Wales.
Chris Jericho's surprising return — and impromptu air-guitar session with Dean Ambrose — and the homecoming for NXT's Neville highlighted WWE's November tour of the United Kingdom. But what will be in store when Daniel Bryan, John Cena, Randy Orton and Seth Rollins* travel across the pond just days after WrestleMania 31?
Get your tickets below, and talk about the tour using #WWEUKTour!
APRIL WWE LIVE TOUR U.K. DATES
Wednesday, 8 April, 7:30 p.m.: The SSE Hydro, Glasgow, Scotland Photos
Thursday, 9 April, 7:30 p.m.: Newcastle Metro Radio Arena, Newcastle, England Photos
Thursday, 9 April, 7:30 p.m.: 3Arena, Dublin, Ireland Photos
Friday, 10 April, 7:30 p.m.: Sheffield Motorpoint Arena, Sheffield, England Photos
Friday, 10 April, 7:30 p.m.: Odyssey Arena, Belfast, Northern Ireland Photos
Saturday, 11 April, 7:30 p.m.: Nottingham Capital FM Arena, Nottingham, England Photos
Saturday, 11 April, 7:30 p.m.: Genting Arena, Birmingham, England Photos
Sunday, 12 April, 5 p.m.: Cardiff Motorpoint Arena, Cardiff, Wales Photos
Sunday, 12 April, 5 p.m.: Phones 4u Arena, Manchester, England Photos
Monday, 13 April, 7:30 p.m.: WWE Raw at The O2 London, London, England Results
Monday, 13 April, 7:30 p.m.: First Direct Arena, Leeds, England Photos
Tuesday, 14 April, 7 p.m.: Bournemouth International Centre, Bournemouth, England Photos
Tuesday, 14 April, 7:30 p.m.: WWE SmackDown at The O2 London, London, England Results
*Card subject to change
Les Sziklai is the first to admit the previous approach lacked finesse.
Dealing with hoarder houses – homes so cluttered with belongings that even moving around becomes a task – the Vancouver deputy fire chief didn't have much of a strategy but to eliminate any safety hazards.
"I remember, as an inspector, I went out to one of these and I was quite taken aback," he said. "I didn't really understand what they were doing. I thought, 'This person is packing a whole bunch of junk,' and I gave them an order. I said, 'You've got too much stuff; clean it up. It's dangerous,' and kind of walked away."
Story continues below advertisement
By contrast, the new approach is decidedly more cohesive: Now, when the city receives a complaint of a hoarder house, a small front-line group composed of a fire official, a property use inspector and two health-care workers is assigned.
The change grew from discussions between the city and Vancouver Coastal Health, which, over the past year, have been working toward a memorandum of understanding on more collaborative efforts for issues of common interest.
"It was through our discussions with Vancouver Coastal Health where we learned what the issue was," said Mary Clare Zak, the city's director of social policy. "One of the things that we learned, when we brought together our policing and our fire, in particular, is they do come across situations where people are hoarding and it's a life-safety risk for them as well as their neighbours."
Of 96 cases handled in 2011, the group found situations of hoarding throughout the city, in all housing types. About one-third involved seniors.
The old approach of merely telling compulsive hoarders to knock it off didn't work, of course. Landlords would sometimes use the warning as reason to evict their tenants; the hoarders would often go on to hoard elsewhere.
The city also learned to hoard is usually a mental-health issue, sometimes associated with depression and obsessive compulsive disorder. Previously, a city worker could refer a hoarder to mental-health services, "but there was no way to follow up, to see if anything happened," Ms. Zak said.
In the task force, the mental-health workers will work with the person to address the issue, drawing if need be on other supports such as family members, Ms. Zak said. Fire officials must remove imminent hazards – such as items covering stovetops or heating vents – but have also been instructed to show a level of respect and sensitivity that had been missing in past years, Mr. Sziklai said.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"What I told my staff is that you have to talk to the people – you respect their stuff – but it has to get down to a safe level," he said.
Hoarding is one of several topics that will be discussed on Friday at the Vancouver's inaugural Healthy People, Healthy City summit, highlighting joint initiatives between the city and VCH.
Others include efforts to improve Vancouver's methadone maintenance therapy program, which had garnered attention in recent years due to instances of fraud and abuse, and the city's "neighbourhood food networks."
André Picard, The Globe and Mail's public health reporter, will give a keynote speech.
The event runs from 8:30 a.m. to 12:45 p.m. at Simon Fraser University's Woodward's campus, in the Goldcorp Centre for the Arts. Tickets are $25.
Your first name
Newly published government data reveals the Obama administration increased the amount of green cards given to Middle Eastern migrants by one-third from 2013 to 2014, with the increase largely going to those from countries with high support for Sharia law.
The Department of Homeland Security granted Lawful Permanent Resident — green card — status to 103,901 migrants from countries in the Middle East in Fiscal Year 2014. (RELATED: Afghan And Iraqi Migrants Big Winners In Newly-Revealed Green Card Spike)
That represents a 32 percent increase from the 78,917 issued in Fiscal Year 2013. Fiscal Years extend from October 1 of one year to September 30 of the next.
The biggest increase in green cards came for migrants from Afghanistan, Iraq, and Pakistan.
Afghanistan and Iraq are the number one and two countries, respectively, when it comes to citizens who support making Sharia law the official law in their nation, according to a 2015 Pew study. Pakistan is fourth when it comes to this measure.
Ninety-nine percent of Muslims polled in Afghanistan, 91 percent of Muslims polled in Iraq, and 84 percent of Muslims in Pakistan supported Sharia law becoming their countries' law.
In FY 2013, 2,196 Afghan migrants received green cards. That number increased to 10,527 in FY 2014.
Iraqi green cards in the same time span increased from 9,552 to 19,153.
For Pakistan, the increase was 13,251 to 18,612.
The DHS has not yet published data for Fiscal Year 2015.
The 103,901 new green cards issued in FY 2014 brings the total number of green cards issued to migrants from the Middle East from FY 2001 through FY 2014 to 1,114,453.
A green card entitles recipients to federal welfare and routes to U.S. citizenship, among other benefits.
A recent study found that 90 percent of Middle Eastern refugees in the United States use food stamps.
Odor ranks above poor customer service as a critical customer annoyance, and has shown to seriously deter repeat business. Cintas Corporation provides us with the top 5 tips to help your facility implement an odor solution.
Clear the air. Implement air fresheners to counteract odors and provide a clean scent. Select air fresheners that operate on a 24-hour basis and neutralize odor-causing bacteria rather than masking it.Choose a fragrance that complements the application and limits volatile organic compounds (VOCs) to meet environmental safety standards.
Attack odor at the source. In restrooms, use auto flushes, automatic drips and urinal screens to eliminate odor. Auto flushes keep toilets free of debris and work on-demand to eliminate odor. Automatic drips neutralize odor coming from urinals and cleans them. While some urinal screens come with a scent, they also help eliminate odor from urine on the floor by reducing splashing. In the facility, perform obvious odor-control tasks by taking out the trash frequently and cleaning the facility daily.
Deep clean. Beyond a daily clean, deep clean floors and restrooms on a routine basis to extract and eliminate odor-causing contaminants. Use a high-pressure steam system to remove dirt, break down build-up and extract all contaminants from grout lines, tile and carpets. For a restroom deep clean, scrub walls, floors, toilets, urinals, sinks, mirrors and fixtures using chemicals, agitation and extraction.
Address indoor air quality (IAQ). IAQ significantly aids in providing a clean scent throughout a facility. Clean coils and change air filters in ventilation systems on a routine basis for proper circulation.Place mats strategically around the facility to capture contaminants and prevent them from settling into carpets or the air filtration system. When utilizing mats, properly maintain them on a regular basis to prevent them from becoming saturated.
Partner with the right facility services provider. Partner with a provider to develop a customized odor maintenance program. A provider visits a facility on a routine basis to refill odor management products and ensure all units work properly. It provides staff with the quality tools and chemicals needed to clean and sanitize the facility daily. Trained technicians will also deep clean floors and restrooms. This is valuable for businesses that do not have the equipment or trained staff required for such maintenance.
“Business owners cannot afford to have unpleasant odors in their establishments,” says Mike Thompson, Senior Vice President, Cintas Facility Services. “It's critical to implement an ongoing maintenance program to provide a pleasant, clean scent around the clock.”
Dirty Restaurants: Consumer Retention Survey
Stay Green During a Blackout
5 Fast Facts about Waterless Urinals
[This post is about the 2018 SSC Survey. If you've read at least one blog post here before, please take the survey if you haven't already. Please don't read on until you've taken it, since this could bias your results.]
I'm preregistering my hypotheses for the survey this year. So far I've glanced at Google's bar graphs for each individual question but haven't started exploring relationships yet, so I'm not cheating too badly. I'll still look for things I haven't preregistered, but I'll admit they're preliminary results only. This is the stuff I've been thinking about beforehand and will be taking more seriously:
1. I plan to replicate the general thrust of last year's results reported in Can We Link Perception And Cognition on the sample of new people who didn't take the survey last year. In particular, I'm expecting that weirder, more autistic, more liberal, more schizophrenic, and more transgender people will be more likely to display unusual patterns of perception (hollowness or ambiguity) in the Hollow Mask illusion. I expect this to become much more obvious since I've included three examples of the illusion this year including one that seems to give a wider diversity of results.
1a. I plan to replicate the results from last year that people who were better at noticing duplicate “the's” are more likely to display unusual patterns of perception on the Hollow Mask illusion.
2. I plan to conceptually replicate Mitchell et al's study showing that autistic people are less susceptible to the Shepherd Table Illusion.
3. I plan to conceptually replicate Caparos et al's study showing that politically further-right people are more likely to use global processing on a Navon task (eg when there's an H made of tiny Es, they see the H more than the Es).
4. I plan to investigate a general construct of “first sight and second thoughts” that involves people being better able to see what's actually there, and less susceptible to illusions, priors, stereotypes, and assumptions. This will involve correlations between the two Duplicate Thes illusions, the Hollow Mask illusion, the Shepherd Table illusion, the Cookies illusion, the Parentheses palindrome, the Map riddle, the Surgeon riddle, the Switched Answers task, the Cognitive Reflection test, and the Wason task.
4a. If I can figure out how to get a common factor out of all of these, I plan to see if it's the same thing I'm looking at in 1, and how it relates to the same groups.
4b. Whether this relates to a general willingness to believe strange or unpopular things. Check vs. AI risk concern and HBD support.
5. I plan to investigate a general construct of “ambiguity tolerance” that involves people being okay with a superposition of different conflicting ideas. This will involve correlations between ambiguous results on the Hollow Mask illusion, the Spinning Dancer illusion and the Squares-Circles illusion, and with answers to the questions from the Tolerance Of Ambiguity and Tolerance of Uncertainty scales.
5a. Whether perceptual ambiguity relates to cognitive ambiguity. I want to check whether people with high ambiguity tolerance on the optical illusions are more likely to say their political opponents have some good points, are less likely to say their political opponents are evil, and are less likely to say the existing political system is justifiable. Also if they're more likely to enjoy puns.
5b. To what degree this is the same construct as (1), and is stronger among the same demographic groups.
5c. I also want to see if people with high ambiguity tolerance give less extreme answers on questions in general. I'll probably use Ambition, Social Status, Romantic Life, and Morality for this, just because these seem like complicated questions there's no obvious right answer to.
5d. I plan to confirm previous studies showing low ambiguity tolerance correlates with conservative philosophy; check vs. Political Spectrum 1-10. I predict that this will be stronger for populists than for “business conservatives”, so I expect the low ambiguity correlation will be weak for generic conservatives, stronger for Trump supporters, strongest for people who identify as alt-right.
6. I plan to investigate whether autistic people are more likely to give process-centered rather than person-centered answers to the two political categorization questions (categorizing Nazis, categorizing civil disobedience on gay marriage). That is, neurotypical people will be more likely to categorize based on which side wins, and autistic people will be more likely to categorize based on what procedures were followed (eg violence, civil disobedience).
6a. I also want to investigate how these correlate with political views. I may end up controlling for this as a confounder in (6) above.
6b. This is a totally wild out-of-left field idea, but I suppose I should check how these relate to the Navon figures since they're both about categorization.
7. I plan to confirm or disprove, once and for all, whether our community has older siblings. For lack of a fancier way to do this, I'll take the set of all people who have exactly one sibling, and see what percent of them are older vs. younger. If it's significantly above 50% older, I'm going to interpret this as a birth order effect. I'll do the same with the set of people who have two siblings, three siblings, etc, and combine them all for a final determination. Half-siblings will be ignored. If you have any problems with this methodology, tell me now.
7a. If I find we're disproportionately older, try to use subgroups to figure out where the effect is stronger or weaker, to try to find exactly what's going on. For example, are Fewer Wrongers more older-skewed than SSC readers in general?
7b. Birth order by autism, Openness, and IQ/SAT.
7c. One traditional birth-order claim is that younger children are more rebellious, so check birth order vs. people who think system needs to be fine-tuned or destroyed.
8. I plan to conceptually replicate studies showing that the older brothers (but not younger brothers, or older or younger sisters) you have, the more likely you are to be gay.
8b. See if this predicts anything else: bisexuality, transgender, gender non-conformity, political leftism, autism, possibly ‘first sight and second thoughts', possibly ‘ambiguity tolerance'.
9. I plan to see whether people with ADHD are more likely to prefer the buzzing city aesthetic to the quiet village aesthetic, more likely to rate themselves as more risk-taking, and more likely to describe themselves as ambitious.
10. I plan to investigate the hypothesis about sexual harassment mentioned here: that it's higher in gender imbalanced industries only due to potential-perpetrator-to-victim ratio. I predict that in relatively gender imbalanced industries (in terms of survey categories, all three Computers fields, Finance, Physics, and Mathematics) compared to relatively gender-balanced industries (Health Care, Psychology, Art, Law, Biology), a higher percent of women will report being harassed at work, but the percent of men reporting harassing at work will remain the same.
10b. I predict that the more people identify with social justice, and the more positively they feel about feminism, the more likely they are to report both being harassed and harassing others, due to more awareness and lower threshold to report. I predict poor social skills and autism spectrum will predict more likely to say one is a harasser, due to causing unintentional offense. I predict people who are harassed more at work will also be harassed more outside of work.
11. A long time ago, I randomized people into groups and made them read articles on AI risk to see how it changed their minds. The effect mostly persisted after one month. Since those groups were randomized by birth date, and I asked respondents their birthdates, I plan to see if those effects continue to persist after a year.
These are mostly conceptual descriptions of what I'm going to do rather than algorithmic descriptions of exactly how I'm going to process the data. Part of that is that a lot of this involves statistical techniques at the limits of my abilities and I'm going to have to see if I can actually do them. Most important, I would like to learn enough about factor analysis to actually check for a General Factor Of First Sight/Second Thoughts, and a General Factor of Ambiguity Tolerance. If I have them, I'd like to use them to see if they correlate with the other things I'm wondering if they correlate with. If I can't make this work or beg someone else to do it for me, I'll just eyeball the correlations between individual questions, see which ones are highest, and maybe take an average of those questions or something.
Mostly I won't be doing anything fancy or with too many branching paths to the data, but I plan to operationalize autism in two ways. First, a scale where professional diagnosis equals 3, self-diagnosis equals 2, family member equals 1, and no personal/family history equals 0. Second, the Autism Spectrum Quotient test I made people take at the bottom of the survey. I'm not at all confident these will correlate more than a weak amount, but I'll try it and see. I might also try some kind of average of the two measures. Since there are a few things I expect to be correlated with autism – mathematical careers, bad response to clothing tags, poor social skills – I might check to see whether the first measure, the second measure, or the combination does a better job of predicting these, and stick with whichever one does. I'll try not to base which measure I use on any of the variables I'm actually testing.
Welcome back to Fish Fry Fridays, 2017 Edition! It is going to be a great spring filled with fish, fish and some occasional shrimp.
Name: Church of the Assumption of The Blessed Virgin Mary (Bellevue)
Date: March 3, 2017
Time We Ate: 5:15 PM
Random review of #fishburgh adventures during Lent. Find a fish fry on this map! You can also follow them on Facebook and find tons of reviews and suggestions. Here is our general criteria:
In review, the factors we assess include:
Location/directions/parking/signage
Atmosphere/Volunteer Friendliness/Engagement
Accessibility
Menu: variety, portions, taste and price
LGBTQ cultural competency
Ecofactors such as reusable/disposable items, recycling bins, takeout containers
We are both coping with colds this particular Friday so we opted for an old stand by and returned to Assumption for what we knew would be a pretty good meal. (Read our previous reviews of Assumption here: 2014 and 2016) We went early because we both skipped lunch and wanted to just eat, get back home and settle in to watch Rachel Maddow. Ledcat was off work so she drove us up Route 65 toward Bellevue, a nearby suburb of Pittsburgh.
Assumption is pretty easy to find from the main drag in Bellevue and has a lovely large public parking lot (with meters until 6 pm so beware) across the street. We found a spot and walked through a very bitter wind to the church. I stopped to take some photos because it really is a lovely building, but Ledcat abandoned me for the warmth of the building. The fish fry is toward the back in the lower portion of the building. There is no indication that it is accessible and I keep forgetting to ask.
We had a special encounter at this fish fry – the priests. We ran into Father at the entrance to the hall and he stepped into line behind us. Then were seated next to the other Father and the first Father joined us. With his sister. Got that?
What made me smile was how almost every person in that room gravitated to Father and that he treated them all with a degree of affection and gruffness that would make any nun proud. We also had a good laugh as Father surreptitiously poured a white substance from a plastic container into a cup, added salt and pepper and drank heartily. What could it be? Turned out it was buttermilk! He enjoys buttermilk with his fish, he said. What a hoot! We also overheard a bit of gossip and news about the parish that made zero sense to us, but was amusing table talk.
Backing up, we entered the hall where signage directed us to the takeout line and the eat-in line. As seasoned fish friers, we had a general sense of what we wanted, but we conferred to decide who would get what. The line moved quickly and efficiently as people moved folks to the next available ‘cashier.' We ordered, paid and were whisked away to be seated lickety split. Assumption uses students from their parish school to work at the event which makes a huge difference. The kids were friendly, even eager to help. They were attired in all sorts of parish tee shirts promoting their various sporting teams and other groups.
Laura decided to have a fish sandwich with a side of pierogies and applesauce. I opted for the fried fish with macaroni and coleslaw as my sides. Beverages were included in the price with the choices of iced tea, lemonade, coffee, hot tea and water. I had water and Laura had lemonade. Each dinner was $10 with two sides and beverages. That's a good deal when you factor in the portions. We also spent $2 at the bake sale. Oh my goodness, that chocolate cake was incredible.
The shrimp was fine, nothing spectacular but a good portion and perfectly cooked. The fish was a huge piece served Pittsburgh style on a round bun. But we had thought ahead, knowing that our little cancer stricken cat would enjoy the fish – we brought our own takeout container. Laura trimmed the fish down to what she could reasonably eat and we tucked away the other pieces. In my purse. Like official middle-aged ladies. The fish was moist and tender with a light breading.
A side equals three pierogies which was a solid amount. They were lightly sautéed with a hint of onion and quite tasty. They didn't look homemade, but they were good. Not drive to the Polish grocery store in the Strip good, but pretty good. The macaroni and cheese was just meh. It was suspiciously more orange this year and a bit soupy. It wasn't awful, but I will skip next time.
The coleslaw deserves its own paragraph. It was sublime. A friend told us that a caterer who belongs to the church provides the slaw and it is magnificent – hand sliced cabbage, distinct and crisp flavor. It really made the meal pop. I'm imaging how to use the slaw in lieu of pesto or as a dressing on the fish itself.
In terms of engagement, the tables were set with promotional placemats outlining information about the church community. The volunteers were pretty outgoing and helpful. There was definitely a hustle going on. The room was decorated with the stations of the cross featuring coloring papers presumably done by the students. I found the first station (‘Jesus is Condemned to Death') also decorated with colorful fish, suggesting to me a fusion of symbolism with the literal historical interpretations. And it was cute.
The ecofactors of this fry include serving food on reusable plates with actual tableware even though the cups are disposable plastic. No evidence of recycling in the room, but as the tables were cleared by volunteers, that could happen behind the scenes. I'm troubled because I think Christian values require stewardship of resources. Food waste and disposable items are key areas where this could be addressed. You can't compost fish, but you can compost mac and cheese, pierogies, coleslaw, bread and so forth. Wouldn't it be great to see a student project composting food leftovers to grow a community garden?
This is a pretty solid, reliable fish fry. The food is good, the venue comfortable. The ongoing challenge is the lack of engagement although the volunteers do a pretty good job. And I noticed an older gentleman who was seated near us by himself as we were preparing to leave. He was a little confused about the process and looked a bit lonely. I spoke with him briefly, but he turned his attention to his food. As we left, I told Laura that there should be a ‘fishing buddies' program given how many times we've come across people on their own at these events.
One quick note – the gender inclusive bathrooms in the hall. Ha. See, this isn't so very hard.
This place is bustling. I noticed that the number of people visiting my previous reviews of this particular parish fry was on the rise this past week. The takeout line was always moving.
Pros: food quality, portions, volunteers, price, comfort of the venue, organization and process, and delicious coleslaw
Cons: lackluster mac and cheese, food waste, styrofoam, accessibility (or perceived lack of accessibility)
When fashion designer Leo Preziosi came across an article in Metrosource magazine in 2000 called “The Gun in the Closet,” which discussed two high school students who committed suicide because of bullying, he realized it was time to do something. He soon formed Live Out Loud, an organization that helps to empower LGBTQ youth by connecting them with successful queer professionals in their community.
Preziosi is particularly proud of the organization's upcoming Young Trailblazers Annual Gala at The Times Center on April 28. Tony-winner Billy Porter will host and emcee the event and scholarship recipients will be presented with their awards, while In Style magazine editor Ariel Foxman will receive the Founders Award and playwright Terrence McNally will be honored with the Legend Award.
One of the most anticipated moments of the event will be the organization's Live Out Loud Youth Scholarship presentation, which will award five scholarships worth $5,000 to youth who have made significant contributions to society. This year's recipients include Darrel Persaud, from St. Raymond High School for Boys in the Bronx. Persaud is part of a youth committee called Youth Channel which encourages young people to think proactively and constructively about issues affecting their lives. He also interns at BOOM Health!, where he helps educate other young men about HIV/STD prevention.
The scholarships encourage students like Persaud to pursue college degrees and continue their progressive work. Preziosi believes the scholarships and opportunities that come with them help boost the students' confidence and raise their self-awareness. He urges the community to become present in the lives of these individuals by engaging the community, sharing wisdom and assessing their needs and challenges of queer youth.
Live Out Loud's School Program partners with schools throughout New York City to implement educational curriculum focusing on LGBTQ issues, awareness, and action. Through the program students participate in activities, engage in discussion, and put their ideas into action while making a difference in the community.
Another of the most successful programs Preziosi and Live Out Loud have embarked on is the Homecoming Project, which sends successful LGBT adults back to their hometown high schools. Dustin Lance Black recently returned to his former high school in North Salinas, California to speak to the student body and inspire LGBT youth. Gay rights activist Neil G. Giuliano, the former president of GLAAD returned to this high school in Bloomfield New Jersey in 2009 through the same program. Community and celebrity supporters of Live Out Loud has increased ever year: Lisa Lampanelli, Lea DeLaria, BD Wong, and Alan Cumming have all filmed “Gay It Forwards” PSA videos for the organization.
For more information on Live Out Loud, go here.
Photo Credit: Dana Roc
FORT BEND COUNTY, Texas -- Law enforcement authorities around Houston are investigating two incidents of homeowners using deadly force to protect their property.
Both happened early Christmas morning.
In one instance, a homeowner shot and killed a suspected burglar inside a house on Longleaf Pines Lane in Kingwood.
In Fort Bend County on Malin Court, a man shot and killed someone who was rummaging through his truck.
The sheriff's office there tells us the suspect killed on Malin Court was only 18-years-old.
"The bullet hit the bottom of this bumper right here and they had to retrieve the bullet out of there," said Michael Adams, who showed us where a bullet went through the back of his Lexus Sunday morning.
Investigators tell us Adams' neighbor got off at least three rounds at the suspected burglar--2 of them hit the suspect; another hit Adams' car.
"I feel lucky it hit the bumper versus shattering a window," Adams said.
Fort Bend County Sheriff's deputies tell us a man on Malin Court got up early Sunday to get a glass of water and noticed someone on his security system going through his truck.
The homeowner went outside, and saw something in the suspect's hand. He didn't know what it was and then, according to deputies, saw the suspect make a move toward his waistband.
That is when he opened fire, fearful the suspect had a weapon.
Neighbor Michael Adams, when asked where he was sad about his car having a bullet hole in it, said, "I am sad about my car but you know we gotta look out for each other here because there have been a lot of break ins here."
Investigators are not releasing the name of the 18-year-old suspect. They tell KHOU 11 News his family also lives in the area.
Deputies tell us the homeowner was well within his rights to do what he did to protect his property.
Back for the new year with a new look, but the same insightful take on the Anaheim Ducks that you've come to expect.
New schedule means there will be new editions recorded either Monday or Tuesday, and Wednesday or Thursday depending on how the Ducks schedule looks for a given week. They'll be released night of recording, and you can still subscribe to get the podcast delivered to your iTunes, or on Soundcloud. It's also available with the Soundcloud App, at Soundcloud.com/anaheim-calling-podcast, with the Soundcloud embed below, or you even follow us on Soundcloud too.
On This Week's Show:
Recorded Monday, Jan. 4, 2016
- Anaheim's evolution into a top tier defense
- Systemic differences that have helped make that change possible
- Does Bruce Boudreau get Adams consideration if Ducks make playoffs?
- Comparison to the 2012 Kings, does it fit?
- Jonathan Drouin on the market, but Kyle prefers Ryan Johansen
- How much would the Ducks have to give up to acquire either player?
- And as always, much much more...
Get In Contact With The Show!
Twitter: @AnaheimCalling, Eric is @ErictheHawk, Kyle is @ACKyleNicolas
Email: AnaheimCalling@gmail(dot)com
Stick Taps
Our NEW intro is by Orange County punk band U.S. Bombs- it's off their "War Birth" album, all of their stuff is great. The Bear Brass perform the brilliant Bro Hymn cover for our outro, follow them on Twitter @BearBrassMusic or HIRE THEM. And of course comic artist extraordinaire Earl Sleek for our 'Clashing' logo.
Thanks for being one of the thousands... And thousands of listeners.
See you Thursday to talk about the Toronto game, as well as the announcements Kyle teased, and much more!
Well, have you been dreaming of knowing the art of playing Ping-Pong by yourself and finding it very difficult? Not anymore. First of all, it is important to know that Ping Pong as a game on its own can earn you millions of dollars if you can perfect the art of playing. The game requires you to score points by knowing how to control the ball using the paddle. The only way to become a perfectionist is by practicing and knowing how to handle the ball. To practice ping pong with a good ping pong playlist, here are a few tips to help you with the practice;
1. Know the rules well – In any game, rules are very key. Without knowing the rules of the game, it will be so hard for you to grasp the game.
What you have to do is know the rules very well, so that it will be easier for you while playing your favorite playlist.
2. Prepare your body very well – Playing Ping Pong is a little bit hard especially if you are a beginner. Fitness is key. If you want to grasp the skills of this game, then prepare your body for movements. As a beginner, your body should be balanced and flexible to move in all directions. If you are left-handed, the best position to stand is when the left foot is forward. As for right-handed people, the best position to stand is when the right foot is slightly ahead.
3. Move very swift ping pong, you really have to move very fast as it is a quick game. Besides, you never know where your opponent is going to hit the ball, so you have to be so fast. That is why a quick playlist suite this type of game. Great ping pong players are swift and you can even search them online.
4 Always aim at the corners this is a great trick that Ping Pong champions use To aim at the corners needs a lot of practice and once you have perfected the art it will be easier for you. Corners are very hard for opponents to reach so always aim at corners.
5. Develop the best technique for yourself after several days of practicing, you should be able to identify the perfect technique that suits you very well. After you have identified the technique, practice on it to perfect it Cramming one technique is advantageous.
6. Select the best surface for you to practice this is great especially if you are doing it alone. A wall is the best as it is able to give back the return balls well So make sure you use a soft wall to perfect your art.
7. Practice regularly – as you know, practice makes perfect. The best way to become a great ping pong player is by practice. Once you have grasped the technique, you will be heading for glory. That is is the only way to grasp the technique. Practice.
8. Buy a good paddle last but not least a good paddle is important. Please, not that the type of paddle really determines how well you are going to perfect the game. As a beginner, you should get a beginner paddle as it suits you well as you progress on And for that reason, here is the link where you can check out the best table tennis paddles(http://pingpongperfect.com/best-table-tennis-paddle/). They will help you greatly as they are the best. They range from different sizes and shapes just for everyone.
Google search has become one of the most convenient and efficient sources of information over the course of a decade. However, its method of providing the information has never been fully appraised. There was a time when people condemned it for sending the searcher to number of further sources by providing links.
Now when it has revamped the process of providing the search results and gives direct answers as well, it is again getting strong approbation from antitrust officials and companies.
Whatever problems those critics have with Google, the majority of users seem happy with these direct information to their queries in the form of maps, photo carousels, movie time listings, fact boxes, encyclopedia, dictionary words and so on.
All this praiseworthy stuff about Google's search capabilities is undoubtedly an advancement over its way of functioning ten years ago especially, the massive difference which the visual graphical representation of the results has created. All these differences which it has created or rather improvements it has made, have descriptively been discussed in a new study which was conducted by the digital marketing firm Meditative.
In the study, the researchers tracked the eye moments of 53 people while they searched Google for different purposes on their desktops. The pursued results were presented yesterday in the search marketing conference SMX West held in San Jose.
The study has claimed that the “golden triangle” which was observed in a 2005 study doesn't exist now. According to this triangle, people's attention while searching was focused on the upper left side of the page. The results of new research show that, as Forbes notes:
People first looked down the left side to scan URLs. Virtually all of them looked at the top four and compared those as a batch. Some 80% of them made their first click on one of those four. Barely any looked at the right side where ads resided (though they clicked plenty on the ads at the top left).
Along with the changes in where people look for search results, the time duration they take looking for the results has also been reduced substantially: 8 to 9 seconds from 14 to 15 seconds.
It is an undeniable fact, as the study has found too, the searchers are facilitated, one way or another, on the cost of businesses. Therefore marketers, and especially search engine optimization or “SEO” companies, criticize Google's way of working. That's because if users are satisfied by first few results, they hardly bother to look for other links thus leaving the site owners with fears of business impairment.
However, we must not overlook the limitations of the study: firstly, it was done only in North America; secondly, it doesn't include other platforms like searches on smartphones, where people follow a different approach altogether.
Need something quick and healthy for dinner? This Smoked Chickpea, Cauliflower, Sweet Potato Pasta is tasty, ready in 30 minutes and has all the healthy you need. This dish can be enjoyed as a stirfry, or added to pasta for a more filling meal. For extra tangy flavor, top with Chipotle Cashew Creme!
5 from 1 vote Print Smoked Chickpea And Cauliflower Pasta Delicious smoked chickpea and cauliflower stirfry on top of pasta. Yum. Prep Time 15 minutes Cook Time 15 minutes Total Time 30 minutes Servings 10 cups Calories 329 kcal Author greenschemetv Ingredients Chickpea And Cauliflower Stirfry 1 can 15.5 oz chickpeas, drained. (reserve liquid)
3 cups minced cauliflower
3 cups sweet potato ribbons
1 tbsp smoked paprika
1 tbsp granulated garlic
1/3 cup pine nuts
1 tsp sea salt
3 tbsp olive oil Pasta 16 oz brown rice gluten free pasta Chipotle Cashew Creme 1 cup raw cashews
1 cup water
1 tbsp Mrs. Dash Southwestern Seasoning
1 tsp smoked paprika
1 tsp granulated garlic or garlic powder
1 tsp sea salt
juice of 2 limes
1 tbsp lime zest Instructions Pasta Cook pasta according to package directions. I add sea salt and olive oil to the water. Chickpea And Cauliflower Stirfry Saute pine nuts in 1 tbsp olive oil until toasted. Remove from pan and set aside. Add chickpeas, 2 tbsp olive oil, salt, smoked paprika and garlic to pan. Saute for 3 minutes. Add cauliflower and sweet potatoes and mix well with chickpeas. Chipotle Cashew Creme Blend all ingredients in high speed blender. Assemble your dish: Place pasta in a bowl, top with Chickpea Stirfry and Chipotle Cashew Creme. Sprinkle toasted pine nuts. This recipe makes a huge bowl of pasta and vegetables, so it should serve 10 with leftovers. Nutrition Facts Smoked Chickpea And Cauliflower Pasta Amount Per Serving (1 g) Calories 329 * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
Smoked Chickpea, Cauliflower, Sweet Potato Pasta can be enjoyed as a main dish, or added to pasta and topped with Chipotle Cashew Creme.
Other dishes like Smoked Chickpea, Cauliflower, Sweet Potato Pasta that you might like:
Vegan Grilled Cheese
Pumpkin Coconut Soup
Quinoa Basil Stir-Fry With Sweet Mango
Sweet Potato Mushroom Cakes
Creamy Cajun Mushroom Pasta
Spicy Vegan Ramen
To see more photos, go to Instagram.
Recently the FSF's application to Let's Encrypt's Limited Beta program was accepted. For those of you who have not been following, the project Let's Encrypt is a non-profit Certificate Authority (CA) run by the Internet Security Research Group (ISRG). The IRSG, founded in 2013, is comprised of board members from various places, including but not limited to: The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), and Mozilla. The main drive behind Let's Encrypt is to make the process of getting X.509 certificates for Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption a trivial process, as well as cost-free. In addition, Let's Encrypt aims to make all this available using only Free as in Freedom software for both their server and client infrastructure. By doing this, the Let's Encrypt project hopes to make HTTPS (encrypted web traffic) the default state of the entire Internet. For further reading on the goals and mission statement of the Let's Encrypt CA, check out https://letsencrypt.org/about.
As part of the the Limited Beta program we have been granted the ability to generate certificates. This is done using the Let's Encrypt client software, which uses their API to generate and sign certificates for several of our most used domains. Using the Let's Encrypt client software makes deploying certificates almost effortless. The current procedure is fairly straight forward: Clone the git repository, run the client, allow it to grab packages it requires, and then step though a fairly pretty curses interface that takes your email address and the domain of the certificate you are trying to generate and have signed. This process, however, does require minimal downtime as the Let's Encrypt access requires the ports the web server uses to complete the API transaction. In practice this only took a minute or so of downtime to complete.
As part of our participation in the Limited Beta program, an example of the Let's Encrypt CA service can already be found on our network. Currently, we have migrated https://libreplanet.org to Let's Encrypt. The fingerprints for our new certificate, signed by Let's Encrypt, are as follows:
SHA1: D0:48:06:70:21:7B:70:09:D0:5C:17:22:B1:C8:E9:40:EA:BA:AF:29
SHA-256: 6B:0A:B6:4A:1A:7D:30:5C:1D:3C:A7:12:95:06:DC:F1:AA:48:7B:33:C2:81:C8:46:4E:97:1D:91:18:74:3A:98
Overall we are very excited to participate in the Let's Encrypt project. If generating X.509 certificates can be so effortless, in my opinion the end goal of a World Wide Web that defaults to HTTPS instead of HTTP is achievable. The public beta for Let's Encrypt is scheduled to go live December 3rd, 2015. I encourage any reader who runs a web server to give the Let's Encrypt CA a serious look.
An insect with huge horn-like jaws and a wingspan similar to a sparrow's has been reported by Chinese media as a record-breaking find.
"With its wingspan measured as 21 centimetres, the insect won the title of the largest aquatic insect in the world," reported Ecns.cn, the official English-language service of the state-run China News Service.
The website posted photos of the insect, which was found in the mountains near Chengdu, in Sichuan province. One shows the insect's lacy, patterned dragonfly-like wings stretched far wider than the palm of the person holding it, and in another, a modest-looking chicken egg sits nearby for scale.
The website says the photos were taken on July 17 and that the insect belongs to the taxonomic group or order Megaloptera (a name that means large, folded wings). The group includes large insects called dobsonflies or fishflies, along with smaller alderflies.
While the insect is claimed as the largest "aquatic" insect, dobsonflies and alderflies only live in the water as a larvae or juvenile – adults live on land. On the other hand, they spend only a few days as adults. While the larvae are ferocious underwater predators, the adults either don't eat or sip only nectar and fruit juice.
The elephant beetle is one of many insects that are likely far heavier than the new 'largest aquatic insect.' (Udo Schmidt/Wikimedia Commons)
It also is nowhere near the biggest insect in the world in any dimension. According to the University of Florida Book of Insect Records, the record for biggest wingspan — 30 centimetres — is held by the white witch moth; and several giant beetles and grasshopper-like creatures called giant wetas — all of which are huge and have far stockier builds than the new dobsonfly — are the heaviest.
However, an insect quite similar, and not that much smaller than the new Chinese insect, lives right here in Canada. The Eastern dobsonfly Corydalus cornutus has a wing span of 14 centimetres and males have "sickle-shaped and tusk-like mandibles" that are about four centimetres long, according to entomologists Rob Cannings and Geoff Scudder of the Royal B.C. Museum.
"Such males have been seen to 'duel' with each other and to prod the female during courtship," the two wrote in a scientific article about the Megaloptera species in Canada.
Overall, there are 17 species of dobsonflies and alderflies in Canada.
Just about a month ago, hit the web and took the web by storm. I can't tell you how many stories and even videos I read and watched about Phonebloks. It was a pretty cool concept, but I really wasn't sure it would take off. That was until Motorola unveiled their Project Ara, which they had been working on for nearly a year already. It's basically the same thing as the Phonebloks concept. In the video that Phonebloks published today on YouTube, they are basically confirming that they are working with Motorola and thus working with Google as well. Which means this whole thing might actually happen, and that I'm excited for.
What exactly is Phonebloks? Well basically it's a modular phone. Where you can switch out the RAM, internal storage, camera, display, pretty much any of the internals and upgrade them. So instead of grabbing a new phone, you can just get a newer processor. Sounds really cool right?
Project Ara and Phonebloks are working on a collaboration and there will be an MDK coming out this Winter for developers. How will this all work? Well Phonebloks long term goal is to create an active community that will allow folks to speak out about what they want from a modular device. Motorola's team has promised to developer the platform in the open. Motorola will also actively monitor the feedback provided by the Phonebloks community.
Both Project Ara and Phonebloks sound like great ideas, and it's definitely something new in the mobile space. But I'm still wondering how well this will work out for both companies. Nevermind the other companies that create the modules like Qualcomm, NVIDIA, LG, etc. This is something I really hope to become a reality, but I'm not 100% sure it'll happen. But it's definitely caught our eye and we'll be keeping an eye on it.
As Iraq disintegrates and Iran rushes in to provide its Shiite leadership with support, President Obama announced today at the White House that he's trying to find his glasses.
That's right, no decisions yet:
I have asked my national security team to prepare a range of other options that could help support Iraq security forces and I'll be reviewing those options in the days ahead.
Well he will. So look out, bad guys.
Obama sounded like he's considering military aid – though not boots on the ground – and made clear whatever he comes up with is contingent on “a serious and sincere effort by Iraq's leaders to set aside sectarian differences, to promote stability, and account for the legitimate interests of all of Iraq's communities and to continue to build the capacity of an effective security force.”
So the Iraqis must be both serious and sincere, which as any serviceman or woman who's been to Iraq can tell you is virtually impossible.
Finished with his remarks, Obama embarked from the White House to California – with a brief stop in North Dakota – where he will raise money for Democrats and presumably play some awesome golf.
We know this is at least a mini-vacation because Michelle is along for the trip. She doesn't go anywhere with him these days unless there's recreation involved.
Here are his remarks.
On February 6th, I published a short(ish) profile on Linden Lab's new CEO, Ebbe Altberg. I'm the first to admit there were a few holes in it, as I was reliant totally on published sources.
However, on Friday February 14th, Mr. Altberg himself paid me a nice Valentines Day surprises by stopping by and filling-in the blanks.
Here's what he had to say:
Hi! This is Ebbe…a few clarifications
The high school in Sweden was a ski academy and I was a ski racer.
At Middlebury I got a degree in Fine Arts with a concentration in Computer Applications…hopped between art studios and coding in the computer lab…left brain right brain…
Ingenio created marketplaces for people to buy and sell information over the phone. We enabled a lot of people to sell what they know and make money doing it. Take a call, provide a service, three days later we would direct deposit your earnings. We also invented Pay per Call (which is part of the reason why at&t interactive bought the company). I racked up quite a few patents there, but I don't really mention that anywhere as I'm not a huge fan of the patent system. Also, after my interim ceo stint there I was the Chief Product Officer.
I left Yahoo! because I did not believe in the CEO they had at that time. But I'm very proud of what was achieved while I was there (a lot of fixing org and technical plumbing).
After Yahoo! I spent six months hanging out with my family and played a lot of golf with my younger son and watched a lot of Aleks' car races. Aleks was very engaged in SL many years ago.
I really enjoyed my time at BranchOut and we made some big changes and made some really good progress. Talk.co is a cool messaging and group chat product. And they are working on something else as well that will be quite interesting. Great team. I did not leave for any other reason than not being able to say no to this incredible opportunity.
Finally, I'm a big sports fan…motor sports, soccer (Arsenal!), golf, martial arts…
There you go!
The reply did catch me by surprise (and I'll also admit I checked the IP address from whence it originated, just in case someone was engaging in a little leg-pulling), but it sparked a little exchange on the subject of Formula 1 (an interest he and I both share) which was (temporarily?) halted by the arrival of the weekend. I hope we get some opportunities for a resumption, as I'm dying to know if he is, as I suspect (that's spelt h-o-p-e), interested in space exploration (and astronomy?) …
Anyway, Thank you, Ebbe, for dropping by. I hope it's not the last time 🙂 .
Advertisements
14.9k SHARES Tweet
Actor Lee Jong Suk's enlistment date is set to be on August 10 at 2:00 p.m. He is set to receive military education for social service at the Army Training Center.
However, Lee Jong Suk plans to postpone his enlistment for his graduate studies. The past semester, he had been admitted to Konkuk University's Department of Film Acting.
On July 28, YG Entertainment reported that the final decision for Lee Jong Suk's enlistment date has not been made yet. They also claimed that the feels a sense of responsibility as a main actor, and thus will try to promote his current work if possible.
Lee Jong Seok received a Rank 4 on his Military Manpower Administration physical exam. It is said that a normal military life will be difficult due to a past knee injury, so Lee Jong Suk will instead serve active duty as a social worker.
Currently, Lee Jong Seok is preparing for the release of movie VIP (by Director Park Hoon Jung). In addition, the pre-produced SBS drama While You Were Sleeping, starring Lee Jong Suk and Suzy, will air in September.
For news and updates, please follow us on Facebook.
Comments
The rooftops of Vienna may seem like an unlikely site for tech innovations.
However, FunkFeuer, an obscure Austrian wireless mesh networking project that plants WiFi antennae across some rooftops is now a key element in a large "liberation technology" program by the American government. This new group projects are designed to circumvent and thwart Internet filters, censorship and surveillance in authoritarian regimes around the world.
The Austrian project, called FunkFeuer - or "network fire" in German - is an experimental mesh network in Vienna and other cities that has been underway for five years.
While FunkFeuer is not receiving any money from the American government, its popular, free, open-source mesh networking software is being now used by a tech initiative from the New America Foundation, an American NGO, which has received a US contract to work on a new shadow Internet project.
On Sunday, The New York Times reported that the US State Department is pouring millions of dollars into various projects, one of which is a so-called "Internet-in-a-suitcase." The idea is that American agents could pass along a satellite connection, quickly and surreptitiously deploying a local WiFi network.
These antennas share an Internet connection across a mesh network
"We're conscious of the fact that this is probably the edgiest, most kind of entrepreneurial kind of programming in the US Government and that it's on the cutting edge of technology and one cutting edge of history," said an unnamed State Department official, who spoke to journalists in Washington, DC on Wednesday.
"I mean, this is - we're watching the need for this kind of support play out in real time as we look across the Middle East. But again, the need is not one particular piece of technology or one silver bullet."
The American government's aim is to help protestors in Libya, Iran and other global hotspots by building shadow wireless networks - by drawing on the FunkFeuer concept.
In other words, the project eventually should be able to, at a moment's notice, smuggle in a satellite phone, and various other WiFi equipment - similar to what's used in Vienna - that could be used amongst trusted activists, even if the local government shuts down nearly all regular access.
"FunkFeuer mesh antennas network with each other and pass on data packets to each other in a very unpredictable way – and eventually the smart network learns how to send the data packets to the Internet," explained Aaron Kaplan, one of FunkFeuer's leaders, in an interview with the Deutsche Welle.
In other words, what makes a mesh network different is that it's much harder to shut down, because even if one point is switched off the network will still function. That's unlike a more traditional, linear, point-to-point type of network that is more commonly used to pass a WiFi signal across a large distance.
Kaplan added in an e-mail sent to Deutsche Welle that he is helping the Open Technology Initiative, as part of the New America Foundation, to “integrate the mesh software (that FunkFeuer actively uses in its network) into smartphones.”
Network fire
Kaplan and others have been working for years setting up this experimental network in various parts of Vienna and other parts of Austria. There are lots of other kinds of mesh networks around the world, but this one is particularly large, and it's also open-source, which means anyone can tinker with the technical specifications.
Secretary of State Clinton speeks on "Internet Rights And Wrongs"
Most recently, in January 2011, former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak shut off nearly all Internet access in Egypt for five days earlier this year, prior to his abdicating power. Internet access remains heavily censored and restricted in many nations of the world, including Iran, China, Cuba and Myanmar.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton gave a speech in Washington, D.C. earlier this year on the subject of Internet freedom, noting that the American government would award $25 million in project funding in 2011 to fight Internet repression.
"We are taking a venture capital-style approach, supporting a portfolio of technologies, tools, and training, and adapting as more users shift to mobile devices," Clinton said at the time. "We have our ear to the ground, talking to digital activists about where they need help, and our diversified approach means we're able to adapt the range of threats that they face."
Vulnerable activists
However, while the US has been aware of these projects for years, other technology experts remain concerned that these projects may make activists more vulnerable, as these networks are relatively easy to detect, and shut down.
Alexander Klimburg, who works at the Austrian Institute for International Affairs, and advises the Austrian government on cybersecurity, noted that while this idea is not completely new, it does represent a new, more concrete, direction for American policy.
"In 2006 and 2007, [then-Sen.] Clinton and [then-Secretary of State] Condoleeza Rice both had people in the State Department who were very familiar with high-tech and who also sought to implement similar types of technology in Iraq to support counter-insurgency efforts," Klimburg told Deutsche Welle. "So in the last six or seven years, the State Department has been acutely aware of technology and democratization."
But, he's a little bit skeptical about this project - mainly because Klimburg noted that it's relatively easy to detect, and therefore, shut down.
Austrian developers have been working on FunkFeuer for years
"Belarus is a very good example it's also a country where such a thing has been tried before," he said. "It's also proved to be very dangerous for people who have tried to implement it. So, what becomes of the rooftop antennae remains to be seen."
Kaplan acknowledges that this type of network can be shut down, but adds that higher levels of detection avoidance are possible. Authorities, just like activists, can not only see the names of the wireless access points if they turn on their laptops or iPhones, but also can use other software to find hidden networks.
Still, Kaplan isn't phased by his new link to US geopolitics.
"Years ago, we decided to make the mesh technology open source, so in essence everybody is allowed to use it,” he wrote in an e-mail. “It is out there on the Internet in the open, and [the Open Technology Initiative] is allowed to integrate it."
Still, he knows that FunkFeuer may not be a one-size-fits-all solution, and that activists need to recognize the limits of the tools that they use at any given time.
"You have to be very clear that technology is just the tool and when you develop a tool, [a new] tool that defeats the [original] tool will be developed [soon after]," he said. "I would be careful, you know, to put so much hope into one particular tool."
Author: Kerry Skyring, Vienna / sad
Editor: Cyrus Farivar
Usually when you go about building your own DIY tree house you consult conventions, look for existing plans or examples to take cues from (if not build from directly). In traditional Japanese tea-master style, this designer avoided hiring an architect or skilled carpenter to construct this “tea house built too high” in Japan.
The experimental and experiential nature of the design and construction process are quite evident in the finished project, photographed by Edmund Sumner. The building pushes structural capacities to their limits and bends (or breaks) design traditions in its organic, evolved-over-time form.
Rather than using trees on the small family plot he owned, he went to a local mountain to harvest two tall logs for the support of his structure. In turn, this allowed him to situate the building where he wanted it and to fully integrate the “trees” with the building they are supporting (since they will not grow over time).
The resulting “house on stilts” is inaccessible except when the builder wants it to be, requiring the use of a tall ladder to scale the first length of trunk before you can reach the built-in ladder that ultimately leads to the DIY tree house design. Sometimes he leaves the ladder nearby, sometimes he doesn't. So technically, maybe it's only too high for the people he wants to keep out of it. Aren't privacy and serenity two key characteristics in any truly great tea house, after all?
Japanese architect and historian Terunobu Fujimori is known for his eccentric and unusual creations, almost always made from natural materials. Other projects include the Nemunoki Museum of Art in Kakegawa, which Fujimori refers to as a “hairy mammoth” for its hand-rolled copper roof connected to the hillside by a “spine” of living grass. Though he's well known in his native country, Fujimori didn't become a recognizable name in the West until the 2006 Venice Biennale.
(Natural News) The pharmaceutical world will do everything in its power to protect its cash cow. Anything that stands in its way will be eliminated. In just over one year, more than 60 holistic doctors and researchers have been found dead, most of them in suspicious circumstances.
Christopher Bayley King, 49, is the latest holistic doctor to be murdered in cold blood. He was eating at the Farm to Table Restaurant, Bramble & Hare, when he was approached by a man named Louis Joseph Sebastian, 32, and shot dead on Memorial Day, reported Your Newswire. Just before he got murdered, Dr. King was arguing with his killer. Then they went outside and Dr. King got shot.
According to the police, more shots were fired when they went back into the restaurant. Though the investigators have not said what the killer's motive was, it is more than obvious in which direction we should look.
Christopher Bayley King of San Marcos, California, was a well-respected physician and researcher who focused on the connection between diet and disease. He is the founder of the Dr. King's Clinic in California and worked at SlimGenics. According to posts on his Facebook and LinkedIn pages, Dr. King had previously traveled to New Zealand to work with Maori tribes and planned on returning in June to continue his work with them.
After the horrific event, Dr. King was rushed to Boulder Community Health's Foothills Hospital. Unfortunately, help came too late and he died from his injuries, the Daily Camera reported. Louis Joseph Sebastian is currently being held at the Boulder County Jail without bond. At present, it is not known if the men knew each other or what their relationship was, if any. In a hearing set for August 7, 2017, a judge will decide whether there is enough evidence to continue to hold him without bond.
Mother Nature's micronutrient secret: Organic Broccoli Sprout Capsules now available, delivering 280mg of high-density nutrition, including the extraordinary "sulforaphane" and "glucosinolate" nutrients found only in cruciferous healing foods. Every lot laboratory tested. See availability here.
Self-defense or premeditated murder?
According to a quote published in a New Zealand newspaper, both men were invited to a party by different guests. However, Leah Akin said she accidentally invited King, thinking she was inviting a friend with the same name. Nonetheless, he was a welcomed guest since they had previously “hooked up,” the woman explained.
Even though the 32-year-old made him uncomfortable, Gary Reeves was the one to invite Sebastian to the venue. According to Gary, Sebastian often talked about “interactions with the mob.” While flirting with one of the guests, Sebastian said he believed men “needed to be macho and aggressive to win over the attention and affection of women.”
Around midnight, guests started to head downtown for food and drinks. At Bramble & Hare, King and Sebastian got into an argument allegedly about politics, according to the official reports. When Sebastian suggested taking it outside, witnesses heard gunfire and King stumbled into the restaurant where he was shot in cold blood.
Before more damage could be done, a chef and former marine ran out of the kitchen and disarmed the shooter. According to the Boulder police, King was shot four times, in the ribs, chest, and shoulder. Though Sebastian later claimed self-defense, if he gets convinced of first-degree murder, he could face a life sentence or even the death penalty.
Dr. King has done so much for the world with his holistic research and writings and will be missed by family, friends, and those who have worked with him. Was this an unfortunate chain of events with a deadly consequence or did Sebastian plan the argument and murder ahead of time to shut up Dr. King?
If you have any information about this case or the connection between the two men, call the Boulder Police Department at 303-441-1974. Or if you wish to remain anonymous, you may contact the Northern Colorado Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477) or you can submit tips through the Crime Stoppers website at CrimesHurt.com.
It is time our country deals with these killing. We should not run away from it. There is too much at stake. Stay informed about the criminal, inhumane practices of the pharmaceutical world at BigPharmaNews.com.
Sources include:
YourNewsWire.com
HealthNutNews.com
DailyCamera.com
Thousands of people have rallied in the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv, calling on authorities to release former prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko from jail in the first major show of opposition in the east of the country.
The protest went ahead despite a local court order banning the demonstration and dozens of public transport vehicles blocking the rally's passage, an AFP journalist on the scene said on Friday.
Tymoshenko's supporters said they have been stopped from visiting her in prison, where she is already serving a seven-year sentence for abuse of office - a conviction the EU has called a case of selective justice.
Supporters of three opposition parties had to change their planned route because central squares and streets were blocked with trams and trolleybuses, causing a collapse in the transport system.
The demonstration still managed to attract a crowd of about 5,000 on the central square, according to police estimates.
The opposition called the rally to coincide with a court hearing in the tax evasion case against Tymoshenko in Kharkiv, which was postponed in her absence as she receives medical treatment in a local hospital.
Kharkiv authorities opposed the protest, and asked the court to ban it "in order to protect the interests of the Kharkiv residents," Mayor Gennadiy Kernes said.
The rally was led by Vitaly Klitschko, the head of UDAR (Punch) political party, nationalist Svoboda (Freedom) party leader Oleg Tyagnybok and leading opposition figurehead Arseniy Yatsenyuk.
Meanwhile, Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovyck told Al Jazeera that Tymoshenko could be pardoned but only after "the legal proceedings of the criminal case that Mrs Tymoshenko are subject to are over".
Glasgow police are warning people not to post unnecessary things on social media or else they might “receive a visit” from the police.
In a tweet Friday morning, Greater Glasgow Police wrote, “Think before you post or you may receive a visit from us this weekend. Use the internet safely.”
They also included a graphic of what people should “think” about before they post:
According to the graphic, people are encouraged to “#thinkbeforeyoupost” anything that is not deemed “necessary” or else they will receive “a visit from us this weekend.”
The tweet by the Greater Glasgow Police Department comes as Police Scotland issued a statement regarding social media comments made by an imam at Glasgow Central Mosque.
The statement from Superintendent Jim Baird of Police Scotland's Safer Communities Department reads, “Officers have reviewed all comments as reported to Police Scotland, and whilst it is appreciated that individuals raise issues that concern them, on this occasion no criminality has been established.”
Perhaps if the imam had posted something unnecessary on social media as opposed to simply praising a terrorist on social media, the police would have visited him.
Álvaro Morata, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, and Kylian Mbappé. Getty Images The Premier League could break its £1.17 billion ($1.5 billion) summer spending record this summer as clubs scramble to sign the world's top talent.
Real Madrid forward Álvaro Morata, Borussia Dortmund striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, and AS Monaco attacker Kylian Mbappé have all been linked with moves to English clubs.
But former Manchester City technical director Mike Rigg thinks English football will be better off "when the money runs out."
There's not much chance of that happening anytime soon, particularly with a record £5.14 billion in TV money being injected into the Premier League, but Rigg said football would benefit from a greater focus on youth development.
"In many ways finances are obscene and out of control," Rigg told Business Insider. "Look at the way fans relish spending millions of pounds on football players. Other clubs relish building that player. In Germany for instance, they create millionaires. In England, we buy them."
Rigg was no stranger to eye-catching deals at Manchester City. He signed the likes of Sergio Aguero and Yaya Toure for the club. City has been the Premier League's top spender since 2012/13, according to the Daily Mail, splashing out £565.65 million on players.
But Rigg was also at City when plans were drawn up for its £200 million City Football Academy, which has state of the art facilities for young players. He was also previously the Welsh Football Association's regional development officer and helped lay the groundwork for the UEFA pro licensing courses.
"The Premier League and the academy systems do a good job in creating players but because we are so rich we are in a position where we can buy a player for £100 million," Rigg said.
"To some degree, the best thing to happen to football in this country will be when the money runs out. We can then focus on developing players and nurturing talent again."
Tammy Abraham is an England Under-21 star but is some way off the Chelsea first team. Michael Steele / Getty Images
He highlighted the success of England's youth teams as an example. The Under-17 side were finalists at the 2017 UEFA European Championships, while the Under-20s won the Toulon Tournament in June. The Under-21s are currently striving for success in the UEFA European Under-21 Championship.
But some of the England stars of these tournaments struggle for game time at their respective clubs. Rigg said "it is important that the pathway to play [at club level] is open." He added: "When we have so much finances in our system, developing players becomes less of a focus."
A Syrian suspected of being among jihadists who kidnapped a U.N. peacekeeper in Damascus in 2013 has been arrested over the "war crime", Germany's federal prosecutor said Friday.
The 24-year-old man named as Suliman A.-S. is believed to be a member of a branch of the Al-Nusra Front jihadist group, the prosecutor said.
Investigations found that he had participated in the kidnapping on February 17, 2013 and was "involved in guarding the kidnapped victim between March and June 2013".
He is "suspected of an attack during Syria's civil war against a person, who was involved in a peacekeeping mission under the United Nations Charter, and was therefore entitled to protection," said the prosecutor.
"The arrest warrant against him is on suspicion of a war crime against a humanitarian operation," the prosecutor added.
The peacekeeper with the U.N. Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF) in the Golan Heights managed to free himself in October 2013. It was unclear why he had been in Damascus.
The peacekeeper's identity was not revealed by German prosecutors, but the U.N. had said in 2013 that Carl Campeau, a Canadian legal advisor, was abducted on February 17 as he drove through a Damascus suburb.
He was freed in October, without a ransom being paid.
Two groups of UNDOF peacekeepers were also abducted in the same year in the Golan Heights ceasefire zone, the first comprising of 21 soldiers, and the second four. All were Filipinos and subsequently freed.
UNDOF, which has been in the Golan Heights since 1974, had about 1,000 troops and civilian staff in 2013. The 917 troops from Austria, India, the Philippines, Morocco and Moldova carried only very light arms.
In the wake of the spate of kidnappings, Austria withdrew its force over security reasons.
August 10th, 2015 • On Writing, The Broken Earth
So, now that The Fifth Season is out, I can finally talk more about the making of. Over at Scalzi's I blogged a bit about why and how I chose to use second person, among other things. Now I'm going to talk about creating the Sanzeds, the orogenes, and the stone eaters.
BTW, after further thought on this topic, I'm going to use the words “race” or “people” rather than “species” in talking about these groups because all three are obviously people. It used to bug me to see “race” used in lieu of species, particularly when the human race is depicted as consisting of a single race (nearly always white people). That approach seemed to encourage treating orcs, demons, etc., as substitutes for human non-white races, which is super-problematic. But I think using “species” may feed into the tendency of fantasy to treat groups that are equally sapient as somehow lesser because they're different. “Race” emphasizes personhood, IMO, where “species” emphasizes inhumanity. And in the case of the Broken Earth trilogy, personhood matters. (Also, I've played a lot of Mass Effect, and once you've romanced Garrus someone of a different species, you start rethinking words like “dehumanize” and how they apply within a secondary or far-future world. But I'll save those thoughts for another post. Also, Garrus is the best space dinosaur boyfriend ever.)
Anyway. Let's get to it.
The Sanzeds
I include the Sanzeds in the mix of “created” peoples because they're a group that's obviously human, but which has no terrestrial analogue. Everyone else in the Stillness is of a racial phenotype that we would be able to identify, though sometimes with add-ons (like icewhite eyes) that might confuse us. At baseline, though, Eastern Coasters are black, Arctics (northern and southern) are white, and that's the thing we'd latch on to first. Western Coasters aren't seen much in the first book, largely because the action takes place on the eastern half of the continent, but we'd probably lump them into “Southeast/East Asian” — straight hair that tends to be dark-colored, varied skin/eye colors and features but where eyes with epicanthic folds appear in the Stillness, it's most often among these people. (Also, they occupy more than just the Western Coastals; their population ranges up into the Arctics. Simplifying for the sake of discussion.) Midlatters are the “crossroads peoples” of this world — the vast range of brown folks borne of trade, of conquest, of exploration. Think: the peoples of the Caribbean nations, or northern China, or the Mediterranean region. Basically, anyone who's visibly multiracial will read as a Midlatter, in the Stillness. (To Americans, Essun will likely read as black, but that's probably because most African American descendants-of-slaves are multiracial to some degree, too. She's a typical Midlatter, though — a little bit of everybody.)
But the Equatorial region's people, the Sanzeds (they once had many nations, cultures, and languages, but have homogenized over the 3000 years of the empire) are nothing we would recognize. I did this partly to illuminate just how different the Stillness is; races on our world differentiated in response to environmental conditions, and since the environmental conditions in the Stillness are so different, it made sense that what we think of as racial markers would've developed along completely different lines. Which is why Sanzeds tend to be tall and physically imposing, having descended from generations of Mad-Max-esque warlords. A lot of those warlords were women, which is also why they don't tend to have a lot of gender variance — that is, there's not a lot of physical disparity between men, women, or other genders; they're all tall, broad people. They have a propensity to be what we'd call fat; they'd call it “famine resistant.” Their skin is a shade of bronze-brown that can both handle intense equatorial sunlight during normal years and still produce sufficient vitamin D during Seasons. This isn't stated, but they tend to be immune to some of the more common diseases in the Stillness, just as a number of peoples have developed immunities to common environmental threats in our own world. They have a natural hair texture (“ashblow” hair) that's acid-proof, waterproof, thick enough to help retain heat over any body part it covers, and coarse enough to be used as a filtration mask against “concrete lung” during ashfalls. When the ashblow hair is gray, it aids camouflage during ashfalls. Hell, it probably makes a good floatation device, too.
But in an early draft of The Fifth Season, I'd planned for the Sanzeds to also have natural color patches/blotches on their skin a la vitiligo or piebaldism, most prized when it appears on faces, but I later removed this. I was already worried about readers seeing the Sanzed as Pacific Islanders, given the “island” associations that we have with equatorial civilizations in our own world, so I thought the facial markings would sound something like Maori ta moko. Facial tattoos for the Maori have a sacred purpose, and I wasn't interested in appropriating any real people's real traditions. The goal was to make something new and plausible, not to slap a bunch of random real-world traits and stereotypes onto this created people. Hopefully that worked here.
The Orogenes
Technically it makes no sense to call this a race at all; they emerge from every people of the Stillness in roughly equal proportions, though more of them live to adulthood in the Arctics and the Equatorials because the Fulcrums are located in those regions. There's nothing visually distinct about orogenes; the thing that makes them unique is perceptual, behavioral. Yet race in our own world is a social construct, not anything related to actual biology, so it makes sense that a world which has such complicated feelings about orogenes would conceptually fission them off from the rest of humanity. In fact, as Essun alludes at one point in TFS, Old Sanze officially classified orogenes as non-human a few centuries back. The better to oppress.
But there's also something about the common experiences of orogenes which lends some substance to the label. Orogenes of the Fulcrum use a highly specialized vocabulary — e.g. torus, crucible, grit. They aren't used to hiding, which is one of the reasons it's rare for them to successfully escape; having spent years among their own kind, there are markers in their behavior which make them stick out like sore thumbs among any non-Fulcrum population. Only those who lived outside the Fulcrum as children have much real hope of blending in. But orogenes who grow up outside the Fulcrum — ferals, as Fulcrum orogenes call them — have their own unique traits. They share the markers of an oppressed group in hiding — and just as black people can sometimes spot those who are passing via “blackdar”, and just as other hapas often know on sight that (frex) Keanu Reeves is One Of Them, it's something that can be seen. It might be subtle, protective camouflage… but it's visible to those who have reason to look for it.
Note (and potential spoiler for TFS, so highlight to view) about Essun:
Essun, given her experiences, also demonstrates another trait common to oppressed peoples: she can code-switch. When she's in hiding, she uses all the same protective camouflage as any other feral, but she can play arrogant, eccentric Imperial Orogene to the hilt if she feels the need.
The Stone Eaters
This is the group about whom I can say the least! I'm intentionally keeping them a little mysterious for now. People who've read The Fifth Season know the basics: stone eaters normally appear to be realistic statues of human beings, apparently carved from marble or other statue-stone, sometimes with added color. They most often appear to “pose,” motionless, though they are capable of movement — either stone-grindingly slow or instantaneous, with no in-between. They're rumored to be immortal, indestructible, and unstoppable, and they're capable of transiting through stone, either phasing through or fusing with it, very rapidly. When they speak, their voices resound from within the chest; they don't use their mouths for that purpose. When their mouths are open, however, they have teeth of faceted diamond. They do eat stone — but their preferred diet, the specific type of stone they like best, is… something that will be explored more in subsequent books.
What I can say for now is this: the stone eaters are me playing around with the idea of mythological creatures. As they exist in most fantasy tales, mythological creatures cash in on existing cultural capital — that is, readers know what to expect because these creatures are defined by centuries of folklore. So readers know when they see elves to expect lots of magic, possible trickster behavior (“never eat anything a fairy gives you!”), ancient and complicated history, and so on. But while the people of the Stillness have heard many tales about stone eaters — some true stories and a lot of made-up nonsense — and the characters of TFS allude to a few of these tales, the reader doesn't have that bank of cultural capital to borrow against. And then there's the fact that the stone eaters aren't “mythological;” they are in fact real people with real motivations of their own. So I tried to write the stone eaters as basically mythological creatures sans mythology, or regarding whom the mythology was all but useless. Usually when I see this in fiction, the creatures read as monsters. Without the cushioning effect of folklore, the creatures become too alien and frightening, or pitiful, to embrace as fellow people. I've seen other writers manage it, though, so here's my chance to see if I can do as well. More on this later.
In fact, more on all of these groups later. Just wanted to share some of the thought that went into them thus far!
ETA some additional bits of detail, now that I've re-read this and have had coffee.
ETA2: Decided to alter the line about “gaydar” to a mention of detecting passing/blackdar. Occurs to me that it's better to stick to the axis of race in this case since I know that one well, rather than appropriate the experience of queerness just because it's better-known. Better-known doesn't mean it has the same context or mechanisms.
Prolonged dry spells and unseasonal rainfall result in drought-like situations or water-logging in many fields across India. This leads to the destruction of crops. Here's how an Ahmedabad-based social enterprise is helping farmers with a unique water harvesting technology.
“I was in Gujarat during the 2001 earthquake. I noticed how the temperatures soared in the state a few months after the disaster, leading to acute scarcity of water. This was followed by the monsoon, heavy rainfall and immense water logging in the fields. These were the varying challenges for the same place in different months of the year. And the important thing to notice was that each challenge could act as a solution for the other. For example, the excess water that was a disaster when above the ground could be a boon if stored underground,” says Biplab Ketan Paul.
Biplab used this idea to innovate Bhungroo – a water harvesting technique that uses an injection module to store excess rain water underground. Farmers can then use the same water for irrigation during summer and winter.
Bhungroo, which means “straw” in Gujarati, is one of the technologies delivered by Naireeta Services – a social enterprise working for eradication of poverty in India, where Biplab is the Director.
The high salinity of soil in arid regions of Gujarat and other states creates an impermeable layer that prevents rain water from seeping in. This leads to water logging and the standing water again increases the salinity of the soil. Bhungroo helps farmers in such rain-scarce and salinity-prone areas. The system consists of a pipe erected in such a way that excess water passes through it, gets filtered and accumulates in an underground well. Later, farmers use a motor to pump the water up and use it for irrigation. In this way, farmers get a chance to earn double of what they would normally make. The technology also helps avoid evaporation loss and wastage of water during the monsoon season.
You May Also Like: How a Railway Officer from Chennai Became Foster Father to 200 Children of Farmers from Maharashtra
The underground reservoir can hold 40 million litres of water and can supply for as long as seven months. Additionally, the non-saline rain water, when mixed with the underground saline water, brings down the salinity of the groundwater and makes it fit for agriculture.
Bhungroo comes in 17 designs for different agro-climatic zones in India and the design varies for each field. Earlier, in the initial phase, Naireeta Services was alone involved in the installation of Bhungroo. Now, with knowledge guidance from Ashoka India, a network of social entrepreneurs worldwide, the organization has adopted a partnership model. Different NGOs, cooperatives, institutions, CSR wings of organizations, etc., partner with Naireeta Services to become carriers of the technology.
The entire process of setting up Bhungroo is led by women. Naireeta Services, or the partner organizations, train members of women Self Help Groups (SHGs) in different villages.
In the first stage, these members help identify women who are below poverty line – they verify their land ownership and poverty status. Next, they measure the gradient of the land to understand whether it is suitable for the technology. Five women form one Bhungroo group, with one of them giving her land for construction. The team conducts a geohydrological study to identify the part of the land that will be conducive for erecting Bhungroo.
This is the lowest point of the catchment area because the rainwater will rush to that spot. After this, the farmers provide labour for construction and drilling.
The team drills a pipe with a diameter of five inches, which then guides the water to the subsoil aquifer at a depth of 110 feet. The aquifer is an underground layer of permeable rocks or materials like gravel, sand or silt that can contain or transmit groundwater. Once the water is saved, the atmospheric moisture in the soil helps in the growth of crops for the next month. And the stored water helps whenever required during the rest of the year.
You May Also Like: The Farmer Who Tilled his Land with a Cot, Now has a Pair of Bulls. Thanks to You, Our Readers!
Founded by Trupti Jain, Naireeta Services works with underprivileged women in both rural and urban India.
“Our aim at Naireeta Services is Antyodaya – a word used by Mahatma Gandhi that means serving the last person in the queue in the best possible way. In rural India, the last person is the smallest landholder who does not have any water service for his/her crop,” says Biplab.
Biplab has worked with more than 14,000 farmers and transformed 40,000 acres of barren or disaster-affected farms. Along with its partners, Naireeta has installed Bhungroo in farms across Gujarat, Jharkhand, Bundelkhand, UP, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, and Bihar.
The cost of Bhungroo has been subsidised under the National Rural Livelihoods Mission (NRLM). Farmers from underprivileged backgrounds, or those affected by drought, do not have to pay a single rupee for the installation. Others have to pay a subsidised fee of around Rs. 5,000. Naireeta Services charges partner organisations according to its partnership model.
Biplab, who is 46 years old, has worked in the water sector for 23 years. He left Bengal to come to Gujarat for higher studies and decided to stay back in the villages and serve the people there. During relief work after the earthquake, he organised women from the villages to develop a remediation plan for their water issues. This was when he realised that if mobilized, women can lead to high-impact social change. He developed the Bhungroo technology in the year 2000, and it took 14 years to streamline the process after many trial and error sessions. In 2015, at the UN Climate Change Conference (UNCCC), Bhungroo received the Momentum for Change Award in the Women for Result category for keeping women farmers at the centre of the innovation.
Biplab is now working on a technology for waste management in urban India as well.
“I have worked with women who had to migrate to the cities for work because farming was failing for them. Today, they are working on their own land, have their own houses and can work towards a better future,” he concludes with pride.
You May Also Like: Why an Engineer and MBA Graduate Gave up His Corporate Job to Become a Full Time Farmer
You can learn more about Bhungroo and Naireeta services here. contact Biplab by writing to him at biplab@naireetaservices.com.
Like this story? Have something to share? Email: contact@thebetterindia.com, or join us on Facebook and Twitter (@thebetterindia). To get positive news on WhatsApp, just send ‘Start' to 090 2900 3600 via WhatsApp.
Clover Coffee LLC is a small-batch handcrafted roaster in Huntsville, Alabama. We began roasting 2 years ago in Morgan County out of my parents' garage. We immediately began selling at farmers markets. We have recently gone from my parents' garage serving farmers markets to a commercial kitchen serving cafes and retail stores with our fresh roasted coffee as well as our Highbrow Cold Brew. Clover Coffee LLC was started because of a lack of good choices available throughout North Alabama. Our goal is to get great coffee out into more rural areas. We support local business and our local communities. We are continuing to expand locally and need a bigger roaster to ensure we can keep up with our growing demand.
We have set our goal for a machine that will do up to 8 pounds at a time. We have set our stretch goal for a machine that will also do the same amount, but is an even better machine that will last the life of the business. Both machines are made in the USA. If we meet our goal and do not meet our stretch goal, we will use the extra capital for the purchasing of farm-direct beans through Thrive Farmers.
Southern Makers 2014
We have been selected to present our Highbrow Cold Brew at this year's Southern Makers in Montgomery on May 3rd. With the media coverage of this event, we expect increased interested and more growth of our coffee company. There aren't many cold brew brands out there that actually do the roasting, brewing, and bottling. The beans we select help make the brew even smoother.
Pop Up Farmers Market, Anthropologie
While roasting in my parents garage, I taught my mother, Ellen King to roast. She has helped to roast 1000's of pounds on our little roaster. She is retired and helps me by roasting a few days a week and also by watching my little girls while I do the Greene Street Farmers Market in Huntsville. She also comes out with me to the Athens Saturday Market where she has gotten to know our customers. She is my Master Roaster and I couldn't do this without her. I am very lucky to have the support of my parents and the rest of my family.
Family Pic
by permission from Regina Kyle
Newly added reward!
Special thanks to Colette White for shooting video and audio as well as Johnny Wheatley for editing and his original music. Also, a huge thank you to Amanda Bolan for her incredible graphic designs.
Please look over the rewards and help us meet our goal. All backers at any level will receive a thank you and will be listed on our website (unless you prefer not to be mentioned). Thank you!!
Narendra Modi termed the Congress manifesto as "a bundle of lies" on Thursday, and called for a law to ensure that ruling parties implemented their promises.
"The Congress manifesto is a bundle of lies," Modi told at an election rally in Jharkhand's Gumla district.
"The Congress had promised to control food prices in 2004 and 2009 and the same promise has been made in 2014," he said.
"The Congress had promised jobs to everyone, and the same promises have been made again. The manifesto is a bundle of lies."
The Gujarat chief minister said the Election Commission should frame a legislation so that parties which win elections should be made answerable vis-a-vis the promises made in their manifestoes.
"This will prevent the lies (from getting into) the manifesto."
Modi also accused the Congress of ignoring tribal interests all over the country.
"It was the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government which formed a separate tribal welfare ministry," he said.
"In states where tribal population is more, like Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Gujarat, the tribals are giving a chance to the BJP to govern them".
He came down heavily on the Maoist guerrillas.
"I bow to you people for coming to this rally in large numbers despite a Maoist strike. This shows the strength of democracy. Democracy is more powerful than the gun."
He reminded people that it was a Bharatiya Janata Party government led by Vajpayee which formed Jharkhand by carving it out of Bihar.
"If the Congress had been in power at the centre, Jharkhand could not have been created."
You too— if you're rich enough—can join the exclusive Seven Summits club of those folks, who have climbed the highest mountains on each the seven continents.
Climbing Old-School Style
The old school way to get ready for the Seven Summits was to pay your dues and apprentice yourself to a master mountaineer. If you did that you would spend a lot of time and energy, years, in fact, slogging up behind him or her on all kinds of peaks like Mount Rainier. You would learn all kinds of essential mountain skills like how to self-arrest, avoid crevasses, take a pee in a tent, anchor and ascend a fixed rope, chop steps, front point up ice faces with crampons, melt snow for water, and the other important skills that you need to stay alive in the high mountains. Then you would be accepted as a competent and trusted mountain climber. You could be welcomed on expeditions with others who had similar expertise.
Climbing Nowadays—You'll Need a Big Wad of Cash
These days you don't have to do all that busy work. If you've got enough spare cash, you might not want to put in the time and effort to develop the mountaineering skills and judgment to safely climb and descend the Seven Summits on your own. Instead, you can decide, “Wow, it would be so cool to climb the Seven Summits!” and plunk down a fat wad of cash to join a commercial expedition that just might (somewhat) safely short-rope you up and down all of the mountains.
How Much The Seven Summits Cost
If this sounds like something you want to do for the bragging rights, then here is a breakdown of your basic expenses. These prices were taken from those advertised for Seven Summits by two American guide services in 2017.
Climbing Guide Fees
Kilimanjaro, Africa $5000 and up (8 to 15 days from Moshi or Arusha, Tanzania)
$5000 and up (8 to 15 days from Moshi or Arusha, Tanzania) Aconcagua, South America $4,700 and up (20 to 24 days from Mendoza, Argentina)
$4,700 and up (20 to 24 days from Mendoza, Argentina) Mount Elbrus, Europe $5000 (14 days from Moscow, Russia)
$5000 (14 days from Moscow, Russia) Denali AKA Mount McKinley $8,500 and up (22 days from Anchorage, Alaska)
$8,500 and up (22 days from Anchorage, Alaska) Carstensz Pyramid, Indonesia $27,000 and up (15 - 17 days from Bali, Indonesia, helicopter supported)
$27,000 and up (15 - 17 days from Bali, Indonesia, helicopter supported) Mount Vinson, Antarctica $42,000 (16 to 23 days from Punta Arenas, Chile)
$42,000 (16 to 23 days from Punta Arenas, Chile) Mount Everest, Asia $65,000 to $75,000 (71 to 74 days from Kathmandu, Nepal)
​Total Guide Fees Cost: $160,000 and up
Gear and Clothing
You're going to need a lot of specialized gear like crampons and ice axe, as well as lots of warm clothes to protect you from extremely cold temperatures that can dip as low as -70 F. In other words, you're not going to get by with three pairs of shorts, two Hawaiian shirts, a Patagonia raincoat, and a pair of hiking boots from Kohls. Check your guide service for a complete list of your personal gear. Take a basic list of what you'll need and then look for the best equipment and clothing, budget be damned. Don't skimp on your gear. Remember, you're worth it.
Total Gear Cost: $13,000
Basic Training Courses
Okay, the guides are not going to carry you up any of the mountains so before you go you're going to have to acquire some basic mountaineering skills and learn how to use all the tools like an ice axe, crampons, and ascenders. The best thing is to take a series of comprehensive courses, which will cost you some serious cash. Again, don't skimp and think you know it all. If you do, better ask yourself how much your life is worth.
Total Training Costs: $5,500
Airfare to Seven Summits
You're not going to be able to drive to any of the Seven Summits from the United States. Well, maybe you can drive within walking distance of Denali, but for the rest, you're going to have to fly. And the flights are not going to be cheap since you're going to fly to your jumping-off point at some of the world's most remote places like Punta Arenas and Kathmandu.
Do you have enough air miles for free trips, or do you have your own private jet rated for international flights? If not, the air prices depend on how savvy a traveler you are at finding bargain basement airfares; when you're traveling; and where you're leaving from. Taking a look at average round-trip airfares to your seven destinations from New York City, the most expensive flights are to Katmandu, Nepal, while the cheapest ones are to Anchorage, Alaska. Most of the fares are between $1,000 and $2,000 and are economy class. If you're Mr. Rich Guy, though, you probably don't care what the air cost is and you're planning on traveling first-class all the way with champagne, pre-cooked chicken dinners, and personal stewardesses. Gotta get all the perks because it isn't going to be so plush on the mountains.
Total Airfare Costs: $21,500
The Grand Total
So what's it going to cost you to climb all Seven Summits?
Grand Total Cost: $200,000 and up
Save Some Cash for Tips, Taxis, and Trinkets
— A model/actor was beaten by an alleged drunk driver on Thanksgiving after he told the motorist to slow down.
Corey Sligh, 27, who has played a bartender and waiter on CBS' “The Young and the Restless,” was with his girlfriend and going to a Rite Aid in West Hollywood to bring a Thanksgiving meal to a friend.
He ended up with a broken arm after the allegedly drunk driver didn't appreciate Sligh telling him to slow down in the parking lot.
Sligh's girlfriend spoke to KCAL9's Laurie Perez from outside Cedars-Sinai where Sligh is hospitalized.
Alisa Berhorst, Sligh's girlfriend, also an actress, told Perez she's barely slept the past 24 hours.
“The whole imagery of everything that happened last night is still very fresh and scary,” said Berhorst.
She's been at Sligh's bedside since he was treated for multiple injuries, including the broken arm which required surgery.
Berhorst told Perez that two guys in a car were speeding around the parking lot and doing donuts.
“They almost hit people in the parking lot. They were hitting curbs, and Corey said, ‘Please slow down or we're gonna call the cops, just go home.”
The men didn't go home.
LAPD confirms they've arrested two men they said exchanged words with the couple, actually hit Sligh with their car and got out of the vehicle and began beating him.
She didn't know if the attack would stop.
“The guy walked up on him like ‘I'm in the mood to kill somebody and this is who it's going to be because he told me to be careful and slow down and go away,” she said.
Police said the suspects fled the scene but crashed their vehicle nearby. A witness who followed them, helped police locate the suspects.
The fact the alleged suspects were apprehended makes Sligh and Berhorst happy.
“I'm thankful he's okay. I'm thankful that we didn't get killed,” Berhorst said.
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I) thanked fellow Sen. Kamala Harris Kamala Devi HarrisSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Warren Buffett: I would support Bloomberg if he ran for president Kamala Harris hits Trump on Fourth of July tweet: 'It's America's birthday, not his birthday' MORE (D-Calif.) on Wednesday for signing on to co-sponsor his upcoming bill to replace America's healthcare system with a single-payer Medicare-for-all system.
The Vermont progressive thanked Harris for calling the single-payer system "the right thing to do" and declared that the Democrats would make healthcare a right, not a privilege.
"Thank you @KamalaHarris for your support. Let's make health care a right, not a privilege," Sanders tweeted Wednesday night.
Thank you @KamalaHarris for your support. Let's make health care a right, not a privilege. https://t.co/hYbxTq8BVH — Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) August 30, 2017
ADVERTISEMENT
Harris's tweet was a shortened version of her remarks at a town hall Wednesday night, during which she said that the push for a single-payer system was "morally and ethically right."
"I intend to co-sponsor the 'Medicare for All' bill because it's just the right thing to do," Harris said Wednesday at a town hall in Oakland, Calif.
"It's not just about what is morally and ethically right, it also makes sense just from a fiscal standpoint," she added.
Harris's announcement ended weeks of speculation over whether she would sign on to Sanders's proposal. The single-payer system has increasingly gained support among Democrats, but Harris's decision is a public break from House Minority Leader and fellow California lawmaker Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D), who said that the time isn't right for such a bill.
“The comfort level with a broader base of the American people is not there yet,” Pelosi said at a press conference in May. “It doesn't mean it couldn't be. States are a good place to start.”
“I was carrying around single-payer signs probably before you were born, so I, you know, I understand that aspiration,” she added.
John Key is dismissing Green Party criticism that his chief of staff attending a National Party fundraiser meant he was there as Prime Minister, not as an MP or party member, which breaches his own rules.
Photo: RNZ / Diego Opatowski
The Greens say it is another example of the wealthy having access to government in return for boosting National Party coffers, which must raise questions about a conflict of interest.
Green Party co-leader Russel Norman said the Wellington dinner in September 2011 charged $3000 a head and since Mr Key was there with his top staffer, Wayne Eagleson, he was there as prime minister.
Photo: RNZ
Dr Norman said that was a breach of Mr Key's own directive to government ministers that they attend so-called Cabinet Club events only in their capacity as MPs or party members.
He described it as fundamentally corrosive to democracy.
But a written statement to Radio New Zealand News said Mr Key attended the dinner as leader of the National Party.
"Mr Eagleson is responsible to Mr Key in both his capacity as Prime Minister and as Leader of the National Party.
"In the time National has been in Government Mr Eagleson has attended a handful of National Party fundraising events."
A spokesperson from his office earlier said the Greens' attacks on National Party fundraising highlighted their push for political parties to be state-funded because the Green Party has trouble raising funds.
Dr Norman said Mr Eagleson was employed by the taxpayer and ministerial services to be the Prime Minister's chief of staff .
"So there's no defence any more that the Prime Minister was simply there as an MP or as a National Party leader. He was there as the Prime Minister with his prime ministerial support staff with him."
Dr Norman said serious questions over a possible conflict of interest had to be raised when people paid for access to the prime minister and the National Party benefited financially from that.
John Key's office said such a fundraiser was completely within the law.
FRANCE'S most pro-European presidential candidate took his campaign to London this week to a rapturous welcome. Emmanuel Macron, a 39-year-old former Socialist economy minister, was there to court the French vote abroad, and is exactly the sort of upbeat, international-minded tech enthusiast that London's latte-drinking French voters adore. Campaigning as an independent for votes on the left and the right, Mr Macron has pulled off the astonishing feat of hauling himself up from rank outsider to joint second place in the polls. But the closer he gets to a shot at the French presidency, the tougher his campaign is turning out to be.
A few days before Mr Macron turned up in London, he had been in more hostile territory: the Mediterranean naval port of Toulon, traditionally held by the right. The entrance to his rally was blocked by scores of enraged National Front (FN) supporters and pieds-noirs (ethnic French who resided in Algeria during colonial rule), chanting “Macron traitor!” On a trip to Algeria that week, he had called France's colonisation of the north African country a “crime against humanity”.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The rally went ahead all the same. Mr Macron told the audience that he was “sorry” if he had “wounded” anybody, but that France needed to confront all sides of its history. The venue was a little over half full, and the atmosphere flat. The crowd seemed motivated as much by curiosity as conviction. Jean-Luc, a high-school maths teacher, said he had never been to a political rally and was “intrigued” by Mr Macron. Robert, a retired salesman, said he voted for François Fillon, the centre-right candidate, at his party's primary but was now “looking for a way out”. (Mr Fillon is under investigation for having employed family members on the parliamentary payroll, despite little evidence that they did much work.) It was Mr Macron's “different way of doing politics” that appealed, said a retired naval worker and Socialist voter; he was not yet sure of his vote.
With two months to go before the first-round, the French presidential election has become more unpredictable than any in recent history. The only near-certainty is that the FN's Marine Le Pen will win one of the two places in the run-off. This has turned the election into a race to face her. Though she has staged almost no rallies, Ms Le Pen tops first-round polling, with about 26% of the vote (see article). Over three-quarters of her voters say they are sure of their choice. For Mr Macron, who is neck-and-neck with Mr Fillon in second place, this share is just 45%.
That Mr Macron is in this position is remarkable enough. This, after all, is a young man who in July 2014, after quitting his job as deputy chief of staff to President François Hollande, could be found in his top-floor office at the Elysée Palace cheerfully mulling over plans to write a book, or perhaps teach philosophy. Today, the offices of En Marche!, the movement he founded last year, are filled with young people in sweatshirts, and feel like a cross between a start-up and a student society. He has attracted policy heavyweights, such as Jean Pisani-Ferry, an economist, and the support of François Bayrou, a centrist who has declined to run himself. And he is recruiting candidates from all backgrounds to stand at parliamentary elections in June. The objective, says Mr Macron, is to reject “yesterday's choices”, pursue “radical novelty” in politics, and build “a new France”.
Not your regular Gilles
Yet, besides his inexperience, two obstacles in particular lie ahead if Mr Macron is to beat Mr Fillon into the second round. One is whether he can find a way to speak to a broader electorate, beyond the metropolitan voters with a university degree who favour him. “He's too intellectual,” says a retired antique dealer, in a café overlooking the port in Toulon, where the aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle is docked while undergoing repairs. Mr Macron's overtly pro-European politics are unfashionable in parts of France these days. His support for Germany's open-border policy towards Syrian refugees—he says it “saved our collective dignity”—collides with a popular mood of rising nationalism. And Mr Macron's embrace of technological disruption does not resonate with those who fear they will be its next victims. “He is quite weak among manual workers and employees, and it's not possible to construct a successful candidacy without them,” says Jérôme Fourquet of Ifop, a polling group.
The second is how far his poll success is down to an engaging personality rather than a convincing programme. The country, he says, needs “vision”, not scores of policy ideas that promptly get shelved by presidents in power. But his reluctance to be too precise has left Mr Macron open to the charge of ambiguity. Asked which of his policies they liked best, supporters questioned in Toulon were unable to answer. Mr Macron is due shortly to unveil more specific plans which, perhaps tactically, he has long avoided. Yet this carries fresh risks. Some of the ideas he sketched out in “Révolution”, the book he published last year, are profoundly radical, certainly for France. He wants to curb the overall level of public spending; have the state take over the employer- and union-run unemployment benefit system in place since the second world war; and devolve most negotiations on working conditions to companies. He is liberal, he says, “in a Nordic sense”. Getting the right balance between what France needs, and what the French will vote for, will be perilous.
A historically unusual opportunity is within Mr Macron's grasp: the chance of beating all established party candidates into the second round, and from there into the presidency. Polls suggest that he would be a more solid run-off candidate against Ms Le Pen than would the damaged Mr Fillon. Under the Fifth Republic, no independent has ever pulled off such a feat. Then again, none has had such a remarkable opportunity to do so.
Michael Cuesta directs the first feature based on a political thriller by the prolific novelist Vince Flynn, with Dylan O'Brien as a counterterrorism operative and Michael Keaton as his take-no-prisoners trainer.
While the world contemplates a nuclear-armed North Korea, is a thriller about a rogue nuke the sort of entertainment people are looking for? When it's as faux-political as American Assassin, the answer just might be yes. Built for action, like its title character, the movie packs a muscular, bloody punch, but mainly it's a well-oiled diversion.
Director Michael Cuesta, operating more in the vein of his work on Homeland than such features as L.I.E. and Kill the Messenger, proves impressively deft at orchestrating large-scale sequences. The globe-hopping story of covert U.S. operatives zeroing in on terrorist factions and renegade mercenaries clearly aims to separate itself from other popcorn spy thrillers based on airport novels. Yet even with its masterful set pieces and Michael Keaton's ferociously enjoyable turn as a badass CIA trainer, chances are that you'll have stopped thinking about it by the time you exit the theater.
A beefed-up Dylan O'Brien, of the Maze Runner films and the series Teen Wolf, steps into a potential new franchise role in this origin story of black-ops recruit Mitch Rapp, the main character in more than a dozen novels by the late Vince Flynn. In the opening sequence he's a young man beside himself with happiness as he proposes to his girlfriend, Katrina (Charlotte Vega), during their vacation on Ibiza (Thailand subs for the Spanish isle). With an overcast tint to the seaside sunlight and a nervous charge to the camerawork, Cuesta and photography director Enrique Chediak expertly turn this hopeful scene into one that's fraught with dread from the get-go. It ends in a bloodbath, with dozens of beachgoers mowed down by Uzi-wielding gunmen. Among the dead is Rapp's fiancee.
O'Brien convincingly conveys the change in Rapp when we next see him, a year and half later. Having quit his graduate studies in order to devote himself to avenging Katrina's murder, he's a man filled with purpose and yet hollowed out. He's taught himself marksmanship and martial arts as well as Arabic, and by the time he infiltrates the Libyan cell of Mansur (Shahid Ahmed), the group responsible for Katrina's death, U.S. intelligence has been watching him closely enough to swoop in for his longed-for kill. Then they swoop in for Rapp.
Though the CIA director (David Suchet) has his doubts, his counterterrorism chief, Irene Kennedy — the epitome of cool, tough composure in Sanaa Lathan's performance — deems Rapp just the ticket for the inner sanctum of covert operations. Orphaned as a teenager and now deprived of his life partner, he has the perfect psychological profile she seeks in a killing machine. The violence percolating in this mild-looking twenty-something is so boundless that he doesn't know how to channel it, which gets him kicked out of his gym for pummeling a wrestling partner. Enter CIA trainer Stan Hurley (Keaton), a gruff ex-Navy SEAL who runs a boot camp in the Virginia woods. Putting the gusto in sadism, Hurley delights in rearranging the expectations of overconfident whippersnappers like Rapp. The poundings get tiresome, but a virtual reality training session is a pretty nifty bit of spycraft.
The screenplay, credited to four accomplished writers, abounds in cliches and jargon that feel tired but probably reflect the bureaucratese of this sphere (“He's testing through the roof!”). The dialogue also hammers home the material's supposed big ideas about the damage and sacrifice entailed in a super-soldier's resolve, much as Hurley keeps spouting mantras about there being no room for emotion when you're going mano a mano with the enemy. Alright already, we get it.
The urgent matter that puts Rapp in the field alongside Hurley, another CIA trainee (Scott Adkins) and an imperturbable Turkish agent, Annika (Shiva Negar), is a whole lotta weapons-grade plutonium that's gone missing from a Russian facility. The operatives get busy targeting an arms dealer (Khalid Laith), beginning with his assistant (Tolga Safer), and then track down the physicist (Sharif Dorani) who has been hired to turn the raw material into a bomb.
As the team moves around Europe, sometimes wreaking havoc in public spaces, an American agent turned mercenary, Ghost (Taylor Kitsch), emerges as a crucial piece of the puzzle. That he was trained by Hurley is an obvious paradox, one that the filmmakers attempt to frame here as a powerful dramatic complexity: When the two meet face-to-face, in gruesome circumstances, something potentially more gripping and pathological surfaces, and Hurley's admonitions about avoiding the personal turn into a simplistic case of “Doctor, heal thyself.”
With Chediak's fluid camerawork and Conrad Buff's dynamic editing, Cuesta makes seamless work of demanding, high-intensity action sequences in the midst of crowded city centers including Warsaw, Istanbul and Rome (only the latter was an actual production location) and in more private quarters, like a high-rise apartment. A climactic showdown on the sea, involving a speedboat, helicopter and the U.S. fleet, combines ace visual effects with live action for a near-disaster of chilling, thrilling proportions, with Steven Price's score suggesting the shifting of tectonic plates.
Those thrills are the movie's true subject; though there are mentions of the U.S.-Iran nuclear deal and a geopolitical hotspot or two, its concern is a sort of free-floating danger, dressed in recognizable national generalities. And for all the interest in the making of an assassin, and the lurid realities of the job — all monsters torture, but some monsters are good — the killing and mayhem become so numbing that even a key character's death, late in the proceedings, stirs no emotion.
But while the filmmakers certainly understand that audiences have become inured to the spectacle of human bloodshed, they, and their killing-machine hero, wisely take special care not to hurt a trio of watchdogs who corner Mitch Rapp. Not all collateral damage is created equal.
Production companies: di Bonaventura Pictures, Nick Wechsler Productions
Distributors: CBS Films, Lionsgate
Cast: Dylan O'Brien, Michael Keaton, Sanaa Lathan, Shiva Negar, David Suchet, Taylor Kitsch, Navid Negahban, Scott Adkins, Charlotte Vega, Joseph Long, Mohammad Bakri, Tolga Safer, Khalid Laith, Sharif Dorani, Vladimir Friedman, Shahid Ahmed
Director: Michael Cuesta
Screenwriters: Stephen Schiff, Michael Finch, Edward Zwick, Marshall Herskovitz; based on the novel by Vince Flynn
Producers: Lorenzo di Bonaventura, Nick Wechsler
Executive producer: Daniel M. Stillman
Director of photography: Enrique Chediak
Production designer: Andrew Laws
Costume designer: Anna Sheppard
Editor: Conrad Buff
Composer: Steven Price
Casting director: Elaine Grainger
Rated R, 112 minutes
While some quarters embraced the striking new look, others were not as convinced – and suggested it was just a repeat of paint scheme that former teams Virgin and Spyker had used in recent years.
Brown insists, however, that the team put a great deal of thought into the rebranding, and is adamant that the design is one that will appeal to hardcore McLaren fans.
"It is hard-on livery," he said when asked if the team could have done a better job. "It was ultimately a dozen people involved in the whole process. We went through tonnes and tonnes of liveries and you got lots of different opinion.
"For the die-hard McLaren fans, they will notice the arc at the back is the McLaren speed mark. Picking up on that, we think the orange stands out and is quite a bright orange. And then of course when you walk up on the car, you see the black is a different type of finish.
"We wanted something that was elegant, impactful – and there was a lot of TV work done. So when you see it from the front, it will look like an orange car and it is not until you turn to the side that you pick up that it is not fully orange.
"I think it is one of those that is pretty subjective as to what is a great paint scheme and what is not a great paint scheme. Personally we love it, but I am sure that if you ask 100 people, hopefully the majority will love it, but you will get some different views."
New era
The MCL32 is the first car that has been launched after the departure of long-time company chief Ron Dennis, and marks the start of a new era for the outfit.
Brown felt it important the team did something different now, but said it was not afraid to embrace its past either.
"Our past is awesome and we must never forget our past, that is who has made up who we are today," he said.
"We see change in management: companies change logos, companies change names, so I think it is natural progression that over time you hit reset button along the way, just like [with] the great Bruce McLaren, that team the torch was passed to the MP4 era. And now we have the MCL era.
"It is exciting times and we are very proud of our history, one that I love to see. I love walking up and down the boulevard and seeing the Senna and Hakkinen cars. It is something we are very proud of and I hope we create another era like that moving forward."
DATE: Jun 9, 2014 | BY: Brent McKnight | Category: Sci-Fi
It should be readily apparent to anyone who visits this site on a regular basis that we're really god damned excited for Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy. From top to bottom, the whole thing looks totally fantastic, but we'd be lying if we said that we weren't most pumped up to see Rocket Raccoon and his BFF and partner in crime Groot. How can you go wrong with a smart ass anthropomorphic raccoon with a penchant for stealing cars and heavy weaponry, teaming up with a giant alien tree who only says one thing, “I am Groot.” Now these two have their very own poster as they find themselves front and center in this new one sheet.
Fandango will debut similar character posters all week long, and this is the first. The image shows the two hooligans doing what they do best, facing down horrendous odds, blasting away, and sneering. We like to imagine that if we could hear what's going on here, there would be swears, so, so many swears. Or at least Groot's equivalent of profanity. Voiced by Bradley Cooper and Vin Diesel respectively, these two are the perfect choice to kick off this series of posters.
Guardian focuses on a rag tag group of space outlaws that includes Rocket and Groot, their sarcastic leader, Star-Lord, AKA Peter Jason Quill (Chris Pratt); a badass green-skinned assassin named Gamora (Zoe Saldana); and a blue, heavily-tattooed madman, Drax the Destroyer (Dave Bautista). Given this assortment of scofflaws and punks, the description “a thief, two thugs, an assassin, and a maniac,” is entirely apt.
When the team steals a mysterious orb, one that many comic book fans suspect is one of the Infinity Gems, it kicks off a galaxy wide manhunt. Hunted by Ronan the Accuser (Lee Pace) and the mighty Kree Empire, the Guardians and their conflicting personalities will have to figure out how to work together and save the day. We just might be completely, totally boned. Then again, they might just pull it off and surprise everyone.
While this is the first in a new line of posters, if you want to see more fantastic Guardians art work, check out this collection we told you about last week from Poster Posse. The film features an all-star cast that also includes Glenn Close, Michael Rooker, John C. Reilly, Karen Gillan, Benicio del Toro, and Josh Brolin playing Thanos “The Mad Titan” for the first time in what promises to be an important run for the future of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Directed by James Gunn, Guardians of the Galaxy opens everywhere on August 1.
CanniMed Therapeutics Inc. has designed a poison pill to hobble the hostile takeover bid launched for the Saskatchewan-based medical marijuana company by rival Aurora Cannabis Inc.
Aurora, an Alberta-based licensed cannabis producer, has made an all-stock offer of up to $24 per share for CanniMed.
CanniMed, however, has been wary of the proposal, and said Tuesday evening in a press release that its board of directors had adopted a plan, “to ensure that all shareholders are fairly treated, well informed and not subject to coercive bids.”
CanniMed said that the shareholder rights plan blocks Aurora from buying any CanniMed shares other than those previously pledged to the hostile bid, and added that the poison pill prevents Aurora from signing any new lock-up agreements in support of its offer. Aurora has said it already has lock-up agreements supporting its bid with shareholders who represent 38 per cent of CanniMed's stock.
The rights plan will also allow CanniMed shareholders to vote on the company's preferred deal, an all-stock acquisition of Ontario-based cannabis producer Newstrike Resources Ltd., the release said. Under the terms of that proposed transaction, which the companies expect to close in January, CanniMed is offering 33 of its shares for every 1,000 Newstrike shares.
“The Company is very concerned that by secretly obtaining lock-up agreements from four of CanniMed's shareholders, Aurora may be depriving shareholders of their ability to vote in respect of the Newstrike deal or may coerce them to accept the Hostile Bid,” CanniMed said.
CanniMed has struck a special committee of independent directors to weigh Aurora's offer, which includes the condition that the Newstrike deal must be terminated.
“We remind shareholders to take no action with respect to the Hostile Bid until such time as the Board can make a recommendation,” CanniMed said. “The Special Committee unanimously recommended to the Board that it approve the (shareholder rights) Plan.”
Shares of CanniMed skidded Wednesday, losing 7.9 per cent of their value and closing at $18.43. Aurora's stock price fell 14 per cent, to $6.75.
Russell Stanley, an analyst at Echelon Wealth Partners, said Wednesday in a note that CanniMed shares were still trading at a 19 per cent discount to Aurora's maximum offer price of $24 per share, “suggesting meaningful uncertainty as to the odds of success for (Aurora) and/or the valuation of the (Aurora) stock that (CanniMed) investors would receive in return.”
Stanley also noted that the companies will seek shareholder approvals for their pending deals early next year. Aurora will hold its decisive shareholder meeting on Jan. 15, while Newstrike and CanniMed will hold theirs on Jan. 17 and Jan. 23, respectively.
Aurora denied that the shareholder rights plan — which, after the Newstrike proposal, they counted as CanniMed's second poison pill — would prevent the first major hostile takeover in the short history of Canada's cannabis industry.
“It looks to us like they're scrambling,” said Cam Battley, executive vice-president at Aurora.
“We don't see this as an obstacle,” he added. “We remain confident that we're going to be able to make this go through and bring the CanniMed shareholders into the Aurora story.”
CanniMed touts itself as the first cannabis producer to be licensed under Canada's previous medical marijuana regulations, but Battley said that the 38 per cent of CanniMed shareholders backing Aurora's bid had actually sought out Aurora, “because they saw what was once the undisputed leader in this space simply slipping away.”
While Battley said CanniMed's management has yet to pick up the phone, Aurora has said its offer is on the table until March of next year. Aurora has also applied to securities regulators to reduce the minimum deposit period for its offer, allowing CanniMed shareholders to consider the bid alongside the proposed Newstrike acquisition.
The proposed mergers come ahead of the federal government's July 2018 target date for the legalization of recreational marijuana, which would provide cannabis companies with a new and potentially lucrative market. Deloitte has estimated that legalized recreational cannabis could be a $22.6-billion industry for Canada.
And with legalization about eight months away, more mergers and acquisitions are expected in the sector.
“CanniMed cannot remain simply a hobby company for its management team,” Battley said. “You've gotta grow, or else you become irrelevant. And I think that that's the dissatisfaction that we're hearing from CanniMed shareholders.”
gzochodne@postmedia.com
Twitter: @geoffzochodne
Up until last Friday, Waterbend Apartments, the 130-plus unit prefabricated apartment complex on Third Street that opened its doors to renters last fall, encouraged potential tenants to “come grow with us as Bayview become the next Mission.”
While Waterbend assumed they had a winning ad on their hands—invoking a comparison to the Mission District, where gentrification changed the face of the once predominantly Latino neighborhood—others did not see it that way.
Supervisor Mahlia Cohen, who represents the Bayview District, saw it in a decidedly different light. She posted the following missive on on Facebook.
"Disrespectful" does not even begin to describe the asinine mistake that Waterbend Apartmentsmade when they released this ad for new apartments in the Bayview to the public. I would politely advise Waterbend Apartments, and their ad consulting team, to take a step back and get a firm understanding of the word "columbusing." You are not "discovering" the Bayview and the culture has been here. #facts This is what people are talking about when we use words like "cultural incompetence." Your description of your planned housing, "urban living at its best," is cultural appropriation at its worst. And what on earth could you possibly mean by "Grow With Us as Bayview Becomes The Next Mission"?! The Mission is ground-zero for aggressive tech gentrification. Points for transparency on what you thought your plans were for our neighborhood. Dog-whistles and coded language are so 2016. #nonsense #youtriedit#dobetter #wearenotleaving
Two days after Cohen published her response, the ad copy disappeared from Waterbend's front page, which now simply advertises the current lease prices for its apartments.
In ads still available on YouTube, Waterbend declares “It's about finding the next big thing before anyone else.” It's not clear whether or not this refers to the building or the neighborhood.
Another ad says that the complex combines “the community feel of the Mission with the budget-friendly benefits of outer city living.”
Waterbend spokesperson Amanda Frayley spoked to Hoodline about the brouhaha. She framed the ad lingo as an appeal to those priced out of other neighborhoods.
“A lot of people have been pushed out of [...] the Mission,” Frayley observed at the time. “We are giving a chance to young professionals and business owners at risk of being priced out.”
Frayley compared the prices of Waterbend apartments to those of homes in Oakland. In March, a one-bedroom apartment in Oakland renting at market rates averaged closer to $2,000, according to sites like Zumper. Waterbend markets itself as a luxury apartment building.
Here's the ad as it used to appear:
Falcons linebacker Joplo Bartu was fined $50,000 for an alcohol-related offense, but only after his two-game suspension was rescinded, according to documents viewed by NFL Media.
Last season, Bartu pleaded no contest to driving under the influence and received a two-day suspended sentence and 12 months of probation, along with enrollment in a risk reduction class. According to an NFL and NFLPA agreement, players had until Nov. 1, 2014 to resolve DUIs for them to be accepted under the old policy that did not require a suspension.
Bartu, who had 83 tackles in 2014, was handed in March a two-game suspension for his actions, pursuant to the NFL's new DUI policy. Bartu needed to submit his plea agreement before November. While he reached the agreement late in October, he didn't go before the judge until early November. Thus, the suspension.
However, Bartu provided the NFL with additional info, showing that the agreement was actually reached on Oct. 30.
Thanks to new information, he was informed in May that he was fined $50,000 and his suspension was rescinded.
He was informed that any future violations of the law would result in more significant discipline.
Follow Ian Rapoport on Twitter @RapSheet.
RAMALLAH, West Bank — At the entrance of the city of Jenin in the northern West Bank, a sign with the name “Demashq” (Damascus) is placed atop an abandoned house dating back to 1929. Palestinian artist Ghassan al-Sadi from the city of Jenin started renovating the house in February 2015 and has turned it into a Damascus-style cafe.
Sadi told Al-Monitor that he supervised the hiring of all the staff before opening the cafe on March 28, 2015, which has now become a replica of an ancient house and cafe in Damascus. The cafe is mostly known for its courtyard, which has a Damascus-style fountain, surrounded by dozens of small trees and ornamental plants, roses hanging from the walls and arches designed by Sadi to mimic the architectural design of a cafe in Damascus.
Today, Sadi is working on opening a new section inside the Damascus cafe for women and families only. He named it Halab (Aleppo) cafe and it is expected to open by the end of April. The new cafe was built above the original one, so customers sitting on the balcony can see the courtyard and the fountain.
Sadi's new cafe creates the atmosphere of an old house in Aleppo through its window designs, arches and the colors of the tile and paint. It will be divided into different sections with an area for old musical instruments and another area with pictures of revolutionary men such as late writer Ghassan Kanafani and Argentine-Cuban Revolutionary Che Guevara.
Sadi, who did not attend art school, told Al-Monitor that he was able to develop his skills in art, sculpture and design on his own. He accumulated experience by working in the field for years, which enabled him to become more innovative and creative in design. This helped him in evoking the soul of Damascus and bring it to the city of Jenin by designing the cafe's arches and courtyard and using specific types of tiles that give the place an antique look.
“I am very attached to Syria. I feel as if my soul is connected to Damascus and its neighborhoods. I think this is why I have always had this dream of finding an old house in Jenin with a garden so I can renovate it and turn it into a Damascus-style cafe,” Sadi said.
Not only did Sadi choose the cafe's design, he also offered customers the chance to taste special Syrian sweets and drinks. The menu includes Bakdash ice cream and Mate tea in an attempt to complete the elements of the perfect Damascus scene. Yet all of the cafe's chefs and staff are Palestinians.
Sadi, who funds the cafe from his own pocket, does not see it as a commercial project only, but rather as a cultural one that carries the spirit of an old cafe frequented by intellectuals, politicians and college students. For this specific reason, the entrance is decorated with pictures of late Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser, Guevara and Kanafani. The inside of the cafe is filled with ancient artifacts and antique pieces, so younger generations can have an idea about how life in Damascus used to be. In addition, patriotic songs and anthems are always playing.
Syria's yearslong war encouraged Sadi even more to open the cafe. He said, “Despite war and destruction in Syria, my cafe aims to spread culture, awareness and teach the new generation about [Damascus] history, by evoking the beauty and culture of the city. The cafe's artistic aspects are the best way to counter dark and unjust ideas. The ideology of the Islamic State is adopted by backward, ignorant people, and our role is to spread culture, beauty, originality and Arabism. This is the cafe's true message.”
Sadi plans to dedicate a section of the Damascus cafe to books about the political, social and cultural history of Palestine and the most prominent figures in Palestine and the Arab world, as well as the history of the Levant, which includes Syria, Palestine, Lebanon and Jordan.
Many Palestinians who lived in Syria in the past come to the cafe to relive old memories. Ghassan Massad from Jenin, who studied law at the University of Damascus in the 1990s, told Al-Monitor, “At first I was surprised by its design and form, and I had no doubt that it truly carries the spirit of Damascus and the Levant.”
He said, “When I visited the cafe, it brought back memories of the Fountain Cafe, one of the oldest restaurants in Syria, which I used to visit along with other college students, as well as intellectuals and politicians. Damascus cafe resembles that old cafe to a great extent.”
Massad added, “What Sadi has done is create a message of loyalty and love toward Syria. Damascus cafe gives you the impression that you really are in a Syrian environment.”
Abdulsalam Jawabreh, a professor of arts at Silat al-Harithiya School in the Jenin governorate and a regular customer at the cafe, told Al-Monitor, “The cafe has created a pure Damascus environment, which some Palestinians find familiar, since certain Palestinian areas such as Nablus are called Little Damascus.”
He added, “The cafe's design shows a great level of professionalism and quality through the selection of designs and colors and the work of wood and tiles, all of which create a beautiful link between the various components of the cafe.”
As Sadi continues to expand the cafe's sections and add more artifacts to the place, he insists on having his cafe convey a cultural message amid the many cafes in Ramallah that target young people in particular.
In the robber-baron era, the pinnacle status symbol for the super-rich was having one's name on a library or a university, à la Andrew Carnegie, John D. Rockefeller or Andrew W. Mellon. Nowadays, that status symbol — at least for a certain segment of the Silicon Valley elite — is a radio telescope. The SETI Institute, SETI being an acronym for “Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence,” is the premier international organization tasked with scouring the skies for potential signals from alien civilizations. Currently, the SETI Institute is funded largely by individual donors — and the list of major donors reads like a who's who of tech wealth. Among the SETI Institute's biggest contributors: billionaire luminaries like the late William Hewlett and David Packard, namesakes for the Hewlett-Packard Corporation; Gordon Moore, co-founder of Intel; Paul Allen, Microsoft co-founder; and Yuri Milner, the Russian-born venture capitalist with his fingers in many of Silicon Valley's pies. Aside from all being billionaires, all of the aforementioned work or worked in tech in some capacity.
The search for E.T. wasn't always a private venture. When astronomers first realized that radio waves could be used for interstellar communication, many governments and academic researchers became interested in the prospect of looking for alien signals. After all, searching for radio waves is a relatively inexpensive and easy process; you just aim your radio telescopes at the sky and listen. Frank Drake, now a professor emeritus of astronomy at the University of California, Santa Cruz, initiated the first SETI search when, in 1960, he aimed an antenna at the National Radio Astronomy Observatory at two nearby stars.
Advertisement:
For a while, the federal government, via NASA, was funding efforts to listen for potential signals from extraterrestrials. Yet in 1993, Nevada Senator Richard Bryan slipped an amendment into a NASA appropriations bill that stripped NASA's SETI efforts of any funding, despite their minuscule costs compared to NASA's budget overall. The most extensive search for extraterrestrial intelligence efforts moved to a privately funded, donation-based model; thus, the nonprofit SETI Institute was born.
It is not a coincidence that the privatization of the search for extraterrestrial intelligence happened at the same Clintonian moment that Western economies were adopting neoliberal economic reforms — selling off wide swaths of the social welfare state to private interests, contracting out others, and relying on private foundations to fulfill duties that had previously been the domain of government: things like providing housing, food and shelter for citizens; grants for postsecondary education; funding the arts and sciences, and so on. “The era of big government is over,” President Clinton declared in his 1996 State of the Union address, borrowing a slur (“big government”) that the right had invented to try to poison the notion that any form of government might be anything but bloated and intractable.
“Neoliberalism is a global system of minority power, plunder of nations and despoilment of the environment… a hegemonic system of enhanced exploitation of the majority,” wrote Alfredo Saad-Filho and Deborah Johnston in “Neoliberalism: A Critical Reader.” To the extent that neoliberal policies grant “minority power” to a small group of elites, neoliberalism is essentially a soft form of authoritarianism, in that said policies take democratic state apparatuses and put them in private hands, or assign them to unassailable technocrats. This is perhaps why the tech industry, with its oft-satirized tendency to compress all social issues into oversimplified “problems” and “solutions,” fits so well with the neoliberal mindset: the whole Silicon Valley ethos is to let the techie experts apply their hacks and fixes to everyday life, on their own monetized terms.
What does all of this talk of neoliberalism have to do with aliens? As it turns out, the story of SETI and the SETI Institute is really a story of economics, specifically of neoliberalism. For not only is the search for E.T. in private hands, but those who believe in its mission, and those who seek aliens, have bestowed them with strange properties that reflect more the era we live in than they do reflect any “universal,” cosmic principles of sociology.
Take a look around Silicon Valley, and you'll find all kinds technologists who are convinced they have a pretty good idea of what aliens will be like once we meet them. In 2015, a group of scientists and CEOs, including Elon Musk, signed a warning letter against theoretical attempts to message extraterrestrials; in it, they wrote of their worry that "because we have just recently (in cosmic terms) attained an interstellar communications capability, it is likely that other communicative civilizations we encounter will be millions of years more advanced than us." Projections as to aliens' intentions appear in the pages of prestigious scientific journals, too, including Nature, which published an editorial in 2006 regarding their fear that an alien receiving a human message might "reveal some peculiar flaw in our psychological make-up that alien 'black-ops' specialists might start working out ways to exploit." Hey, that sounds kind of like the plot of "Half-Life."
George Basalla, an historian who has written extensively about the history of SETI, believes that SETI's die-hard believers are more akin to religious adherents than scientists. He cites the ways in which SETI scientists are unable to avoid transposing human civilization, culture and mores onto theoretical aliens, a sin that clouds their ability to search for E.T. in the first place. “Despite the efforts of SETI scientists to avoid the pitfalls of anthropomorphism, they duplicate terrestrial life and civilization on distant planets, creating a succession of alien worlds that mirror their own,” Basalla writes. He continues: “SETI investigators tend to transfer terrestrial life and culture to the rest of the universe because they operate beyond the limits of their knowledge and competence when they discuss the universality of science and mathematics, biological and cultural evolution, the idea of progress, the nature of technology, and the meaning of civilization.”
Advertisement:
The transitive property of hubris
The hubris of the scientists who transpose human culture, civilization, beliefs and biology onto their search for extraterrestrial intelligence has a strange mirror in the Silicon Valley billionaires who donate to the effort. Anyone who has spent time in Silicon Valley is aware of the conceit of the elite technocracy that governs the valley, with their pseudo-authoritarian belief in creating a democracy-free society run, managed and operated by technocrats. And while the tech elites' private foundations — from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to the Chan-Zuckerberg Initiative — speak to this goal to remake the world on their own, unaccountable terms, occasionally someone actually says this aloud, such as when venture capitalist and PayPal cofounder Peter Thiel wrote, “I no longer think that freedom and democracy are compatible.”
Let's call it STEM chauvinism, perhaps. It's a tendency that is quite perceptible in the business decisions of the tech world. Observe: Facebook's transformation to a sort of pseudo-nation state, and its public assurances that it will do its best to keep the integrity of our democracies intact, which, as Max Read astutely noted, is terrifying to hear coming from a corporation. Or the dystopian-named Soylent, a food substitute powder designed to fix the "problem" of eating by eliminating the pleasures of food entirely; or in the desperate competition among the largest tech companies to automate cars and thus do away with all human drivers; or in the saga of the much-maligned “Bodega,” a startup attempting to automate and do away with human-run corner stores… I could go on. In any case, the bizarre cult of Silicon Valley believes deeply that they are the smartest guys in the room, and that the world should be run by their rules.
This kind of mindset trickles down to Silicon Valley's philanthropy efforts, which are often informed by techno-utopian fantasies about how the world operates. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg once had the hubris to believe that he alone knew how to fix Newark's public schools, despite having no education background; Zuckerberg donated $100 million to the effort with no results to show for it. So much for the rule of the technocrats.
Advertisement:
So back to SETI and the SETI Institute. All billionaires eventually reach a point where their money no longer buys them power or happiness; many billionaires then turn to philanthropy to further cushion their legacy and ego — for while no one can achieve practical immortality, endowing a library, university, or building is about the closest we can come to having our name stick around for forever.
The next step for the super-rich technocrats, then, is to have one's name on what may be the most important single event in human history: the quest to affirm that we're not alone in the universe. Currently, much of the SETI Institute's infrastructure is named for and by its donors: there's the Allen Telescope Array, named for Paul Allen; and Yuri Milner's Breakthrough Prize Foundation, his $100 million endowment toward SETI projects. If a signal is actually discovered by virtue of one of these efforts, the billionaire donor will undoubtedly become an icon of sorts for the next thousand years — all for having the privilege of spending money he made off others' labor to pay other people to build a telescope (or fund a grant program) with his name on it.
In an era in which our culture obsesses over the lives and beliefs of CEOs and billionaires, and many look to them as our saviors, it seems unwise to further our adulation. After all, we got into our Trumpian political mess by believing that those who are rich are smart, and vice versa — yet the rich's real talents tend to be avoiding taxation and lobbying politicians to do things to increase their profits.
Advertisement:
Regardless of whether or not you think alien signals are around the corner or not, the privatization of the SETI Institute is a sad reflection of the tendency of institutions that act in the public interest to be brought to the realm of the private donor. For now, the SETI Institute lives on the intersection of a Venn diagram: one circle reads "the hubris of the technorati," the other circle "our economic moment." If there are aliens out there reading, I apologize in advance for the weirdos who run our strange planet.
Even Lance Armstrong's own choice of headwear is not enough to change the minds of cyclists who hate hats, it seems
Would you pay around £160 for a helmet? Me neither. But when Condor Cycles sent us such an item it set me thinking.
The Giro Ionos, I was told, was pretty much the cutting-edge of road helmet design, so lightweight and well vented it felt as if the merest sliver of polystyrene was resting on your air-cooled brow. Not only was it the type used by Lance Armstrong in this year's Tour de France, the one we were lent was even in Lance's very own Astana team colours of blues, white and yellow. If that wasn't exciting enough, its internal pads are apparently "woven with pure silver fibres that kill 100% of bacteria".
The helmet debate is one of the most common – some would even say tedious – in cycling. But I thought we'd very unscientifically test out one small part of it – could some helmet naysayers be tempted to the other side through sheer comfort? Was it just a bad experience with a weighty, ill-fitting lid which put them off?
I gave the helmet to three Guardian bare-heads and sent them on their way:
Emily Butselaar
Helmets are ill-fitting and uncomfortable. That's always been my view and when I began cycling to work this year I didn't consider head protection for a second. Helmet design didn't seem to have moved on much from the enormous Stackhat I was forced to wear as a child. Even a nasty collision with a scooter in August didn't change my mind.
So, as a certified helmet refusenik I wasn't expecting to be that impressed by the Giro Ionos despite its "state-of-the-art" design. I don't need a race helmet and I've never considered bacteria-killing silver fibres essential, let alone "21 of the largest vents ever carved into a helmet". That said, the Ionos was a great fit. It was the first helmet I've tried that didn't require me to tighten the straps to a chokehold. More importantly, my trial coincided with the clocks going back. In the summer I was happy to spout the received wisdom to concerned family and friends; statistically a cycle helmet didn't make me safer, cars give the helmet-free a wider birth etc, but as the days darkened I began to feel less blasé about my safety. Now when I cycle to and from work in the dark, the high visibility kit and a helmet go on. And they will stay on, well at least till spring.
But would I buy a Ionos? Not a chance.Sure, it's light and comfortable but it's also gaudy and frankly too sporty not to look incongruous as I sail along on my sit-up-and-beg. Plus, it's £159.99. That's about what my bike cost. So any suggestions for comfortable but stylish, plain black helmets appreciated.
Fiona McKellar
In over 10 years of cycling to work I've never worn a helmet. Instead, I've put my trust in cycling carefully and being as visible as possible.
However, when offered the opportunity to try out a helmet for free, my curiosity got the better of me. The Ionos is supposedly the most technologically advanced helmet on the market. Would it, I wondered, tempt me into the helmet wearing fraternity?
Despite being billed as lightweight, I found it hard to adjust to having a lump of polystyrene balanced on top of my head. When I tightened it so it didn't wobble, the helmet felt like it had me in a vice-like grip. On the plus side, it did feel fairly well ventilated. Compared with cycling hatless and helmetless, my head got a little warmer than usual, but not unpleasantly so.
Overall, I suspect Giro is right and it is one of the more comfortable helmets out there. But I'm afraid my trial didn't convince me. It's another piece of kit to lug around, it's expensive, and – for me – uncomfortable too.
Peter Martin
I was a happy helmet wearer until I discovered that if you can wobble your safety helmet, it's not a safety helmet, it's an ugly hat. Following manufacturer's instructions I started wearing my headgear tight and within a few days started to suffer headaches (an old injury has left me sensitive around the jaw). So my shiny new helmet was retired to the attic.
I'm not entirely comfortable cycling without safety headwear, so was hopeful that the Ionos might offer me protection without pain. It was easy to fit, but I couldn't get it to stop moving backwards or forwards on my head, as the instructions demand.
The first ride was no fun. I spent the whole journey hating the ultra lightweight helmet clamped ultra tightly to my jaw. It was impossible to ignore it and enjoy the ride. I tried again and wasn't quite so aggravated second time out, but I suspect a longer journey or more frequent use and I'd be popping the ibuprofen.
As for the helmet's unique lightness, I can't say I've ever worried about helmet weight. It's having to strap them firmly to my jaw (as per manufacturer's instructions) that means that, however light the helmet, I'll maybe never feel comfortable.
If anyone can recommend a cycling helmet that doesn't feel like cruel and unusual punishment, then I'll happily give up cycling topless.
Anytime there's an election, some people are happy and some are let down. However, the results of one election this year put us squarely in the “happy” column. The people of New York State passed Proposition 2, a measure to allow the New York Legislature to go paperless, by 77 percent.
As you may recall from an earlier piece on New York's legislative paperless movement, the proposition had to be approved by two separate Legislatures (2011 and 2013), as well as the people of New York. While other legislative bodies, ranging from West Virginia to Hawaii, have made the switch to paperless without such an arduous procedure, New York actually had to amend its Constitution because of language in it. A requirement dating back to 1938 specified that bills had to be "printed and upon the desks" of lawmakers for three days before they could be passed, explains the Associated Press.
The proposition established three requirements:
The 213 legislators had to be able to review the electronically sent bill at their desks Legislators had to be able to print the bill if they wanted to The bill could not be changed electronically without leaving a record of the changes
The move could save up to $53 million a year—$13 million for printing and $40 million for disposing of the unneeded copies, according to amendment supporter Assemblyman James Tedisco (R-Schenectady). Just as an example, the Legislature introduced 18,000 bills this year.
The measure was not exactly controversial, notes Lucas Willard of public radio station WAMC. The online voter guide of the League of Women Voters noted that it knew of no organizations or opinions opposing the amendment, and when it was voted upon by the Legislature, it received only a single, symbolic vote in opposition. “Whether the bill is on paper in a readable form, or online in a readable form, the point is it needs to be in a form where legislators and staff actually read the bills,” said Assemblywoman Shelley Mayer (D-Yonkers). “The fact is the paper on our desk in the Assembly is not in readable form, and that's a very valid complaint. But I always am concerned as we move to a more paperless system that there could be a tendency to be less mindful that the words on the page really mean something.”
Okay, not absolutely everyone was in favor of the measure; New York's paper industry had an opposing view point and International Paper pointed out the negative economic consequences on New York's paper industry. International Paper's mill in Ticonderoga, New York employs 615 workers and 2,500 workers are employed in the Warren County region.
The AP also expressed some tongue-in-cheek concern that legislators with electronic devices might not necessarily keep their minds on their job. For instance, Connecticut legislators were recently caught playing solitaire during floor debate, and a Florida legislator was caught viewing something else. (He claimed it was sent to him in email.)
So what now? Legislative staff did not want to go into detail to the AP about how the change would actually be implemented, and it's possible that the technology, whatever it will be, won't be implemented in time for the January legislative session, a legislative spokesman said. Assemblyman Tedisco said it was likely that legislators would get keyboards and tablets for carrying around legislation, but didn't have an estimate of how much it would cost or when it would happen. (Just as a data point, the South Dakota Legislature typically budgets from $80,000 to $100,000 for laptops for its 108 legislators.)
There's no guarantee that these newly digitized bills will be any more useful than the paper versions, but at least fewer would-be laws will end up in landfills.
Recently our friends in Southeast Asia have dealt with some basic game issues we had previously reduced to all-time lows. During the current update (2.10), these issues reared their ugly head again. We'd like to say we're sorry.
Many of you have experienced these issues: black screens, long matchmaking times and latency.
While the black screen issue isn't entirely fixed, based off our metrics, the instances of black screens are significantly reduced, which means it only affects a very small number of players over any given period of time. With this issue largely remedied, matchmaking times should also return to normal, as players will always be matched up while in queue instead of getting stuck and bogging things down.
Latency / ping spikes have also affected nearly all of our SEA player base. We have identified and rectified the causes and latency is now back to pre-2.10 levels.
Through all the hardships of 2.10, we'd like to say THANK YOU to all our SEA players — and let everyone know of some upcoming rewards for the SEA region.
On Friday November 24, we'll be flipping the switch on a Double Glory Weekend. All matches played during November 25 1AM SGT and November 28 1AM SGT (November 24 9AM PST and November 27 9AM PST) will reward twice the Glory for matches played.
One more thing: All of our SEA players will be able to redeem one free Rare Key in the market if you log in between Saturday November 25 1AM SGT and Saturday December 2 1AM SGT (Friday November 24 9AM PST and Friday December 1st 9AM PST)!
Again, a huge thank you to all our loyal and supportive SEA players for standing by Vainglory. We know how important these issues are to fundamental quality of service and your enjoyment of the game, and we're learning from this update to help prevent issues like this in the future.
I conducted the following interview for Time Out Chicago. It should appear there at some point today.
French New Wave legend Agnès Varda recently attended a career-spanning retrospective of her work at the University of Chicago. The Logan Center Gallery in Hyde Park is also currently hosting an exhibit of her work, “Photographs Get Moving (potatoes and shells, too),” through November 8. I recently spoke to Varda about the exhibit and her career.
MGS: The photographs of the potatoes in your new exhibit have both a playful and mysterious quality. Some resemble science-fiction landscapes. I also remember the heart-shaped potato that you discovered in The Gleaners and I. Where does your fascination with this particular vegetable come from?
AV: As you said, the discovery of heart shaped potatoes started, by chance, during the shooting of The Gleaners and I. I felt right away all the thoughts related to that modest vegetable with a shape that means affection, love, tenderness. You can't resist the usual meaning of that word, heart, of its usual shape. Since I kept those potatoes for a long time in different places: in the dark or in the light, in open air or in boxes. I started to photograph them, to film them. When invited at the Venice Art Biennale, I did my first potato installation, Patatutopia, a triptych that has been exhibited in the Logan Center in Chicago. It's an homage to the energy of life coming out of old potatoes, uneatable, useless, quite dead. The beauty of germs and new thin roots… It's not science fiction, it‘s real science. Life resists, energy resists. I showed some photographs, each old potato is different from the others.
MGS: The title of the exhibit is “Photographs Get Moving” and all of the early photographs on display depict some kind of movement. One senses the movement within these still images just like, conversely, one senses the individual still frames within your movies. What in your mind is the relationship between still photography and cinema?
AV: What you saw, what you noticed is just what it is. The photographs chosen with me by Dominique Bluher, the curator, contain movement and lead naturally to the moving images, video or cinema. My work, for years, has been using the links between photography and cinema, playing to erase the borders between these two ways of showing reality, re-inventing reality.
MGS: Cleo from 5 to 7 is one of the seminal films of the French New Wave and just played to a packed house in one of Chicago's largest movie theaters. Are you surprised by its enduring popularity?
AV: I couldn't imagine, when I wrote and directed Cleo from 5 to 7 that my ideas related to continuous time and real geography during 90 minutes would remain an interesting approach to cinema and that the fear of Cleo facing a possible death would remain touching to future generations. How strange and wonderful 54 years later to communicate so directly with audiences of many countries…
MGS: For a long time now you've exclusively made documentary films, which I think are wonderful for the intense curiosity they show in the people who are your subjects. But my personal favorite of your works is Vagabond, which has a documentary influence but also an incomparable performance by Sandrine Bonnaire. Do you ever miss working with actors and would you ever be interested in making another fiction feature?
AV: Yes, even in a total fiction as Vagabond I looked for a documentary texture. The non-actors (the real people) had their way to speak the words I had written for them (but inspired by their ways of speaking, their natural behavior…). As for Sandrine Bonnaire, very young actress, she was over-gifted. About making another feature… I miss sometimes the help of talented actors as those I worked with, such as Michel Piccoli, Jane Birkin, Jean-Pierre Léaud, Catherine Deneuve… I'm impressed by them. I'm shy. I work more easily on documentaries since I like people, I like to make connection with all kinds of people especially the outsiders, the out of society format. Everybody is somehow unique and precious…
MGS: Jean-Luc Godard has an amusing cameo in Cleo from 5 to 7. Since you and he are the only directors from that era still working today, I was wondering what you thought of his recent work.
AV: Jean-Luc Godard and Anna Karina were very good friends of Jacques Demy and me in the '60s. He came to perform with Anna a little sketch in which he accepted to take his dark glasses off for a few minutes. That's the peak of the sketch. Jean-Luc is an experimental director and he's certainly the one who has the most invented the language of cinema in different aspects. The way he recently used the 3D in Adieu au Langage showed how different he is from the other directors. I'm glad that he persistently films his thoughts about cinema and art.
MGS: You spoke very movingly the other day about Chantal Akerman being an “uncompromising” filmmaker. I met Chantal in 1997 and she seemed pessimistic about her ability to get films financed in the future due to what she perceived as the increasingly commercial nature of the medium. Do you feel optimistic about the future of cinema and, more specifically, the possibility that daring new filmmakers will be able to create works as radical and monumental as Jeanne Dielman?
AV: Chantal Akerman's films remain important for all the film-lovers. You know what I said about her work. The difficulties she met to get her projects off the ground are the same for all the unconventional or daring writer-directors and more and more since the mainstream films are most of the time just the same as ever…
For more information about “Agnès Varda: Photographs Get Moving (potatoes and shells, too)” visit the Logan Center Gallery's website.
Advertisements
CHIKKAMAGALURU: When she wrote a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeking his assistance to tackle some pressing problems in her village, A G Namana never expected to become a local saviour. Thanks to her, officials and elected representatives are now addressing the concerns she had raised.Since Monday, officials have been visiting Alekhan Horatti, a tiny village in the Western Ghats in Mudigere taluk of Chikkamagaluru district, following a directive from the Prime Minister's Office to attend to issues raised by her. Local MLA B B Ningaiah decided to approach the Centre seeking funds to build or improve infrastructure for villagers who don't even have basic facilities.Earlier this year, Namana, 16, thought of writing to the PM as she was upset about the plight of villagers and her teachers encouraged her to dash off a letter. The village with 35 families and 300 people doesn't even have a motorable road. Power plays truant while health facilities are lax. After hearing about the PM's response to kids' concerns, Namana, a student of the Moorarji Desai Residential School in Mudigere's Bidarahalli, wrote a letter in English to the PM on October 6 outlining the lack of basic facilities at her home towm which is 45kms from Chikkamagaluru.After two months went by without a response, she had lost hope. But Namana and her family were in for a surprise when they were informed about the PMO's directive to the Chikkamagaluru district administration. The PMO asked officials to look into their request early December.Earlier this week, officials visited the village and have assured villagers their problems would be looked into. Though Namana does not stay at the village, her parents and younger brother live there. She's happy that officials are looking into the problems,Mudigere MLA Ningaiah of the JDS, who visited the village on Tuesday and met Namana and her family, said he would seek central funds to develop the village. The PMO has instructed the state government to look into the request, he added.He said he got Rs 80 lakh-worth projects to improve the village. He blamed the weather for the poor condition of the 4.5km road leading to the village. “I'll ask Chikkamagaluru-Udupi MP Shobha Karandlaje to prevail upon the Centre and get Rs 9.5 crore to relay the road,” he told TOI. There are concrete roads in the village, which gets piped water supply. The village has electricity but power plays truant as trees and its branches fall on power lines, he said.
(This is the first time we've produced an article in both written an audio format. If you'd like to listen rather than read, please just click the play button on the player below.)
Think back to your digital business in 2009. For some of you, your business may not have existed then. For others, your website may still have been in the transition to ‘Web 2.0': The advent of dynamic, user-generated content instead of static pages. Others will have fully adopted this and be reaping the rewards and the rest probably didn't have a website at all.
2009 is an important year in the progression of web design and development but the chances are, you won't know why.
In 2009, a guy named Luke Wroblewski, a designer who's worked at the NCSA, eBay, Yahoo and also started several tech successes, first coined the phrase ‘Mobile First'. Very simply this is the notion that website and software owners should develop for mobile devices first and then build out feature and functionality for desktop.
Remember, in 2009, the iPhone wasn't the powerhouse it is now: It was the third generation 3GS. Blackberry was still the go-to enterprise standard. Samsung had just released the Omnia: At the time, smart phone development was comparatively early-stage and browsers on these devices were poor.
But Wroblewski seemingly saw past what they were and looked to what they'd become. He was perhaps able to see to where we are now – a moment in time where more than 80% of UK adults have a smartphone. Where device adoption and development continues at a pace. With 4G connections now standard and super-fast 5G, expected just a few years ahead. Device screens getting thinner, sharper, brighter, larger and requiring lower and lower power. Pocket processing power thousands of times greater than the once largest Super Computers and that social media, which was itself in its infancy, would deliver advertising revenues of more than $50bn just 7 years later.
Perhaps what he saw however, was far more simplistic. Apple and other smartphone manufacturers had ramped up their investment in smartphone devices. As their adoption grew, so too did the potential for them to get bigger and better. That would only lead to greater adoption, more features and functionality with consumers relying on them more and more than their ‘go to' device. Ultimately, this moment in 2017 where they are the norm, not the exception. That development brings huge opportunities: Among them, an ability to deliver web content specific to those devices. It's been possible for years but, even in 2017, it's not the adopted standard – and it's only just starting to show real signs of going that way.
Referring to the fact that device users tend to be multi-tasking, for example walking down the street while searching, or scrolling while talking, Wroblewski said ‘Partial attention requires focused design'
But why is all of this important and why should you start paying attention?
Let's look at websites and let the stats speak for themselves.
According to Google, 61% of users said they would be unlikely to return to a website they had difficulty using on a mobile device and 40% would visit a competitor site instead. Think about those two numbers alone in the context of your website visitor statistics: What a wasted opportunity! And if that wasn't enough, what about this: smartphone conversion rates are up 64% compared to desktop conversion: Simply, people are more likely to convert on mobile device.
57% of people say they wouldn't recommend a business with a poorly designed mobile site.
88% of consumers who search for a type of local business on a mobile device will call or go to that business within 24 hours.
And, if you still need convincing, how about this? 72% of consumers that land on a poorly designed mobile site will NEVER VISIT AGAIN.
Think about your own device use just for a moment: How many day to day tasks do you carry out on your phone. How many times in a day do you unlock your phone. If you want to search for something, do you walk to a desk or simply reach into your pocket? And if you search on your phone and the website you land on doesn't render properly, what do you do? Persevere or go to the next site that works for you. The one that lets you search for what you want or navigate in just a few clicks to the purchase you want to make.
Now think about your customers. They are no different from you. But while you read this, knowing your site is probably not as optimised as it could or should be, you might have just lost a sale or an opportunity to get the contact details of a lead.
We speak to potential clients regularly and it still surprises us how few of them have considered a mobile element to their websites at all, let alone focusing on mobile first and it's only when we talk about some of these statistics or look at their Google Analytics data that they suddenly see the need to do so.
Mentality is shifting. It's a slow-burn not a sea-change. Even public bodies such as the NHS have begun issuing tenders with a mobile first focus because they can see how patients are using their services differently and that drives an urgent need for change in their online provision.
Our clients are increasingly aware that even if they have 70% of desktop users now, that probably won't be the case in 1, 2 or 3 years from now and changes to their sites should be made sooner rather than later in order that they don't fall behind. We're rebuilding a number of sites for clients right now for this reason.
Again, think about your own device usage and then think about your business website and then call me.
My name is Dominic Compagnone, I'm a Commercial Director at Cyber, a web and software development company and you can always contact me by mobile first: 07989 555775 or if you are one of the 79% of people that reads and replies to email on their smartphone, dominic@cyb.co.uk
I'll be publishing this blog in a number of places including LinkedIn and, to make one final point, that makes it likely you are listening to, or reading this on a mobile device…because that's where more than 60% of their traffic comes from!
I'll leave that with you and I hope to speak to you soon!
QUITO, Ecuador, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- Ecuador's energy crisis shows no sign of easing, but relief may be around the corner after emergency measures were taken by the government to import electricity from Colombia and Peru.
President Rafael Correa warned the country was in for a long haul and faced power shortages that could last over several months. Critics have blamed the government for mismanagement and failing to prepare for the crisis as water levels in the reservoirs depleted during the summer.
Correa, facing rising discontent over the blackouts and rationing, called for "unity" among citizens and urged the people not to believe "demagogues" who blame the government.
The drought is the most severe in four decades and has affected the Paute River hydroelectric plant, the nation's largest.
Ecuador is the second Latin American nation, after Venezuela, to be hit hard by drought attributed by government experts to the El Nino phenomenon. The dipping water levels in the reservoirs at the country's hydroelectric dams brought power generation to a virtual halt, or very low volumes, hitting industries and urban areas.
The damage to Ecuador's economic growth is believed to run into tens of millions of dollars, analysts said. In the industrial areas, some factories were brought to a stop and most manufacturing plants and workshops received rationed power well below their normal needs.
Storage of perishables throughout the country has been undermined by the power cuts and has already resulted in severe financial losses for businesses and households.
Ecuador was hit hard in the late 1990s by the reverse of the current weather upheaval, as the country received vast amounts of rain, causing flooding, landslides and draining of nutrients from water that killed off marine life.
Ecuador's Electricity and Renewable Energy Minister Esteban Albornoz said the government expected to reduce rationing times for electricity transmissions. However, he said, suspension of supplies after normal work hours could still continue, raising questions about industries that depend on refrigeration or have to be on a 24-hour work schedule.
Last week Ecuador negotiated with Peru to import about 1,200 megawatts of electricity per hour, and also persuaded Colombia to increase supplies.
Ecuador has faced criticism from neighbors, particularly Peru, for spending cash resources on military purchases while the economy is in dire need of new investments. Analysts said the power shortages are likely to increase pressure on Correa's government to review its recent arms purchases, including military hardware from Brazil. Ecuador says it needs the weapons because of heightened security precautions and rising tensions in the region.
Like it or not, most painting projects require more than one coat of paint. Whether it takes place over one or more days, we're still faced with cleaning our brushes between coats. To make this task less taxing, turn to your freezer.
As anybody who has cleaned latex paint from a paintbrush knows, the majority of the paint comes out in the first five or ten seconds. It's the next ten to fifteen minutes that are devoted to getting the brush squeaky clean. Well, to save yourself some time and aggravation, after that first flush, just blot the brush with a couple of paper towels or rag. Tuck the brush in a plastic shopping bag–preferably one with no holes–squeeze out the excess air, twist tie the bag shut and place the bagged brush in your freezer.
When you're ready for the second coat, just take the brush out of the bag, run it under hot water to thaw it, squeeze the water out with a rag or paper towels, and start painting. When you're done with your painting project completely, then knock yourself out cleaning the brushes, but not before.
(P.S. I've frozen rollers as well, although they take up more space in the freezer, of course.)
There's no delicate way to put this -- America's getting fatter. And women have taken the lead.
A report Tuesday says more than 40 percent of women are obese, which is based on body mass. On the other hand, 35 percent of men are obese.
Will food label makeover encourage healthy eating?
Many experts have identified sugar as the enemy, and some cities are declaring war.
Across the country the obesity epidemic is on the rise. In the city of Baltimore, one out of three kids is obese or overweight.
"Here in Baltimore city it is our duty to make sure that parents have the most accurate information to make the best choices for their kids," said city heath commissioner Dr. Leana Wen.
It's not the first time the soda industry has been targeted. In July, San Francisco will be the first to require health warnings on advertisements for these drinks. In 2014, Berkeley, California, became the only city to impose a 1 cent an ounce sugar tax.
Philadelphia wants to go even further. Mayor Jim Kenney is proposing taxing soda at three cents an ounce.
"They have been selling a product for generation that made them multi-billionaires. We just want a little piece of it back," he said.
The plan says the city could raise $400 million in the course of five years. Where would that money go?
"That money would go to expanded quality pre-k for about 8 to 10,000 kids in our city for the next four years," said Kenney.
The American Beverage Association has spent more than $3 million fighting the Philadelphia sugar tax. They say this bill will cost jobs and unfairly impact low income families.
Ellen Valentino is an executive vice president of the Maryland Beverage Association.
"The beverage companies are taking the lead on educating the public," she said. "You have calorie counts at the tip of your fingers so do we need government mandates do we need bans and restrictions on popular products we don't."
Illinois is now also considering a similar tax to offset state debts. It's worth mentioning that soda consumption is at a 30 year low.
Giovanni Guerrero says he has been "staying in more and more lately."
The third-year aerospace engineering student at California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo is both a member of the LGBT community and Mexican-American, and he feels especially vulnerable after a highly divisive election campaign that was accompanied by a rise in various types of hate crimes.
"I mean, [living] in California is a lot safer and I'm grateful for that … [but] anti-LGBT people are very pumped now," he said.
Guerrero's anxiety is shared by many lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender Americans, as evidenced by the Trevor Project, a nonprofit group that works to prevent suicides among LGBT youth. The project's national suicide hotline for LGBT youth received more than twice its normal call volume in the two days after the presidential election.
Trevor Project spokesman Steve Mendelsohn told VOA the crisis center received an average of 150 to 175 calls, texts or online messages a day last December. In the week following the November election this year, the number of contacts was up to 230 a day.
"There's a lot of fear out there … [and] the anxiety was heightened after the election. … They're worried they will lose their rights," Mendelsohn said.
Mendelsohn said people who contacted the hotline disclosed anxiety about their personal safety as well as fears they would be forced into conversion therapy or that laws establishing marriage equality would be reversed after Donald Trump assumes the presidency in January.
Trump's LGBT position
During his campaign, Trump vowed to appoint justices to the Supreme Court who would reverse a ruling making same-sex marriage legal in all 50 states, though he later said the current law was "settled" and he was comfortable with it. Vice President-elect Mike Pence has long been suspected by the LGBT community of supporting conversion therapy, the practice of trying to change someone's sexual orientation. In a recent New York Times interview, Pence's spokesman denied this.
The former Indiana governor supported the state's religious freedom law in 2015, which lets people and companies assert that their exercise of religion has been or is likely to be substantially burdened as a defense in legal proceedings. Critics say this permits discrimination against the LGBT community.
Gregory Angelo, president of Log Cabin Republicans — a leading group of conservatives fighting for LGBT inclusion in the Republican Party — said a lot of the fear people are experiencing stems from myths that were perpetuated by Democrats during the campaign. He said Trump was the "most pro-LGBT" Republican nominee ever.
Trump, he said, is "someone who has reached out directly to the LGBT community during his campaign and who said, and I quote, 'I will be a real friend to the LGBT community.' "
But to Guerrero, the current environment favors those who have a "dark" attitude, exemplified by a man who yelled "faggot" recently at some of his friends who were holding hands.
"It's obvious that a lot of people are more comfortable in showing their opinions, which come off as racist and homophobic," he said.
Heightened anxiety
In an online survey of primary and secondary school educators across the country, the Southern Poverty Law Center's Teaching Tolerance project contacted more than 10,000 teachers, counselors, administrators and others working with youth in schools.
Ninety percent reported that the climate in their schools had been negatively affected since the election, and most of them said they thought the impact would be long-lasting.
"There's certainly a lot of anti-LGBT harassment reported," said Maureen Costello, director of Teaching Tolerance and the study's author.
Eight in 10 educators reported heightened anxiety on the part of marginalized students, including LGBT students, immigrants, Muslims and African-Americans.
"LGBT kids, immigrants or kids perceived as immigrants are very anxious about the future and they have now suffered this harassment, and that doesn't go away," Costello said.
Angelo said he would not discredit anyone's personal experience, but that he thought the anxiety about the LGBT community's future under Trump was ill-founded.
"This notion that conversion therapy is going to be forced upon LGBT Americans or whether marriage equality is going to go away are not statements that Mr. Trump made during the course of his campaign and certainly are not of any policy agenda for the Trump administration," he said.
In July, Angelo described himself as "mad as hell" at the Republican Party's platform, which was drawn up during the campaign. The platform opposed marriage equality and included language affirming conversion therapy, supporting adoption agencies that deny gay couples the right to adopt, and endorsing Pence's religious freedom bill. Angelo described it as the "most anti-LGBT platform in the party's history."
But now, he said he's keeping an open mind, giving Trump and Pence a chance to lead.
"[Trump] has already condemned anyone who is bullying or harassing other people and using his election as a justification," he said.
Meanwhile, Guerrero said anxiety and fear were taking him and his friends back in time.
"I don't want to feel that I have to get used to this type of life where I'm always hiding from my personal identity," Guerrero said.
Autism is often associated with an impaired ability to reason about another person's thoughts and actions. But new research suggests that individuals with autism spectrum disorder can predict the actions of others just as well as those without ASD in some cases.
In the study, 30 high-functioning adults with ASD and 51 adults without ASD participated in a simple game known as the Beauty Contest. In order to win the game, players must think of the strategies the other players will use based on their beliefs about how other people will behave.
The study found no discernable difference in the manner in which adults with and without ASD responded in the Beauty Contest.
The findings were recently published in the peer-reviewed scientific journal Cognition. PsyPost interviewed the study's corresponding author, Peter C. Pantelis of Indiana University-Bloomington. Read his responses below:
PsyPost: Why were you interested in this topic?
Pantelis: I study what psychologists call ‘theory of mind'—our ability to reason about other people's mental states (goals, beliefs, intentions, etc.). When I was in graduate school, a paper by Camerer & Fehr (2006) got me interested in an economic game called the Beauty Contest, because I thought it really tapped into theory of mind in a very elegant way.
The game goes like this: Everyone picks a (whole) number between 0 and 100. The winner is the person whose selection comes closest to the 2/3 of the mean of all numbers chosen.
Consider the number you would choose. Although according to game theory, “rational” players should all say “0,” people typically give a wide variety of answers. Some will answer randomly (on average, 50). Some will assume the other players will answer randomly, and so give an answer that's 2/3 of what random players would say, on average (~33). But then some will take a more sophisticated strategy, accounting for *the beliefs players may have about other players' beliefs.* For example, they may *believe that others believe other players will answer randomly*, and therefore select 2/3 of 33 (something like 22). Or they may dive even deeper into this reasoning process, selecting 2/3 of 2/3 of 33…and so on and so forth. Analyzing the responses a group of individual players make in this game gives you some very interesting insight into how they might be reasoning about the strategies of the other players—a potentially complex reasoning process about other people's minds.
At the same time, I was also becoming interested in autism spectrum disorder (ASD), because it has been a longstanding hypothesis that people with this condition have particular trouble with theory of mind—Especially when it's the kind of situation where you have to reason about the mind of another person who, *in turn,* is representing the mental states of others. Not that there aren't many perspectives and hypotheses about how to fundamentally characterize ASD, but this has been a pretty popular take for a long time (Simon Baron-Cohen made it popular in the 1980s).
So when I got the opportunity to work with adults with ASD as a postdoc, I finally got a chance to see how these individuals would approach the Beauty Contest.
What should the average person take away from your study?
First of all, I'm trying to build an important bridge between two areas of scientific study: theory of mind (which has been a special focus for developmental psychologists for decades), and game theory (especially as adapted relatively recently by behavioral economists, in a way that often captures actual human behavior quite well). In both cases, we're concerned with how people reason about how people are likely to act, based on what they know, and what they are trying to do. But there hasn't been much of a connection made between the two fields until fairly recently (through the work of researchers like Rosemarie Nagel, Colin Camerer, Wako Yoshida, and a few others).
I think studying theory of mind using the tools and modeling approaches of game theory (especially the ‘behavioral game theory' version) could yield some great insights, especially in the study of ASD. I was surprised to learn how few experiments have actually been done to see how people with ASD approach economic games—I could find less than five studies of this kind in the entire literature.
And that literature is a bit of a mixed bag. I found that high-functioning adults with ASD (on average with the same IQ as the control group in the study) gave a virtually identical distribution of responses when they played the Beauty Contest game. That was surprising to me, given that this game to me seems very likely to tap into some pretty complex reasoning about other people's minds—and people with ASD are supposedly not very good at that. On the other hand, it's an explicit, abstract task for which participants are extrinsically motivated (they get money if they win the game). Increasingly, I get the sense that the most persistent deficits in ASD—the ones most likely to persist into adulthood—might be more related to how attentional and perceptual processes spontaneously interact with “theory of mind” in dynamic, real-world scenarios.
Are there any major caveats? What questions still need to be addressed?
Some people didn't buy that the Beauty Contest is a “real” test of theory of mind. I would agree that when people answer randomly, then of course they aren't really tapping into their theory of mind. But when they have to explicitly reason about the strategies other people may bring to the game, and when that often involves some pretty complex reasoning about the beliefs other players may have about what *you* might do—well, if that's not theory of mind, I don't know what is.
I like this task because, although the reasoning process you can bring to it can be quite complex, the game itself is very simple. There are no complex social cues you have to perceptually process. The math involved is trivial (and we allow subjects to use a calculator or pen and paper if they want).
Some other, more “canonical” tests of theory of mind actually mix quite a few things together, which makes interpreting performance on them difficult. For example, consider the “Reading the Mind in the Eyes” task (developed by Baron-Cohen and colleagues in 1997), which has been used in hundreds of studies and cited thousands of times. You see a cropped photo of the region around a person's eyes, then must choose (out of four provided options, in the revised version of the task) what emotion you think the person is experiencing.
One critical part of that task is the social ability to read subtle cues to emotion from the eye region of another person. But then there is the vocabulary of emotion words you bring to the study, and your ability to map the emotion you infer from the eyes to the “correct” label. And some of the word choices might be a priori more salient than others to begin with—another variable thrown into the mix.
This is often framed as a bona fide “mentalizing” or “theory of mind” task, but even though it draws on quite a few perceptual and cognitive processes (like those I just listed), one ability that it doesn't actually require is explicitly representing the mental state of the person. You can “read” the social cue; you don't need a richer representation of the inner workings of the person's mind to arrive at a response. There isn't even any context that might make it a more complex inference.
Is there anything else you would like to add?
I am encouraged that there is an interdisciplinary literature emerging that is finally building bridges between developmental psychology, economics, and cognitive science/computer science. More and more you see computational modeling or game theoretic approaches being brought to bear on the study of theory of mind. Our study extends this collaboration into clinical psychology, an approach which I think should yield some truly novel insights into disorders like ASD in the near future. Be on the lookout for more and more “computational psychiatry” papers, in which rigorous modeling approaches are applied to clinical populations (there's been some especially interesting schizophrenia research being done with this approach) in ways that have only recently been made possible through intense multidisciplinary collaborations.
The study, “Autism does not limit strategic thinking in the ‘beauty contest' game“, was also co-authored by Daniel P. Kennedy.
This article is over 3 years old
Communications minister offers a step-by-step guide to taking trams and a train from Melbourne in wake of Bronwyn Bishop's $5,000 helicopter flight
Malcolm Turnbull has helpfully provided a step-by-step guide on how to get from Melbourne to Geelong using public transport, showing that travel by land can be just as fun as taking a helicopter.
While it is not unusual for the multimillionaire communications minister to inform everyone regularly that he catches public transport – as if it is not a grim morning and afternoon reality for the rest of us – this trip is particularly pertinent for Bronwyn Bishop.
The Speaker has been under pressure after it emerged she did not get the memo about the end of the age entitlement.
Bishop is refusing to provide documentation to justify her travel claim after attending the former Liberal MP Sophie Mirabella's wedding in 2006.
She first came under pressure for hailing a $5,000 helicopter to a Liberal party function last year and then handing taxpayers the bill for a trip from Melbourne to Geelong – which would usually take about an hour by road.
Turnbull has now revealed that the trip can be done in about 90 minutes by catching trams and then a train.
Malcolm Turnbull (@TurnbullMalcolm) After 2 interesting tram trips last night now on the 109 on Collins St to Sth Cross to get the train to Geelong to visit @SHendersonMP
Malcolm Turnbull (@TurnbullMalcolm) A conductor checked my myki to confirm I had tapped on. So flattered he thought I was fit enough to have been able to leap over the barrier
Malcolm Turnbull (@TurnbullMalcolm) At Sth Geelong station with @SHendersonMP before going to Torquay to inspect the @NBN_Australia rollout. pic.twitter.com/PWJI7dBNAD
In case you had any doubts about whether such a trip was thrilling enough to warrant live tweeting:
Malcolm Turnbull (@TurnbullMalcolm) @ISupportTony you should lighten up. Trains and trams are fun. Meet new people. See new sights. Avoid road rage.
He even posted footage on his Instagram page:
Qatar has a "vision and target" of hosting a Summer Olympics and will bid to hold future games, a senior member of the Gulf country's Olympics committee said Monday.
Thani Al-Kuwari added that the country would undoubtedly bid to host an Olympics, maybe as early as the 2028 games.
Kuwari pointed to the fact that Qatar is busy building facilities which could be used at an Olympics, for such events as the World Athletics Championships in 2019, the football World Cup in 2022 and the 2023 FINA world swimming championships.
Qatar, which has come under huge international criticism for alleged corruption and its record on workers rights since being awarded the football World Cup, previously unsuccessfully bid to host the 2020 Summer Olympics, which will be hosted in Japan.
...
A few nights ago I was coming home from an open mic and had to wait for a bus to go home. It was late, around midnight, and I wanted to avoid any unnecessary interaction. I even walked an extra block to wait at a different stop with one of those glass-shelters, because I feel more protected.
The reason for this, is on a different night, same place, months earlier, I left a show and was waiting at that “out in the open” bus stop. I was wearing a dress, and a guy grabbed my thigh from behind, as he was walking by with his friend. You know, typical “boys will be boys” stuff. It sucked because I was on the phone with my SO, telling him how the show went, and he had to hear me react to this, then I had to tell him what happened. It ruined both of our nights, and a nice conversation.
So I'm waiting for the bus a few nights ago, tired, alone, huddled in the corner of the glass bus stop shelter, intentionally trying to be less visible while I waited for the bus after a long night. I further disengaged myself by playing a game on my phone to appear as unapproachable as possible. However, I got approached anyway, interrupted, and hit on by a guy I didn't know.
Based on countless experiences, any time this happens I have the same response.
Every muscle in my body tightened. I was startled. All of the lengths I went to avoid exactly this, had failed me. Now… now I have to engage. I have to deal with this. I just want to go home, but now I have to do this other thing. Because I'm a female. Out here. I'm out here, and when men talk to me, I have no choice but to deal with it. Every time, no matter how I'm feeling.
More questions than I could acknowledge ran through my brain. Is this innocent? I hope so. If it isn't, are there people around? If I reject him too harshly will he get angry? Why else would someone try to pick up a woman alone at a bus stop at night unless they had the total lack of awareness? What else does he lack? My sense of safety? And most importantly, how can I make him go away as quickly as possible?
Thankfully the bus came right after this, and he wasn't getting on it, so he walked away, and I was relieved of any more interaction with this guy. I was relieved it had ended simply. The relief of course, only present because so many times, it does not end simply or easily.
Because I knew my experience was not unique, I made a light FB post about it, to get it off my chest.
The hashtags of course are indicating sarcasm. My experience was not unique as a woman, therefore it's not unique as a woman doing comedy in a populated city, without a car. All of us, in order to do the same exact thing as our male counterparts, have to “expect” this reality of unwanted attention, and the even harsher reality that we have to deal with it when it happens, because that's just “part of it” for us. Thus, our night doesn't end with a good or bad set, an exchange of words with a few of our colleagues, or the total relief that once we go onstage we're “done for the night.” The next thing we have to “do” is got home.
Context, is what makes this fucked up. I wasn't sitting at a bar with friends, or with lots of people around in a social setting. This kind of setting would be a safe place for a person to approach another person with “cute” but innocent pickup line, see how it played out, and either strike a conversation, or be on their way. What so many people fail to see about women “complaining” about being talked to in public, is that it's always an instance where our blatant body language and actions indicating our disinterest in a conversation is disregarded completely.
Holy shit, no one is saying don't hit on anyone. Being hit on when you're open and into is great, as it is to hit on someone else. Flirtation makes the world go round, the sexy time happen, and (hopefully) lots of orgasms. I'm all for it. When it's fucking welcome.
Men going up to women outside, no matter what she is doing, because, basically, he saw her, and now he wants to talk to her, is not welcome. I'm just trying to live my life…and sometimes that requires me being outside.
By now a lot of you reading this are probably thinking, “But Rachel, I know these things, you're preaching to the choir!
I know, hunny, that's why I threw up that story as a status update, thinking I could get some acknowledgement and be done with it. Right?
Wrong.
Funny thing is, the first reactions to my post in the comments, where mostly dudes “giving me advice” on things I could do or say to “freak out guys” who hit on me in these situations. Because we all know that sanity, attractiveness, and even good hygiene have everything to do with sexual entitlement. One person suggested I act crazy, a few suggested I imply I have an STD, others chimed in with their clever sarcastic one-liners that I “could have” for the next time. After all, this has only been happening to me for 20 years. Do, enlighten me.
But they eventually got it, as one guy so eloquently brought up:
Thanks. And ouch. And no shit. And OUCH.
That approach. Any approach. A non-approach. Any effort. No effort. I have to think this, every second of every day. This outfit, this sentence, this time of night, these shoes, this hair, these earrings, this joke, this FB/tweet/tumblr post, this breath, this walk, this voice, this lipstick…can all get me raped. Give a round of applause for yourselves, ladies and gentlemen.
It didn't end there. My post instilled so much uproar in another male comic, he referenced it in a closed FB group, out of context. Since most of this happened in a closed group and for the sake of consistency, the sake of stripping potential egos, and for respecting “privacy,” everyone's identities will be hidden on my part.
I guess if David Letterman were trying to hit on me at a bus stop, I should be lucky, right? #BigBreak #sikenah #ew
The same person then posted this topic, in the same closed group, still riled by my “complaining” on my own FB timeline.
Please stop and note: despite the fact that at this point I had not once brought up the prospect of “me getting raped,” but two male comedians referenced “me getting raped” with no prompting….yet somehow, some way, I'm complaining and being sensitive about “me getting raped.”
What the shitting fuck.
I assure you, you can believe what happened next.
Since the topic of me, and what I said, was dragged into a group of mostly male comics, who don't perform often in the city, and basically use the group as a forum for shitting on anything and everything, when I reluctantly stepped up to the plate, I was hit with a barrage of dudes (who still didn't know what my original post was about) telling me I was comparing “saying hello” to “rape”.
He explains his comment was about people with “agendas” in reference to the “I could be raped” feminist-comedienne (what?) culture. So, to get away from the painful “rape” word, I attempted to “soften” the conversation by using “sexual assault/harassment” (I hate myself so hard for saying that. Seriously, all my women's studies professors are crying right now). Brace yourselves.
For the record, no one ever “said hello” to me either. The record is online. It's public. You can read it. Suddenly, the issue wasn't me anymore. It was now, every woman, ever, who had “complained” about being harassed, assaulted, raped, etc…..but still stemming from my personal bus stop story.
AN EPIDEMIC. HIDE YOUR CHILDREN AND WIVES CAUSE FEMINISTS JUST FOUND OUT THEY CAN TELL THE JOKES!
But wait, there's more. Dude one backs out, dude 2 steps in.
So, I went and quoted this…in case he missed it…..
Remember????
Even though the “rape” word was brought up by first dude, the blame for the terminology weirdly kept falling on me. This back and forth went on, as dude 2 continued attempting to lead me in exhausting circular non-arguments. He asked me if I watched TV show I hadn't seen, and it didn't matter, so I ignored it. He then fixated on the fact that I refused to address his question on whether or not I had seen a TV show (because, staying on topic is hard). Then, this happened…
Wondering if I talked about anything else besides rape, sexual harassment, and sexual assault? All of which was brought up by another dude, who didn't like my FB post, that never contained anything about rape, sexual assault or sexual harassment?
Are we seeing a pattern here? I didn't ask for it (or did I?????) but now I'm being forced to debate rape, sexual harassment, and sexual assault and ultimately “rape culture” with a bunch of guys online who don't think it exists, and it makes them angry. Very angry.
I'm reliving the experience of having to deal with entitlement, the demand for attention, the demand for an explanation…a good one, to prove that what I'm saying is worthy, is real, is valid, should be heard and retained, not forgotten and joked about because my life is someone else's fucking internet debate.
Once again, ouch.
It's not over. Dude 3 tags in.
Can I get a crying cat face emoji up in here?
I at some point grew tired of this and did what I often do, use humor to vent my frustrations with society in this tweet right here (that linked to FB). Lo and behold, Dude 1 is back:
They think I like this.
*came*
Thao Doan is accused of an improper relationship with a student, according to court documents.
A Dallas Independent School District student convinced a teacher to pay him $28,000 in exchange for keeping their sexual relationship a secret from police, according to court documents obtained by The Dallas Morning News.
Investigators were contacted earlier this month by a parent who said her child, a former student at Quintanilla Middle School, had been getting large amounts of money from a current teacher at the school.
Police identified the accused teacher as 27-year-old Thao Doan.
Doan admitted to conversing with the student via social media and text messages while the student was attending Quintanilla Middle School, according to police.
Developing Judge Issues Arrest Warrant for Dallas City Councilman
In court documents, Doan admits the conversations eventually turned romantic. In July 2015, Doan picked the student up at his home and drove to a nearby park, where they had sex.
The two engaged in sexual behavior on numerous other occasions in 2015.
Doan told police that in January 2016, she started receiving messages from unknown subjects demanding money. The person told her that in exchange for payment, he wouldn't tell police about the illegal relationship or release copies of the text messages between her and the student.
The demands for cash persisted throughout 2016, totaling to about $28,000, court papers show.
Doan had sex with the student again as recently as December, according to her affidavit.
Doan was arrested last week and was released after paying a $25,000 bond.
Dallas ISD confirmed to NBC 5 Doan was placed on administrative leave.
Preseason games are underway and the 2011-2012 NBA season is days from finally beginning. Better late than never. As always, we take you across the league and give you the veterans, the dinosaurs and geezers of the NBA, still making it to work for a decent amount of money.
Lindsey Hunter and Shaquille O'Neal, the “winners” of the previous incarnations of this list, no longer play basketball for a living, so it's time for the “younger” guys to step up. We've got a new number one, who edges out his runner-up by one fine autumn day in October of 1972.
Number 10 – Anthony Carter, Toronto Raptors, 36
The veteran point guard will begin his 13th seasons in 2011-2012, playing for the Toronto Raptors, hoping to squeeze in some minutes behind Jose Calderon and Jared Bayless. This is Anthony Carter's (born June 16, 1976) sixth NBA team. He played 33 games last season for both the Knicks and the Denver Nuggets, averaging 3.3 points and 2.1 assists on 14 minutes a night.
Number 9 – Jerry Stackhouse, Atlanta Hawks, 37
A return to the NBA for Stackhouse who sat out most of last season. He was signed by the Heat early on, but got waived after only one month and 7 games for the team to make way for Erick Dampier. At 37, Stackhouse signed with the Atlanta Hawks, his 7th NBA team in what will be his 17th NBA season. A decade ago Stackhouse was one of the best scorers in the league, averaging 29.8 points per game for the Pistons in 2000-2001. For Miami, in those 7 games, he averaged 1.7 points in 7 minutes a night. He'll get more playing time with the Hawks.
Number 8 – Ben Wallace, Detroit Pistons, 37
Back with the Detroit Pistons for a third straight season on his second tenure with the team has been making more news of late for his off court problems, avoiding jail time for his DUI arrest, eventually getting a year probation. It'll be Ben Wallace's 16th NBA season. He averaged 2.9 points and 6.5 rebounds last season in 22.9 minutes a night. He'll be backing up Greg Monroe this year.
Number 7 – Derek Fisher, Los Angeles Lakers, 37
Derek Fisher was probably the busiest player these past five months, leading the NBA players' union in the long and seemingly never ending NBA lockout. As a player, Fisher will be the Lakers' starting point guard for another season, despite his gradually dropping contribution. Last season he averaged 6.8 points while shooting %38.9 from the field. He'll be starting his 16th NBA season, most of them with the Lakers. He's a five time NBA champions for those who forgot.
Number 6 – Marcus Camby, Portland Trail Blazers, 37
Marcus Camby's aging and hurting body is taking him into another season, his 16th. Starting his second year with the Blazers, Camby will be the starter in a center crew that included Kurt Thomas and Greg Oden. He played in 59 games last season, averaging 4.7 points and 10.3 rebounds per game. Camby was the NBA's defensive player of the year in 2006-2007.
Number 5 – Steve Nash, Phoenix Suns, 37
Moving up two spots from last year's list, Steve Nash is still a Phoenix Suns player, despite the constant trade rumors for the past few years. Nash simply said – I want to stay with my team. Nash led the league in assists for the fifth time in his career in 2010-2011, averaging 11.4 assists per game. His sixth on the all-time assists list with 9252. This will be his 16th NBA season and his 10th (not consecutively) in Arizona.
Number 4 – Jason Kidd, Dallas Mavericks, 38
Jason Kidd, NBA champion. Finally, these words can be written at the start of a season. Kidd is a wonder in my eyes. Rapidly approaching 40 and a guy who was injured more than once during the earlier parts of his career, he hasn't played less than 80 games for the last six seasons. His scoring numbers dropped to 7.9 last season, but he's still dishing 8.2 assists per game, his defense in the NBA finals was great and he's still playing well over 30 minutes a night.
Number 3 – Juwan Howard, Miami Heat, 38
Yes, someone from Michigan's Fab Five is still playing in the NBA. Howard, who didn't start one of his 57 games for the Miami Heat last season, begins his 18th NBA season. He averaged 2.4 points and 2.1 rebounds a game last season. If Udonis Haslem remains healthy, Howard will be playing less than that.
Number 2 – Grant Hill, Phoenix Suns, 39
Grant Hill is a great case for “what if…” regarding injuries and how his career would have looked like if he hadn't missed so many games. Still, last season he actually had his best season scoring average-wise with 13.2 points per game, his best since the 2006-2007 season with the Orlando Magic. He re-signed with the Suns this week. Hard to leave Steve Nash alone in the desert. Hill needs 52 games to reach 1000 regular season games.
Number 1 – Kurt Thomas, Portland Trail Blazers, 39
Going by the last two seasons, the guy who starts as the oldest player in the NBA before each season ends up retiring eventually. Kurt Thomas will start his 17th NBA season, making his ninth stop on his NBA tour. It began in 1995 with the Miami Heat, just so you know. Thomas averaged 4.1 points and 5.8 rebounds last season for the Bulls, although his playing time was severely reduces in the playoffs. He was perfect from three point last season, attempting only one shot and making it.
Yes, I have three sons.
One is the Compassionate Scholar.
The second is the Bohemian Musician.
And the youngest is the Irascible Writer.
Each is different, and each possess a killer, nearly subversive sense of humor. Alas, I cannot fathom its origin.
For the moment, only the writer has a WordPress blog (that I know of), and. . . well, let's just say their mother and I succeeded in instilling a sense of confidence and self-worth. Ah hem. . .
His last couple of posts are meant to illustrate his editing process. He is certain you'll be mesmerized. I decided I had to share this link, since he wished me a happy birthday on it yesterday, and he was so very demanding.
A quick and breezy draft.
Related articles
White House officials are trying to defend their formerly secret surveillance of many Americans' cellphone conversations, claiming that conversations aren't being recorded.
“On its face, the order reprinted in the article does not allow the government to listen in on anyone's telephone calls,” the official told Politico.
Hill Democrats say they want more information about the surveillance.
“I think [officials] have an obligation to respond immediately,” Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden said on CNN.
Officials in Bush's administration say Obama is validating Bush's policies.
“Drone strikes. Wiretaps. Gitmo. O is carrying out Bush's 4th term,” said a 9:10 a.m. tweet from Ari Fleischer, a former Bush spokesman.
“Yet he attacked Bush 4 violating Constitution. #hypocrisy,” he added.
“And just to be clear & so silent liberals understand, I support President O's anti-terror actions. They're bi-partisan now,” Fleischer said in a second tweet.
The administration's extensive surveillance of phone conversations by Verizon customers is likely intended to detect U.S.-based jihadis who are communicating with supporters overseas and in the United States.
By using computers to track who talks to whom, dubbed “traffic analysis,” intelligence experts can link known jihadis with known or suspected supporters in the growing population of Muslim immigrants in the United States.
The program apparently is not trying to listen to actual conversations.
Under federal law, such wiretapping requires a different set of court approvals. It is also very expensive and labor-intensive.
That's the defense initially offered by the White House. “The information acquired does not include the content of any communications or the name of any subscriber. It relates exclusively to metadata, such as a telephone number or the length of a call,” the official told Politico.
The far-reaching surveillance was exposed by an article in the left-wing British newspaper, the Guardian, and sharply contrasts with the presidents's campaign-trail criticism of anti-jihad measures by President George W. Bush.
“I will provide our intelligence and law enforcement agencies with the tools they need to track and take out the terrorists without undermining the constitution and our freedom,” he declared in an August 2007 speech.
WATCH:
“That means no more illegal wiretapping of American citizens, no more national security letters to spy on citizens who are not suspected of a crime,” he said at the speech, titled “The War We need to Win.”
“No more tracking citizens who do nothing more than protest a misguided war [and] no more ignoring the law when it is convenient,” he said to the audience at thew Wilson Center.
“That is not who we are and it is not what is necessary to defeat the terrorists,” Obama said.
In this case, Obama's use of “terrorists” likely referred to Islamic jihadis motivated by Islamic ideology.
“The [Foreign Intelligence Surveillance] court works. The separation of powers works. Our Constitution works,” Obama continued.
“We will again set an example for the world that the law is not subject to whims of stubborn rulers and that justice is not arbitrary. This administration is acting like violating civil liberties the way to enhance our security. It is not. There are no shortcuts to protecting America.”
Follow Neil on Twitter
Nebraska football is well-known for churning out running backs, but as we move towards the future, the Huskers are beginning to develop some quality pass catchers as well.
Say what you will about the Bill Callahan era, but what it lacked in wins, trophies or self-esteem, it did give Nebraska football fans two great things: Ndamukong Suh and an introduction to how receivers were, in fact, the future.
His successor, Bo Pelini, would hire offensive coordinators that weren't shy about putting the ball in the air and made some of the receivers on this list household names.
This continued on even after Pelini was removed and Mike Riley made Lincoln his home.
With quarterback-molding buddy Danny Langsdorf in tow, there was no doubt Nebraska could take advantage of new quality receiver prospects.
Let's have a look back in Husker History and see not only where the Big Red is headed, but where the bar has been placed by those that came before.
10. Terrence Nunn
One of the iconic members of the Callahan receiver corps, Nunn stuck by his coach's side for the entirety of his tenure (2004-2007). In the process, Nunn would rack up 1,762 yards during his career, good for No. 5 in the Nebraska football record books to date.
He's also tied at No. 10 for touchdown catches in a single season with seven.
Nunn was easily one of the most reliable receivers on Callahan's teams, averaging 441 yards per season. That might not sound like much after several years of Taylor Martinez and Tommy Armstrong at the helm.
However, numbers like these helped ease the toe of Husker Nation back into the pond of passing game enjoyment in addition to the rough and tumble running game.
New Media Player With DLNA Announced for PS4, Coming Tonight
Giuseppe Nelva June 15, 2015 8:57:39 PM EST
During the pre-show of Sony's press conference, the house of PlayStation announced that DLNA is coming to the PS4, alongside a new Media Player.
The feature is actually going to be released tonight, and supports video, music and photos.
If you're one of the few that don't know what DLNA is, you can check out a handy explanation here.
We'll finally be able to stream our media across our home network. Considering how much the feature was requested by the fans, this is definitely a step in the right direction.
Below you can find a list of supported formats:
MKV
Visual: H.264/MPEG-4 AVC High Profile Level4.2
Audio: MP3, AAC LC, AC-3(Dolby Digital)
AVI
Visual: MPEG4 ASP, H.264/MPEG-4 AVC High Profile Level4.2
Audio: MP3, AAC LC, AC-3(Dolby Digital)
MP4
Visual: H.264/MPEG-4 AVC High Profile Level4.2
Audio: AAC LC, AC-3(Dolby Digital)
MPEG-2 TS
Visual: H.264/MPEG-4 AVC High Profile Level4.2, MPEG2 Visual
Audio: MP2(MPEG2 Audio Layer 2), AAC LC, AC-3(Dolby Digital)
AVCHD: (.m2ts, .mts)
Photo
JPEG (based on DCF 2.0/Exif 2.21)
BMP
PNG
Music
MP3
AAC (M4A)
Dear Friends
How do you organize an AI project?
AI, Machine Learning and Deep Learning are transforming numerous industries. I have been writing a book, Machine Learning Yearning, to teach you how to structure Machine Learning projects.
This book is focused not on teaching you ML algorithms, but on how to make ML algorithms work. Some technical AI classes will give you a hammer; this book teaches you how to use the hammer. If you aspire to be a technical leader in AI and want to learn how to set direction for your team, this book will help.
​
After reading Machine Learning Yearning, you will be able to:​
​
Prioritize the most promising directions for an AI project
Diagnose errors in a machine learning system
Build ML in complex settings, such as mismatched training/test sets
Set up an ML project to compare to and/or surpass human-level performance
Know when and how to apply end-to-end learning, transfer learning, and multi-task learning
Historically, the only way to learn how to make these "strategy" decisions has been a multi-year apprenticeship in a graduate program or company. I am writing Machine Learning Yearning to help you quickly gain this skill so that you can become better at building AI systems.
The book will be around 100 pages, and contain many easy-to-read 1-2 page chapters. If you would like to receive a draft of each chapter as it is finished, please sign up for the mailing list.
May 23rd, 2014 – The day known as ChomoLUNGma day. We all love craft beer, and we all love fighting cancer. What could possibly be better than doing the latter by doing the former? That is exactly the opportunity craft beer lovers had in Ohio when blossoming brewery Jackie O's celebrated Chomolungma day! Craft beer bars all over the state celebrated Chomolungma day with Jackie O's tap takeovers. Though Cory is currently out of town, I took to a local craft beer bar – ironically named The Local, ran by a good man named Brandon to celebrate Chomolungma day. The Local has a serious killer tap lineup and quite honestly may be one of the best in the entire Toledo area.
If you are unaware of what Chomolungma is, it is the Tibetan word for Mount Everest, and is the namesake of Jackie O's English Brown Ale. The beer, as well as the date selected for Chomolungma day, is in remembrance of the anniversary of Brian Oestrike's summit of Mount Everest. The state-wide event, Chomolungma day is a fundraising event to fight lung cancer, and a portion of all proceeds are given to LUNGevity, a lung cancer awareness and prevention group.
The Local devoted 9 out of their 15 taps to Jackie O's brews, including many that I have never had the opportunity to try! The most awesome part of the event was that with a purchase of Chomolungma, you received a neat Jackie O's commemorative glass!
I started my evening off with, of course, the Chomolungma. I found it to be a decent brown ale (which, admittedly, may be my least favorite style) with outrageously smokey character, a slight touch of honey, but almost no aroma to speak of. It was good, and I was more than happy to support the cause, but I did not find the beer to be anything amazing.
Aside from Chomolungma, I had a glass of Aphrodite's Oil, an imperial stout which had amazing flavor, but was a little thin for my liking.
One of the best beers on tap from Jackie O's was their Matriarch Triple IPA. Coming in at a whopping 11%ABV, it is about as big as a beer can get in Ohio, and trust me when I say, this thing packed a punch. Matriarch is hopped with six different American hop varieties and used five pounds of hops PER BARREL! The aroma on Matriarch was heaven in my olfactory system. Melons, lemons, oranges and other tropical aromas flooded my senses, and it was truly a masterpiece in that department. The flavor was no less beautiful. Orange zest and tropical mangos, pineapples, and star fruit exploded on my tongue. If you can get access to Matriarch – you MUST try it. Props to Brandon at The Local for doing half-pours. With an ABV of 11%, it was awesome to see a bar owner take responsibility for their patrons' drinking and making sure that they don't leave annihilated.
Lastly, I had a healthy pour of Jackie O's Paw Paw Wheat. Now, I know most of you know that the state fruit of Ohio is the Paw Paw.
Our state fruit is strangely tropical (A word never, ever used to describe Ohio) fruit, and Jackie O's used over 500 lbs of Paw Paw to create this brew that has notes of banana, mango and fresh melon. Coming in at 9%ABV, it is another huge beer from Jackie O's and is described as an imperial wheat ale. As I drank it, it immediately reminded me much more of a barleywine than a fruit or wheat ale. The alcohol was subdued on the nose but packed an enormous, warming punch on the taste – way more so than the Matriarch Triple IPA. It was really flavorful, but quite honestly not my cup of tea – er – beer. I am not a huge fan of barleywine brews, and this was basically a barleywine in character. If you are a fan of that style, you'd absolutely love it, as it is truly well crafted, and I bet you've never had a beer using Paw Paw!
I had a fantastic time at the event, met some really great people who loved to talk craft beer, tried some fantastic brews, and overall I would call Chomolungma Day at the The Local an amazing success.
Dramatic footage has emerged showing two Venezuelan opposition leaders being dragged away from their homes after controversial elections marred by bloodshed.
Antonio Ledezma and Leopoldo Lopez, high profile critics of President Nicolas Maduro, were hauled out of their houses by intelligence services, relatives say.
The arrests came a day after a vote to choose a much-condemned assembly that supersedes parliament.
US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said the 'illegitimate elections confirm that Maduro is a dictator who disregards the will of the Venezuelan people.'
In one arrest video, Ledezma can be seen being forcibly removed from a building as women scream in the background. Another purportedly shows Lopez being bundled into a vehicle.
Dramatic footage has emerged showing two Venezuelan opposition leaders being dragged away from their homes after controversial elections marred by bloodshed. One clip (above) shows Antonio Ledezma being forcibly removed from his house as women scream in the background
Another purportedly shows Leopoldo Lopez, another high profile critics of President Nicolas Maduro, being bundled into a vehicle
Arrest: The footage shows him Lopez being marched to a vehicle by intelligence services
Antonio Ledezma, a high profile critic of President Nicolas Maduro (pictured), was hauled out of his house by intelligence services, his children say
Lopez and Ledezma were both already under house arrest when they were picked up by the intelligence service.
The two men are Venezuela's most high profile opposition leaders. Both had called for a boycott of Sunday's vote for a so-called and all-powerful constituent assembly tasked with rewriting the constitution.
Both of their families said they held President Nicolas Maduro, the driving force behind the vote, responsible for the leaders' lives.
'They just took Leopoldo away. We do not know where he is or where they are taking him,' Lopez's wife Lilian Tintori said on Twitter.
The children of Ledezma - named Victor, Vanessa and Antonietta - also said on Twitter that the Sebin had taken away their father.
Opposition leaders and local media posted cell phone footage of Ledezma being taken away from his home forcibly.
Opposition lawmaker Freddy Guevara said the arrests were aimed at 'frightening us and demoralising us.'
Opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez (pictured) was arrested at his home, his wife has claimed
The children of Caracas Mayor Antonio Ledezma (pictured) - named Victor, Vanessa and Antonietta - also said on Twitter that the intelligence services had taken away their father
Last night,Maduro brushed off new U.S. sanctions on him and condemnation at home and abroad of the newly chosen constitutional assembly, saying the vote has given him a popular mandate to radically overhaul Venezuela's political system.
Maduro said Monday evening he had no intention of deviating from his plans to rewrite the constitution and go after a string of enemies, from independent Venezuelan news channels to gunmen he claimed were sent by neighbouring Colombia to disrupt the vote as part of an international conspiracy led by the man he calls 'Emperor Donald Trump.'
'They don't intimidate me. The threats and sanctions of the empire don't intimidate me for a moment,' Maduro said on national television. 'I don't listen to orders from the empire, not now or ever ... Bring on more sanctions, Donald Trump.'
A few hours earlier, Washington added Maduro to a steadily growing list of high-ranking Venezuelan officials targeted by financial sanctions, escalating a tactic that has so far failed to alter his socialist government's behavior.
A member of the national guard fires his shotgun at opposition demonstrators during clashes in Caracas over the weekend
For now, the Trump administration did not deliver on threats to sanction Venezuela's oil industry, which could undermine Maduro's government but raise U.S. gas prices and deepen the humanitarian crisis here.
The sanctions came after electoral authorities said more than 8 million people voted Sunday to create a constitutional assembly endowing Maduro's ruling party with virtually unlimited powers - a turnout doubted by independent analysts while the election was labeled illegitimate by leaders across the Americans and Europe.
Venezuela's National Electoral Council said turnout in Sunday's vote was 41.53 percent, or 8,089,320 people. The result would mean the ruling party won more support than it had in any national election since 2013, despite a cratering economy, spiraling inflation, shortages of medicine and malnutrition.
Opinion polls had said some 85 per cent of Venezuelans disapproved of the constitutional assembly and similar numbers disapproved of Maduro's overall performance.
Opposition leaders estimated the real turnout at less than half the government's claim in a vote watched by government-allied observers but no internationally recognised poll monitors.
Violence swept the country on Sunday as Maduro, 54, defied international condemnation to hold elections for a powerful new 'Constituent Assembly'. This was the scene as police clashed with protesters in Caracas yesterday
A policeman receives aid from his colleagues after an explosion at the Altamira Square surroundings in Caracas, Venezuela,
An exit poll based on surveys from 110 voting centers by New York investment bank Torino Capital and a Venezuela public opinion company estimated 3.6 million people voted, or about 18.5 per cent of registered voters.
The electoral council's vote counts in the past had been seen as reliable and generally accurate, but the widely mocked announcement appeared certain to escalate the polarization and political conflict paralyzing the country.
'If it wasn't a tragedy ... if it didn't mean more crisis, the electoral council's number would almost make you laugh,' opposition leader Freddy Guevara said on Twitter. Maduro has threatened that one of the constitutional assembly's first acts would be jailing Guevara for inciting violence.
The constituent assembly will have the task of rewriting the country's constitution and will have powers above and beyond other state institutions, including the opposition-controlled congress.
Maduro has said the new assembly will begin to govern within a week. Among other measures, he said he would use the assembly's powers to bar opposition candidates from running in gubernatorial elections in December unless they sit with his party to negotiate an end to hostilities that have generated four months of protests that have killed at least 120 and wounded nearly 2,000.
Opposition supporters stand behind a barricade as the Constituent Assembly election was being carried out in Caracas, Venezuela yesterday
Protesters attacked polling stations and barricaded streets around the country, drawing a bloody response from security forces, who opened fire with live ammunition in some cases
Opponents have vowed to keep protesting after the election, which was called in a bid to pick a new assembly to rewrite the constitution
Colombia, Mexico, Peru and other nations joined the US in saying they did not recognize the results of Sunday's election, which appointed a new 'Constituent Assembly' superseding Venezuela's legislative body, the opposition-controlled National Assembly.
Maduro's own attorney general, Luisa Ortega - who broke with him months ago over his policies - also said she would not acknowledge the body, calling it part of the president's 'dictatorial ambition.'
The European Union expressed 'preoccupation for the fate of democracy in Venezuela' and said it, too, doubted it could accept the results.
And Britain's Foreign Minister Boris Johnson warned that Venezuela 'stands on the brink of disaster.'
'Nicolas Maduro's government must stop before it is too late,' he said.
Maduro said he had received congratulations from the governments of Cuba, Bolivia and Nicaragua, among others.
The monetary impact of the new U.S. sanctions wasn't immediately clear as Maduro's holdings in U.S. jurisdictions, if he has any, weren't publicized.
However, imposing sanctions on a head of state is rare and can be symbolically powerful, leading other countries to similarly shun such a leader.
For example, the U.S. has had sanctions against Syria's President Bashar Assad since 2011. Other heads of state currently subject to U.S. sanctions include Zimbabwe's Robert Mugabe and North Korea's Kim Jong-un.
Maduro called the constitutional assembly in May after a month of protests against his government, which has overseen Venezuela's descent into a devastating crisis during its four years in power.
Due to plunging oil prices and widespread corruption and mismanagement, Venezuela's inflation and homicide rates are among the world's highest, and widespread shortages of food and medicine have citizens dying of preventable illnesses and rooting through trash to feed themselves.
The president of the opposition-led National Assembly, Julio Borges, told Venezuelan news channel Globovision on Monday that Maduro's foes would continue protesting until they won free elections and a change of government.
He said Sunday's vote gave Maduro 'less legitimacy, less credibility, less popular support and less ability to govern.'
It looks like Fox 29's Steve Keeley is the real joke.
A news reporter attempted to make an inappropriate joke live on the air this week, but was quickly shut down by the morning host he was teasing.
FOX 29's Steve Keeley was doing a report on a snowstorm in Philadelphia when he commented on host Mike Jerrick's pink sweater, saying he was going to help the host show it off with a trick he learned back in school.
He then instructed Jerrick to place his hands in a certain way that he moronically thought would make the host look gay or effeminate.
Jerrick quickly caught on and stopped the act, saying, “I don't think this is appropriate,” before turning it into an “I'm a Little Teapot” pose.
@FOX29philly inappropriate #homophobic comment about @MikeFOX29 for wearing a pink sweater by Steve Keeley . See this video pic.twitter.com/EtB9VH2CaV — Dan Haney (@PhillyDan1958) February 9, 2017
“I'm sure I'll think that's funny later,” Keeley says.
“So will HR,” Jerrick retorts.
h/t: PhillyMag
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Urban dwellers in Washington, DC, will have a tough time dining out tomorrow: A growing number of the city's restaurants and bars will be closed in solidarity with a strike dubbed “A Day Without Immigrants.” Fliers circulating on social media are urging all immigrants to skip work and school and to refrain from shopping on Thursday in defiance of President Donald Trump's harsh immigration pledges.
Immigrants made up roughly 17 percent of the District's workforce in 2013. “Without us and our contribution this country is paralyzed!!!!” reads a flier for the strike in a photo posted by chef Jorge Hernandez on Twitter.
Several high-profile restaurants such as Busboys and Poets and Bad Saint will be closed during DC's planned strike, while others will be operating with limited service; Eater is updating a list of participating eateries as it hears about them. José Andrés—a popular immigrant chef from Spain who has been feuding with Trump ever since he backed out of opening up a restaurant in Trump's luxury hotel in downtown Washington, DC—announced that he'd be shuttering all of his restaurants in the nation's capitol and the surrounding areas for the day.
The strike mirrors Milwaukee‘s Day Without Latinos, Immigrants, and Refugees protest on February 13, when thousands of immigrants in the Wisconsin city refused to work and instead took to the streets to protest Trump and Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. (Clarke Jr. recently made comments about helping federal agents crackdown on immigrants.) “No matter what status you have, we're here to work hard,” Mayra Estrada, a 33-year-old protester, told the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel. “And we're not taking anybody's job, we're doing our job.”
A Day Without Immigrants is centered in DC, but the Washington Post is reporting that immigrants across the country are planning to take part as well. The strikes, which are intended to show how economically paralyzed communities would be without immigrants, come on the heels of several high-profile raids last week. Nearly 700 undocumented immigrants, including a “DREAMer” granted temporary legal status under DACA, were arrested in sweeps that Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials called “routine.” On Twitter, Trump referred to the sweeps as a “crackdown.”
Would you believe that Peter Pan was as much a villain as Captain Hook, maybe even more so, and that he killed for fun? The lovable character known all around the world, Peter Pan killed lost boys for fun.
I wonder sometimes what was going through the minds of some authors. The original book of Peter Pan, much like the original tales of The Pied Piper of Hamelin, Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty and Snow White, was at times cruel, sinister and dark. The tale of Peter Pan we have all been told is a very sanitized version much kinder to children than the version that originally existed. Of all the film adaptions that have currently been made, not one has truly shown his dark side.
In the original text, Peter Pan was a very mischievous boy, and this behavior even had a dark side. In the literary world his personality would be a match for characters such as Hannibal ‘the Cannibal' Lecter or Freddy Kruger.
One of the sinister things that Peter Pan would do is “thin the lost boys out ” when there were too many of them or when they got too old. In other words, Peter Pan would kill lost boys, his own friends. Now that behavior could be seen by some as a way to preserve their lifestyle or maintain a sustainable living environment, but it would appear that it was more a part of his psyche rather than forward thinking for the greater good of the Neverland community.
Peter Pan killed Lost Boys in other ways too
The thing is, Peter Pan killed for fun. Apart from going out on “pirate hunts“, killing pirates just for the fun of it, he would also cause havoc in the middle of battles. While the lost boys were in the middle of a battle, Peter Pan would sometimes switch sides and start killing lost boys for fun, as can be seen with the Indians. No other reason, just fun.
These personality traits were an attempt by the author to showcase his failure to understand or appreciate human life, much in the same way that many young children fail to fully understand the permanency or tragedy of death. In one line he says,
“To die will be an awfully big adventure“. ~Peter Pan clearly showing his immaturity and disconnection with the permanency of death.
Having just read how different Peter Pan was, wait until you read about Pinocchio.
This is of course our own interpretation of the text. The author, J M Barrie, never explicitly reveals what “thin them out” means. It could actually mean that he sends them packing, but it doesn't really fit in with the darker theme of Peter's personality.
<source>
If you enjoyed this fact you might find these interesting:
6 Traitors of Sikh Quam Revealed 1) Maharaja Ala Singh Founder of Patiala Kingdom
The mass murderer of Sikhs and the man who was responsible for the Wadda Ghallughara(40,000 Sikhs died)
Ahmed Shah Abdali recognized the founder of the Patiala Kingdom Ala Singh as his ally due to the support he gave Abdali.
a)Ahmed Shah Abdali made Ala Singh a Raja, given the title of “Raja-e-Rajgan Bahadur” and was given a robe of honor and a caparisoned horse. Due to Ala Singh's loyalty to Ahmed Shah Abdali, he was given land, elephants, horses, camels, cannons, jewelery, and plenty of cash. Due to the support from Abdali, Ala Singh conquered lands of Samana, Barnala, and founded Longowal. On March 29, 1761, Ala Singh paid five lakhs to Abadali and recognized as the ruler of the territories, which were 326 towns and villages.
b) Ala Singh wasn't in support of the rising Sikh Misls and the Misls knew of his dealings with the Mughal and Afghan Empires. The Sikhs Misls had planned to attack and destroy Ala Singh and his army but due to Sardar Jassa Singh Alhuwalia's intervention, Ala Singh was saved.
c) The Wadda Ghallughara happened during February 1762, where about 40,000 Sikhs were killed by Abdali and despite that in 1764 Ala Singh came to terms with Abdali and was again crowned as a Raja with robes and royal gifts. Abdali also handed Ala Singh the city of Sirhind and surrounding Villages.
2) Maharaja of Patiala Bhupinder Singh
Greeting General O'Dwyer
Bhupinder Singh's governorship of Punjab included extreme brutality by the police and he later refused to condemn the Jallianwala Massacre of April 1919. Bhupinder Singh in a telegram told Dyer “Your action is correct and the Lieutenant Governor approves.” Instead, he was very friendly with General O'Dwyer in London.
3) Jathedar Arur Singh
Jathedar of Akal Takht Sahib Giani Arur Singh had presented General Michael O'Dwyer with a siropa at Sri Akal Takht Sahib, the man responsible for Jallianwala Bagh on April 13, 1919. The traiter Giani Arur Singh not only presented the butchest of Sikhs a Siropa, but also gave a turban and a kirpan.
The Jathedar went so far that he declared General O'Dwyer a Sikh and stated it's alright despite the fact he smoked cigarettes.
4) Gurcharan Singh Longowal
Wrote secret letters to Indira Gandhi wanting Sant Jarnail Singh Khalsa Removed
Longowal greeting the man who said “If a Big Tree Falls, The Earth Shakes”
5) Gangu
When Satguru Gobind Singh Ji and the Sikhs left Sri Anandpur Sahib in 1704, Gangu took the lost Mata Gujar Kaur (Mata Gujri Ji) and the two younger sons of Satguru Gobind Singh Ji, to his village of Kherhi (where he and wife had migrated from Kashmir).
The prominient after offering them shelter (but instead of following the age old Hindus saying, “A guest is to be treated like a God”) he went to the authorities. His three guests were arrested, and he was given a reward from the Governor of Sirhind. Gangu who proved himself unworthy of the trust the Guru's family had placed in him not only as the families cook, but in their most urgent time of need. His treachery sealed the fate of the Guru's mother and the two youngest Lions, the Sahibzade; the youngest Shaheedan who held firm to their fate, freely chosing death rather than bending to the swords of tyranny.
6) Maharaja of Kashmir Gulab Singh (Dogra King)
Dogra King Gulab Singh
He stole Kashmir province from Maharaja Ranjit Singh after launching conspiracies to kill the sons of Maharaja Ranjit Singh.
Following the death of Ranjit Singh in June 1839, his son Kharrak Singh and grandson Naunihal Singh also died within a short span of time. The British lay in wait for an opportune movement to strike against the Sikh state, their ally. It was at this point of time that marked the emergence of Gulab Singh of Jammu as a major international player in this part of the world.
Gulab Singh had joined Ranjit Singh's army as a Sawar, cavalryman, in 1810. In a few years his father Kishore Singh, and his brothers Dhian Singh and Sucheet Singh became important personages in Lahore Darbar. 3)Gulab Singh had joined Ranjit Singh's army as a Sawar, cavalryman, in 1810. In a few years his father Kishore Singh, and his brothers Dhian Singh and Sucheet Singh became important personages in Lahore Darbar.
The interaction between radiation and water molecules on Europa's surface may supply its ocean with oxidants, while interactions between water and rock deep in its interior may supply its ocean with hydrogen -- two key ingredients for life. Photo by NASA/JPL-Caltech/SETI Institute
PASADENA, Calif., May 17 (UPI) -- Life's biological processes require the right balance of chemical properties. Scientists suspect the ocean on Jupiter's moon Europa may harbor the right mix of chemicals.
Recently, researchers modeled the ability of Europa's ocean to produce hydrogen and oxygen without the aid of volcanic activity. Their analysis suggests Europa's salty liquid insides may produce the right balance of chemical energy to host life -- even without hydrothermal activity.
"We're studying an alien ocean using methods developed to understand the movement of energy and nutrients in Earth's own systems," Steve Vance, a planetary scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, said in a news release. "The cycling of oxygen and hydrogen in Europa's ocean will be a major driver for Europa's ocean chemistry and any life there, just as it is on Earth."
Valance and his colleagues believe Europa's rocky interior is much more Earth-like than previously suggested. Interactions between rocks and Europa's ocean water may produce hydrogen in a process called serpentinization.
When water seeps deep into rocky crevices, it interacts with molecules to form new minerals, releasing hydrogen in the process. Scientists hypothesize that Europa's seawater may permeate as deep as 15 miles into Europa's rocky interior.
The oxygen is likely delivered from above, researchers say. When radiation from Jupiter splits water molecules on Europa's icy surface, the resulting oxidants are cycled into the ocean where they react with hydrogen.
Researchers published their new analysis in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
RELATED Photosynthesis older and more common than researchers thought
"The oxidants from the ice are like the positive terminal of a battery, and the chemicals from the seafloor, called reductants, are like the negative terminal," said study co-author Kevin Hand, a planetary scientist at JPL. "Whether or not life and biological processes complete the circuit is part of what motivates our exploration of Europa."
Previous studies have suggested Europa requires either hydrothermal vents of volcanic activity to generate mineral-rich hot water and the life-giving qualities similar to Earth's ocean.
The latest findings suggest a cold ocean floor could promote more rock fragmentation and, thus, hydrogen via serpentinization.
The first part of the following piece is written by Ajam Co-Editor-in-Chief Alex Shams and is an introduction to guest contributor Lila Yomtoob's article. Lila Yomtoob is an Iranian-American filmmaker whose latest project is entitled America 1979. The film explores the experiences of an American family of Iranian heritage during the Iran Hostage Crisis, when a group of Iranian students took over the US Embassy in Tehran in response to the US Government's decision to host Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, the recently ousted US-backed dictator of Iran.
The film is one of the few explorations of Iranian-American experiences during the wave of anti-Iranian hysteria and violence that overtook the United States in the wake of the Hostage Crisis.
***
The Iran Hostage Crisis was a seminal event in the experiences of thousands of Iranian-Americans. Although many Iranians had settled in the United States in the decades prior to 1979, they had largely blended into the seemingly undifferentiated mass of olive-skinned immigrants who poured in following the repeal of the racialized immigration quotas in 1965.
The Hostage Crisis dramatically transformed how Americans understood Iranians as well as how Iranian-Americans viewed themselves. Once peculiarly exotic, Iranians suddenly emerged as the primary targets of a xenophobic American rage that led to a wave of hate crimes and widespread discrimination.
These experiences traumatized an entire generation of Iranian-Americans as well as the thousands of newly-arrived Iranian refugees pouring in to escape the revolutionary chaos of the homeland. This was a double shock for many Iranians; forced out of the only homes they had ever known in Iran, they suddenly found themselves afraid to go outside in what they had hoped would be a safe refuge. American support for the Shah had blown up in the US government's face, but it was largely Iranians who ended up paying the price.
For those of us who did not experience the trauma of 1979 and the years that followed, our parents' memories and stories have been largely inaccessible to us. The era's legacy is primarily one of silence; Iranian-Americans have largely ignored their personal traumas and tried to move on with their lives, throwing themselves completely into the American dream and struggling to put the years of alienation behind them.
Others have kept silent for shame at the comparative comfort they experienced in America. While we were beaten up on the street, called “sand niggers” and “towel heads,” and denied jobs at every opportunity, our families in Iran faced the bombs and chemical weapons of a US-supported Iraqi invasion that ultimately stole nearly a million Iranian lives.
The film America 1979 is a crucial part of the Iranian-American community's reckoning with its past, its present, and its future in this country. As a second generation rises in a historical moment with disturbing echoes of 1979 and its aftermath, Lila Yomtoob's work offers us an opportunity to reflect on more than four decades of Iranian-American existence and to begin a conversation on the historical memory of a community living between Iran and America.
***
Even though I grew up eating khoresht, and hearing my parents speak Persian to each other (but not to me), and even though a grand Persian rug lined our living room, and foreign music blared from the tape player, I somehow didn't know I was different from the other kids. I was born in Chicago and grew up in a multicultural neighborhood, with a Greek family across the street, an Irish Catholic family next door, and a Korean and a Filipino family down the block.
I was six years old when someone first called me Iranian, and it wasn't a compliment. That is when I asked my mother: “What is Iranian? Am I Iranian?” This is when I learned the word Persian. “You are not Iranian, you are Persian,” she responded. My mother was a gentle woman, but at that moment she was mad at something bigger than I could understand. I was only six years old, but I understood that something was happening on television that made my parents frustrated. This is when I began to realize I was different in a bad way.
All along, my parents raised us to be as American as possible. They thought we would have an easier life without the foreign accent that might come from speaking a foreign language at home. They wanted me and my siblings to assimilate, and have the best life possible.
I slowly picked up on the details that made me different – my skin was a few shades darker than most. I had hair on my arms and other girls didn't. The Hostage Crisis came and went, but the teasing continued, and even worsened as coverage of the Iran-Iraq War took the place of the Hostage Crisis in the media. In 4th grade, I shaved my arms with my dad's beard trimmer, and when a friend noticed, I denied it.
In my teens and twenties, I actively denied that I was Iranian. In college, I thought about dropping my last name because I got so sick of people asking me that ubiquitous question, “Where are you from?” I would answer, “I'm from here.”
My parents' choice to raise me as an American was a bold one that inadvertently backfired when combined with the racial hatred that sprung forth from the Hostage Crisis. I never quite fit in as an American, and I felt completely alienated from my Iranian-ness.
It was only when I started conceptualizing America 1979 that I began to proudly own my heritage and connect with the Iranian community. I have been writing this film on and off for years, and it has morphed many times. At first, the family was not Iranian, and the story was centered around a little girl who stole money from her brother for attention. Even though this was my own personal story, I made the family white American. I examined this choice for a long time and was surprised that I didn't – that I couldn't – make the experience actually reflect my own.
I decided to challenge myself and make the family Iranian. I placed my Iranian family during the Iran Hostage Crisis, because it affected me and my family dramatically, and I had something to say about it. And by giving them historical context, I could use every word, every plot and character choice, to humanize the family and steer away from stereotypes. Unlike media stereotypes, the parents are on equal footing with each other, and are loving and communicative. The kids are far from being the good children of immigrants.
It was also very important to me for American audiences to have an opportunity to hear the Persian language spoken in a gentle manner, one that did not include aggression or discussion of politics or religion. While none of this may sound unusual to an Iranian, it might be very unusual for an American whose only understanding of the Middle East is what they see on television.
I checked in with a few of my family members about my project to try to confirm that my early experience of the Hostage Crisis affected my identity. I asked my uncle, who is always cheerful and optimistic, what it was like for him when the Hostage Crisis hit. “It was soooooo baaaaaad.” He said it over and over again, and it took a while before he could say anything else. I had never bothered to ask my Uncle about this in the past, or any family member for that matter. When he reacted so strongly, I realized I hit a nerve and that I should make this film.
Another relative of mine said, “Why do you want to make a movie about that? No one cares about that.” He was very defensive. “Everyone was very nice to me and sympathetic. I had no problems.” I assumed that this was a sore subject for him, and I respected his boundaries.
I spoke to a few other older Iranian men who work in entertainment, and I got similar responses. It was very discouraging that I could hardly have a dialogue about the film. Then I spoke to an old classmate of mine who had studied extensively the effect of 9/11 on Muslim children living in America. She understood the worth of the film immediately.
I started talking to first generation Iranian Americans about it, and the stories came pouring out. Younger people had so much to say about the Hostage Crisis, about growing up “other,” whereas the older generation never had a chance to heal from the blatant racism the Hostage Crisis brought to their lives. I also spoke with minorities of other backgrounds, and they could relate to the film completely. White Americans were either fascinated or perplexed by the film, but could could only understand it from an outside perspective.
The process of writing the film was also a process of self-examination. I began to embrace my Iranian-ness. Besides my love of food, and my innate ability to curl my wrists when dancing to Persian music, I noticed my unique use of the English language, which I always attributed to being a creative person, is distinctly Iranian. My politeness, my sense of humor, my sensitivity to beauty, my care for others, and my hot temper – these traits are not just my personality, but they are part of my cultural upbringing that I now notice in other Iranians, and I love it. I get excited when I hear Persian, if I see a Persian name in the credits of a film, if there is an art exhibit to attend, or a new person to meet.
I am telling this story because many people don't, and I am making America 1979 to give viewers a chance to come together and talk. When the film is finished I plan to screen it through schools and organizations, and get conversations going about the Iranian-American identity and the first generation experience.
My hope is that the film will open a door to a dialogue that will encourage closeness, healing and community. The desire to assimilate and achieve the American Dream has blocked the effect of the Hostage Crisis from our collective consciousness, even though it so so strongly shaped the Iranian American identity. And now, in the post-9/11 era, all Middle Eastern people are subject to the same, if not worse, racial profiling, against which we have to take a stand. I hope that by talking about these issues, and by owning this reality, we can move forward into the future with a more cohesive and proud voice that is free of the stigma of the past.
In order to move forward with the project, financial support is critical. We are nearly 40% funded and have until August 20th to raise a total of $21,500. We plan to shoot the film in September and have it finished and ready to share by mid-November. Please help us in this mission by going to www.igg.me/at/1979/.
America 1979 is made possible in part by a grant from the Brooklyn Arts Council, and is fiscally sponsored by Fractured Atlas. All donations are tax deductible.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
Reddit
Archivists on the Issues is a forum for archivists to discuss the issues we are facing today. Below is a post from Bertram Lyons addressing the alleged “Digital Dark Age.” If you have an issue you would like to write about for this blog series or a previous post that you would like to respond to, please email archivesissues@ .
[Update: Eira Tansey, from SAA's Records Management Roundtable has written a response to this piece.]
On January 4, 2016, NPR published a story, “Will Future Historians Consider These Days The Digital Dark Ages?”, with the tagline: “We are awash in a sea of information, but how do historians sift through the mountain of data? In the future, computer programs will be unreadable, and therefore worthless, to historians.”[1]
As is often the case with news media, there is a noticeable absence in the way the story is framed. Read the tagline again. What is missing? It seems that the journalist ignores the fact that historians[2] have intermediaries called archivists who not only select and aggregate data for the future but who have also been heavily engaged in the question of digital preservation and digital acquisition since at least the 1980s.[3] We, as archivists, are not absent, and have not been absent from the action.[4] We are, however, hidden in the public narrative. This not being the first time that I felt frustrated to see archivists (and our sibling professions) left out of the conversation, I left a note on the NPR comment page for the article:
“Hi Eric. This is a nice story. Something we need to remember, and that did not come across in your story, is that this is an issue that archives, libraries, museums, funding agencies (IMLS, NEH, NSF), and many, many others have dedicated decades of time and millions of dollars into researching, responding to, and developing methods to prevent such a digital dark age. Nothing in your report is news to any practicing records managers, archivists, cultural heritage collection managers, librarians, or any others whose responsibility it is to take care of historical and informational documentation. It is great that NPR is promoting this issue, but please do not promote the issue as if only a few prophet-like or savior-like individuals are involved. From NASA to the Smithsonian, from Harvard to Indiana University, from the Internet Archive to the British Library, there is an army of practitioners working on this problem—and it will take an army, not just a few, to ensure we carry our digital information with us into the future. But we will succeed, just as we succeeded in previous generations by amassing an army of librarians to carry our books with us, and an army of museologists to carry our artifacts.”
I really am not sure how many people this comment reached. Maybe no more than 30 if I had to make a guess. But that is not the real point of this post. The point is not about my small response to this one report on NPR. One of the points I hope to make has already been stated: We are not and have not been absent from the digital preservation questions. We are, however, hidden in the public narrative. From emerging efforts to improve social media data collection activities such as Documenting the Now[5] to decade-old web archiving programs such as the Internet Archive; from the ePADD email analysis project at Stanford University[6] to the enduring work of the Digital Preservation Management Workshops and Tutorials,[7] as well as the Digital POWRR project;[8] from LOCKSS and CLOCKSS networks to the continued outreach of the NDSA; from the forensic methodologies applied in the archives domain via the BitCurator project[9] to the millions of hours audiovisual archivists the world over have already put into the process of avoiding the never-mentioned magnetic dark age;[10] the list of archive-based digital preservation and documentation initiatives goes on. Seriously, the list of projects and research alone could fill an archive, not to mention the enormous amount of actual digital content collected, selected, and processed each day by archivists, librarians, museum professionals, records managers, and many others in the collecting domains around the world. We are there, we are doing the work, we will continue to do the work, and we, most of all, must continue to communicate about our digital preservation work outside of the walls of the archive profession.[11]
However, even a few weeks into the future, I would argue with myself about the comment I made on the NPR site. I did not go far enough to address the important topics of selection and appraisal, nor the complexity of who collects and selects the documentation that will persist into the future. Which leads to the other point I hope to make in the context of a digital dark age: the concepts of selection and agency to collect are more salient today than the fear of lost bits. We critique the contents of archives today — the absences, the presences — because, as archivists, we know that appraisal and selection matter. Even as, today, we ask important questions about how these activities should change — focusing on what is selected for the archive and by whom, and to be stored where and for how long — we ask these questions to improve the effect archives and archivists can have on society, to reveal assumptions and biases in the practice of archives, and, in turn, to affect change within the archives profession itself.
The digital dark age will not happen in the way that the media predict it. We should not be blinded by a fear of the inability to ensure persistence of digital information. As I mentioned above, it is obvious that as a profession (and as part of larger communities) we are engaged in the technical solutions to that issue.[12] If we have any digital dark age, it will manifest, as has been the case in the past with other forms of information, as a silence within the archive, as a series of gaping holes where groups of individuals and communities are absent because there was no path into the archive for them,[13] where important social events go undocumented because we were not prepared to act quickly enough, and where new modalities for communication are not planned for. The digital dark age will only happen if we, as communities of archives and archivists, do not reimagine appraisal and selection in light of the historical gaps revealed in collections today.
It is the digital-ness of today's world that may actually allow archives to reach out to and to document (or to support self-documentation of) the enormity and complexity of society in a way that has never been feasible before.[14]
Bertram Lyons is a Certified Archivist and senior consultant with AVPreserve, where he specializes in digital asset management, digital preservation strategy, digital repository development, and in the acquisition, management, and preservation of documentary, research, and cultural heritage collections.
For fourteen years Bert has worked as an archivist for extensive archives, first at the Alan Lomax Archive and most recently at the American Folklife Center (AFC) at the Library of Congress, where he developed tools, policies, and partnerships around the development and management of analog and digital archival collections. His recent activities include the implementation of digital risk assessment standards in the assessment of digital preservation environments; development of digital collections management workflows, tools, and policies (including a new tool, Exactly); the design and implementation of a nation-wide, EAD-compliant, multi-user online cataloging platform for folklore collections, a project sponsored by the American Folklore Society and hosted at Indiana University; the design, development, and implementation of the U.S. International Standard Music Number (ISMN) web application for the Music Division at the Library of Congress, the U.S. ISMN agency; as well as the development of a collaborative workflow system for the congressionally mandated U.S. Civil Rights History Project, a born-digital oral-history partnership between the Library of Congress and the Smithsonian Institution National Museum of African-American History and Culture.
Bert is active nationally and internationally with professional archival organizations such as the International Association of Sound and Audiovisual Archives (Member of the Executive Board and Editor of IASA publications) and the Society of American Archivists (Chair of the Membership Committee). He has also received certification from the Academy of Certified Archivists and is a graduate of the Archives Leadership Institute. He holds a MA in museum studies with a focus in American studies and archival theory from the University of Kansas.
Bert is also an associate lecturer in the School of Library and Information Studies at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where he teaches Archive Appraisal & Theory, Digital Curation, and Web & Social Media Archiving. He will be serving as a new SAA DAS faculty member in 2016, teaching an introductory course on command line scripting for archive workflows.
[1] Retrieved from http://www.npr.org/2016/01/04/461878724/will-future-historians-consider-these-times-the-digital-dark-ages, 2016-04-27.
[2] Actually, many who write “history” today are heavily engaged in digital archaeology or digital humanities and, themselves, have the skills and capacity to reconstitute abandoned and/or obsolete data formats.
[3] An easy example is this list of the writings of David Bearman, stretching back into the 1970s, actually: http://www.archimuse.com/consulting/bearman_pub.html, or Jennifer Trant, beginning in the 1980s, http://www.archimuse.com/consulting/trant_pub.html. Really the list could go on and on.
[4] I have to thank Ed Summers (http://inkdroid.org/) for the reminder to revisit the excellent work of David Rosenthal on the question of the digital dark age: http://blog.dshr.org/2011/02/are-we-facing-digital-dark-age.html.
[5] Read more: http://mith.umd.edu/introducing-documenting-the-now/.
[6] Read more: https://library.stanford.edu/projects/epadd.
[7] Read more: http://www.dpworkshop.org/.
[8] Read more: http://digitalpowrr.niu.edu/.
[9] Read more: http://www.bitcurator.net/.
[10] You know why? Because archivists.
[11] And, of course, there are many examples of this activity ongoing today, including efforts surrounding personal digital archiving, digital humanities and other academic collaborations, and research data management programs.
[12] We do need to continue to broadcast these efforts beyond the profession, however.
[13] Or there was no repositioning of an archive that exists within their bounds, within their control.
[14] I mentioned Documenting the Now previously in this post, but this is an excellent example of a combined technological and ideological approach to address the absence of voices and experiences that have long been silent in the archive by refocusing collecting agency, reinforcing ethics and privacy, and redefining the archival record.
Advertisements
Earlier today, President Barack Obama addressed the General Assembly of the United Nations. You can read the full transcript here. Experts in foreign policy and international affairs at The Heritage Foundation watched the speech and had plenty of reaction. Here are some highlights:
On Reaction at U.N.:
“The other U.N. member states have to be beside themselves with glee. President Obama gave them virtually everything they could ask for without demanding anything in return that was not already on the agenda – and which they are prepared to twist to their advantage. He did not even ask them to support more accountability, transparency, or efficiency in the U.N. , which will be leading action on the very complex and expensive tasks that he is proposing.
The Obama administration probably thinks that its actions and this speech have purchased them the goodwill of U.N. member states, which will translate into support for U.S. policies. They are setting themselves up for disappointment. The political nature of the U.N. is combative and tough. Most member states consider these concessions their due. They will pocket them and stand firm to defend their interests. Cooperation will be on their terms, on issues they wish to pursue. The naïveté of the speech was staggering.”
—Brett D. Schaefer, Jay Kingham Fellow in International Regulatory Affairs, Heritage's Margaret Thatcher Center for Freedom, and author of ConUNdrum: The Limits of the United Nations and the Search for Alternatives
Compared to Other Obama Speeches:
“Was this Obama's most naïve speech ever? It is a very strong candidate, but I think there is intense competition for that accolade. The president's speeches in Cairo, Strasbourg and Prague would all vie for that title. Still, his address today will go down in history as one of the weakest major addresses by a U.S. president on foreign policy in a generation, by a leader who seems embarrassed, even ashamed, by the power and greatness of his own country.”
—Nile Gardiner, Director, Margaret Thatcher Center for Freedom, The Kathryn and Shelby Cullom Davis Institute for International Studies at The Heritage Foundation
On Afghanistan:
“Obama's statements on Afghanistan at the U.N. today — which failed to mention the need to defeat the Taliban insurgency — will likely be interpreted by our allies as a sign that he is beginning to waver in his commitment to finishing the job of stabilizing and securing Afghanistan and preventing its return to being a safe haven for international terrorists. This is highly unfortunate. Without American leadership on Afghanistan, the entire civilized world will remain hostage to international terrorists, backed by the Taliban leadership, intent on attacking innocents at the times and places of their own choosing.”
—Lisa Curtis, Senior Research Fellow, Heritage's Asian Studies Center
On the Middle East:
“President Obama proclaimed, ‘ We must embrace a new era of engagement based on mutual interests and mutual respect, and our work must begin now.' But in the Middle East, his administration's engagement policy has yielded very little of substance. The Israeli-Palestinian talks, which the administration has trumpeted as an urgent priority, remain in limbo. Obama's meeting yesterday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas was little more than a tense photo opportunity that did little to clear the way for renewed peace negotiations.
“Although Washington had hoped to announce the formal opening of Israeli-Palestinian negotiations, this continues to be blocked by the refusal of Palestinians to agree to negotiations until Israel has halted the expansion of settlements in disputed territory. Never mind that many of the settlements would end up on the Israeli side when the borders are redrawn in a final agreement.
Iran also has proven to be highly resistant to the Obama administration's calls for engagement. Despite three rounds of sanctions imposed by the U.N. Security Council and continued international pressure to halt its uranium-enrichment efforts, Iran has agreed to participate in talks on a wide variety of subjects — except for uranium enrichment, which it is accelerating. It will be interesting to see how Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad responds to Obama's speech when he speaks later this afternoon. But the big question is what the Obama administration will do when engagement fails.”
—James Phillips, Senior Research Fellow for Middle Eastern Affairs, Heritage's Douglas and Sarah Allison Center for Foreign Policy Studies
A group of Winston-Salem restaurateurs has agreed to pay $25,000 to settle a federal lawsuit alleging that one of them sexually harassed a waitress and later fired her in retaliation when she complained about it, according to the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
A group of Winston-Salem restaurateurs has agreed to pay $25,000 to settle a federal lawsuit alleging that one of them sexually harassed a waitress and later fired her in retaliation when she complained about it, according to the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
The settlement does not come with an admission of guilt.
The Silver Diner in Lexington, which is changing its name to Lexington Diner, was the site of the alleged sexual harassment. The restaurant's principal officers are Chris Katsoudas, Pete Katsoudas, Gus John Balourdos, Ioannis Balourdos and John Papanikolaou, all of Winston-Salem, according to corporation filings with the N.C. Secretary of State.
Laura Thompson, a waitress, suffered a sexually hostile work environment at the restaurant from around June until October 2010 under one of the restaurant's co-owners, who was also her supervisor, according to the EEOC.
The harassment included, among other things, "comments about Thompson's appearance; rubbing up against her while she was at work; telling her to get rid of her boyfriend if she wanted to advance at work; and grabbing her," according to the EEOC.
The federal agency did not name the restaurant principal; Gus John Balourdos said in an interview that the allegations targeted Papanikolaou.
Papanikolaou, who declined to comment about the allegations, said that the lawsuit "should not have been disclosed."
"I cannot discuss any of that with you because that is all from her side," he said.
Ken McAllister, a High Point lawyer representing the restaurant, said that the owners "categorically denied any wrongdoing and liability" in the settlement, and he stressed that the cost of continuing the lawsuit would far exceed the cost of settling.
Thompson, according to the EEOC, told the head waitress and other restaurant owners about the alleged harassment. Afterward, the company reduced Thompson's hours, according to the EEOC.
In late October 2010, the sexual advances and comments toward Thompson had ceased, according to the EEOC. By the end of the year, Thompson was working the fewest hours among other servers at the restaurant.
On Feb. 14, 2011, when Thompson complained a final time about the reduction of work hours, the company fired her in retaliation for her complaints, according to the EEOC.
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits sexual harassment in the workplace and retaliation for complaining about discrimination.
The EEOC, after unsuccessfully trying to reach a settlement, filed the lawsuit in U.S. District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina — known as Equal Employment Opportunity Commission v. Silver Diner Inc.
In addition to agreeing to pay the $25,000, the company agreed to conduct for five years annual training for all its employees, supervisors and managers covering sexual harassment and retaliation. And the company will adopt an anti-harassment policy.
Sexual harassment should not be taken lightly, said Lynette Barnes, regional attorney for the EEOC's Charlotte District Office.
"The EEOC's filing this case is a reminder that employers have an obligation under federal law to ensure a work environment free from harassment, to promptly investigate complaints and to take appropriate corrective measures to stop sexual harassment, regardless of who the harasser is," she said.
- WWE NXT star Solomon Crowe helped a woman who was just involved in a car accident in Orlando on Monday, not far from the WWE Performance Center. Crowe, who had stopped at a nearby store after training at the Performance Center, heard a crash and rushed to the scene with another person who saw the accident. The two helped remove the woman from her overturned SUV, which had jumped a curb and hit a tree before flipping.
Crowe and the other person had to pry open the door because the airbags had deployed and they couldn't see in the SUV. They sat with the woman until paramedics and police arrived.
Crowe told WWE.com:
"I didn't even think When I saw it, I was wearing sandals, and I just took off in a full sprint toward the car. I knew especially if a car's upside down like that, it can catch fire very easily, and whoever was in it, we wanted to get them out. I would hope someone would do the same for me. That's how I think about it."
Crowe also tweeted:
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
Copyright © 2014 Albuquerque Journal
Call them “Sir” or “Dame.”
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Three people from New Mexico have been knighted into the Spanish royal order, La Orden de Isabel la Católica, the Order of Isabela the Catholic, for their efforts at preserving Spanish culture, history, language and traditions.
The recipients were Maria Conchita Marquez de Lucero and her husband, John Padilla y Lucero, both of Albuquerque, and Orlando Romero of Nambé Pueblo.
The proclamations and medals were presented last week by Houston-based Ambassador Enric Panes, consul general of Spain, during a ceremony at the Instituto Cervantes de Albuquerque at the National Hispanic Cultural Center.
The award, signed by the king of Spain, is one of that country's highest honors.
The Luceros are founding members of the New Mexican Hispanic Culture Preservation League and were instrumental in obtaining the 33-piece sculpture “La Jornada,” or “The Journey,” which depicts the history of the first European settlers and now sits in front of the Albuquerque Museum.
They are also founding members of El Camino Real de Tierra Adentro, which educates people about the original 400 settlers who came up the Camino Real in 1598.
They were active in efforts to bring the world's largest bronze horse sculpture, “The Equestrian,” honoring don Juan de Oñate to El Paso. They also worked on the state's 400-year celebration and the city of Albuquerque's tricentennial celebration.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
“I was totally elated and touched in the deepest part of my heart,” said Maria Conchita of the honor bestowed on her by Spain. “We've gone to Spain to trace our ancestral roots, and visited the towns we came from, and realized the deep and noble history we come from.”
“I'm just thrilled,” said her husband. “We've been working on Spanish colonial historical issues for it seems like decades, so it's nice to be recognized and we're very grateful.”
John, 70, is retired from Bernalillo County, where he was director of Building and Zoning and served on the New Mexico Public Employees Retirement Association Board.
Maria Conchita, 68, is retired from Bernalillo County, where she was a senior tax researcher in the Treasurer's Office and later agriculture supervisor in the Assessor's Office.
Romero was honored for his many years as an author, historian, lecturer and newspaper columnist, in which he focused on Spanish culture. He is the recipient of numerous awards, as well as a fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
He is author of “Nambé Year One,” a nonfiction book that explores the history of Northern New Mexico.
Romero, 69, is a consultant on New Mexico history and Spanish culture in New Mexico to the Smithsonian National Museum of American History in Washington, D.C. He is retired as the director of the Fray Angélico Chávez History Library at the Palace of the Governors in Santa Fe.
Although he has been the recipient of many awards, Romero says being named to La Orden de Isabel la Católica “is really special and very exciting.”
It took three years to receive the award after being informed he was nominated, “so it's a very slow and deliberate process,” he said. “I was flabbergasted. I love Spain as much as I love my own country, and I've been there 10 or 12 times to lecture and attend conferences.”
(This is Professor Julian Boyd's reconstruction of Thomas Jefferson's "original Rough draught" of the Declaration of Independence before it was revised by the other members of the Committee of Five and by Congress. From: The Papers of Thomas Jefferson. Vol. 1, 1760-1776. Ed. Julian P. Boyd. Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1950, pp 243-247) (Italics ours.)
A Declaration of the Representatives of the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, in General Congress assembled.
When in the course of human events it becomes necessary for a people to advance from that subordination in which they have hitherto remained, & to assume among the powers of the earth the equal & independant station to which the laws of nature & of nature's god entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the change.
We hold these truths to be sacred & undeniable; that all men are created equal & independant, that from that equal creation they derive rights inherent & inalienable, among which are the preservation of life, & liberty, & the pursuit of happiness; that to secure these ends, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed; that whenever any form of government shall become destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it, & to institute new government, laying it's foundation on such principles & organising it's powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety & happiness. prudence indeed will dictate that governments long established should not be changed for light & transient causes: and accordingly all experience hath shewn that mankind are more disposed to suffer while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. but when a long train of abuses & usurpations, begun at a distinguished period, & pursuing invariably the same object, evinces a design to subject them to arbitrary power, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such government & to provide new guards for their future security. such has been the patient sufferance of these colonies; & such is now the necessity which constrains them to expunge their former systems of government. the history of his present majesty, is a history of unremitting injuries and usurpations, among which no one fact stands single or solitary to contradict the uniform tenor of the rest, all of which have in direct object the establishment of an absolute tyranny over these states. to prove this, let facts be submitted to a candid world, for the truth of which we pledge a faith yet unsullied by falsehood.
he has refused his assent to laws the most wholesome and necessary for the public good:
he has forbidden his governors to pass laws of immediate & pressing importance, unless suspended in their operation till his assent should be obtained; and when so suspended, he has neglected utterly to attend to them.
he has refused to pass other laws for the accomodation of large districts of people unless those people would relinquish the right of representation, a right inestimable to them, formidable to tyrants alone:
he has dissolved Representative houses repeatedly & continually, for opposing with manly firmness his invasions on the rights of the people:
he has refused for a long space of time to cause others to be elected, whereby the legislative powers, incapable of annihilation, have returned to the people at large for their exercise, the state remaining in the meantime exposed to all the dangers of invasion from without, & convulsions within:
he has endeavored to prevent the population of these states; for that purpose obstructing the laws for naturalization of foreigners; refusing to pass others to encourage their migrations hither; & raising the conditions of new appropriations of lands:
he has suffered the administration of justice totally to cease in some of these colonies, refusing his assent to laws for establishing judiciary powers:
he has made our judges dependant on his will alone, for the tenure of their offices, and amount of their salaries:
he has erected a multitude of new offices by a self-assumed power, & sent hither swarms of officers to harrass our people & eat out their substance:
he has kept among us in times of peace standing armies & ships of war:
he has affected to render the military, independant of & superior to the civil power:
he has combined with others to subject us to a jurisdiction foreign to our constitutions and unacknoleged by our laws; giving his assent to their pretended acts of legislation, for quartering large bodies of armed troops among us;
for protecting them by a mock-trial from punishment for any murders they should commit on the inhabitants of these states;
for cutting off our trade with all parts of the world;
for imposing taxes on us without our consent;
for depriving us of the benefits of trial by jury;
for transporting us beyond seas to be tried for pretended offences: for taking away our charters, & altering fundamentally the forms of our governments;
for suspending our own legislatures & declaring themselves invested with power to legislate for us in all cases whatsoever:
he has abdicated government here, withdrawing his governors, & declaring us out of his allegiance & protection:
he has plundered our seas, ravaged our coasts, burnt our towns & destroyed the lives of our people:
he is at this time transporting large armies of foreign merce naries to compleat the works of death, desolation & tyranny, already begun with circumstances of cruelty & perfidy unworthy the head of a civilized nation:
he has endeavored to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers the merciless Indian savages, whose known rule of warfare is an undistinguished destruction of all ages, sexes, & conditions of existence:
he has incited treasonable insurrections in our fellow-subjects, with the allurements of forfeiture & confiscation of our property:
he has waged cruel war against human nature itself, violating it's the most sacred rights of life & liberty in the persons of a distant people who never offended him, captivating & carrying them into slavery in another hemisphere, or to incur miserable death in their transportation thither. this piratical warfare, the opprobrium of infidel powers, is the warfare of the CHRISTIAN king of Great Britain. determined to keep open a market where MEN should be bought & sold, he has prostituted his negative for suppressing every legislative attempt to prohibit or to restrain this execrable commerce: and that this assemblage of horrors might want no fact of distinguished die, he is now exciting those very people to rise in arms among us, and to purchase that liberty of which he has deprived them, & murdering the people upon whom he also obtruded them; thus paying off former crimes committed against the liberties of one people, with crimes which he urges them to commit against the lives of another.
in every stage of these oppressions we have petitioned for redress in the most humble terms; our repeated petitions have been answered by repeated injury. a prince whose character is thus marked by every act which may define a tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler of a people who mean to be free. future ages will scarce believe that the hardiness of one man, adventured within the short compass of 12 years only, on so many acts of tyranny without a mask, over a people fostered & fixed in principles of liberty.
Nor have we been wanting in attentions to our British brethren. we have warned them from time to time of attempts by their legislature to extend a jurisdiction over these our states. we have reminded them of the circumstances of our emigration & settlement here, no one of which could warrant so strange a pretension: that these were effected at the expence of our own blood & treasure, unassisted by the wealth or the strength of Great Britain: that in constituting indeed our several forms of government, we had adopted one common king, thereby laying a foundation for perpetual league & amity with them: but that submission to their parliament was no part of our constitution, nor ever in idea, if history may be credited: and we appealed to their native justice & magnanimity, as well as to the ties of our common kindred to disavow these usurpations which were likely to interrupt our correspondence & connection. they too have been deaf to the voice of justice & of consanguinity, & when occasions have been given them, by the regular course of their laws, of removing from their councils the disturbers of our harmony, they have by their free election re-established them in power. at this very time too they are permitting their chief magistrate to send over not only soldiers of our common blood, but Scotch & foreign mercenaries to invade & deluge us in blood. these facts have given the last stab to agonizing affection, and manly spirit bids us to renounce for ever these unfeeling brethren. we must endeavor to forget our former love for them, and to hold them as we hold the rest of mankind, enemies in war, in peace friends. we might have been a free & great people together; but a communication of grandeur & of freedom it seems is below their dignity. be it so, since they will have it: the road to glory & happiness is open to us too; we will climb it in a separate state, and acquiesce in the necessity which pronounces our everlasting Adieu!
We therefore the representatives of the United States of America in General Congress assembled do, in the name & by authority of the good people of these states, reject and renounce a11 allegiance & subjection to the kings of Great Britain & all others who may hereafter claim by, through, or under them; we utterly dissolve & break off a11 political connection which may have heretofore subsisted between us & the people or parliament of Great Britain; and finally we do assert and declare these a coloni to be free and independant states, and that as free & independant states they shall hereafter have power to levy war, conclude peace, contract alliances, establish commerce, & to do all other acts and things which independent states may of right do. And for the support of this declaration we mutually pledge to each other our lives, our fortunes, & our sacred honour.
Drake has just opened a Toronto restaurant - and he's partnered with superstar chef Susur Lee on the venture. Fring's, at 455 King St. West near Spadina, opened tonight in the old Crush Wine Bar space.
While Drake and Susur have managed to keep details of the restaurant mostly under wraps, they have both teased about their collaboration on Instagram. A week ago Susur took to Instagram to announce his new project. Two days ago he posted a photo with graphics from Drake's Hotline Bling in the background.
Drake, for his part, shared his excitement for the opening, congratulating the chef along with sons Kai and Levi as well as best friend Angelo Ferraro.
Beyond the teasers, the duo have been notably secretive about the launch and have managed to keep the details of the restaurant - including info about tonight's opening party - closely guarded.
Most celebs show up fashionably late to an event. #Drake arrives early to assume his DJ role & greet party goers at #FringsToronto. — Ally Dean (@AllyEDean) September 22, 2015
What we do know has largely leaked out on social media tonight - Drake apparently showed up early to DJ and there's been a steady crowd outside trying to talk their way in. We have Ally Dean from Hello! Canada to thank for the news that Will Smith's offspring, Jayden Smith, has been grooving "like a boss" on the dancefloor.
Well, #JaydenSmith just bumped into me at #FringsToronto. And now he's dancing like a boss. It's all in a day's work. — Ally Dean (@AllyEDean) September 22, 2015
Serena Williams may or may not also be making an appearance.
Rumours swirl the #Drake has requested a mic (!) and #SerenaWilliams is en route to #FringsToronto. Camera phone at the ready, friends. — Ally Dean (@AllyEDean) September 22, 2015
We'll post more details about the collaboration, menu and other details as we get them.
Growing Hemp In West Cork In The 1960s
Dublin Hemp Museum Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 20, 2017
By Brian Houlihan
Report in the Southern Star Newspaper (July 1963) which references the West Cork survey
(Please consider becoming a patron to support the creation of more unique content)
Recently I discovered a report called the ‘West Cork resource survey'. This research is a comprehensive survey of the agricultural resources of the West Cork region. The research was undertaken by An Foras Taluntais (The Agricultural Institute) and first published in May 1963. It is worth noting that An Foras Taluntais was the predecessor to Teagasc which was established in 1988.
The survey was undertaken after the West Cork Development Association and other local organisations requested the assistance of An Foras Taluntais. The request was fueled by concerns over the low levels of agricultural development and the rate of depopulation in the region. Contained within the comprehensive report (over 300 pages) are a number of references to hemp and its potential for West Cork.
The survey states that “hemp is widely grown in countries where small farms and hand labour predominate”. It's revealed the principal areas of cultivation in Europe are Italy, Yugoslavia, Spain, Romania and Poland. It's suggested that “although native to a warmer climate than ours, hemp, like the potato, appears to be quite well adapted to the Irish climate.”
Interestingly the report references hemp experiments in Ireland which showed that “yields of 15 cwt. or more of fibre of excellent quality can be obtained here.” The potential financial benefits of hemp are highlighted when it's revealed that “at present prices, an acre of this crop would give a return of approximately £135.”
It's suggested that “because of the higher yield of fibre per acre from hemp, and the lower labour content” that if the hemp experiments continue to prove successful it “might prove more profitable than flax and therefore go into general cultivation in Ireland.”
Elsewhere in the report it's argued that “hemp might be a better prospect than flax, but it would seem that either crop, properly grown, would be a valuable addition to the economy of the area.”
Irish Farmers Journal article from March 1964
It's argued that to make hemp growing competitive it would be best to start in a region where the conditions are most favourable. In this respect it's suggested that “West Cork has two distinct advantages; there is the nucleus of a tradition in handling fibre crops, and the climate is amongst the mildest and most frost-free in the country.”
However, some of the disadvantages would be “the scarcity of first-class tillage land, and the degree of exposure” that exists in the region. It's believed these factors would limit hemp's potential. Nonetheless, it is suggested that it should be possible to produce “about one thousand acres annually, which would represent the quantity imported into Northern Ireland annually.”
Elsewhere the report states that “If suitable retting and handling facilities could be provided West Cork would seem to be an appropriate place to introduce this crop on a commercial scale.” The report outlines the costs of setting up a hemp retting unit, which is estimated to be £50,000. The image below outlines the breakdown of the costs associated with the proposal.
Estimated costs outlined within the report
Ultimately neither a hemp or flax industry was developed in the region (or elsewhere in the Republic) and arguably this occurred for a number of reasons. The Irish political mainstream moving from agrarian based economics to a foreign direct investment (and more urban) based economy, led by the likes of Seán Lemass and T. K. Whitaker, is significant.
The switch towards the importation of everyday goods and away from domestic production is worth considering. This trend was seen in most countries during this period and still exists today. The competition to hemp from cheaper foreign markets, particularly Asia, and the move towards synthetic products, where natural ones such were once used, also played a role.
One also cannot overlook the fact that the use of hemp generally was in decline before, during, and after this period. Aside from the countries that never restricted its use (France for example) hemp's revival has only started in more recent decades. Since then we have seen hemp everywhere in Ireland from specialised hemp shops, supermarkets and cosmetic stores.
We at the Irish Hemp Society hope to be part of hemp's wider revival in Ireland. 2017 should be an interesting year so keep an eye out for us.
Brian Houlihan is the curator of the Dublin Hemp Museum and regularly writes about hemp. Follow him on Twitter at @dubhempmuseum and @houlihanbrian. You can also find the museum on Facebook.
You can find an archive of my blog posts here
Yeah yeah, the refs cost the Seahawks the game. I saw y'all on Twitter. Just so I can get this out of the way early so we can talk about the stuff that's actually indicative of future performance: the refs were not the reason the Seahawks lost this game.
Were there some bad calls that went against Seattle? Absolutely. Were there more questionable calls against the 'Hawks than against the Colts? I would say so. Was it a factor in the outcome of the game? Sure. In a one score game everything is a factor, from phantom push-off calls to the O-line getting beat off the ball all game and the inability to keep the opposing quarterback from extending plays long past their natural lifetime. Or how about going 2-12 on 3rd down while allowing the Colts to go 7-12?
If anyone wants to believe that officials with an agenda were the reason the Seahawks lost, I can't make them think otherwise. In fact, I'm certain the comments section will hash out the particulars quite thoroughly on that account. But doing so does a great disservice, in my opinion, to the quality of football the Colts played today. For the first time in a long time an opposing QB made me feel the way Russell Wilson usually makes fans of other teams feel. No matter how close Seattle got to sacking Andrew Luck, and not matter how improbable success looked, he kept escaping like the good guy in a cheap action movie. Or any action movie.
We've seen very good QBs play Seattle and look bad but today, Luck returned the favor. To date, the Seahawks D had kept opposing QBs to a 60.7 passer rating. Andrew Luck dropped a 104 this morning. And much like we've seen with Wilson before, that number doesn't take into account how many negative plays were turned into positive ones. Before we get to griping about the nuances of Seattle's first regular season loss in 10 months, take the time to mentally tip your cap to Luck for making adjustments and taking advantage of the mistakes that the 'Hawks made.
It's worth noting that those mishaps didn't show up until after Seattle had built an impressive 12-0 lead. Through the first four games of the season, Wilson and Golden Tate were like a Match.com couple. Exciting, intriguing, sexy... but not particularly in tune with each other. It was as if they were still exploring learning each other, reading from the same book but not quite on the same page. In the first half of this one, however, they were straight eHarmony 27-personality-traits-synched-up-before-you're-allowed-to-see-each-other compatible. Wilson threw to Tate with conviction, completing four of his first five targets Golden's way. The first TD of the day came on an appropriately wiggly 10-yard out to Tate that made it 10-0.
On Indy's next possession, the Seahawks forced a punt before Jerichoing the Colts' line and blocking said kick. As the ball careened towards the back of the Colts' endzone, Jeron Johnson dove on it and tucked it in his belly as he slid out of bounds. The ruling on the field was a safety. The video was inconclusive. At that point, I was in full "put 'em in a body bag" mode so I didn't give the five-point swing the credit it ultimately deserved. It was 12-0, Seattle was getting the ball back, and they were averaging nearly a first down per play. Then the game swung.
It happened suddenly and decisively. After Seattle failed to capitalize on the safety-punt, T.Y. Hilton ran a deep rout from the slot, with Richard Sherman giving naught but a cursory acknowledgment -- presumably because another route was hitching in his zone and, also presumably, because he thought Earl Thomas had him covered over the top. Whether Thomas blew the assignment or not, Hilton found himself alone in the biggest downfield pocket the Legion of Boom has allowed in eons. Luck's pass hit him in stride, allowing him enough room to elude Thomas and stroll in for the score.
After another Seahawks drive stalled in Colts territory, the pendulum picked up momentum. Paul McQuistan got bulldozed off the snap to such a degree that Steven Hauschka's second FG attempt of the game banged off his dome and pinwheeled back the other way. Indy scooped it, scored it, and swung the score in their favor. By that point, the game was already high up in the banana trees with both teams making the other's mistakes hurt.
The Seahawks countered with a slick 12-play, 82-yard drive that culminated in a 28-yard TD pass from Wilson to the newly clear-eyed, always full-hearted Jermaine Kearse. The Colts answered with a field goal and the game went to the break with Seattle leading 19-17.
All season we've seen Seattle win the battle of second half adjustments but were kept out of the endzone for the final two quarters while Indy reached the land of milk and honey twice more (once more by Hilton, this time on a 29-yarder and once by Donald Brown because why not?). You hear it all the time, but it comes down to execution and while the 'Hawks out-executed Indy for most of the game, they were unable to make as many opportunities count as the home team did.
The Colts made the most of Luck's escapability, of Reggie Wayne's route-running, of Hilton's explosiveness, of Seattle's scabby offensive line, of their third down chances, and yes, of a few shaky calls. The push off that was called on Tate early was straight bowsh and wouldn't have been called in a flag football game, but the pass interference call against Sherman that kept a Colts TD drive alive was the right call. In that situation, with the receiver coming out of his break against press coverage, the ref is only looking for one thing: is the defender keeping his hands inside the receiver's shoulders? The replays showed that Sherman did not, in fact, do that and while the call was a bummer, it's one that the ref will receive a good grade for. There were other questionable calls to be sure, but ultimately I think Seahawks fans should be more concerned with the penalties that were called correctly (like when J.R. Sweezy negated a first down screen pass by running downfield too early or having 12 men on the field twice) than with the ones that weren't.
It was with ten minutes left that the Indianapolis team switched from haymaker mode to lead-preservation. The secondary took away the third level, forcing a constantly scrambling Wilson to dump the ball off underneath or try and run for yardage. When the field shrunk, so did Seattle's offensive efficiency, and they settled for field goal after field goal. The Indy offense, meanwhile, began to pick up chunk yardage on the ground with Trent Richardson taking handoffs from the shotgun and Hilton/Wayne snagging almost every off-balance throw Luck attempted.
Compounding Seattle's slight deficit was their dearth of timeouts, having burned two early in the second half and squashing their final one when personnel issues put too many men on the field before Indy's (ultimately successful) two-point conversion attempt. After an Adam Viniateri field goal extended the Colts' lead to six, Seattle once again put the ball in the hands of their second-year savior and he responded with an inspiring 22-yard scamper on the first play. It was there that the drive stalled, however, and a couple minutes later Luck was metaphorically putting his knee on the Seahawks' throat.
There were some positives from this one, though. A lot of 'em. The first of which is that for the third time in three tries, Seattle has played up to or beyond the level of a quality opponent on the road with an early start time. Seattle also outgained Indianapolis 423-317, averaged 6.4 yards per carry (!), had two 100-yard rushers (Marshawn Lynch: 17 carries for 102 yards and Wilson: 13 for 102), and saw Bruce Irvin (four tackles, sack, TFL) make a nice and natural-looking debut at linebacker.
It's been forever since the Seahawks got whomped (now 31 straight games without losing by more than one score) and while the Colts earned this victory, Seattle still outplayed them for long stretches. Look, winning road games in the NFL is really hard. The 'Hawks could absolutely have won this game, make no mistake about that, but they're still playing at a high level and this game doesn't do much to alter their trajectory in my mind.
It's hard to envision your team losing until it actually happens. The Seahawks weren't gonna win them all and they'll head back to the VMAC this week with a lot to work on but they'll also head back to the VMAC with sole possession of first place in the NFC West. I'll take it.
JACSON ON TWITTER
Terrified that invisibles zombies will attack you in your home? Sure, we all are. Now, thanks to the insightful people at the Savannah College of Art and Design in Atlanta (SCAD), you can use augmented reality (AR) technology to see otherwise invisible zombies on your handheld device. Their newest video game, ARhrrr, is a first-person shooter (FPS) that allows you to turn a table-top map into a zombie-filled city scape using a nVidia phone. Look for the amazing tech demo video after the break.
For those of you new to AR technology, a camera records your environment while a computer mixes this image with pre-recorded 3D designs and then displays them in real-time on your screen. The result is an illusion that you are looking into a hybrid world. Another company, Total Immersion, created interactive baseball and Pokémon cards, not to mention a tour of the new Star Trek movie's starship Enterprise.
SCAD, however, has upped the ante by leaping head-first into the realm of video games. This is where the technology can really thrive. Third-party developers, a dedicated consumer base, and sympathetic technologies could push AR as the next big thing. Several devices, such as the PSP, nintendo DSi, and the iPhone are capable of supporting the technology and are already popular enough to carry the AR video game revolution. That being said, I'm not sure how dependent ARhrr is on the nVidia phone and its new Tegra processor.
The game itself looks fun, if a little shallow. From the safety of your nVidia, you can explore your AR city world, hunting zombies and shooting them by tapping the screen. Save some humans, watch out for zombies throwing stuff at you — pretty standard FPS fare. A real innovation comes with the use of skittles (yes, the real-life candy) as markers on the map for bombs. This is something I might have imagined as a child. It's a cool twist to the game, and I hope other AR game developers pick up on this synergistic mix of product-placement and AR game-play possibility.
It's been less than a year since AR really started becoming a noted phenomenon. Now we have a video game. As the progression continues, AR is posed to become a wide-spread industry standard for entertainment and advertising. It's hard to know, however, if AR will make that leap, or fade into yet another fad. Personally, I hope that augmented reality becomes more realistic, more accessible, and a valuable tool for all kinds of art and communications developers. In the end, it would be great for AR to become something more than just another way for video games to rot our braaaaaaaaiiinnnsss.
A JUBILANT Jonjo Shelvey feels Newcastle United's six-goal demolition of QPR has sent a powerful message to the Magpies' promotion rivals.
Newcastle closed to within a point of Championship leaders Huddersfield Town as they ripped QPR apart to record the joint-biggest league away win in their history.
Shelvey scored twice in the win, with Ayoze Perez, Aleksandar Mitrovic, Ciaran Clark and Grant Hanley claiming the other goals, but it was the manner of the Magpies' win rather than the margin that was particularly impressive.
Newcastle played with a style and swagger that suggests they are comfortable with their tag of promotion favourites, and Shelvey expects the rest of the Championship to have paid close attention to his side's exploits.
“Yes, this performance sends out a message to the league to be honest,” said the midfielder, who has now scored three goals in the opening seven league games.
“We needed to go and put down a marker. We've won six on the bounce now and it's a real eye-opener for the other teams in the league.”
Shelvey was at the heart of the action throughout, spraying long-range passes around the field and constantly looking to score from the edge of the area.
His first goal owed much to a hefty deflection off QPR defender Steven Caulker, but his second was a truly magnificent effort that saw him pick up the ball from Perez and curl a sensational long-range effort into the top right-hand corner.
“The first was a little bit lucky to be honest with you,” said Shelvey. “It took a bit of a deflection and it seemed to take about two minutes to go in!
“But I think the first goal helped us in terms of allowing us to get a foothold in the game and it allowed us to score a lot more.
“Then I think the third goal killed the game off to be honest with you and allowed us to go on and win emphatically.
“For the second, I quite often try that sort of effort in training and 99 per cent of the time they don't come off! But if you don't try them, you won't score.
“I'm not one to shy away from a shot so I'm just grateful it nestled in the far corner like it did.”
Such an emphatic victory will create pressure for Newcastle moving forward, with most neutrals now expecting a similarly dominant display when Wolves visit St James' Park on Saturday.
Rafael Benitez will be doing everything he can to ensure his players keep their feet on the ground, but Shelvey feels a high level of expectation is par for the course when you are wearing a Newcastle shirt.
“Playing for Newcastle in this league, you're going to have pressure on you. If you can't deal with that then you shouldn't really be playing for this club to be honest with you.
“I think handling it starts from the manager to be fair, he's very experienced. Even at half-time when we were 2-0 up, he was speaking at length about how the game wasn't finished and that we needed the third goal to kill it off. Thankfully, we got that.”
A top commander of Iran's Revolutionary Guards boasted Saturday that his forces have plans in place to attack the United States from within, should the U.S. attack the Islamic Republic.
“America, with its strategic ignorance, does not have a full understanding of the power of the Islamic Republic,” Brig. Gen. Hossein Salami said in a televised interview. “We have recognized America's military strategy, and have arranged our abilities, and have identified centers in America [for attack] that will create a shock.”
Reports indicate that terrorist Hezbollah forces — allies of Iran — have infiltrated the U.S. and have mapped out targets.
“We will conduct such a blow in which they [America] will be destroyed from within,” Salami said.
This is the second warning by a high-ranking officer of the Guards in two weeks. The chief commander of the Guards, Maj. Gen. Mohammad Jafari, addressing Secretary of State John Kerry, said on Jan. 24 that a direct conflict with America is the “strongest dream of the faithful and revolutionary men around the world.”
Kerry had previously said that if Iran did not live up to the agreement reached in Geneva on its nuclear program, “all options are on the table.”
“Your threats to revolutionary Islam are the best opportunity,” Jafari had said. “Muslim leaders for years have been preparing us for a decisive battle.… Do you know how many thousands of revolutionary Muslims at the heart of the Islamic revolutionary groups around the world are awaiting for you to take this [military] option from the table into action?”
Gen. Salami went further, saying the Revolutionary Guards have taken into consideration America's military ability and different scenarios under which the U.S. could attack Iran via a limited missile or air strike, or even a ground attack.
“All operational bases of the enemy in the region in whatever capacity and location are within our firepower,” Salami warned. “The American military option does not make a difference for us, and they can use this option, but they will have to accept the responsibility of devastating consequences.”
Salami asked whether America could control the spread of any war with the Islamic Republic: “Can they preserve their vital interest in the region in the face of endless attacks by Iran? Can they keep their naval assets and the Zionist regime [Israel] secure?”
Salami said that with the U.S. economy and debt, America is in no position to engage Iran militarily.
The general then taunted Washington, citing Iran's political and cultural influence in Iraq. “The current has changed for the Americans so much so that they invest [by invading Iraq] and others [Iran] benefit.”
Regarding Syria, Salami said the United States does not have the ability to interfere in a country that has been engaged in a civil war for several years.
“The Americans cannot even conduct a military operation there,” Salami said. “[T]he conditions and the factors that facilitate the exercise of military power for them have for years been destroyed and today they (the Americans) are in an erosion of political, cultural and military power.”
The general said there are thousands of brigades ready to confront America both within the Islamic Republic and outside the country. He then warned Iran's politicians to remain strong during the negotiations over Iran's nuclear program and — based on the might of the country — not give in to U.S. demands.
Iran and the 5+1 world powers (the five permanent U.N. Security Council members plus Germany) reached an interim agreement in Geneva in November over the regime's illicit nuclear program. Under the six-month agreement, Iran, in return for billions of dollars in sanctions relief, will keep much of its nuclear infrastructure, is limited to enriching uranium at the 5 percent level for six months, will convert its highly enriched uranium of 20 percent to harmless oxide, and will allow more intrusive inspections of its nuclear plants by the International Atomic Energy Agency, which will be limited to searching only agreed-on facilities.
Iran, which has started to implement the first phase of the Geneva agreement, acknowledged receipt of the first installment of released funds and that over $500 million has been deposited into the country's bank account in Switzerland.
The Islamic Republic spends billions of dollars supporting the terrorist group Hezbollah, its network of terror cells around the world and the Assad regime in Syria solidifying his grip on the country.
Reza Kahlili is a pseudonym for a former CIA operative in Iran's Revolutionary Guard and author of the award-winning book “A Time to Betray” (Simon & Schuster, 2010). He serves on the Task Force on National and Homeland Security and the advisory board of the Foundation for Democracy in Iran (FDI).
DEPUTY Prime Minister Nick Clegg is one of a string of cabinet ministers who have been allowed to keep their chauffeur-driven taxpayer-funded cars.
The Hallam Lib Dem MP has retained the use of a car for "security" reasons - even though the Government said they would ban the use of chauffeur-driven cars "other than in exceptional circumstances".
At least nine members of the cabinet are believed to still have the use of dedicated cars and drivers, including PM David Cameron and Rotherham-born Foreign Secretary William Hague.
Shortly after the creation of the new government, David Laws, the then Chief Secretary to the Treasury, said curtailing the ministerial use of chauffeur-driven cars would save nearly 2.8m a year - a third of Government Car Service's 8.3m budget.
He said: "In the future, no minister should have a dedicated car or driver other than in exceptional circumstances. Ministers will be expected to walk or take public transport where possible, or use a pooled car."
Before entering Downing Street David Cameron said: "If there is something that really annoys people, it's politicians swanning around in chauffeur-driven cars."
But it appears the ban on the use of dedicated cars has been restricted to ministers outside the cabinet.
A Cabinet Office spokesman confirmed Mr Clegg had retained a car, saying his travel arrangements "are all made according to security advice."
Mr Cameron, Chancellor George Osborne, Home Secretary Theresa May, Defence Secretary Liam Fox and Foreign Secretary William Hague are keeping their cars for "security reasons". Justice Secretary Ken Clarke, Communities Secretary Eric Pickles and Ulster Secretary Owen Paterson also retain cars.
A Department for Transport spokesperson said: "Under the new rules each Minister - apart from the very limited number whose responsibilities mean they need a fully protected service - will need to decide if there is sufficient justification for them to have an allocated car or whether their requirements can be met from the pool system.
Got a view? Leave a comment below.
Follow The Star on Twitter and Facebook:
For breaking news and sport follow The Star on Twitter at www.twitter.com/sheffieldstar and on Facebook at www.facebook.com/sheffieldstar .
JOIN THE STAR READER PANEL: The Star is YOUR newspaper, so tell us what you think about it and what you want to see - CLICK HERE.
Don't miss our daily pull-outs - only in the The Star: Monday Star Sport, Tuesday Class Act; Wednesday Business; Thursday Grassroots; Friday Time Out; Saturday Retro. Subscribe to The Star - CLICK HERE
READ MORE
Join the Star reader panel
Main news index
Your letters
Features
South Yorkshire's environmental news
Kids Zone
More business news
More Rotherham news
More Doncaster news
More Barnsley news
Latest sport
Two window cleaners have fallen around twelve storeys after a cable snapped on their platform at the corner of Pitt and Bridge Street in Sydney's CBD.
A witness told 9NEWS one of the men was left hanging by his safety gear after being thrown from the washing cage, while the other lay on an awning after the fall at about 11.15am.
Witnesses said both men, believed to be in their 50s, were hit by pieces of the falling scaffolding.
Paramedics worked to treat the two men. (9NEWS) ()
The hanging man was later placed on top of a car for treatment.
“The window washer thing came spooling down from about eight or nine floors up,” he said.
“It bounced off the awning.
“The guy who bounced off the awning was left hanging from his safety gear, he didn't actually hit the ground or the car.”
The scene of the collapse. (Supplied/Steve Ryan) ()
A NSW Ambulance spokeswoman said one patient had suffered a head injury and a leg injury in the fall.
The other man had suffered a back injury.
Footage from the 9NEWS helicopter showed several ambulances at the scene and the paramedics climbing onto the awning and the car to reach the two men.
Witnesses said dozens of pedestrians rushed to help the injured pair, with the man left dangling by his harness pulled down by bystanders.
They also said there was a “lot of blood” on the fallen scaffolding.
The scaffolding collapsed onto an awning. (9NEWS) ()
Pitt Street is currently closed between Alfred Street and Bridge Street as a precaution.
Worksafe NSW has been notified.
Do you know more? Send an email to news@9news.com.au
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
By
Sociology is a broad field with many approaches on every single level from which society can be viewed. From studies of the individual, to global trends, the field has opportunities for people with vastly different goals. Whether you want to study the family unit, or the global effects of a government's foreign policy, sociology provides the tools with which to accomplish that goal.
This list of blogs features a diverse range of sociology blogs from scholars, researchers, and practitioners. These blogs can be of interest to sociology students and professionals for any number of reasons. Whether you are looking for somebody in the sociology field to have conversations with, or just looking for some stories or perspective on various problems, these blogs are a great place to start.
General Commentary on Society and Culture
1. Every Day Sociology Blog deals with the pressing sociological issues faced by our culture. The blog addresses rising cultural issues such as violence, education, privacy, and marriage equality through the lens of sociology.
Highlight: Thinking Sociologically about Education
2. Montclair SocioBlog consists of posts on sociology in general, addressing pertinent questions about society and culture. The blog is run by some members of the Montclair State Sociology Department, but has no official affiliation with the university.
Highlight: Wanted–Bad Research
3. The Global Sociology Blog is a blog concerned with sociology on an international scale. Global Sociology features many videos, graphs, and charts intended to communicate the numbers behind the sociological situation of the world.
Highlight: The Visual du Jour–Mexican Drug Cartels
4. This Sociological Life is the blog of sociologist Deborah Lupton. She examines current cultural issues from a sociological standpoint, often using cutting edge sociological theory to get to the bottom of things.
Highlight: The Quantified Self Movement: Some Sociological Perspectives
5. UnderstandingSociety seeks to understand the global place of the individual through examining social agency and structure in innovative ways. The blog examines everything from groups marginalized by society to the gradual change of social institutions and what drives that change.
Highlight: Moral Intuitions as Evolutionary Modules
6. Orgtheory addresses innovations in sociological theory and seeks to find applications for those innovations. The site also posts about new books in the field with the goal of beginning a discussion about the book's implications.
Highlight: More Tweets More Votes: Social Media as a Quantitative Indicator of Political Behavior
7. Citings and Sightings keeps a close eye on sociology journals, and media to bring its readers the most up to date and cutting edge sociological perspectives on important, relevant topics.
Highlight: The Dirty World of Sanitation Work
8. Institutional Review Blog is aimed primarily at sociology academics and the content is geared toward commenting on news having to do with review board oversight. The blog also covers various other issues in academia including musings on funding and research faculty, and many of the other challenges faced by academic leaders in the field.
Highlight: What Can One University Do?
Political and Intellectual Viewpoints in Sociology
9. Sociological Images combines powerful imagery with clear and concise explanations of sociological phenomena. The blog's viewpoint is largely political, but the author does also address other issues of interest within sociology.
Highlight: Punk in Burma: Cultural Appropriation & Resistance
10. A Very Public Sociologist is a political sociology blog focused on analyzing and critiquing various political movements and programs. The blog is run by a British sociologist and the bulk of the focus is on the U.K., but many of his thoughts can be applied outside those borders.
Highlight: Stoke's Homes for a Quid
11. David Brake's Blog is another U.K. blog. The blog's focus is divided between social policy commentary on useful websites, resources and talks about the sociological aspects of various social technologies.
Highlight: Visualising How Much is Not Online
12. Sociology and Complexity Blog is heavily focused on the science side of sociology. The blog takes a hard look at scientific research both in sociology proper and in related sciences, such as economics.
Highlight: Complex Systems are Not Networks; They are Cases
13. Rural Sociology Group Wageningen is the blog of an European group based out of the Netherlands that studies rural social communities in Europe. The blog features content on the various distinctive qualities of rural life.
Highlight: Thesis: The Vegetable Network
14. Family Inequality features the musings of sociologist Philip N. Cohen on the sociological implications of current cultural trends and development on the family. Particular attention is paid to families that exist in a disadvantaged or marginalized state.
Highlight: Gender and Family Time: Change and Stall Visualized
15. Socializing Finance takes a sociological look at the finance industry and tries to find ways to apply sociological principles to finance that will improve the industry as a positive force in society.
Highlight: Donald Mackenzie on Financial Algorithms and Other Matters
16. Dienekes' Anthropology Blog is a heavily scientific blog that melds the science of sociology with anthropology in order to study the effect of certain scientific phenomena on historical cultural evolution.
Highlight: Polynesian mtDNA in Extinct Amerindians from Brazil
17. Kieran Healy is an associate professor of Sociology whose research has been primarily in the exchange of various goods, from human blood, to software and the relationship between the moral order of market society and the effect of quantification on social classification.
Highlight: U.S. News's Small N Problem
18. Permutations are concerned with the mathematics side of sociology. While the human factor seems to take center stage in the field, the mathematics supporting research are equally important when seeking to reveal hard truths and back up theories with evidence.
Highlight: Forecasting Poorly
19. Social Watch is a sociology watchdog blog that calls attention to pressing sociological issues around the world including human rights abuses, gender based discrimination, and poverty.
Highlight: Malaysia: The Longest Year
20. Executed Today can be a difficult blog to read. The blog examines historical executions and the sociological issues and circumstances that lead people to commit their crimes. The point is to remember that the human condition spans history and that while we have become much more adept at describing that condition in scientific terms, we have a long way to go before we start finding solutions to the problems.
Highlight: 1900: Bill Brown, Sonnie Crain and John Watson
21. Voices of Reason is a collaborative intellectual community that desires to bring together the minds of people from all intellectual backgrounds to discuss and debate issues, policies, and ideas in a non-partisan setting.
Highlight: Transitioning to Reason in Action
22. John Hawks Weblog features posts on paleoanthropology, genetics, and evolution. The content tends toward the scientific and has some cross application potential in the world of sociology.
Highlight: Civic Allometry
23. Somatosphere is a collaborative website positioned at the intersection of science, medicine, and anthropology. The blog also dabbles in cultural psychiatry, psychology, and bioethics.
Highlight: The Afflictions Series: An Interview with Ethnographic Filmmaker Robert Lemelson
24. Zero Anthropology is, despite its misleading name, all about anthropology. The blog deals specifically with post imperialism anthropology and is attached to the greater Zero Anthropology Project.
Highlight: Africa, Liberal Humanitarianism, and NATO's Anthropology
25. Neuroanthropology focuses on the development of the human brain in its associated cultural structure. The blog features articles that approach the subject from a variety of perspectives and contexts.
Highlight: Neurocriminology, Meet Human Development
Lives and Musings of Sociologists
26. A Backstage Sociologist partly features in depth analysis of sociological issues, and topics within the realm of sociology academia, and this sociologist's personal thoughts and experiences with life.
Highlight: The Road to Academic Perdition–MOOCs
27. Uncommon Thought Journal features the musings of its author on a wide variety of sociological issues. The blog deals with larger global issues, smaller local issues, and everything in between.
Highlight: Lil Wayne's Lyrical Fascism
28. Apophenia is a blog from the other side of the sociology/social networking conversation. Danah Boyd is a senior communications researcher for Microsoft, which means it's her job to analyze the social networks from a business side. She has extensive education in the studies of media, culture, and communication and will be an valuable resource for sociologists concerned with the sociological implications of technology.
Highlight: Addressing Human Trafficking: Guidelines for Technological Interventions
29. Scatterplot is an academically oriented blog that features the musings of its contributors, all sociology academics from a diverse array of universities.
Highlight: Conflicts
30. Office Hours features conversations with top social scientists from across multiple disciplines about the sociological implications of current events and their research.
Highlight: Mary Joyce on Digital Activism
If you're new here, you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed. Thanks for visiting!
With Bernie Madoff's Ponzi scheme foremost in many investors' minds, how can you tell whether an investment pitch is a scam? Keeping Bernie Madoff's Ponzi scheme in your mind minds. “It pays to remember that if an investment opportunity sounds too good to be true, it usually is.” Here are 10 tell-all questions to consider:
1. Does it promise “low risk and high gain?”
“There is no such thing as a free lunch.” It's a fundamental fact or basic of investing that the higher the potential return, the greater the risk and that you may never see that return. Do not fall for investments that promise spectacular profits or “guaranteed” returns.
2. If you don't act now will it be too late?
Why will it be too late? Any legitimate investment will be there tomorrow, and next week, and next year. Never be pressured into investing in something because tomorrow might be too late. Even if it turns out that the stock doubles tomorrow, you should feel better knowing that you were cautious and responsible with your money.
3. Does the investment tip claim to predict the future?
“It will double in three months.” Oh, yeah? And where did your broker buy his or her crystal ball? Not only is this a ridiculous promise for a broker to make, it's illegal. Go aheaed and report this infraction to his or her sales manager. And if the matter doesn't get satisfactory attention from a supervisor, contact the Financial Industry Regulatory Agency (FINRA).
4. Do you know the background of the salesperson and his/her employer?
Any individual selling securities to the public must pass a background check, a series of examinations, and be registered with FINRA. Likewise, their employers must also be known to FINRA and the SEC. If you would like to check up on the background of your broker or brokerage firm, use FINRA's BrokerCheck page. But remember, even if they don't have any complaints against them, it doesn't necessarily mean they can be trusted. You could be “Scamee No. 1.”
5. Does it “guarantee” anything?
It is impossible to guarantee the performance of any investment, but if your broker is doing so he could get tossed out of the industry.
Read
6. If you incur any losses has the salesperson offered to reimburse you for any losses you might incur?
One more no-no that your broker isn't supposed to and can't promise you. This one can get him or her booted, too.
7. Does your broker say that you are you one of the “lucky few who have been chosen” to invest in XYZ company?
While this may make you feel special, don't fall for it. You probaly just happen to be one of the lucky few who answered the phone.
8. Does the salesperson claim that he or she has also personally invested in the company?
What difference does it make to you whether he or she made a bad investment? Do you trust the salesperson to call you if and when the investment goes sour? And will he or she get out first?
9. Is the salesperson unwilling to supply financial statements or a prospectus?
If a new company is just going public (an IPO, which stands for initial public offering), you must be given a prospectus. It is long and written in legalese and printed on very thin paper that you can barely read. Read it anyway. Especially the part called “Risks to Investors.” If the company in question has been around awhile, ask to see the financial statements for the past two years.
10. Does the salesperson claim that it is “a hot inside tip?”
This is particularly important to pay attention to — not because it might make you rich, but because it could land you in jail. It is illegal to pass on or act on material that is inside information. Anyone telling you otherwise is a liar.
These scams exploit the trust and friendship that exist in groups of people who have something in common. Because of the tight-knit structure of many groups, it can be difficult for regulators or law enforcement officials to detect an affinity scam. Victims often fail to notify authorities or pursue their legal remedies, and instead try to work things out within the group. This is particularly true where the fraudsters have used respected community or religious leaders to convince others to join the investment.
Be Sociable, Share!
(Newser) – Alexander McQueen "was always pushing the boundaries" in fashion. That's why Tina Gorjanc thinks he'd love her new project, which aims to make clothing from McQueen's skin—or rather skin grown from McQueen's DNA. The recent fashion school graduate plans to use DNA from McQueen's hair, included in a 1992 collection, to grow skin that can be tanned and turned into bags and jackets, per Quartz. "You extract certain genetic information from it and then you use that information to reprogram already existing skin so it is the exact texture and color and everything of the original source, so in this case McQueen's skin," Gorjanc tells the Telegraph. The goal isn't to sell the items, though she might hear offers from collectors. Instead, Gorjanc—inspired by the case of Henrietta Lacks—wants to start a conversation about safeguards for genetic information.
"There are huge gaps in legislation because the technologies are evolving so quickly," Gorjanc says. "Because of those loopholes we are able to extract genetic information from a human source ... then produce something out of it like a product and then patent it." In other words, her idea is "completely legal." She's already applied for a patent that would give her ownership of the lab-grown skin—which would include McQueen's DNA, freckles, moles, and even tattoos—though she can't patent his DNA itself. Though Newser originally quoted Gorjanc as saying reps from the Alexander McQueen brand "were really fascinated" with the undertaking, the fashion house says in a statement, "Contrary to some press reports the company wasn't approached about this project nor have we ever endorsed it." (Read more strange stuff stories.)
Again, the duo of John John Florence and Blake Kueny have reinvented the Web clip. This time it comes in the form of John's finest from the Volcom Fiji Pro and the Oakley Pro Bali. They revisit John's best waves from the contests — he nabbed a ten in both — and reveal what the little devil got into without a jersey on. As you may have guessed, it's ridiculous. The clip volleys back and forth in a marvelous trance of slo-mo and full-speed action, and boredom is an impossibility. There are literally too many highlights to name. By that sullen 7:24 mark, it's hard to ask yourself with any bit of integrity if John John Florence is currently the world's most exciting surfer in the world and say no.
DETROIT -- The cascade of boos enveloped Ford Field late Sunday afternoon. The Detroit Lions were electing to play for overtime instead of taking a shot to win down the field, and the fans were not pleased.
Lions coach Jim Schwartz was unhappy with fans booing his decision to play for overtime rather than try to win Sunday's game in regulation. Detroit Free Press/Zumapress/Icon SMI
So they let the Lions know it. And Detroit coach Jim Schwartz was not too happy about it.
"I was disappointed to hear boos. We're getting ready to go to overtime right there and our crowd is great for us and they support us," Schwartz said. "The team needed a lift right there. We didn't need to feel bad at that point. We just intercepted a ball that got us to overtime. I thought that I was just trying to get our team ready.
"That's tough, the situations when your players are getting booed and you want them fired up. That's what I was trying to do right there."
Schwartz did not indicate who he was speaking to when he started yelling at the end of regulation and it wasn't clear from the video whether he was yelling at fans or just about the fans booing his team and the decision to not go for the win at the end of regulation.
And they were loud enough that the Lions couldn't help but hear them.
"I don't know how you cannot," Schwartz said. "At that point, we're taking a knee and after we didn't get the yards, we just let the clock run out and we didn't get the first down. We were trying to gather the troops and trying to get ready for overtime.
"It wasn't like we were running another play in that situation. We were getting ready to go into overtime and our fans have been great for us but we needed them on our side in overtime."
The Lions had lost their fifth fourth-quarter lead in sixth games on the way to the eventual 23-20 loss in overtime. At least some of the Detroit players backed their coach in getting angry about the boos.
"Fans are frustrated but what do you think we are?" receiver Nate Burleson said. "I get it, you come in and sit down and you cheer loud and occasionally want to get upset and boo.
"But if the fans are frustrated, just imagine what we feel on the field. And I think maybe Schwartz was just speaking out because the same fans that boo turn around and go crazy when we get the lead.
"So I get it. I've been playing long enough to where I don't get upset when fans boo. You pay a ticket, you buy the jerseys, you have your right to go out there and show your emotions."
Burleson said he wanted to turn to the fans to say something more than once Sunday, but held back.
"I'm not mad at him for doing it," Burleson said. "As many times as I wanted to, I kind of stopped myself from saying something to a fan or two that, you know, I probably shouldn't have.
"But it's frustrating when you hear them boo because the same fan will turn around and praise you when it's all good."
The Navajo-Hopi Observer recently sat in on a class taught by Nathan Brady.
Brady teaches the Navajo language using heavy doses of Navajo history, traditions and culture.
How many and which Navajo language classes do you teach here at Winslow High School?
I teach two different classes of Navajo Language 1 and two different classes of Navajo Language 2, which is an accelerated class. Then I teach a class of Navajo Government which defines history and the current state of the Navajo Nation. We have to teach tradition and history in order for the students to comprehend the Navajo language.
In your classes how many of your students are fluent in the Navajo language?
In my classes only about 2 percent of students would be considered fluent in Navajo. I would guess that my generation did not do a good job of teaching the language at home. I was fortunate in that my grandparents were fluent in Navajo and English as did my mom and my dad. Both my grandparents and parents spoke to me in Navajo so I grew up with the comprehension of Navajo and well as the English language.
How long have you taught at Winslow High School?
This is my fourth year of teaching the Navajo Language at WHS.
Where are you originally from?
I was raised north of Winslow on a ranch 14 miles west of Dilkon where my maternal grandparents located in the 1930s. They established the Salt People Clan in that area. My dad was started off the Rez in a Winslow Dorm as a fourth grader. I was raised on a ranch home with no electricity or running water raising horses, cattle and sheep.
Do you have any family or kids?
I have three siblings, two older sisters one of which is the principal at Sanders High School, the other sister works at WIHCC. My younger brother is pursuing self-directed education and taking care of our parents. My wife is a Safety Officer at WIHCC in Winslow. We have been married for 21 years. We have two daughters, Kayla is 19 and attending NPC then there is Taylor, 16, who is a junior here at Winslow High School.
What is the best part about teaching for you?
Getting the students in the palm of my hand – relating my experiences and Navajo history, in order to get the teaching material across. Making the Navajo language understandable in a non-mysterious presentation. Helping them to enjoy pride in being able to express themselves in the Navajo language.
What is the most difficult part of teaching?
Just making sure I bring enthusiasm into the classroom every day. Most all of my cultural insights and Navajo history I learned outside the classroom and I bring it into the classroom here to inspire my students.
Would you recommend teaching as a career?
Yes I would. Helping the youngsters gain knowledge and to see them advance in knowledge, makes it all worthwhile.
Sure, selling $2.4 million in development kits through a successful Kickstarter campaign is a good way to get started, but Oculus needs more funding than that to get its revolutionary virtual reality headset into shape for consumers. Today the company announced that it has been able to secure $16 million in Series A venture funding led by Spark Capital and Matrix Partners.
In a note on the Matrix Partners blog, funding lead Antonio Rodriguez said it was "inspiring and motivating to see how well the gaming community is reacting to the first dev kit" and said his first experience with the headset led to a "sense of wonder about just how much of science fiction is possible today." Rodriguez added that Oculus' use of low-cost cell phone components and exploitation of PC GPU power could lead to "hardware that can be sourced (and sold) by the millions."
In a follow-up interview with PandoDaily, Rodriguez said the nausea many players experience when using the Rift would diminish as the hardware gets upgraded to higher resolution screens. Indeed, the hi-res prototype Rift we tried at E3 was one of the biggest surprises of the show and seems to remedy the biggest problem with the initial developer units.
Oculus co-founder Palmer Luckey, for his part, sees the $16 million investment as another step toward making VR "as widely used as Facebook or Twitter, and the societal implications will be far greater!"
It's a pretty bold vision, and we can't wait to see the Oculus team try to pull it off.
The Columbia Lions are ranked at the top for men's fencing in the first NCAA Coaches Poll of the 2014-2015 season. The Princeton Tigers have the top ranked women's fencing program.
Penn State, Princeton, Notre Dame, and Harvard all rank in the top 5 for both their men's and women's fencing programs.
Full rankings provided by CollegeFencing360, which also provides a full press release:
CollegeFencing360 Coaches Poll #1 (Jan. 22, 2014)
MEN (first-place votes – Columbia 9, Penn State 1)
(school – voting points … final 2013 ranking)
1. Columbia – 148 voting points … (7)
2. Penn State – 140 … (1)
3. Princeton – 121 … (3)
4. Notre Dame – 114 … (2)
5. Harvard – 111 … (4)
6. Ohio State – 95… (6)
7. St. John's – 82 … (5)
8. Pennsylvania – 78 … (8)
9. Brown – 64 … –
10. Stanford – 62 … (9)
Also Receiving Votes (panel submits top-15) – Duke 49 (10th in final 2013 poll), North Carolina 43, Yale 33, Sacred Heart 25, Air Force 9, UC San Diego 8, Brandeis 5, Stevens Tech 5, MIT 4, NYU 4.
Notes – this is the highest ranking ever by any Columbia fencing team (men or women), since college fencing coaches poll debuted in 2001; also believed to be first time any Brown team (men or women) has been in the top-10.
WOMEN (first-place votes – Princeton 8, Columbia 1, Harvard 1)
(school – voting points … final 2013 poll)
1. Princeton – 147 voting points … (2)
2. Harvard – 124 … (7)
3. Notre Dame – 120 … (1)
4. Penn State – 118 … (6)
5. Ohio State – 110 … (4)
6. Columbia – 106 … (3)
7. Northwestern – 89 … (8)
8. Pennsylvania – 81 … (t10)
9. Temple – 80 … (9)
10. St. John's – 57 … (5)
Also Receiving Votes (panel submits top-15) – Brown 38, Cornell 37, Duke 29 (t-10th in final 2013 poll), Stanford 28, Yale 9, North Carolina 8, Air Force 6, Sacred Heart 4, Boston College 3, UC San Diego 3, Brandeis 2, Johns Hopkins 1.
Voting Panel – Michael Aufrichtig (Columbia), Alex Beguinet (Duke; men's poll only), Janusz Bednarski (Notre Dame), Zoltan Dudas (Princeton), Sydney Fadner (Boston College), Nikki Franke (Temple; votes on women's poll only), Wes Glon (Penn State), Josh Runyan (UC San Diego), Laurie Schiller (Northwestern), Bill Shipman (Brandeis) and Tom Vrabel (Sacred Heart).
Poll Notes: coach Beguinet votes only on the men's poll and coach Franke votes only on the women's poll; there are 10 voters for each poll – four from the Northeast region, three from the Mid-Atlantic/South, two from the Midwest and one from the West; the amount of voters per region (4-3-2-1) is in approximate ratio to the amount of schools in each region that sponsor varsity fencing – 18 in the Northeast, 13 in the Mid-Atlantic/South, 7 in the Midwest and 4 in the West … seven of these schools sponsor only a varsity women's fencing team: CCNY, Cornell, Fairleigh Dickinson, Northwestern, Queens, Temple, Tufts and Wellesley.
Already harshly criticized for confusion in its earthquake relief effort in Kobe, the Government is now suffering the embarrassment of reports that Japan's largest organized crime group is running a big operation to provide food and supplies to quake victims.
For the fourth straight day, the Yamaguchi-gumi, a feared group of gangsters based in Kobe, handed out food, water and diapers today to people in its devastated neighborhood. In Japan, organized crime groups operate largely in the open, and the operation, which is said to be more efficient than the Government's, has been a source of pride for the gangsters.
Toshio Masaki, who described himself as the secretary to the crime family's oyabun, or top boss, said in a telephone interview that the group was handing out 8,000 meals a day from a parking lot next to its headquarters. The food includes bread, powdered milk, mineral water and fresh eggs.
He said the group was using motor scooters, boats and even a helicopter to move precious goods into and around the city, which has been nearly paralyzed by the quake damage and dangerously clogged roadways.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In the difficult years after World War II, the yakuza, as gangsters are known here, developed a reputation as street toughs with hearts, men who plied illegal trades but lent a hand to weaker neighbors. The police admit that they, too, relied on the yakuza to check random street violence and to control left-wing groups.
These two finds from Andy Kaczynski come from the year before Paul's congressional comeback; shades of Gary Hart daring the media to follow him. (What's usually forgotten was that local Florida media was already on to Hart's scandal.) First, some details about the newsletter trade.
Next, start at 1:40 here:
It's nice to have this in the public record, but what's new about it? Paul made money from the newsletters. Paul advertised the newsletters. He doesn't claim anything new in these videos. No – as Sam Stein notices, with a look back into the Nexis machine, it was only in 1996 that Paul acknowledged that he wrote some of the newsletters. In a Dallas Morning News report from May 1996, Catalina Camia asked Paul to explain some of the more embarassing stuff in the survival reports. Paul had not yet seized on his current line, that he had “no idea who wrote” this stuff. What about that line concerning fleet-footed black muggers, for example?
In the interview, he did not deny he made the statement about the swiftness of black men.
“If you try to catch someone that has stolen a purse from you, there is no chance to catch them,” Dr. Paul said.
He also said the comment about black men in the nation's capital was made while writing about a 1992 study produced by the National Center on Incarceration and Alternatives, a criminal justice think tank based in Virginia.
Citing statistics from the study, Dr. Paul then concluded in his column: Given the inefficiencies of what DC laughingly calls the criminal justice system, I think we can safely assume that 95 percent of the black males in that city are semi-criminal or entirely criminal.”
“These aren't my figures,” Dr. Paul said Tuesday. “That is the assumption you can gather from” the report.
Twelve years later, he was telling CNN he had “no idea who wrote those things.” Today, he's sticking with the same line. This is what politicos call an “evolving postion.” You might have another word for it.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Under Australian law it is a crime to be involved with proscribed militant groups
A nurse who says he was forced to work with Islamic State militants in Syria has appeared in court in Sydney.
Adam Brookman, 39, was detained on Friday at Sydney International Airport relating to "his alleged involvement in the conflict in Syria", police said.
He is the first Australian to return from Syria or Iraq since the country brought in new anti-terror laws.
Justice Minister Michael Keenan had said he was entitled to return but would be investigated.
Mr Brookman, a Muslim convert, says he travelled to Syria to do humanitarian work but was forced to work with IS when he was injured in an air strike and taken to a militant-controlled hospital.
"The man voluntarily surrendered himself to Turkish officials in Turkey on Tuesday, 21 July," a police statement said.
His return to Australia had been negotiated with Australian government and international agencies, it said.
The police have not specified the charges against Mr Brookman.
He did not speak as he appeared in the Sydney court via video link.
He will be moved to Melbourne at the request of anti-terrorism officials, local media reports.
New Foreign Fighters legislation has made it a crime to assist militant groups in the Middle East.
Australia is on high alert for attacks by radicalised Muslims, including those returning home from fighting in the Middle East.
In December last year, the country specifically banned travel to Syria's Raqqa province, which is held by IS.
It means anyone entering the area could face up to 10 years in prison unless they have a legitimate reason, including family visits, journalism or aid work.
According to the government, at least 100 Australians are fighting with terror groups in the Middle East, and another 150 people in Australia are known to be supporting such groups.
Abbott to target domestic extremists
Make way, bitcoin . There's a competing digital currency angling for the spotlight.
Merchants and investors are taking notice of litecoin, which is pitched by its developers as cheaper to generate, more plentiful and easier to use for small transactions than bitcoin. While prices for both have slid since a surge late last year, litecoin's remains about 490 percent higher than six months ago, compared with about 140 percent for bitcoin. Daily litecoin transactions also have climbed faster.
The total value of litecoins available for use ranks second only to bitcoin's, according to CoinMarketCap, a website tracking more than 200 digital currencies. That status has helped make litecoin an obvious alternative for investors and enthusiasts seeking new opportunities to profit from virtual money.
“Litecoin right now is where bitcoin was the same time last year,” Michael Curry, co-founder of Canadian digital- currency exchange Vault of Satoshi, said in an interview. “As people are becoming more familiar with bitcoin, they are starting to see there are other coins out there.”
Bitcoins jumped from about $13 at the start of last year to more than $1,200 in December, then slid to about $490 as of yesterday, according to CoinDesk, which tracks prices across key exchanges. Litecoins, which surpassed $48 in November, traded for about $12 yesterday, according to data from exchange BTC-e.
The average number of daily transactions in litecoins this month is 155 percent greater than October's level, according to CoinDesk data. That compares with a 19 percent increase for bitcoins. Daily transactions in bitcoins this month still outnumber those in litecoins almost sevenfold, the data show.
Cheaper Mining
Technology enthusiasts and venture capitalists are pitching digital currencies as fast and cheap alternatives to traditional financial systems, in which middlemen such as networks, merchant acquirers and banks take a cut. Backers also argue that instruments such as bitcoin may be of use to people and businesses in countries with unstable currencies.
Litecoins are drawing notice in part because they can be mined more cheaply than bitcoins. The process uses computers to solve software problems and unlock new digital coins. While bitcoinspeculators compete with increasingly expensive machines, litecoins were designed to be efficiently mined with consumer-grade hardware, even if some miners prefer powerful processors.
Sam Cole, co-founder of KnCMiner, one of the biggest mining companies, said equipment used for mining litecoins and similarly designed alternative currencies now accounts for 60 percent of sales.
‘More Accessible'
The maximum number of litecoins that can be mined is four times more than that for bitcoins, potentially making them more attractive to users and miners. Miners have more rewards to go around, while consumers may see litecoins as more affordable, even if bitcoins are typically spent in pieces.
“This will make litecoin appear more accessible, since its price will climb more slowly than bitcoin,” said Nicholas Colas, chief market strategist at ConvergEx Group, a trading services company in New York.
While both digital currencies can be used at online stores for services and products, such as cosmetics and video games, bitcoin is accepted more widely. Still, some merchants are paying attention to litecoins. Patrick Byrne, chief executive officer of Overstock.com Inc., said in an interview that the online retailer is considering accepting litecoins.
“It's time I start looking hard at it,” said Byrne, whose Salt Lake City-based company accepts bitcoins. “We certainly want to be always at the forefront of accepting such currencies.”
Exchange Trading
More than 36,600 computers are part of the litecoin network, according to BitInfoCharts. That's more than half of the 63,000 nodes for bitcoin, which is more prominent and two years older. At Vault of Satoshi, litecoins account for 20 percent to 25 percent of all trades, Curry said.
At Verbena Products LLC, which sells beauty supplies, litecoin accounts for more than 20 percent of all alternative- currencies sales, while bitcoin takes up the rest, President Robert Roque said in an interview.
“In terms of a payment solution for us, it's as good as bitcoin,” Roque said. “It just doesn't have the popularity of bitcoin. But a lot of exchanges are beginning to accept litecoin, and that should create liquidity for the future.”
Bitcoin's ‘Silver'
Litecoin was created in 2011 by Charles Lee, who now works for bitcoin company Coinbase Inc. Based on the bitcoin software, it seeks to offer improvements on the basic technology, including a faster transaction time to ease purchases of small items, like coffee or bagels.
“Litecoin has always been viewed as silver to bitcoin's gold,” Anton Yemelyanov, one of the core litecoin developers, said in an interview. “Bitcoin would be used to transact larger value transactions, whereas litecoin would absorb smaller transactional value.”
Some alternative-currency enthusiasts advocate investing in both bitcoins and litecoins to hedge risks.
“If something like a bitcoin failure does take place, litecoin is next in line and uses a different algorithm, so likely won't fall with bitcoin,” said Colin Lusk, a networking engineer in Portland, Oregon, who mines and owns both currencies.
Many digital-currency prices have dropped this year as authorities in a growing number of nations resist virtual money, warning that the instruments suffer from volatility, can be exploited for money-laundering, fraud and terror financing, and may be vulnerable to robbery via hacking.
Litecoin's longevity isn't assured. Some 230 alternative coins exist, according to CoinMarketCap, with more added weekly — and nearly each one touts unique features. Several of them, such as dogecoin, are gaining attention. For now, most venture capitalists are still focused on bitcoins.
“Alternative currencies are great,” said Adam Draper, CEO of Boost VC, which invests in bitcoinstartups. “They all run into the same problem, though, which is: They are not bitcoin.”
UPDATE: Shooter took his life after wounding two at 46th and Kansas, police say
UPDATE: Police now say 31-year-old Theodore Williams shot and killed himself after shooting and wounding 54-year-old Charles Whitney and 31-year-old Sheretta Johnson.Previous coverage:The shootings happened at a home near 46th and Kansas at 10:04 a.m. Wednesday.Police say they found Williams and Whitney; Williams was dead and Whitney was transported to the Creighton University Medical Center.While officers were dispatched to the scene, Johnson arrived at Immanuel Medical Center by private vehicle. Police said they weren't looking for any suspects, although the investigation is ongoing.
UPDATE: Police now say 31-year-old Theodore Williams shot and killed himself after shooting and wounding 54-year-old Charles Whitney and 31-year-old Sheretta Johnson.
Previous coverage:
The shootings happened at a home near 46th and Kansas at 10:04 a.m. Wednesday.
Police say they found Williams and Whitney; Williams was dead and Whitney was transported to the Creighton University Medical Center.
[Video: 1 man dead, 2 injured in Omaha shooting]
While officers were dispatched to the scene, Johnson arrived at Immanuel Medical Center by private vehicle.
Police said they weren't looking for any suspects, although the investigation is ongoing.
AlertMe
Do you have yet another term paper due? You could spend hours in the library, researching related academic articles, pouring over the text, and looking for an insightful thesis to pursue. You could cram on the weekend, double-down on a second draft, hit up TA's office hours, and revise accordingly.
Or you could hire an unemployed professor to do the work for you. I did—and I got an A-.
Unemployed Professors connects privileged, unmotivated college students with professors across a variety of fields. Since 2011, it's operated a black market for homework. Of course, the practice has always existed, but the Internet has made it all the easier to operate, and with teachers increasingly desperate for a paycheck, it's starting to become a viable form of income for educators.
“Even during the dog days of summer, the number of requests is quite high,” T.G., the first anonymous professor hired by the site, told me. He estimates that he's completed 700 of the site's 13,000 commissioned projects to date.
Here's how it works: Students sign up for a free account and post the criteria of their paper, including page length and due date, as a “project.” Once posted, professors specializing in the field of study will place bids on it. (The site boasts a Yelp-like review system for professors, with ratings and reviews.) When an ideal bid is placed, the student will transfer the money from his or her account to the professor's. It's that simple.
I contacted Dwight Dewerth-Pallmeyer, the director of the communications studies department at Widener University in suburban Philadelphia, to test the quality of Unemployed Professors. He assigned me an actual term paper from his “Mass Media and Society” course that asked students to apply one of several media theories to an actual piece of media.
Three days after posting the assignment to the site, I had seven different offers from professors, all of them willing to my dirty work for me. I ultimately went with professor “Deleuzienne,” whose expertise apparently includes a Ph.D. in film and media studies. He's completed 594 papers to date, boasts a perfect user rating, and uses a photo of French philospher Gilles Deleuze as his avatar. His most recent review is telling: “my go-to Professor…gave him the paper in the middle of the week and needed it back by sunday…got it back next day…this guy is dedicated to his craft…thank you so much.”
In less than a week, I had a fully completed, five-page paper. It only set me back $130.
These days, there's a black market for everything you can imagine. You can buy fake YouTube views, Twitter followers, and even job references. There's an entire hoax economy devoted to manipulating your online appearance.
But the idea of the practice infiltrating academia has raised serious concern from students who are doing everything above board.
“The statement that kind of site makes is that college students are lazy and if you have the money, you can pass without working for it,” Micki Hernandez, a broadcasting major at Temple University in Philadelphia, told the Daily Dot.
“Professors assign papers so that students must actively engage with and learn the subject in the class that they signed up and paid for,” added Harri Plotnick, an international relations major at Tulane University in New Orleans. “If students pay someone else to write their papers, they are actually doing a disservice to themselves because they won't learn and be prepared for exams.”
T.G., however, is quick to counter that Unemployed Professor isn't the problem, but rather an unfortunate necessity spurred by an outdated education system.
“I've learned more about teaching, in my two-and-a-bit years of ghostwriting than I have from my five-plus years of teaching,” he said. “There really is a dark side to the undergraduate experience, in terms of time pressure as well as in terms of dissonance between instructor expectations and student capabilities, that I simply did not realize as a strong student, or even as a professor.”
He doesn't see an ethical dilemma, either.
“The chastising which does occur tends to come from an uppity purported moral high ground that just doesn't exist in academia anymore,” T.G. countered. “Combining the demise of the tenure system with the hyperbole of college athletics, especially in the U.S., we're left with a broken system that's premised more on the combination of entertainment and earning a degree as a ‘box to check on a list,' rather than with one premised on self-actualization and education as a goal in-and-of-itself. If the system wasn't broken, I'd have a problem with it.”
“I offer a service,” he continued, “in a commoditized academic marketplace, that is in high demand, and which I'm really good at providing.”
Screengrab via Unemployed Professors
It's hard to argue with results.
Professor Dewerth-Pallmeyer awarded my paper a grade I would have been thrilled to receive as a student. In his notes, he said the paper “does a good job explicating various takes on the writings of McLuhan.” It's also worth noting that the paper didn't raise any flags on TurnItln, the plagiarism-detection service used by teachers.
But grades are but just one small facet of the college experience. Your GPA might be the first thing that an employer looks at, but it's not going to help you in the workplace. You need actionable skills—the kind developed through the rigors of higher education.
As Dewerth-Pallmeyer was keen to note, the site also puts an unnecessary burden on teachers, forcing them to “spend even more time acting as plagiarism police and less time as educators of critical thinking.”
“Certainly, one can get [ahead] by in life by cheating the system. But what does one really get?” Dewerth-Pallmeyer asked.
“We academics try to teach students [that] education really is much more than grades and job preparation. It is about learning to think, to develop an appreciation for the arts and the sciences, religion and philosophy. It is about using critical thinking to solve complex problems. …
“A diploma is really only a testament to work done, not work stolen.”
Illustration by Jason Reed
"Torn" is a song written by Scott Cutler, Anne Preven and Phil Thornalley in 1993. It was first recorded that year in Danish (renamed "Brændt", Danish for "Burned") by singer Lis Sørensen, then two years later by Cutler and Preven's American alternative rock band Ednaswap, and in 1996 by American-Norwegian singer Trine Rein.
"Torn" is best known as Australian pop singer Natalie Imbruglia's 1997 debut single, which peaked at number one on singles charts in Belgium, Denmark, Canada, Spain and Sweden and on Billboard's Mainstream Top 40 and Adult Top 40 charts. It reached number two on the ARIA Singles Chart and the Italian, Swiss and United Kingdom charts.
Original version [ edit ]
"Torn" was written in 1993 by Scott Cutler and Anne Preven with producer Phil Thornalley as a solo song for Preven. Cutler and Preven's band Ednaswap performed it live.[1]
The first recording of the song was in 1993 by the Danish singer Lis Sørensen as "Brændt" (Burned) after it was translated by Elisabeth Gjerluff Nielsen.
Ednaswap released a recorded version in 1995. The song followed the single "Glow" from their eponymous debut album. Thornalley and Cutler produced the session.
The band later released several variations and remixes of the song as B-sides and on their album Wacko Magneto.
The song has been covered several times by different artists, first by Norwegian singer Trine Rein in 1996.
Natalie Imbruglia version [ edit ]
In 1997, Australian singer Natalie Imbruglia, working with Thornalley, covered the song for her debut studio album Left of the Middle (1997). Imbruglia's version was recorded in Kilburn, London with David Munday (lead guitar), Phil Thornalley (bass, rhythm guitars), Chuck Sabo (drums), Henry Binns, Sam Hardaker (Zero 7) (drum programming) and Katrina Leskanich (background vocals). It was mixed by Nigel Godrich. Released as a single, Imbruglia's version became a worldwide hit.
For the track, Imbruglia received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance, losing to Celine Dion's "My Heart Will Go On". The music video for "Torn" features British actor Jeremy Sheffield.
Imbruglia also recorded an acoustic version of the song in 2001 for MTV Unplugged.
Music video [ edit ]
The music video to Natalie Imbruglia's cover version, directed by Alison Maclean, features a shot of an apartment that never changes its angle of vision. Shots of Imbruglia singing along with the song are interspersed with footage of her and British actor Jeremy Sheffield engaging in a romantically inclined conversation. These couple of scenes turn out to be B-roll footage, as the two actors are seen fumbling their lines and positions; and the director constantly steps into frame to redirect the two. During the last chorus, the apartment walls start wobbling and the crew comes to dismantle it, revealing the location to be a set inside a soundstage. Imbruglia begins to dance during the finishing guitar solo as her "world" crumbles around her.[3]
The song was pantomimed by David Armand for a 2005 HBO broadcast which spread on the internet. This popularity of the "Karaoke for the Deaf" performance by Armand as Johan Lippowitz resulted in the 2006 live performance (Amnesty International's Secret Policeman's Ball) with Imbruglia where she sings "Torn" and then joins into the "interpretive dance" pantomime featuring both Armand and Imbruglia acting out the words of the song.[4]
Track listing [ edit ]
BMG international single / UK CD single #1
"Torn" (4:06) "Sometimes" (3:52) "Frightened Child" (1:37)
UK CD single #2
"Torn" (4:06) "Contradictions" (4:07) "Diving in the Deep End" (3:30)
UK cassette single
"Torn" (4:06) "Sometimes" (3:52) (incorrectly listed on reverse sleeve as 5:51)
Europe CD single
"Torn" (4:06) "Diving in the Deep End" (3:54)
Chart performance [ edit ]
The physical single of Imbruglia's version of the song has sold more than 4 million copies worldwide, including more than 1 million copies in the UK alone.[5] In the UK, it is the 85th biggest selling single of all time.[6] The track peaked at #2 for three weeks, being held off the top spot by Aqua's "Barbie Girl" and then dropped to #4. On 24 September 2007, Natalie Imbruglia's version of the song re-entered the UK Singles Chart at #70, on the strength of digital sales after her greatest hits album was released. In the Flanders region of Belgium, the single peaked at a number one for 7 consecutive weeks and charted for 22 weeks. On the all-time Ultratop charts, it maintains a position of #107.
As of 2011, "Torn" holds the record for most played song on Australian radio since 1990, played more than 300,500 times since its 1997 release, an average of 75 times a day, based on data compiled by the Australian Performing Rights Association (APRA).[7]
In the United States, the song peaked at #1 on the Hot 100 Airplay chart for 11 consecutive weeks. However, as a result of rules preventing tracks which had not been released as physical singles from charting on the Billboard Hot 100, the song did not chart there during its peak of popularity in the United States. When the song was declining in popularity, the rules changed to allow airplay-only songs onto the chart, and the song charted for 2 weeks, peaking at number 42.
In 2013, "Torn" was declared the No. 1 Best Pop Song on a top 10 list, part of a larger collection of songs by Q magazine in their special edition 1001 Best Songs Ever issue.[8] Billboard ranked "Torn" the No. 26 Best Pop Song based only on pop radio charts compiled between 1992 and 2012.[9] "Torn" remained the 19th most played song in the UK from 2001 to 2010.[10] In 2005, "Torn" was listed at No. 383 on Blender magazine's list of "500 Greatest Songs Since You Were Born".[11]
Charts and certifications [ edit ]
Rouge version [ edit ]
Brazilian girl group Rouge recorded a Portuguese version of the song, titled "O Amor é Ilusão" (lit.: "Love is an illusion"), included in the group's 2005 studio album Mil e Uma Noites. It was the album's second and last single, and their last overall until "Tudo É Rouge" in 2013.
The lyrics were written by Milton Guedes, who co-wrote their hits "Não Dá pra Resistir", "Beijo Molhado", and others, with production by Rick Bonadio.
Background [ edit ]
After three studio albums, their record label Sony BMG demanded a compilation album, against the band members' wishes. At the time, rumors of their breakup circulated in the press, and they felt a new release would help dispel those allegations. Mil e Uma Noites was eventually released as a compromise, with most tracks being previously released hits, plus six all-new tracks.[58]
As always, the album featured songs originally in English rewritten for Portuguese, including "Torn".[59] After the success of the album's first single "Vem Habib (Wala Wala)", "O Amor é Ilusão" was announced as the follow-up and released in late September.[59]
This version keeps most of the original's lyrical themes, about a lost love who gradually drifts away from the narrator.
Charts [ edit ]
Chart (2005) Peak
position Brazil (Brasil Hot 100 Airplay)[60] 23
Covers and remixes [ edit ]
The first recorded version of the song was a translation by Danish singer Lis Sørensen, "Brændt" (which translates to "Burnt" in English), in 1993. Sørensen's version has a classic rock acoustic feel, and at 4:38 is somewhat longer than any of the other versions. Stylistically it is very close to Imbruglia's version, most likely because (as Preven has said in an interview) their early demo was almost exactly like Imbruglia's version. There are also some similarities to the Ednaswap version, including a longer bridge and a very long outro. The outro does not include the guitar solo at the end.
The second version of the song can be found on Ednaswap's self-titled first album. The sound is much darker than Imbruglia's version, but has an almost identical structure. It is characterized by haunting and somewhat harsh electric guitars, a longer bridge that does not include a breakdown (which the Imbruglia version, Trine Rein version and Lis Sørenson version all do), and a very long outro that fades out before it is finished. The bridge is the only part of the song where the acoustic guitar chords that are prominent in every other version can be easily heard.
After Ednaswap released their original album, it was covered by Norwegian singer Trine Rein on her 1996 album Beneath My Skin. Trine Rein's version is almost exactly like Imbruglia's version (and is even in English), but has a much more melodramatic feel, with piano chord hits throughout and harder electric guitar accents. The Trine Rein version has a similar bridge to Lis Sørenson's version, as long as the original Ednaswap version, but with a breakdown like Imbruglia copied.
In 1996, Ednaswap released a completely retooled version on Chicken. The song is much slower and has a sparser texture. The first verse is very subtle, and kicks into high gear after the first chorus. There is no bridge, and a very short outro without the guitar solo that is in almost every version. In all, it is presented as a power ballad and sounds much "rawer" and harder than the other versions.
In 1997, Ednaswap released Wacko Magneto, which has a remixed version of the song from the "Chicken" EP. The only difference between the two are the imperceptible background vocal effects and screeching guitars at some points of the song.
In 1998, Ednaswap released a "Radio Mix" of the song on their single "Back on the Sun." There are many electronic accents throughout the song. There is no bridge, and the outro is sung by Ednaswaps's lead singer Anne Preven rather than played on an electric guitar.
Other covers include those done by dance cover artist Natalie Browne, punk band Off by One, rock band Hands Like Houses, and many Latin American artists.
The Uzbek band Bolalar has recorded a version of Natalie Imbruglia's cover called "Sogʻindim ishon" ("Believe me, I miss you").
Reggae fusion artist Terro 3000 sampled the song in 2008 on his song "This Is How I Feel". The song appeared in the television series Charmed, in the episode "I've Got You Under My Skin". In October 2011, Megan Mullally and Casey Wilson performed the song together on the sitcom Happy Endings, in the episode "Yesandwitch". The Australian comedy band The Axis of Awesome sang the chorus of the song in their 4-chord song mashup of pop hits with the same 4 chords.
In Chile, Imbruglia's versión of the song was soundtrack of TVN soap opera Separados.
In 2014, Australian rock band Hands Like Houses covered the song for Punk Goes 90s Vol. 2.
In May 2017, Alex Lahey covered the song on Triple J, Like a Version.
In October 2017, the New York-based international gypsy punk band Gogol Bordello covered the song for an episode of the A.V. Club.
In September 2018, the Welsh pop-punk band Neck Deep covered the song for the Songs That Saved My Life compilation album from Hopeless Records.
By of the
Target found itself in some hot water this week when shoppers noticed that the retailer was referring to the color of a grey dress differently in the "plus" size than for regular sizes.
Consumers noticed that the chain's website referred to a kimono women's dress as "dark heather gray" for standard sizes, but "manatee grey" for plus sizes. A manatee is a very large marine mammal that can weigh up to 1,300 pounds.
Shoppers found the label offensive and down-putting. An offended customer tweeted her findings Wednesday and received a reply from Target the same day.
"We apologize for this unintentional oversight & never intend to offend our guests," the retailer said in a Tweet. "We've heard you, and we're working to fix it ASAP."
A Target spokeswoman said that Target often uses the seasonal manatee gray color label and that the different color labels were attached because of "a communication error" between the two teams uploading products onto the chain's website.
On the company's website, the color for the plus-size dress is now simply referred to as "gray."
Amazon has stayed relatively silent on the topic of VR-based e-commerce and the VR platform in general, especially as fellow tech titans like Facebook and Google have devoted so many resources to virtual reality.
However, the company has been looking to embrace VR content. Last month the company hired former Tribeca Film Festival head Genna Terranova to oversee VR projects at the company's studio.
Now it appears Amazon is looking to bring VR into the shopping experience. A recent job posting shows that the company is looking for a creative director of VR to “envision the future of Amazon's VR solutions,” Variety reports.
The job is with the company's A9 division, which oversees product search and advertising technologies. The posting claims that the division is “building Amazon's VR shopping experience for use by millions of customers on a wide variety of VR devices.”
There isn't too much more in the way of details otherwise; VR certainly offers consumers the chance to observe items in more detail at scale in 3D, but we'll ultimately have to wait and see just how much Amazon wants to see shoppers put on VR headsets before they press the buy button.
This image was lost some time after publication.
It's been years since I attended SXSW Interactive. The conference swelled and shrank with the dotcom boom; if conference attendance is a meaningful indicator, things are booming again — at least for the organizers. A veteran of the conference circuit laid out the math for me: There are roughly 8,000 attendees this year. Of those, about 5,000 are paid — panelists, media, and a host of other people get in for free. Those who pay are shelling out anywhere from $325 to $450 apiece. (Full disclosure: I'm attending free as a panelist, though I would otherwise have applied for a press pass.) My back-of-the-envelope calculation puts SXSW Interactive's take somewhere in the range of $1.6 million to $2.2 million. That barely covers the event's costs; most of the profit comes from sponsorships. Still, $2 million in 5 days? Startups would kill for that run rate.
41.9K Shares
A month ago, I cried for the seventh time this year.
I was preparing to give a keynote, and I desperately needed my eyebrows arched. I looked up places in my small, Central Californian town and found one with great reviews on Yelp.
I called to schedule an appointment and the woman responded, “Sorry, ladies only. ”
A flood of anxiety and self-loathing filled me to tears. To know that my voice, isolated from my body, marked me as male was soul crushing.
It took me thirty minutes to muster the courage to call another place, hoping for more inclusivity and welcome.
Later that day, while trying to get my nails done, I had a similarly crushing experience.
After the salon manager gave me so many uncomfortable looks, smacked me on the back, and called me trouble, I found myself humiliated, rushing to pay, ruining my fresh nails, and falling to tears for the eighth time.
I know that some of you are probably wondering why I would react so intensely to what might seem like no big deal or minuscule, even, to larger systems of oppression.
But for trans women, who spend a lifetime having the authenticity of our very identity and existence questioned and rejected over and over and over again, these experiences are often life threatening and play a significant role in creating an unsafe world for us.
We are denied access to various women's spaces, like nail and hair salons, political movements, support groups, and bathrooms. And all of these exclusions are based on a simple transmisogynist idea – that trans women aren't women.
The glares and whispers in a nail salon let us know we're not welcome. That covert rejection creates intense anxiety to the extent where, my close trans women friends and I who aren't read as cis women, often don't go to women's spaces alone.
Sometimes we're incredibly isolated and don't leave our homes for fear of public scrutiny and shouted (or whispered) insults.
There's also the life-risking endangerment when we are denied critical resources such as shelters, domestic violence advocacy, and healthcare.
These larger structures greatly impact our livelihoods and expose many trans women, particularly Black trans women who are targeted and surveillanced by the State, to violence.
Imagine not being able to access healthcare. I don't mean exclusively hormone replacement therapy. I'm talking about any healthcare.
Trans women, either because of their income or discomfort with being misgendered by healthcare providers, often avoid going to the doctor.
This barrier to healthcare is a reason why we are at the highest risk of contracting HIV.
Out of the 191 new diagnoses of HIV among transgender people in New York from 2007-2011, 99% of them were trans women – and 90% of those women were Black and/or Latina.
Since many of us have a current or previous history of sex work, contracting HIV could mean the loss of steady income. If you lose your job and your housing, and shelters aren't safe or welcoming to you, what do you do?
We take to living on the streets and somehow make ends meet. While this isn't something that is comfortable to acknowledge, it's absolutely critical in order to ensure the safety and well-being for all trans women.
Fortunately, there's been traction within the feminist movement to be more critical of transmisogyny.
We now have enough visibility and support to write our own books, host our own news segments, and star in television series. This has led to many conversations between trans women and cis women to build solidarity.
This also means that the language around trans women is constantly evolving.
However, there are still a few terms that are used with good intentions that have seriously dire consequences.
Here's a list of three common mistakes well-meaning feminist make when trying to be supportive of trans women:
1. Female-Bodied or Female-Identified
The idea of a female body, when used in writing or political spaces, is usually assumed to be a cis woman's body.
There is no singular female body, and even though feminist movements are broadening the idea of a woman's body to include bigger, disabled, Black and brown women, they are not doing justice to trans women's bodies.
People use “female-bodied” to talk about people assigned female at birth, which completely erases trans women's bodies that are female.
This is a step towards unlearning that penises equates to maleness. That our breasts, whether flat or hormone-grown or implanted, are our breasts and just as natural as any other breast.
Not recognizing our bodies as naturally female supports a patriarchal culture that defines what a woman's body is.
It's not that we want to be perceived as cis women. It's that we want safety from this transmisogynist society – which, until more is done to include and protect us, means being perceived as cis.
It means seeking resources from medical industries that consider our surgeries “cosmetic,” when, in reality, we are just trying to stay alive.
Ideally, a trans woman is inherently a woman and no one questions her. In some small pockets of transfeminist communities, this is true. But in the larger feminist movement, not so much.
Female-identified is another phrase that subtly supports the idea that we aren't women.
This is usually used to be inclusive with the thought being “If you identify yourself as a female, you can be in this space.” Except, do cis women have to exert their womanhood as often as we do? No, not nearly so.
The solution is simple: Advertise that your space is for “trans and cis women,” and we will all come.
An ally action is to explain that it's necessary to name the type of women at this event, just as one may do for an event that's centering women of color, disabled women, and so on.
You don't need to make us invisible to keep us safe. We need to be named and openly supported in women's spaces.
If you want to ensure trans women feel safe, have openly trans women working in the space. Part of this is extending beyond theory into practice.
Instead of saying trans women are welcome to an event run by cis women, have actual trans women in leadership positions to create the events that center and support us. Be someone who offers resources and support to allow us to develop our own women's spaces.
That's the kind of solidarity that truly makes social change.
2. Wombyn or Womyn
Help us keep publishing more like it by Help us keep publishing more like it by becoming a member!
Yesterday California Attorney General Xavier Becerra announced 15 felony charges against two anti-abortion activists, David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt, in connection with their hidden-camera recordings of conversations with Planned Parenthood employees they sought to implicate in the illegal sale of fetal tissue. "The right to privacy is a cornerstone of California's Constitution, and a right that is foundational in a free democratic society," Becerra declared. "We will not tolerate the criminal recording of confidential conversations."
The right to freedom of the press, which Daleiden and Merritt claim they were exercising, is also foundational in a free democratic society, and it conflicts with California's dubious definition of the right to privacy. That conflict is especially troubling when law enforcement officials use privacy as a pretext to attack political opponents, which is what seems to be happening in this case.
Federal law and the laws of 38 states (as well as the District of Columbia) allow any participant in a conversation to record it, with or without the consent of the other parties. California, by contrast, requires the consent of all parties. Recording a "confidential communication" without the consent of all parties is a crime that can be charged as a misdemeanor punishable by up to a year in jail or as a felony punishable by up to three years in prison. The felony charges against Daleiden and Merritt include 14 secretly recorded conversations, plus a conspiracy charge.
Daleiden told The Washington Post he plans to argue that the conversations did not qualify as "confidential" because no party had a reasonable expectation that the discussion would not be overheard. On July 25, 2014, for instance, Daleiden and Merritt, posing as representatives of the fictitious Fetal Tissue Procurement Company, met with Deborah Nucatola, Planned Parenthood's senior director of medical services, over lunch at a Los Angeles restaurant. While testifying before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee in September 2015, Planned Parenthood's president, Cecile Richards, said she had told Nucatola "it was inappropriate to have a clinical discussion in a nonconfidential, nonclinical setting." Other Planned Parenthood videos posted by Daleiden's Center for Medical Progress were also recorded in public settings, such as restaurants and conferences.
In 1999 a California appeals court ruled that NBC News producers did not violate California's wiretapping law when they secretly recorded a lunch meeting at a Malibu restaurant, since the targets, executives of a company that allegedly sold fraudulent toll-free numbers, "had no objective expectation of privacy in their business lunch meeting." The court noted that one of the executives conceded he "did not say anything he thought was a secret," that the meeting involved a standard sales pitch, and that the executives showed no reticence around the restaurant's staff.
According to the Digital Media Law Project's explanation of California's law, however, the setting of a conversation is not necessarily dispositive. "If you are recording someone without their knowledge in a public or semi-public place like a street or restaurant," it says, "the person whom you're recording may or may not have 'an objectively reasonable expectation that no one is listening in or overhearing the conversation,' and the reasonableness of the expectation would depend on the particular factual circumstances. Therefore, you cannot necessarily assume that you are in the clear simply because you are in a public place."
Daleiden suggested another possible defense in an email to the Associated Press. "The public knows the real criminals are Planned Parenthood and their business partners," he said. California's eavesdropping law allows the recording of a confidential communication "for the purpose of obtaining evidence reasonably believed to relate to the commission by another party to the communication" of certain crimes: "extortion, kidnapping, bribery, any felony involving violence against the person," and telephonic harassment. The illegal sale of fetal tissue does not seem to qualify.
Daleidan's lawyer, Steve Cooley, a former Los Angeles district attorney, describes him as "nothing more than a First Amendment journalist pursuing a good cause and fighting a battle, now a martyr who's being crushed by the power of the State of California." California's courts may not be receptive to a First Amendment defense in this case. A 1999 decision by the California Supreme Court suggests that Daleidan had a First Amendment right to post his Planned Parenthood videos, but that does not necessarily mean he had a First Amendment right to make the videos if doing so violated the eavesdropping law. "The press in its newsgathering activities enjoys no immunity or exemption from generally applicable laws," the court said in that case, which involved a TV station's recording of a car accident victim. "The First Amendment does not immunize the press from liability for torts or crimes committed in an effort to gather news."
That principle makes sense as a general matter, but it does not resolve the question of whether California's all-party consent rule for recording conversations protects a bona fide right that trumps what would otherwise be the First Amendment right to gather information. Unlike laws against trespassing and theft (which do not and should not become legal when committed by members of the press in pursuit of a story), the recording rule is arbitrary and does not apply in most of the country.
The First Amendment implications of the charges against Daleidan and Merritt become even clearer when you consider that the case was initiated by Becerra's predecessor, Kamala Harris, during her successful campaign for the U.S. Senate. Harris, a pro-choice Democrat, is a loud supporter of Planned Parenthood who stood to gain politically by pursuing a criminal case against two of the organization's most prominent critics. Her campaign website urged voters to "take a stand and join Kamala in defending Planned Parenthood." Harris's office collaborated with Planned Parenthood on A.B. 1671, a legislative response to Daleidan's videos that makes it a crime to publish "the contents of a confidential communication with a health care provider" recorded in violation of the wiretapping statute. Becerra, until recently a congressman and chairman of the House Democratic Caucus, was appointed to replace Harris by Gov. Jerry Brown.
Would California's attorney general have pursued felony charges against pro-choice activists who used hidden cameras to record meetings with the operators of "crisis pregnancy centers" that steer women away from abortion? If not, Becerra's concern about "the right to privacy" is nothing more than a pious-sounding cover for a political vendetta.
Andrea Hudy, the gatekeeper of the Kansas weight room whose actual title is wordier and much less fitting, has a theory about senior Frank Mason III that perfectly summarizes the ferocious and efficient way the KU point guard has played during his magnificent senior season.
“He's a high-end sports car that needs to get tuned up all the time,” said Hudy of KU's leading scorer, who is gunning to become the first player in Big 12 history to average 20 points and five assists in a single season. “We're talking about performance, health and durability. Frank takes a beating, and because (of that), you just need to take care of that sports car and make sure it stays on the road.”
In Mason's case, that road is one he hopes will lead to the Final Four. But there have been plenty of pit stops along the way and figure to be more in the coming weeks.
In the mix for multiple national player of the year honors, a virtual lock for the Big 12 player of the year hardware and the heart and soul of a top-ranked Kansas team that has visions of hanging KU's sixth national championship banner, Hudy said Mason would not be where he was today without paying careful attention to building, maintaining and nurturing his body.
This is nothing new for the man whom Hudy compared to a Ferrari or an Aston Martin.
Since arriving on KU's campus in the summer of 2013 — and even before — the 5-foot-11 point guard from Petersburg, Va., always has made taking care of his body a top priority.
Last summer, however, Mason shifted his mentality from maintaining his body to putting it through hell.
“I just pushed myself harder than I ever had before,” Mason told the Journal-World during a recent interview. “I set more goals and focused on that and worked really hard to achieve them. That was my mindset coming into this year — try to do the most work I've ever put in. I got after it, and here we are today.”
All work and no play
To Mason, it really was that simple, even if most of the work he did — often all alone in an empty gym — would have killed many players on the Kansas basketball roster.
While waking up to a total-body workout every day, Mason said he emphasized conditioning more than ever — think running stairs, short sprints, long distances and pushing through the pain of it all to do a little more — and wanted to get bigger and stronger to be able to better finish better near the basket.
Think about all of the hard falls that Mason took during his first three years as a Jayhawk. And now think about how many of those types of spills — the ones where you weren't quite sure if he was going to get up or wondered if he had seriously injured himself — you saw Mason suffer this season.
Instead of getting hit and falling, Mason now has found the ability to absorb the contact and finish through it.
“It's not our goal to get big chests and big upper bodies, because that doesn't do well for change of direction,” explained Hudy, noting that lifting lighter weight at a faster rate, and not bulking up, was a major point of emphasis for Mason in the offseason. “Let's get you faster and maybe that strength can transfer to lateral agility or posturing or prolonging force production so that, when you do get hit, you can take that force and keep going with what you're doing.”
Hudy gave an example.
In the past, Mason may have pushed 300 pounds at a speed of 0.4 meters per second. According to Hudy, that's pretty slow. But by decreasing the weight and lifting 150 pounds instead, Mason now adds strength by exceeding speeds of 1.0 meters per second.
“Basketball isn't a slow sport,” Hudy said. “So what we've really started to focus on is this velocity of movement. And we can measure it with the software that we have. We've really focused on high-end speed things that will hopefully transfer to the court.”
'He's just a competitor'
While focusing on faster movements in the weight room was somewhat new to Mason, to Hudy, the whole thing was merely a continuation of a four-year process that has been marked by physical growth and mental understanding.
“The weight room is part of our practice culture,” she said. “We're on a 46- to 48-week commitment. We see them 4-6 times a week. It doesn't have to be hard, it just has to be consistent. And we get our results based on the consistency.”
Mason is nothing if not consistent. From the minute he arrived in Lawrence to today, the all-business athlete who has become a fan favorite and one day will have his jersey hanging in the rafters of Allen Fieldhouse — Self said as much on his radio show Tuesday night — Mason has let his work do the talking for him and added layers to his game that have taken him from nice piece to potential player of the year.
Want to know what Mason did upon returning to Lawrence back in November after hitting a game-winning shot in the final seconds to beat No. 1 Duke in the Champions Classic in New York? After a two-hour bus ride to the airport in NYC and a four-hour trip home from there, he dropped off his bags in his room and went to the practice gym to shoot.
“I've been with him for three years and I know his work ethic, just being with him, playing with him,” said junior running mate Devonté Graham of Mason. “He's just a competitor. And I think I got a lot of my competitive spirit from him when I first got here, just watching him compete.”
Giving his all
To the casual observer, Mason's bigger biceps, neck, shoulders and chest suggest that the work he put in last summer was a success.
For what it's worth, while a glance at side by side images of the Kansas point guard from 2016 and 2017 shows subtle changes, Hudy, who sees these athletes nearly every day, said she did not notice much difference in Mason's body and Mason said he both saw it and felt it.
Regardless of the physical differences, and whether one eye sees them or another does not, everyone can agree that the foundation for one of the best seasons a Jayhawk has had in the Bill Self era did not come from a few months of extra effort.
Instead, Mason's monster year was the result of ongoing effort and an attention to detail that goes beyond X's and O's, watching film and executing in crunch time.
Back to that sports car analogy, Mason has never missed an oil change, constantly keeps his parts cared for and firing, and is never afraid to put the pedal down on game days.
“He's just always in the gym, always taking care of his body,” Graham said. “He tells me to get in the cold tub all the time, but I just can't do it because it's too cold. He gets in there almost every day.”
With the Jayhawks down to the regular-season finale — 5 p.m. Saturday at Oklahoma State — and whatever their postseason fate holds after that, Hudy can't help but look back at all that Mason has accomplished this season with great pride.
There were no magic moments when Mason requested to get bigger and Hudy dialed up a plan to make it happen, just a mutual understanding of what was desired and how to get there.
“Frank really speaks our language,” Hudy said. “He's a proud Jayhawk, this means a lot to him and he's going to go above and beyond to do right by himself and this university.”
Added Mason: “I just wanted to do everything I could to put us in the best position possible. And that's what I told the guys — just do everything the right way and give us the best chance.”
No need to don a hard hat just yet. The odds that one of the millions of pieces of trash orbiting Earth will fall and hit you are about one in a trillion, says Bill Ailor, director of the Center for Orbital and Reentry Debris Studies.
The risk that someone will get hit can run far higher, though, says Nicholas Johnson, NASA's chief scientist for orbital debris. NASA and other space agencies aim to keep the risk of injury from falling objects lower than one in 10,000. The risks typically run higher with large objects. For example, there's a one-in-1,000 shot that the Hubble Space Telescope could hit someone if it falls from orbit once it's decommissioned, so NASA will preemptively steer it into the ocean.
There's only one recorded instance of debris hitting a person. In 1997 Lottie Williams was exercising in a park in Tulsa, Oklahoma, when a DVD-size piece of metal mesh from a spent Delta II rocket hit her shoulder. It fell at what NASA classifies as "a very low speed," and she walked away unscathed.
Debris includes spent rocket stages, pieces of broken-down satellites and random objects, like the tools that drifted off during a spacewalk last year. According to NASA, there are some 18,000 objects in orbit larger than a softball; 300,000 that are larger than a nickel; and millions that are even smaller (among them, the 150,000 sugar-cube-size chunks produced when the Chinese military shot down one of its defunct satellites in 2007). We don't have to worry about those down here, but the flotsam orbits at 18,000 mph — fast enough for a fleck of paint seven thousandths of an inch to gash the space shuttle's window in 1983.
This generation of trash will breed even more as the softball-size pieces slam into and break up bigger objects, creating an even larger debris cloud. But even then, most of the new stuff will burn up on reentry, so unless you make regular trips into orbit, you can probably put space debris out of your mind.
Share. But will Neil Patrick Harris play him? But will Neil Patrick Harris play him?
Look for an update to this article below, with more information.
At the TCA (Television Critics Association) press tour today, Greg Berlanti revealed the villain for the upcoming Supergirl/The Flash musical crossover will be none other than The Music Meister.
The Music Meister was created for the animated series Batman: The Brave and the Bold's own musical episode, where his powers caused the superheroes and villains he encountered to break into song. Since the musical Flash/Supergirl crossover was announced, fans have speculated a live-action version of the character would be a natural way to make the plotline work.
Neil Patrick Harris voiced the Music Meister on Brave and the Bold. But could he play him on the show? Said Berlanti, about Harris' potential involvement, "We haven't gone about casting yet. It's the right question though!"
We asked Harris about the possibility a few weeks back when we spoke to him in the video below.
Exit Theatre Mode
Update: Supergirl and The Flash executive producer Andrew Kreisberg also spoke about the musical crossover at TCA later in the day, remarking, “Hearing Melissa [Benoist] and Grant [Gustin] sing. ... I hear Melissa sing all the time, so for you guys to hear that finally will be so great. As much as we hope these shows speak to people, whether socially or Alex's storyline and what it means to people, at the end of the day we're trying to entertain people. ... To be able to do a musical episode is so exciting to us. If anything, it's what I would always love about what Joss Whedon would do [on Buffy] with “Hush” or “The Body.” He'd have these very special episodes, but they were intrinsic to the ongoing storytelling that was going on.”
As for The Flash/Supergirl crossover specifically, he explained, “When we get to the musical episode, both Barry and Kara will find themselves at pivotal crossroads on their respective series, and the experience of going through the musical will have a great impact on both series going forward.”
Regarding the possibility of casting Neil Patrick Harris as the Music Meister, “We're certainly huge fans of him and as the casting process proceeds we'll see what happens.”
As for what characters will be involved, Kreisberg would only say, “There's going to be people from both shows singing,” but did clarify this is a crossover that will involve both series, explaining, “It's going to start on Supergirl and it's going to be resolved on Flash.”
Lastly, the question came up about whether the episode would feature covers or original songs. Said Kriesberg, “We're still writing the script and trying to figure out exactly what we're going to do.”
Additional reporting by Terri Schwartz.
Eric Goldman is a Executive Editor of IGN TV. You can follow him on Twitter at @TheEricGoldman, IGN at ericgoldman-ign and Facebook at Facebook.com/TheEricGoldman.
A MELBOURNE man woke this morning to find his $1200 bike returned, more than a year after it was stolen, along with a handwritten apology note.
Owen Claridge's wife spotted the bike in their front yard in Parkdale and rushed inside to deliver the good news.
“I am so sorry,” the sticky-taped note said in hasty orange highlighter.
Mr Claridge's Diamondback mountain bike was a little weather-beaten, but relatively unscathed.
“It doesn't look like it has even been used,” he said.
Mr Claridge said he had “long ago” given up on ever seeing the bike again.
“I just put it down to bad luck at the time,” Mr Claridge said.
“I wasn't able to afford another one, so I went off biking after that.”
He met with Mordialloc police this morning to report the strange reappearance, who agreed it was “pretty weird”.
Despite the thief's remorse, police investigators will still be obliged to follow up on the incident.
Mr Claridge is just happy to be able to get out on the road again.
“I guess I accept their apology,” he said.
Victoria Police data from the last decade revealed January and March are the worst months for bicycle thefts in the state, with around 460 bikes stolen on average during each period.
Brunswick, Fitzroy, Richmond and St Kilda are consistently the suburbs with the highest rates of bike thefts, according to the 2015 statistics.
Nipple Check in a Chinese Beauty Contest?
Entering a beauty contest requires the full package — you should have the body, the brains, and the personality.
However, in China, officials of a beauty pageant went a little too far regarding body measurements.
Normally, the chest, waist, and hips are measured. In this particular contest, the distance between nipples was included among the criteria!
Yes, if the nipples are not at least 20 centimeters apart, then the contestant is out.
This sparked a lot of buzz on the Internet, especially on Weibo, China's Twitter.
“Why more than 20 centimeters? I honestly don't know who came up with these figures,” one Weibo user posted.
“These beauty contests are absurd,” another user added. “On what basis does these so-called judges use their own standards to measure beauty?”
Even local TV personalities had something to say about it.
Yang Lan wrote on her microblog, “How can beauty standards include breast distance? Do they take women as toys? Judging women by such rigid criteria is so out!”
In addition, beauty contest officials required a certain distance between contestants' pupils: 46% of the distance between one's pupil and her ear.
Link (1)
Share this: Facebook
Google
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia. (Luis Robayo, AFP)
Bogota - Some 400 000 people in Colombia's bustling port city of Buenaventura lost power Sunday after a key electrical tower was destroyed, an act military officials blamed on Farc rebels.
"At 09:45 Buenaventura was left without electrical service," read a statement from the power company, the Energy Enterprise of the Pacific (EPSA).
A military overflight located the destroyed electricity tower some 27km from the urban center of Buenaventura, officials said, after two large explosions were reported.
The port of Buenaventura, Colombia's largest, handles most of the nation's foreign trade.
The attacks notwithstanding, the Marxist rebels with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia and the government are in peace talks dating back to November 2012, to end a decades old civil war.
The conflict has killed some 200 000 people and uprooted more than six million since Farc launched its Marxist-inspired guerrilla insurgency in 1964.
Publicidad
El pueblo los puso el pueblo los quita #RenunciaBaldetti — ®_[KOK¥]_® (@7_jmk) Mayo 9, 2015
Un país unido y despierto, luchando por la verdad y la justicia. Logramos la #renunciaBaldetti ,el proxímo objetivo será #NoLeTocaABaldizon — Mafer Gallegos Maza (@Mafersita8) Mayo 9, 2015
Nuestras voces lograron alcanzar un objetivo, la #renunciaBaldetti. Es el comienzo del cambio para combatir la impunidad y la corrupción. — Mafer Gallegos Maza (@Mafersita8) Mayo 9, 2015
Luego de varias protestas que exigían la renuncia de Roxana Baldetti por supuestas vinculaciones con la red que defraudaba al fisco, la cual era liderada por su exsecretario privado, Juan Carlos Monzón, este viernes en conferencia de prensa, el presidente Otto Pérez confirmó que decidió pedirle la dimisión al cargo.
El mandatario indicó que los motivos manifestados por Baldetti, es para circunscribirse y someterse a las investigaciónes y colaborar con en las investigaciones. La disposición de la renuncia no responde a ninguna gremial es propia, voluntaria de la vicepresidenta y fue trasladada hoy al Legislativo.
ENVIVO. Pérez anuncia renuncia de vicepresidenta Baldetti
“Esperamos se respete decisión, difícil y valiente, las instituciones normas y disposiciones. La decisión es propia y voluntaria de la vicepresidenta”, remarcó el mandatario.
Ahora Pérez deberá remitir una terna al Congreso de la República para que sean los diputados para que sustituyan a Baldetti.
ENVIVO. Pérez anuncia renuncia de vicepresidenta Baldetti
El 6 de mayo el Comité Coordinador de Asociaciones Agrícolas, Comerciales, Industriales y Financieras (Cacif) exigió también la renuncia de Baldetti debido a que ponía en riesgo la institucionalidad del país y personas cercanas a ella están involucradas en casos de corrupción.
El 16 de abril la Comisión Internacional contra la Impunidad en Guatemala (CICIG) y el Ministerio Público desarticularon la red “La Línea” donde participaron los dos exjefes de la Superintendencia de Administración Tributaria, empleados de aduanas y empresarios.
For other people with this name, see William Rankin (disambiguation)
Lieutenant Colonel William Henry Rankin (October 16, 1920 - Pittsburgh — July 6, 2009 - Oakdale) was the only known person to survive a fall from the top of a cumulonimbus thunderstorm cloud.[1] He was a pilot in the United States Marine Corps and a World War II and Korean War veteran. He was flying an F-8 Crusader jet fighter over a cumulonimbus cloud when the engine failed, forcing him to eject and parachute into the cloud.[1] Lieutenant Colonel Rankin wrote a book about his experience, The Man Who Rode the Thunder.[2][3]
The Ejection [ edit ]
On July 26, 1959, Rankin was flying from Naval Air Station South Weymouth, Massachusetts to Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort in South Carolina.[4] He climbed over a thunderhead that peaked at 45,000 feet (13,716 m), then—at 47,000 feet (14,326 m) and at mach 0.82—he heard a loud bump and rumble from the engine. The engine stopped, and a fire warning light flashed.[1] He pulled the lever to deploy auxiliary power, and it broke off in his hand. Though not wearing a pressure suit, at 6:00 pm he ejected into the −50 °C (−58 °F) air.[1] He suffered immediate frostbite, and decompression caused his eyes, ears, nose, and mouth to bleed. His abdomen swelled severely. He did, however, manage to make use of his emergency oxygen supply.[1] Five minutes after he abandoned the plane, his parachute hadn't opened. While in the upper regions of the thunderstorm, with near-zero visibility, the parachute opened prematurely instead of at 10,000 feet (3,000 m) due to the storm affecting the barometric parachute switch to open.[5] After ten minutes, Rankin was still aloft, carried by updrafts and getting hit by hailstones. Violent spinning and pounding caused him to vomit. Lightning appeared, which he described as blue blades several feet thick, and thunder that he could feel. The rain forced him to hold his breath to keep from drowning. One lightning bolt lit up the parachute, making Rankin believe he had died.[1] Conditions calmed, and he descended into a forest. His watch read 6:40 pm. It had been 40 minutes since he ejected. He searched for help and eventually was admitted into a hospital at Ahoskie, North Carolina.[1] He suffered from frostbite, welts, bruises, and severe decompression.
In popular culture [ edit ]
Rankin wrote The Man Who Rode the Thunder about his experience;[3] Floyd C. Gale called the book a "thrilling true adventure".[6] His story was covered in the March 2, 2017 episode of The Dollop Podcast.[7]
See also [ edit ]
Every year since its inception, the Japanese Academy has recognized an outstanding foreign film.[1] The year that any given film is nominated is not based on the film's domestic release date but rather on the date it is released in Japan. As delays of over four months are not uncommon, many films are nominated in Japan the following year after their release to the Japanese market (i.e. Million Dollar Baby won the American Academy Award for Best Picture for films made in 2004, but the Japanese award, based on its localized release date, is for 2005). In fact, not one of the five films nominated for the 2007 Academy Award for Best Picture had been released in Japan by February 15, 2008, the date of the Japan Academy Prize Ceremony. Although the 2007 recipient of this award, Letters from Iwo Jima, a film almost entirely in Japanese, would not seem to meet the qualification of a "Foreign Language Film", the actual Japanese title of the award, 最優秀外国作品賞 makes no mention of language. It would be more accurately translated as "Best Foreign Production".
References [ edit ]
The Blue Jays bullpen has done nothing but enhance its position as the worst relief corps in the American League during this 1-7 slide. Toronto's is the only bullpen in the league with more blown saves (seven) than saves (six). A primary reason for that is the bullpen's inability to strand inherited runners. Overall, the Jays bullpen went into Thursday's game having allowed 26 of 64 inherited runners to score. That's a 41% rate, worst in the league. In the last seven games, Jays relievers have inherited 10 runners and seven of them have scored.
Manager John Gibbons expects that trend to change.
“You can bring in a reliever with two outs and if he gives up a rocket hit right at somebody, you say he did his job,” said Gibbons. “Another guy comes in, makes a better pitch and jams a guy, breaks his bat. The ball drops in, a run scores and he didn't do his job. But he actually made a better pitch. That's kind of how the game works sometimes.
“We're in a rough stretch. You can't sugarcoat that. But we're better than we've played so far.
“We've got a good group down there. They'll keep working and we'll be fine.”
‘ON THE RADAR'
One option out of Buffalo to improve the bullpen is lefthander Luis Perez, who has missed most of the last three years with elbow problems. He underwent Tommy John surgery in July of 2012 and when he returned he needed another operation in 2014 to remove scar tissue from the site of the operation.
After spending 2014 in the Braves system, he re-signed with Toronto this past winter and has been pitching well, first at New Hampshire and now Buffalo.
Perez has appeared in 14 games and has allowed six earned runs over 19 innings, but all six runs came in the same game early in the season. The other 13 appearances have all been scoreless.
“He's throwing good,” said Gibbons. “We like everything we've seen. So he's on the radar, no doubt. I didn't know him when he was pitching well here, but (talent evaluators) are all raving about him.”
NORRIS IMPROVING
Daniel Norris is slated to make his fourth start of the season for Buffalo on Friday in Toledo and if his improving trend continues, he could be back in Toronto in a week or two.
In his first three triple-A starts, Norris has tossed 18 innings, allowed 14 hits, nine walks and has struck out 20. Controlling the bases on balls is the factor that will influence when Norris gets his next promotion.
“We're looking for some consistency,” said Gibbons. “His last outing was pretty good and we want to see him repeat that at least once, maybe a few times. That's for his own benefit.
“We're looking to get him back but he got here so quick and then struggled, you want to make sure that what you did by sending him down was worthwhile. You don't want to rush him back if he's not quite ready to take a step forward. If he wasn't ready, then you're back to square one again.”
Jose Reyes started at shortstop for the Bisons Thursday and is expected to play the entire weekend there before joining the Blue jays back in Toronto on Monday.
TRAVIS GOES ON 15-DAY DL
After missing five days with a bone bruise in his collarbone, Devon Travis was placed on the 15-day disabled list Thursday night, retroactive to last weekend. Munenori Kawasaki was promoted from Buffalo to take Travis's place on the roster.
All mixed drinks can be divided into two categories: good and not good. A cocktail that you finish involuntarily, that moves to your lips again and again without requiring you to decide to raise your arm, is a good one. A cocktail that you finish because you hate to waste alcohol, or one that you don't finish at all, is not good. This is the binary theory of cocktail criticism.
Lately, an awful lot of the cocktails I've had in restaurants have landed with a splat in the “not good” category. Some are rudely sour, or pointlessly bitter, or ickily sweet, or phonily complicated, or just too reminiscent of a spoonful of Robitussin with a hangnail of lemon peel floating on top. Others aren't actively bad in any of those ways, but they don't glide down the back of your throat, either; they're simply not good.
New York City's restaurants are in the midst of an epidemic of not-goodness. Sit down in any new dining room, and you are handed a cocktail list. Each drink on this document will have one ingredient you have heard of and seven that were apparently named after distant planets. Sometimes you may think you recognize a cocktail that you like (a good cocktail, in other words), but everything you like about it has been replaced by some other thing that you're not sure about. “Hello there, that sounds like an old-fashioned!” you think. “But with burdock syrup instead of sugar, Croatian absinthe instead of bourbon, and hemlock bitters instead of Angostura.” If curiosity gets the upper hand and you ask for one, you will wonder why you couldn't have had an old-fashioned old-fashioned.
At this point, newspaper tradition, taking the kindly human form of my editor, demands that I cite specific examples of the not-good restaurant drinks that are supposedly so common. I could name a few, but just hearing what's in them wouldn't tell you what's wrong with them. The drinks I'm talking about aren't like the lowbrow cocktails of the '80s with names that could just as easily have been the titles of teen-sex comedies. With those, one look at the ingredients (butterscotch schnapps, Amaretto, Reddi-wip) and you could instantly picture the long night and regret-filled morning down on sorority row.
Democratic presidential candidate, Sen. Bernie Sanders., reacts to a fist waving supporter as he speaks at a campaign rally Monday, April 11, in Buffalo, N.Y. | AP Photo Bernie begins raising cash for down-ballot progressives
Bernie Sanders is raising money for a trio of progressive House candidates who have endorsed him, a move that comes just weeks after he faced friendly fire for not committing to fundraise for down-ballot Democrats.
In the fundraising emails, backers are given an opportunity to split their donation between Sanders and the local candidate.
Story Continued Below
The trio of candidates — New York's Zephyr Teachout, Nevada's Lucy Flores, and Washington state's Pramila Jayapal — is running in primaries that pit them against more establishment-aligned foes. Each has the backing of liberal groups like Democracy for America, and one of Flores' opponents, for example, was endorsed by Harry Reid.
“Zephyr literally wrote the book on political corruption. She understands better than anybody how special interests try to buy off politicians, and she's dedicated her life to fixing our broken political system,” reads the email for Teachout, a professor who unsuccessfully challenged Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo in a 2014 primary. Each email contains similar praise for the candidate in question.
Sanders' move comes after months of scrutiny of his relationship with down-ballot Democrats. While he, like Hillary Clinton, has signed a joint fundraising agreement with the Democratic National Committee, he had not raised money for others, while Clinton raised millions for the DNC and a wide array of state Democratic parties, including $15 million so far in 2016. But given Sanders' fundraising prowess — he has raised $109 million in 2016 alone — some Democrats have chafed at his lack of effort on behalf of other candidates.
When pressed on his plans to raise money for other Democrats in late March by MSNBC's Rachel Maddow, Sanders simply said, “Well, we'll see."
Clinton, meanwhile, has started to amp up her pressure on Sanders over his ties to the party he recently joined after decades as an independent, even appearing to specifically jab his lack of down-ballot fundraising while campaigning in Wisconsin before its primary.
“I am also a Democrat and have been a proud Democrat all my adult life,” she said in Eau Claire just three days before voting. “And I think that's kind of important if we're selecting someone to be the Democratic nominee of the Democratic Party."
“I know how important it is to elect state legislators, to elect Democratic governors, to elect a Democratic Senate and House of Representatives,” she added.
Clinton is set to attend a high-dollar fundraising event for her own joint fundraising committee with the DNC and state parties this weekend, a California dinner hosted by George and Amal Clooney that Sanders has targeted as indicative of her relationship with big money.
John Oliver has had his HBO show for just two weeks, but he's already made a powerful, passive-aggressive enemy out of the Pacific Northwest, some residents of which have taken issue with a recent Last Week Tonight segment calling them “fucking idiots.” The segment, part of the series' debut episode, took aim at Oregon's wasteful spending of $250 million of taxpayer money on Cover Oregon, the state's own proudly locally made nonfunctioning Affordable Care Act website. Oliver's show created a parody of the site's “violently adorable” ad—which finds Portland indie-folk singer Laura Gibson warbling in front of a bucolic field augmented by children's drawings—by bringing in Lisa Loeb to sing about how fucking stupid Oregon is. It was the most devastating use of Lisa Loeb for evil since E!'s Number 1 Single.
Though ostensibly aimed at all of Oregon, the target of the parody ad was clearly the “stupid fucking idiots” within the state government who wasted $250 million on a bungled website (including whatever money was spent on the Thunderdome cage match to decide which of Portland's acoustic indie-folk singers would star in its ads). Still, that didn't stop the chief creative officer from North, the agency behind it all, from getting offended, or from saying so in a blog post dripping with self-righteousness and indignant sarcasm, Oregon's state bird and flower.
Advertisement
On the ad agency's website (you'll find it in the section labeled “Thinking,” over a photo of a snowy mountain, right next to the section labeled “Soul,” over a lighthouse), North's Mark Ray lamented that Oliver's comedy piece zeroed in on but one of its many ads—the one “made specifically to connect with mothers” in Oregon, who make most of their family's healthcare decisions, in between playing their own twee folk songs. (Indeed, what about this one starring male twee-folk musician Dave Depper?)
Ray also pointed out that, regardless of the outcome, the ad succeeded in its mission to create awareness for the website, with nearly “a third of a million people” showing up to be sent away frustrated on its first day alone. And then Ray pulled out the big, rhetorical question-guns, pointing out that all of his agency's efforts were expended on a noble, if failed cause, one that the company took on simply because it believed in it, in addition to being paid $21.4 million.
So, is it fair? Well, Mr. Oliver and others are quite right to expose and even parody the costs associated with the portal's dysfunction. They're also right to be angry at the damage potentially done to the ACA's national momentum and to supportive politicians in the upcoming mid-terms. Unfortunately for us, our passionate, hard, honest work will forever be associated with a broken website. So no, that's not necessarily fair, but it is how the world works. More importantly, are we, as Mr. Oliver suggests, stupid fucking idiots? Yes. Given the world today, you have to be a stupid fucking idiot to want to help activate a legislation so controversial. You have to be a stupid fucking idiot to suggest a strategy that unites people around a common good before selling them on something as complicated as health insurance. You have to be a stupid fucking idiot to think advertising can actually help improve the quality of people's lives. But at North, we welcome stupid fucking idiots. And I'd do it all again just the same, proudly. Although, next time I'd probably leave the website out of the ads.
Ray has already been joined in his passive-aggressive protest by the stamp of angry feet all across Oregon, which were then layered with banjo and mandolin to create a song about wood-burning stoves.
Advertisement
[via Uproxx]
Every house a home | Ko ia whare hei kāinga
Our plan will bring balance to the landlord-tenant relationship, improve rental security for tenants, and make sure that all homes are warm, dry and healthy.
Warm, dry, and healthy homes
Restore funding to Warm Up NZ to upgrade houses through insulation and clean heating devices.
Implement a Warrant of Fitness and star system for rental properties to make sure all homes are liveable.
It should be the right of every New Zealander to grow up in a warm, dry and healthy home. The Green Party will make this vision a reality through a mandatory rental warrant of fitness. We will also restore funding to Warm Up NZ to make grants of up to $2,500 (the average that research indicates it'll take to get an average property to a pass standard) available to all properties to help make them warm and dry.
Restoring the balance to the rental market
Require landlords to put aside a maintenance bond to fund repairs and maintenance.
Implement a landlord register.
A maintenance bond is a deposit, that when required by the Tenancy Tribunal, will be used to fund any overdue maintenance and repairs, particularly if the property falls below WOF standard. Most landlords are good landlords. But the current system has no safeguards and in the broken housing market, some get away with letting atrocious properties. Mandatory registration has helped improve rentals overseas and at the cost of less than $1 a week, won't be unduly expensive.
Strengthen renters rights
Set up FlatMates – a national tenancy advocacy coordination office who will work with and fund local groups to provide advice, assistance, and advocacy.
Reform the Tenancy Tribunal to shift it from an adversarial model to a solutions focussed one.
Reform of the institutions that guide and advice on tenancy is necessary to bring renting into the 21st century. FlatMates will ensure that landlords and tenants are aware of their rights and responsibilities. We are committed to reforming the Tenancy Tribunal to see a shift away from the adversarial model to a solutions focussed one through reforms like making mediation available before a formal complaint is made.
Secure tenancy agreements and rent fairness
Ban letting fees
Improve tenant security through three year standard tenancies, rights of renewal, and ending no-cause evictions.
Limit rent rises to once a year based on a mutually agreed formula.
Improving tenant security means that people will be able to put down roots and better participate in their community – improving health, education, and social outcomes. Banning letting fees and limiting rent rises will also enable people who rent to plan their finances better and make their house a home.
For more
Every house a home summary
Every house a home full policy
Sharing is caring!
Is Facebook targeting conventional and social ads to the social network's users and their connections, based upon visits to pages outside of Facebook that show Facebook widgets or use Facebook tracking pixels, while the Facebook users are logged out of Facebook?
On Sunday, Australian tech developer Nik Cubrilovic wrote a post titled, Logging Out of Facebook is Not Enough, which describes how cookies from Facebook are sent to Facebook everytime someone visits a page that contains a Facebook widget of some type, even after that person logs out of Facebook.
A Facebook engineer wrote the first comment to the post, explaining that the cookies in question are there for safety and security purposes, to provide customizations to users, and to help Facebook maintain and optimize their services. He notes that Facebook has no interest in tracking people, and, “We don't have an ad network and we don't sell people's information.”
The Wall Street Journal picked up on the story yesterday, and did some exploring of their own, including contacting Facebook, who responded with a interesting statement.
In a statement, a Facebook spokesman said “no information we receive when you see a social plugin is used to target ads.” Facebook Defends Getting Data From Logged-Out Users.
I noticed a patent application from Facebook published last week that I considered writing about, but put on the backburner. After reading the post from Nik Cubrilovic, I decided to take a second look. It apears to describe how Facebook could gather data from logged-out users to use to target ads.
As the first claim in the patent states:
1. A method for tracking information about the activities of users of a social networking system while on another domain, the method comprising: Maintaining a profile for each of one or more users of the social networking system, each profile identifying a connection to one or more other users of the social networking system and including information about the user;
Receiving one or more communications from a third-party website having a different domain than the social network system, each message communicating an action taken by a user of the social networking system on the third-party website;
Logging the actions taken on the third-party website in the social networking system, each logged action including information about the action; and
Correlating the logged actions with one or more advertisements presented to the one or more users.
Note that when the patent talks about “logged” actions, they aren't talking about the actions of a logged in Facebook user, but rather the logging by Facebook of actions taken by that Facebook user on websites other than Facebook. The following section from the patent's description makes that pretty clear:
[0099] In one embodiment, the third party website 140 and/or the social network system 100 determine whether the user is a user of the social network system 100. For example, the third party website 140 may access a cookie on the user's computer, where the cookie is associated with the social network system 100.* Since the social network system 100 and the third party website 140 are on different domains, the user's browser program may include security features that normally prevent a website from one domain from accessing content on other domains. To avoid this, the third party website 140 may use nested iframes, where the third party website 140 serves a web page that includes a nested iframe in the social network website's domain, thereby allowing the nested iframe to access the user information and send the information back to the third party website 140. Repeated nesting of iframes further allows the social networking site 100 to communicate information back to the third party website 140. By using this technique, the third party website 140 and the social network system 100 can communicate about the user without sharing any of the user's personal information and without requiring the user to log into the social network system 100.*
*My Emphasis
So, the process described in the patent tells us that a Facebook user who is logged out of Facebook can be tracked on third party sites with Facebook widgets on them because of a cookie from the social network. Actions taken on those sites outside of Facebook can cover a fairly wide range of “conversions,” including making a purchase, registering with a site, downloading from a site, posting about a product, becomig a fan of a product, emailing a link to a friend using the product's website, installing an application from the site, giving a gift related to the product or service
The purpose behind such tracking and collecting information is clearly to determine advertisements to show to people tracked, and to connections of people tracked. Some of these advertisements would be more conventional ads, and others may be social ads to a person's connections, such as a message, “Your friend Tom is taking a Cruise to the Carribean. Wouldn't you like to go somewhere warm, too?” or “John Smith bought <something> at <Partner Site>”.
For the social ads, the patent notes that they would either show this message to the user first for confirmation that they agreed to have it sent, or would opt in or opt-out to messages like that in advance.
If more conventional ads are shown that don't have that social element that make them seem like a recommendation or endorsement by the person who took the initial action being shared, it doesn't seem that a confirmation would be part of the equation.
The patent provides much more in the way of details on the advertising network involved, and how information may be collected and shared. The patent application is:
Communicating Information in a Social Network System about Activities from Another Domain
Invented by Kent Matthew Schoen, Gregory Luc Dingle, Timothy Kendall;
US Patent Application 20110231240
Published September 22, 2011
Filed: February 8, 2011
While the patent doesn't say on its face that it belongs to Facebook, it is listed in the USPTO assignment database as being assigned to Facebook. It's possible that Facebook isn't using the process described in the patent, but it seems like the thing they've denied on Nik Cubrilovic's blog, and to the Wall Street Journal is something they filed a patent for.
Interesting timing.
Thoughtful discussions related to this topic on the Wall Street Journal article and on Dave Winer's article Facebook is Scaring Me over at Hacker News.
Sharing is caring!
Stuart Bradford
Veterinarians around the country are reporting a strange phenomenon: spayed dogs and cats, even some puppies and kittens, are suddenly becoming hormonal.
In female pets, the symptoms resemble heat: swollen genitals, bloody discharge and behavioral problems. Male animals are showing up with swollen breast tissue and hair loss. Standard treatments and even repeated operations have had no effect.
Now vets have identified the culprit. The pets were all owned by women who used hormone creams on their hands, arms and legs to counter symptoms of menopause. Animals who licked or cuddled their owners, or rubbed up against their legs, were being inadvertently exposed to doses of hormone drugs.
These anecdotal reports, about 20 of which were first collected by the Veterinary Information Network, a news service for veterinarians, suggest that many women are not taking proper precautions when using topical hormone products — putting not only pets but also family members at risk for hormone exposure.
“The dogs are licking and rubbing the treated area and absorbing the drug, which is putting them back into heat,” said Dr. Terry Clekis, a veterinarian in Bradenton, Fla. Dr. Clekis has seen about five cases of pet exposure to menopause creams, including a dog that appeared to go into heat about six months after being spayed.
Dr. Clekis feared he had left remnants of ovarian tissue behind after the spaying. So he repeated it, but found nothing. It was his wife, chatting with the pet owner, who discovered she was using a hormone cream. Once the owner took precautions against exposing her pet, the symptoms disappeared.
The Food and Drug Administration issued a warning in the summer after eight children exposed to the estrogen spray Evamist showed signs of premature puberty like nipple swelling and enlarged breasts. The agency also received two reports of dogs exposed to Evamist, and last year it issued another warning after eight children were exposed to topical testosterone.
Use of topical estrogen, in the form of creams, sprays and gels, has surged since a major government study linked oral menopause drugs with a higher risk of heart attacks and cancer.
Last year, doctors wrote 440,000 prescriptions for brand-name topical estrogen products alone, nearly triple the 2006 figure, according to IMS Health, a drug information service. And those numbers do not capture the estimated one million women using compounded hormone creams, which are custom-mixed by pharmacists and have been widely promoted as an alternative to commercial menopause drugs — even though the F.D.A. has said these so-called bio-identical hormones are no safer than hormones from drug companies. (The compounds' popularity surged after the former sitcom star Suzanne Somers wrote two books claiming they delivered many health benefits.)
Dr. Cynthia A. Stuenkel, an endocrinologist at the University of California, San Diego, and a former president of the North American Menopause Society, said the society was surveying its members to collect case reports of inadvertent hormone exposure to pets or children. The problem, she added, is that the doctors who prescribe the drugs typically treat older women, but the doctors who see the problems are pediatricians and veterinarians.
“We need to connect the dots between these groups so pediatricians and vets think of it early before subjecting these children and animals to extensive testing,” she said. But some vets say women aren't forthcoming about the use of hormone drugs because it simply doesn't occur to them that it might be related to a pet's problem.
Dr. Walter R. Threlfall, a veterinarian who specializes in reproductive health, had a case involving a small lap dog that was experiencing a regular bloody discharge. During three different visits he asked the owner if the dog could have been exposed to an estrogen product, and she answered no each time before finally acknowledging she had been using an estrogen cream on her arm.
“The dog licks it off every night,” she told Dr. Threlfall, who said in an interview, “She spent lots of money on that dog, and I could have solved it the first time by telling her to get the dog off the estrogen cream.”
Dr. Richard Fried, owner of the Lincoln Square Veterinary Hospital in Manhattan, said he recently saw two cats that seemed to go back into heat after spaying by a different vet. Tests in one cat showed high blood levels of estrogen, but before he could spay it again, the cats' breeder suggested that the culprit might be the owner's hormone treatment.
“We are always warning pet owners to be careful about their medications,” Dr. Fried said. “But this is a much more insidious kind of problem that most people don't think about.”
Dr. Stuenkel says women should be counseled about safe use of the drugs.
After using a topical hormone cream, they should thoroughly wash their hands before handling food, children or pets. Products should dry completely before the user comes into contact with people or animals, and women may want to consider changing the area where they apply the cream or covering it with long sleeves or slacks.
“We've learned a lot from these puppy stories,” Dr. Stuenkel said. “People are letting dogs lick their hands after using the cream or holding them when the cream is fresh on them. We need to teach women to be sensible about how they use these products.”
Star Vs The Forces of Evil is different from most other cartoons aimed at girls. At first, you might not see why—the main protagonist is called Star Butterfly, a super enthusiastic teen who loves rainbows, unicorns, pink and kicking butt. StarVsFoE is only the second Disney TV Animation to be created by a woman in seventeen years, Daron Nefcy. StarVsFoE created such a buzz within Disney that they renewed the show for a second season before the first season had even aired.
Princess Star Butterfly's enthusiasm and blind-optimism have got her into enough trouble that her parents are considering sending her to reform school, the dreaded Saint Olga's Reform School for Wayward Princesses. It's all about to get much worse though as Star has just turned old enough to inherit her family's powerful magic wand. Fearing an unintentional Starmeggedon as their daughter learns how to use her wand's power, Star is sent from her home dimension of Mewni to the one that holds Earth.
There she attends school while living with the Diaz family, meeting her best friend, adventurer and fellow 14-year-old Marco Diaz. She is forced to protect her wand from the evil Ludo, who using his army of monsters, wants to take the wand and rule the universe. Using inter-dimensional scissors given to Star by her best friend Pony Head (literally a floating pony head) the battles span dimensions as Star defends her wand by narwhal blasting her foes into submission.
StarVsFoE is aimed at tween and teen girls but adults are not left out, I'm enjoying it and a few of the episodes have had me laughing out loud. This is a show with a wide appeal, this is Disney cutting into Cartoon Networks traditional audience. I said the show was different, well it's something of a blend of other shows. I'm reminded of Invader Zim in some ways; remove the grossness of Zim, apply a cute filter, mix with a sanitized Ren and Stimpy, and you have the over the top stories of StarVsFoE.
The show has stylised and distinctive artwork, it's like Japanese and Western animation went to the same party, hit it off and ended up in a wardrobe together. After fumbling around for half an hour of fun times, the resulting tryst included a lost bra, a watch that no longer works, and nine months later StarVsFoE. It never lets go of it's girl focused cuteness and the show is filled with puppies (firing lasers from their eyes), butterflies, bunnies, rainbows and hearts. Even the colour palette leans towards the pastel side; it's everything that makes up the traditional pink-fluffy-princess trope crossed with Sailor Moon.
The real difference is that Star Butterfly is never helpless, she runs headlong into danger to protect her friends or her wand. She's both brave and flawed, as she has no clue what she's doing and her impulsive enthusiasm seems to create nearly as many problems as it solves. It's really cool to see a girl who is into cuteness and rainbows also kick-ass and enjoy it. My daughter loves StarVsFoE over the top cute and she laughs maniacally as Star Butterfly fights using her wand. Like “magical girl” anime, Star yells out the spells she's casting, these include:
Narwhal Blast, which shoots out a stream of narwhals, spiking or crushing foes
Bunny Rabbit Blast, powerful energy blast, with bunnies, allowing super jumps
Syrup Tsunami Shockwave, a massive wave of sticky maple syrup
The show isn't perfect, although we have the ongoing threat of Saint Olga's and the evil but incompetent Ludo, the show still hasn't created an overarching plot, it's all feeling a little hollow right now. The format of having two eleven minute shows isn't helping either, as some of the stories feel rushed. I'd like to see some full length shows that give the characters more space to breathe; more backstory and character development please!
Another thing that bugged me was Marco's personality change, he's retconned after the pilot, he goes from overly safety conscious to martial arts expert looking for adventure. The other problem is the show is really patchy, an excellent episode can be followed by something … meh. It makes me wonder what's going on behind the scenes when we can have the excellent ‘Mewberty' and the mediocre ‘Party with a Pony'. The show has so much potential, and while it's never bad, I hope it manages to be more consistently good.
StarVsFoE isn't as complex as Adventure Time or Steven Universe, and I don't think it will be, either. I hope it adds more depth by delving more into the characters and their emotions more, as well as the backstory of Mewni and Olga's reform school. If you like Wander Over Yonder (which also involved Daron Nefcy), Sailor Moon, Gravity Falls, Steven Universe or the high energy randomness of Zim, then you really should try out StarVsFoE. It also has perhaps the best opening theme ever:
Marcy (@marcyjcook) is an immigrant trans woman and writer. This includes Transcanuck.com, a website dedicated to informing and helping trans Canadians. She also has a nerd job, too many cats, is a part time volunteer sex educator and has an ongoing sordid love affair with Lego. Those last two are not related… probably.
—Please make note of The Mary Sue's general comment policy.—
Do you follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google +?
In a joint meeting held in Tehran on Monday on the topic of “Technological and Innovation cooperation between Iran and Italy”, the two sides conferred on various issues such as the need for building further trust between the Iranian and Italian governments for developing bilateral relations, exchanging information between the two sides about topics related to Italian companies active in biotechnology, scientific centers, research institutes and academic spheres.
The two sides also discussed ways for creating an Iran-Italy innovation exchange model, as well as bilateral cooperation on scientific and technological fields considering the Italy-China project.
Present participants at the specialized meeting include Secretary of Iran's Department of Biotechnology Development and a number of other members active in genetic resources, materials and equipment, human resources, production, commercialization, and market.
The Italian side took part in the meeting with representatives from Technology Transfer Offices (TTOs) of Italian universities, Head of Area Science Park, Head of the Technology Transfer Office for Udine University of Medical Sciences, Head of the Biotechnicum Bicocca Center, and a number of other figures.
MS/3853810
Manchester United boss David Moyes in contention for Manager of the Month award
David Moyes: In contention for award
Moyes' men have endured a poor start to 2014 - but they secured four wins and a draw in December which has seen him shortlisted.
Also in contention is Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho, who had a win ratio of 71 per cent after claiming five wins from seven games, losing just once.
Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini is also up for the honour after going unbeaten in the month, winning six of his seven games.
The final name up for the award is Everton's Roberto Martinez, who lost just once in his six games - taking his side to four wins over the festive period.
Whoever wins will be taking their first honour of the season, as the previous four winners - Brendan Rodgers, Arsene Wenger, Mauricio Pochettino and Alan Pardew - are not nominated.
Like with the manager award, the player of the month will also be a new contender as none of the previous four winners are up for nomination.
Liverpool's Luis Suarez leads the contenders, but Manchester City stars Alvaro Negredo, Vincent Kompany and Yaya Toure are also in contention.
England and Everton starlet Ross Barkley is nominated along with Arsenal's Theo Walcott, who has subsequently been ruled out for the season.
GPS-based tracking devices don't just help you figure out where you are and where you're going, they might also help you avoid a speeding ticket. Shaun Malone of California is contesting a speeding ticket in that state by arguing that his GPS-based tracking system shows that the officer's radar gun was wrong.
Malone, a 17-year-old who was clocked doing 62 MPH in a 45 MPH zone on July 4 of this year, has more than just a GPS on his side. As the AP reports, his stepfather Roger Rude is a retired sheriff, and is pushing Malone to fight the ticket. (As an aside, how awesome would it be to be Sherriff Rude?)
Ironically, Malone's parents had the GPS system installed in order to track the whereabouts and speed of their son, whom they readily admit has a lead foot. In fact, he has already been grounded for having gone over 70 MPH after the GPS was installed. Nevertheless, Malone's parents say that the data on the day in question shows that their son was not speeding in the vicinity of where the ticket was issued.
While many GPS systems don't log travel details extensively enough to be used as a defense against a moving violation, Malone's car was outfitted with a device that could do just that. According to Rude, all recorded plots on Malone's route show him to be driving under the speed limit. At the same time, Rude says, GPS-systems are clearly more reliable than radar systems, which, while good, are "not an infallible tool" and are subject to human error.
A Sonoma County traffic commissioner has to decide whether the GPS system can be accepted as a basis to challenge the ticket, but ex-sheriff Rude is prepared to push his case in court in the event of an unhappy outcome.
The debate is likely to come down to how often the GPS device calculated and reported ground speed. Petaluma police lieutenant John Edwards told the AP that since GPS is satellite-based, there's a delay involved, and that Malone may have sped up and slowed down in the window between measurements, which could be as long as 60 seconds.
GPS tracking systems like the one in Malone's car are becoming an increasingly popular way for parents to keep tabs on their kids, an outgrowth of the initial use of such devices in car fleets and trucking. Many consumer-oriented GPS navigation systems also have these capabilities, but Malone's was hardcore: the system would even e-mail his parents in the event that he drove too fast.
The past 12 months have been a roller coaster for Nate Marquardt.
In March of 2011, "The Great" had just won a unanimous decision victory over Dan Miller at UFC 128. It appeared as though he was getting his career back on track, and he was re-energized by a move down to Welterweight, where he was set to fight Rick Story at UFC on Versus 4 in the main event of the evening. Everything was coming together nicely.
And then it happened.
The day before the Story fight, Marquardt was pulled from the match because of elevated testosterone levels. The withdrawal sent the entire card into disarray and caused Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) President Dana White to immediately fire Marquardt and declare he'd never fight in the UFC again.
Fast forward one year later.
In the interim, Marquardt signed with the BAMMA, but never actually stepped foot in the cage for the British-based promotion. After being granted his release from the promotion earlier this year, there was speculation of Marquardt signing with Bellator, as well as a few other smaller promotions, before it was finally made official that he'd be signing with Zuffa-owned Strikeforce.
In February, it was announced that Marquardt's first fight for Strikeforce would be opposite welterweight contender Tyron Woodley. According to a recent interview Marquardt had with "Inside MMA," the fight will be for the vacant 170-pound belt:
"It's the best outcome I could have imagined, with all this. Like I said. Back with Zuffa. Back in a title fight for my first fight back, it's amazing. From what I understand, that's who I'll be fighting is Tyron Woodley. I also understand it's gonna be a five round title fight for the 170 pound title. You know, he's a smart fighter, but at the same time, I have a lot more experience than him. It's gonna be my fight to dictate where it goes."
It certainly makes for a dramatic twist.
Now, Marquardt -- who appeared to be banished for life by Dana White for life -- will not only make his debut for a promotion that is, for all intents and purposes, run by White, but his return will be welcomed with an immediate title shot.
Interesting to say the very least, no?
The fight has not been confirmed by Strikeforce officials as being a title fight, but it is officially scheduled to take place on the May 19, 2012, card that will feature a main event fight between Josh Barnett and Daniel Cormier for the heavyweight grand prix championship. The card will also showcasesanother title fight when Strikeforce Lightweight Champion Gilbert Melendez defends his strap in a rubber match versus Josh Thomson.
For the latest news notes on Strikeforce: "Barnett vs. Cormier" be sure to hit up our complete event archive right here.
According to the world famous Bob McKenzie, former Vancouver Canucks head coach Alain Vigneault has removed himself from consideration to be the next coach of the Dallas Stars.
With Alain Vigneault withdrawing himself from DAL job, expectation is he has an offer to coach NYR tho no one has officially confirmed that. — Bob McKenzie (@TSNBobMcKenzie) June 15, 2013
The Rangers were always going to be a more desirable option than the Stars simply because of prestige. They have been a better team over the past half of a decade. They play in the media spotlight of New York. They also aren't terribly far from his home. Other collateral damage of this deal could be that the Rangers don't buy Brad Richards out, thus eliminating another center option for the Stars.
According to John Shannon, Jim Nill has confirmed that Vigneault is no longer in the running.
Another name off Stars's coaching list.1st Dallas Eakins canceled his interview with Stars,now GM Nill confirms Alain Vigneault is off list. — John Shannon (@JSportsnet) June 15, 2013
Whether that means Vigneault turned them down, or the Stars have someone else lined up is anyone's guess. Regardless, Vigneault is gone.
The Stars options are starting to come off of the market. With both Vigneault and Eakins gone the Stars options appear to be Tom Renney and John Tortorella, Other names to watch are John Stevens of the Los Angeles Kings and old friend Dave Tippett of the Phoenix Coyotes should they be relocated in the near future.
More will come as this story develops for sure.
Update:
I'm told NYR had a very substantial offer on the table for Vigneault...meeting with Dolan might close the deal. — Darren Dreger (@DarrenDreger) June 15, 2013
So, it sounds as if the Rangers may have money whipped or otherwise enticed Vigneault to head to New York. Perhaps they offered him some decision making power when it comes to the roster? Who knows. Either way, Dreger says he's getting a huge offer.
Update 2:
Oops. Re-read tweet. Meant to say it's believed Stars had a substantial offer for AV...until he met with NYR's Dolan and co. — Darren Dreger (@DarrenDreger) June 15, 2013
And...
Alain Vigneault is on the verge to be the next Rangers coach. #RDS — Renaud Lavoie (@RenLavoieRDS) June 15, 2013
Dreger updates to say what some of us already believed: the Stars made a substantial offer to Alain Vigneault. He decided to go elsewhere. That's unfortunate.
Follow @JoshL1220
Follow @DefendingBigD
Share. Nintendo is selling digital Wii U versions of some great Wii games. Nintendo is selling digital Wii U versions of some great Wii games.
Nintendo will begin releasing reproduced versions of select Wii software, including Super Mario Galaxy 2, Punch Out!!!, and Metroid Prime Trilogy, on the Wii U eShop starting this month.
Super Mario Galaxy 2 is out today. Punch Out!!! will follow on Jan. 22 in North America while Europeans get Donkey Kong Country Returns, and Metroid Prime Trilogy arrives Jan. 29. These three games will be available for £17.99 / €19.99 usually but are for half-price during the first week of each release.
Exit Theatre Mode
Announced via Nintendo Direct, these games will launch directly from the Wii U menu. Nintendo President Satoru Iwata noted that previous, Wii U's backwards compatibility required switching the hardware to Wii mode. Because of this, Iwata admitted, the Japanese game maker was unable to redistribute Wii software for download on Wii U.
"Now that we can reproduce Wii disc software on Wii U, we can make these titles available to download," Iwata said. "Some of the Wii games that were compatible with the Wii Classic Controller can be played using only the Wii U GamePad, too."
Nintendo plans to release more Wii games on the Wii U eShop during the year, including Pandora's Tower and Kirby's Adventure Wii.
A bunch of news announcements were revealed during this morning's Nintendo Direct, including a new installment in the Fire Emblem series on 3DS, and the western debut of Puzzle & Dragons double pack that includes the recently revealed Puzzle & Dragons: Super Mario Bros. Edition.
Jose Otero is an Associate Editor at IGN and host of Nintendo Voice Chat. You can follow him on Twitter.
DATE: Jul 23, 2012 | BY: Brent McKnight | Category: Sci-Fi
One thing The Walking Dead does well is kill the people you care about. Both AMC's television series and Robert Kirkman's comic book have that in common. They make you love a character then violently rip them away. It shares that trait with Game of Thrones.
At the end of season two of The Walking Dead Rick and Lori Grimes (Andrew Lincoln and Sarah Wayne Callies) are in a bit of a rough patch. First zombies showed up and started wrecking up the joint, and then the world ended. That's enough to throw a monkey wrench into any relationship, but add the fact that Lori though Rick was dead, started sleeping with his best friend, Shane (Jon Bernthal), who fell in love with her and went crazy. Now Shane is dead, Lori is pregnant, and everything still sucks. Season three has some big issues to contend with.
With Shane out of the picture, another problem raises its ugly head for the first couple of undead apocalypse. According to THR Callies says, “Lori's fear is that in killing Shane, Rick became Shane and that he's turned into a man who's not a humane, compassionate person but somebody who is now somewhat cold and bloodthirsty.”
Fans familiar with the source material know just what's in store for Rick's character one the next leg of the journey, which finds the group holed up in an abandoned prison. Let's just say there is an ample amount of violence, and that the story takes a dark, dark turn.
Now for some potential SPOILERS:
Again, fans of The Walking Dead comics know that Lori, after giving birth to a baby girl, meets with an untimely end. Familiar with the books, Callies knows this. She says, “I've said from the beginning, not only am I OK with Lori dying but I think she has to…I've played this character with an eye toward an end.”
Despite her awareness about the fate of her character, the production has seen some hotly contested debate on the subject. Callies continues:
Frank Darabont and I actually—before he was tragically and unfairly removed from the show—we used to argue about it…I argued that it was necessary to kill Lori and I feel very strongly that for all of the other deviations we may have from the comic book, killing Lori does something to Rick that is vital for the story and can't be done any other way.
Hopefully The Walking Dead will stick to the script, and we'll see the end of Lori soon. How soon really depends on what they do with the prison story. Much news has come out about the addition of the Governor (David Morrissey), the despotic leader of the survivalist enclave Woodbury, and the role he'll play in the upcoming season. While that's a great arc, there is a heap of material in the prison. A number of interesting storylines take place before you meet the Governor and crew, and I hope they don't rush through those just to get to the Governor. That would be a mistake.
Whatever approach they take, I do hope that they kill Lori off. On a personal level, I just can't stand her character, but there is also the overall integrity of the show to consider. Her demise leads to a fundamental change in Rick, and Carl for that matter, the carries over through the rest of the series. Without her death, they'll be hard pressed to turn Rick into the man he becomes, and the show will suffer for it.
The Walking Dead returns Sunday, October 14th.
What do you think? Keep Lori or kill her?
Donald Trump was grilled about his inheritance, his fuzzy budget math and his mysterious off-the-record chat with The New York Times. | AP Photo 2016 The strangest attack on Trump Rubio and Cruz repeatedly press him on his poll standing, the one issue he can't stop talking about.
On Thursday night, Donald Trump was forced to defend his ideology, his veracity, his maturity, and even his sanity. He was attacked over Trump University, Trump Steaks, Trump Vodka, Trump ties and the Trump real estate empire. He was grilled about his inheritance, his flip-flops, his fuzzy budget math, his hiring of foreign workers, his frequent donations to Democrats, his unapologetic support for torture, his infamous Ku Klux Klan interview, and his mysterious off-the-record chat with The New York Times.
Of course, the say-anything front-runner was expected to find himself on the defensive, although perhaps not to the extent that a CNN headline would read “Donald Trump defends size of his penis.” But amid this festival of insults, there was one line of attack that Trump clearly welcomed, for staggeringly obvious reasons: Attacks on his standing in the race. There's nothing Trump likes talking about more than winning, but for some reason, the candidates who have been losing kept challenging him about it.
Story Continued Below
Ted Cruz was the first of Trump's rivals to dwell on the horse race, bragging that “our campaign over and over again has beaten Donald Trump.” Sure, and his home-state Dallas Cowboys won some games last season, but they didn't win the Super Bowl.
“For the record,” Trump sneered, “I have won ten. He has won three or four.” There was something delicious about Trump's inability to pin down the precise number. And he quickly noted that Marco Rubio has done even worse. “On Tuesday, I was half a million votes higher than Ted. I was a million votes higher than Marco. I keep hearing that he's the only one that can beat me, but he is getting beaten very, very badly.”
In the Trump worldview, there are winners and losers, and there's no arguing with winning. His predictable response to a question about Mitt Romney's speech portraying him as a deranged con artist was that Mitt Romney is a proven loser. “He failed miserably, and it was an embarrassment to everybody,” Trump scoffed. For Trump, that's QED.
Nevertheless, Rubio, after admitting that Trump has done well so far, took another shot at his standing. “Here is what the numbers also say: Two thirds of the people who cast a vote in a Republican primary or caucus have voted against you. They do not want you to be our nominee.” By that logic, of course, considerably more than two thirds do not want Rubio to be their nominee. And as Trump immediately explained to the rival he would later call “Little Marco,” that logic has not been borne out by the national polls he's dominating.
“Very nice words but happens to be wrong,” Trump said. “CNN just did a poll where he is at 15 percent. And I'm at 49 percent.” Rubio interjected that Trump has struggled in head-to-head matchups with Hillary Clinton. “Wrong,” Trump said. “I beat Hillary Clinton in many polls.”
And then, because Trump is Trump, he started naming the polls: Quinnipiac, Fox, USA Today. He often struggles to demonstrate elementary-school knowledge of foreign and domestic policy, but he is a graduate-level student of the polls.
Incredibly, Cruz returned to the topic later in the debate, bragging about his few victories, urging “the 65 to 70 percent of Republicans who recognize that nominating Donald would be a disaster” to unite behind his candidacy. Trump seemed genuinely and uncharacteristically perplexed that Cruz would bother to go there.
“I don't believe these politicians,” Trump sputtered. “I'm standing here listening to — I'm hearing him say a percentage. CNN, he gets 15 percent, that means, based on what you're saying, that 85 percent of the people don't want you. Is that a correct statement?” Trump babbled a bit more about numbers, then delivered the knockout punch in the Trumpian third person.
“Everybody knows that on Super Tuesday, Trump was the winner,” Trump said. “I am by far the leader. But if you listen to a politician, he'll try to convince you otherwise.”
As Cruz pointed out, “Donald lives by the polls every day.” They provide him with constant validation that he's on the right path, and that his rivals are ridiculous losers. If he's such a sexist, racist, fascist buffoon, like they keep saying, then how come he's whipping them? To a large extent, Trump's agenda for America depend on his poll numbers, because it's all about winning, about beating China and Mexico and all those other countries he claims are eating America's lunch, about winning so much we'll be tired of winning. It's the kind of argument that wouldn't work well if he were losing.
Maybe that's why Trump, uncharacteristically, avoided a fight with John Kasich over poll numbers. Unlike Cruz and Rubio, Kasich has refused to brawl with Trump; he's positioned himself as the above-the-fray adult in the room. “You know, this is so much about process,” he said when he was asked about his path to victory. “It frankly is boring to me.” But Kasich could not resist pointing out that in a head-to-head matchup, he beat Clinton by 11 points, better than any other Republican.
Trump did not call Kasich a liar, because he knew it was true. He did not mock Kasich's appearance, or even his fourth-place standing. He interrupted, which was par for the course, but only momentarily, which was quite unusual. Trump is crushing his competition in the GOP primary, but he would have huge vulnerabilities in a general election, which is why his party is in a panic — and why he preferred not to dwell on Kasich's relative strength.
“In one poll,” Trump said. “In one poll.” And then he shut up.
At this point in the season, we have a good idea of whom these Wizards are. Take it away, Chris ‘Thompson.'
It's not that they play 48 minutes of high-level NBA basketball so much as it is that they start out on the front foot and put themselves in position to benefit from a huge John Wall play, or a timely Bradley Beal 3-pointer, or a bruising Nene layup in traffic, or Paul Pierce, you know, playing to the refs.
Their starting five is legit. Their defensive identity … well, that's become muddled, but the Wizards, thanks to Randy Wittman, have remained resolute to not allow buckets in the paint. The second unit, much like the half-court offense, should not be talked about.
The Utah Jazz, on the other hand, have had something of a renaissance. They're playing débutante ball, owning the NBA's best record since the All-Star break (11-2). Coach Quin Snyder's Jazz, despite being the youngest roster in the NBA, are the best defensive team since February 1, as voice of Salt Lake City hoops, David Locke, pointed out. What does that fun fact translate to in the beautiful language of ANALYTICS? Simply: The Jazz allow just 89.7 points per 100 possessions.
That's some sort of tour de force to kick off the New Year (to throw another French expression at you).
What does this all mean for a Wizards team, one of the oldest in the NBA, that's riding a four-game winning streak? It means they're going to be seriously tested by a bunch of confident and capable young'uns out West. Also: you know Trevor Booker wants to win this one.
For a sneak preview from the other side, we reached out to Purple & Blues editor and Twitter troublemaker, Clint Peterson (@Clintonite33). He offers a riff on the Utah Jazz. A-one, a-two, a-one, two, three, four!
Teams: Wizards at Jazz
Time: 10:30 p.m. ET
Venue: EnergySolutions Arena, Salt Lake City, Utah
Television: CSN/ROOT
Radio: WFED-AM 1500/WNEW-FM 99.1
Spread: Wizards fav'd by 3.5 points.
#1) The Jazz have won 13 of their last 16, demonstrating form fans haven't seen in half a decade. What's going on in Salt Lake City?
@Clintonite33: Well, the cherry trees are blooming. Oh, you mean the Utah Jazz? Also blooming, and equally beautiful to see.
The trade of Enes Kanter has become addition by subtraction. Since the All-Star break the Utah Jazz have skyrocketed from the cellar of the NBA's defensive ratings, which they occupied for two years, from 26th to 15th—an unbelievable 11 spots in only 13 games. Every five or so quarters the Jazz are moving up one spot in the DRtgs, unheard of this late in a season with sample sizes nearing completion.
The Utah Jazz are doing it with defense first, the most crucial element of an elite team (Hear that, Wizards fans?). Coupled with the emergence of Gordon Hayward as a top-tier player and Derrick Favors moving to a more efficient power forward spot, Utah has a recipe for a legitimate Big 3.
#2) Gordon Hayward. Super legit. Has his development surprised you? (The answer is yes: There's no way you could have imagined he'd be *this* good.)
@Clintonite33: When Gordon Hayward got paid a max contract last summer, Jazz fans nearly rioted. In truth, I was on the bandwagon before he even laid pen to paper, giving him some $16 million a year. Sadly, Jazz fans were not convinced by my pleas last July, titled “Get Behind Gordon Hayward: Poised To Join The Elite.”
Jazz fans didn't buy it until they saw it with their own eyes: Hayward backing up his contract by joining only three other players statistically this season:
“Still don't think Gordon Hayward is a star? He's one of four players in the NBA this season averaging 19 points, 5 rebounds and 4 assists while shooting at least 45% from the field. Hayward's company? LeBron James, Kevin Durant and Blake Griffin.”
#3) OK, whoa: Sophomore sensation Rudy Gobert has averaged 17 rebounds in his last nine games. How lucky was Utah to snag him with the 27th pick in 2013?
@Clintonite33: After the Jazz destroyed the Charlotte Hornets with a crazy Pop-a-Shot performance the other night, this interesting nugget was offered: “Rudy Gobert has the most rebounds in ten games in NBA history.” That would be an astounding 159, with The Stifle Tower averaging 20.3 RPG over his last three games, pulling down 19 or more in half of his games in March thus far.
More than Wilt Chamberlain, Bill Russell or Moses Malone in a ten-game span. That's otherworldly stuff. Rudy Gobert is a franchise-changer.
Although it might seem like Jazz brass just got lucky, let's not forget they also discovered Wesley Matthews, who went undrafted and is now a star for the Portland Trail Blazers. (Albeit injured, for now.) And there's yet another steal lurking on this Jazz roster as well:
“Since being moved into the starting lineup three games ago, Rodney Hood is averaging 19 points, 3 rebounds, 2 assists and 1.7 steals per game, knocking down 59% of 17 tries from behind the arc.”
Over the last 13 games, Rodney Hood is averaging 51 percent shooting from behind the arc. This opens up everything in the paint for Gobert and Derrick Favors to eat like big dawgs.
#4) Jazz Head Coach Quin Snyder loves mental toughness, grit, hard work (work). Has he helped change the “sporting culture” in Utah? And what separates him from other blue collar guys like Randy Wittman?
@Clintonite33: The Miller family ownership group and management have always prided themselves on possessing a winning culture. The recent, necessary rebuild was incredibly hard for Jazz fans that had been accustomed to winning for two decades. Under Snyder, it's more of a return to winning ways with a changing of the guard.
Aside from his obvious intensity, Quin Snyder's attention to detail is on par with guys like Jerry Sloan and Gregg Popovich. He'll pull a guy from a game for the smallest of errors, teach them—sometimes loudly, other times softly—then send 'em back out to correct their mistakes.
#5) Gimme your 2014-15 MVP, LVP and X-factor so far.
@Clintonite33: I've had Stephen Curry as MVP since a week into the 2014-15 NBA seas— Oh, on the Jazz?
It's hard to not pick Rudy Gobert for MVP, but what Gordon Hayward has done makes him the anchor. Hayward went from having a basketball thrown at his head in a game by Deron Williams when the Jazz wingman was a rookie, to bearing a difficult season where he took all the blame for losses last year, to now being the unquestioned leader of a Jazz team that has a younger starting five than the college team down the road, The BYU Cougars, do.
Despite be thrown into the starting lineup by Quin Snyder on January 22, Dante Exum has shown a consistent allergy to entering the paint on offense, citing a lack of strength and experience—odd, since he has no problem bodying up on seven-footers on defense. This unusual mental block on offense has to be my Least Valuable Player of the season, rather than the player himself.
“X,” as Exum is called by teammates, is also my X-Factor, fittingly. His ceiling could be the rafters one day, and Quin Snyder has clearly shown an ability to back up his reputation as a developmental coach.
BEIRUT, Lebanon — Near Damascus, Hezbollah fighters are defending the shrine of Sayida Zeinab, revered by Shiite Muslims, from encroaching Sunni rebels. To the north, they are not just part of a Syrian government drive to take back the strategic town of Qusair, rebels say, they are leading it.
On Tuesday, Syrian opposition activists reported that rebels had killed 15 Hezbollah fighters in Qusair. But they also said the rebels were besieged in the town and in danger of losing it, after black-clad Hezbollah fighters swept them from surrounding villages.
Recruited and trained to battle Israel and defend Lebanon, Hezbollah's Lebanese Shiite guerrillas are pushing more and more deeply into a very different fight: in neighboring Syria, against fellow Arab Muslims trying to topple President Bashar al-Assad. Their leaders have made it increasingly clear that Mr. Assad's war is their war, too.
Though Hezbollah has never been militarily stronger — it has more than replenished the weapons and fighters it lost in its brief war with Israel in 2006 — it finds itself in an unaccustomed situation. It is struggling to preserve credibility at home and fend off an array of new challenges abroad as it fights to preserve Mr. Assad's rule, and the crucial arms pipeline he provides.
Achilles, Tortoise and Yessenin-Volpin February 16, 2009
Posted by Alexandre Borovik in Uncategorized
[moved here from the old blog]
I quote a description of Zeno's “Achilles and Tortoise” paradox from Wikipedia:
“In a race, the quickest runner can never overtake the slowest, since the pursuer must first reach the point whence the pursued started, so that the slower must always hold a lead.” (Aristotle Physics VI:9, 239b15) In the paradox of Achilles and the Tortoise, we imagine the Greek hero Achilles in a footrace with the plodding reptile. Because he is so fast a runner, Achilles graciously allows the tortoise a head start of a hundred feet. If we suppose that each racer starts running at some constant speed (one very fast and one very slow), then after some finite time, Achilles will have run a hundred feet, bringing him to the tortoise's starting point; during this time, the tortoise has “run” a (much shorter) distance, say one foot. It will then take Achilles some further period of time to run that distance, during which the tortoise will advance farther; and then another period of time to reach this third point, while the tortoise moves ahead. Thus, whenever Achilles reaches somewhere the tortoise has been, he still has farther to go. Therefore, Zeno says, swift Achilles can never overtake the tortoise. Thus, while common sense and common experience would hold that one runner can catch another, according to the above argument, he cannot; this is the paradox.
Scott Aaronson's post in his blog Shtetl-Optimized “And they say complexity has no philosophical implications” (see more about it below) reminded me that the most natural approach to the paradox is complexity-theoretic. Indeed, we have two different timescales: the one, in which the motion of Achilles and the Tortoise takes place, and another one, in which we discuss their motion, repeating again and again
“it will then take Achilles some further period of time to run that distance, during which the tortoise will advance farther“.
Clearly, each our utterance takes time bounded from below by a non-zero constant; therefore the sum of the lengths of our utterances diverges. However, our personal time flow has no relevance to the physical time of the motion!
Well, probably this explanation of the paradox is well-known, but the reason why I am writing this post is the next, even more fascinating story mentioned in Shtetl-Optimized. In a sense, it is dual to the Achilles and Tortoise paradox (and perhaps the duality could be made explicit). It is told in Harvey M. Friedman's lectures Philosophical Problems in Logic. Friedman said:
I have seen some ultrafinitists go so far as to challenge the existence of 2100 as a natural number, in the sense of there being a series of “points” of that length. There is the obvious “draw the line” objection, asking where in 21, 22, 23, … , 2100 do we stop having “Platonistic reality”? Here this … is totally innocent, in that it can be easily be replaced by 100 items (names) separated by commas. I raised just this objection with the (extreme) ultrafinitist Yessenin-Volpin during a lecture of his. He asked me to be more specific. I then proceeded to start with 21 and asked him whether this is “real” or something to that effect. He virtually immediately said yes. Then I asked about 22, and he again said yes, but with a perceptible delay. Then 23, and yes, but with more delay. This continued for a couple of more times, till it was obvious how he was handling this objection. Sure, he was prepared to always answer yes, but he was going to take 2100 times as long to answer yes to 2100 then he would to answering 21. There is no way that I could get very far with this.
Yessenin-Volpin's response makes it clear that the Achilles and the Tortoise paradox is not so much about the actual infinity as of a potential infinity (or just plain technical feasibility) of producing the sequence
1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 1/16, etc.
in real time. I agree with Scott Aaronson: and they say complexity has no philosophical implications!
However, there is yet another layer in this story. Anonymous said in a discussion in Shtetl-Optimized:
What a beautifully clever way to respond to such a line of questioning!
Well, one should remember that Alexander Yessenin-Volpin (listed in Wikipedia as Esenin-Volpin) was one of the founding fathers of the Soviet human rights movement and spent many years in prisons, exile and psychiatric hospitals. He knows a thing or two about interrogations; in 1968, he wrote and circulated via Samizdat the famous “Memo for those who expects to be interrogated“, much used by fellow dissidents.
It is remarkable how the personality of a mathematician can be imprinted on his work and his philosophical views.
Indeed, Alexander Sergeevich Yessenin-Volpin was also a pote of note. One of his poems, a very clever and bitterly ironic rendition of Edgar Alan Poe‘s The Raven, is quite revealing in the context of our discussion. I give here only the first two and the last three lines of the poem. (A full text of the poem (in Russian) can be found here and here.)
Как-то ночью, в час террора, я читал впервые Мора,
Чтоб Утопии незнанье мне не ставили в укор … […] … Но зато как просто гаркнул чёрный ворон: «Nеvеrmоrе!»
И вожу, вожу я тачку, повторяя: «Nеvеrmоrе…»
Не подняться… «Nеvеrmore!»
To make these lines more friendly to the English speaking reader, I explain that the first two lines refer to Thomas More‘s Utopia: the protagonist reads Utopia to avoid an accusation that he has not familiarized himself with the utopian teachings promoted by the totalitarian system. The three exclamations “Nevermore!” which end the poem do not need translation.
The poem is written in 1948 (by a remarkable coincidence, the year when George Orwell wrote his 1984 — the title of the novel is just a permutation of digits; in 1949, when Orwel's novel was published, Yessenin-Volpin started his first spell in prisons). As we can see, Yessenin-Volpin, who was 23 years old at the time, developed an ultrafinitist approach to utopian theories (and especially to the utopian practice) much earlier than to problems of mathematical logic.
Advertisements
JADON SANCHO has been one of the stars of England Under 17s' most iconic player in their run to the European Championship and World Cup finals.
But he misses the Young Lions' match against Spain.
Getty - Contributor 1 Jadon Sancho will not appear for England again at the Under-17 World Cup
Why is Jadon Sancho no longer available for England U17s?
Sancho was recalled last week by Borussia Dortmund following his impressive form in India.
And manager Peter Bosz rewarded the former Watford academy product with a first appearance for the German side.
He came on for Max Philipp with six minutes remaining of the club's 2-2 draw away to Eintracht Frankfurt.
England U17 boss Steve Cooper called the decision "a disappointment" but admitted it was understandable if he was in line for a first team appearance with the Germans.
Why Jadon Sancho might be the next big thing
He said last week: "Jadon (Sancho) loves playing for England and this team in particular so it's sad to see him go.
"It's a disappointment for him because he very much enjoyed his time in India and relished the chance to play in a World Cup.
"I can only imagine Dortmund want him back to play in their first team at the weekend and I assume he will be starting for them, because I can't think of a reason why you would take a player away from a World Cup."
But the move by Dortmund should not come as a huge surprise.
On joining the club, Sancho was handed the coveted number 7 shirt previously worn by Ousmane Dembele.
That decision could be seen as a clear statement of intent to get the winger playing for the 1997 European champions sooner, rather than later.
(foto Ospedale Bambino Gesù)
Nuovo eccezionale intervento all'ospedale pediatrico Bambino Gesù di Roma. Protagoniste Francine e Adrienne, due gemelline siamesi provenienti dal Burundi e separate nell'ospedale della Capitale il 30 novembre scorso. Le piccole, posizionate schiena contro schiena, erano unite per la zona sacrale (gemelle pigopaghe) e condividevano il midollo spinale e la parte terminale dell'intestino ano-retto. L'intervento di separazione è durato 12 ore e si è concluso con successo, fanno sapere oggi i sanitari.
In camera operatoria per la maratona chirurgica si sono alternate 4 diverse équipe per un totale di circa 25 persone, coordinate da Pietro Bagolan, direttore del Dipartimento di Neonatologia medica e chirurgica. Le piccole, dopo un periodo in terapia intensiva per i controlli post-operatori, sono ora tornate nella loro cameretta in Neonatologia, e la vigilia dell'Epifania festeggeranno 7 mesi di vita. Per l'ospedale è il secondo caso di separazione di gemelle siamesi a distanza di poche settimane. E' dell'ottobre scorso, infatti, l'intervento su Rayenne e Djihene, le piccole algerine unite per il torace e per l'addome. L'unica altra operazione di questo tipo al Bambino Gesù risale all'inizio degli anni '80, su due gemellini maschi.
Il percorso clinico e chirurgico delle neonate burundesi rientra nell'ambito delle attività umanitarie dell'Ospedale pediatrico della Santa Sede. Negli ultimi 2 anni i casi pro bono (interamente a carico del Bambino Gesù) sono stati circa 100, provenienti dai Paesi di tutto il mondo.
La preparazione all'intervento molto delicato, a cui hanno lavorato medici e specialisti di 5 diverse aree (Neonatologia, Chirurgia plastica, Neurochirurgia, Anestesiologia e Rianimazione, Diagnostica per immagini) è durata 3 mesi e ogni fase è stata studiata e pianificata con l'ausilio di stampe 3D, Tac e risonanze tridimensionali. Le neonate avevano in comune il midollo spinale, che correva dall'una all'altra senza interruzione, formando una sorta di V all'interno delle vertebre; il sacco durale (la membrana che riveste il midollo); la parte terminale dell'intestino retto, l'ano e lo sfintere.
Tutte queste parti congiunte sono state separate e poi ricostruite dai vari team secondo programma e tempi prestabiliti: i neonatologi hanno iniziato separando ano, retto e sfintere, quindi è stato il momento dei neurochirurghi per la separazione e l'immediata ricostruzione del midollo spinale e del sacco durale. Successivamente, in due diverse sale operatorie, i chirurghi neonatologi hanno ricostruito l'area sacrale di ciascuna gemella. I chirurghi plastici hanno terminato la complessa procedura occupandosi del ripristino e della chiusura dei tessuti.
"La sfida di questo intervento - spiega Bagolan - è stata separare il midollo spinale senza sacrificare le varie radici nervose; ricostruire velocemente il sacco durale per evitare perdite di liquido cerebro-spinale e ricreare l'area ano-rettale mantenendo integra la funzionalità dello sfintere. Il nostro obiettivo prioritario - assicura il direttore del Dipartimento di Neonatologia - era garantire alle bambine la migliore qualità di vita possibile tenendo conto che torneranno a crescere in un'area geografica in cui i presìdi sanitari sono una rarità".
Tra le varie tipologie di gemelli siamesi i pigopaghi, ovvero quelli congiunti tramite la parte posteriore del corpo, la zona sacrale, sono tra i più rari, circa l'1% del totale. In generale, la nascita di una coppia di gemelli siamesi è un evento inconsueto - in letteratura si conta 1 caso ogni 50-100mila nati vivi - legato alla divisione tardiva dell'embrione (a 12-14 giorni di età gestazionale), ma i motivi di questo ritardo non sono ancora stati scientificamente accertati. A causa della gravità delle malformazioni, il 75% dei siamesi non sopravvive. Ora finalmente Francine e Adrienne possono avere una vita indipendente, conoscersi e guardarsi negli occhi.
When my Rematch messaged me, I was very excited! To think that somebody would go out of their way to lift somebody's holiday made me feel really humbled.
My Rematch Santa sent me a beautiful glass teapot, along with some flowering tea balls (both of which I really wanted. Psychic SS?) Also, a fabulous National Geographic calendar of beauty spots in Japan, which I had mentioned that I would love to visit. The calendar will take pride of place at my desk, to remind me of my goals to visit more exotic places!
The tea was absolutely delicious and the teapot is amazing (makes me feel very ladylike, but that's only because I'm being careful not to break it!!)
My Rematch SS mentioned her name, but no Reddit username - so I'm really hoping this post gets seen by her.
Thank you so much Julie, you are such a thoughtful and generous lady and I hope 2014 brings you fun, laughter and many adventures! What a fantastic SS experience.
Casper Kjellström, 11, was trawling for mussels on the beach at Almenäs near Borås during the weekend's heatwave in Sweden, when he netted an unexpected treasure: a ring bearing the inscriptions “Christian” and “Annelie”.
“It was so hot that day, so the whole family had gone down to the beach. Then suddenly Casper came up from the water and was really excited,” the boy's mother Yasna Kjellström told The Local on Monday.
"But you know yourself the horrible feeling when you think you've lost your engagement ring, so when I got home I immediately started looking for the owner on social media," she added.
Her helpful Facebook friends joined the hunt for “Christian” or “Annelie”, and with one of her posts being shared almost a thousand times, it did not take long for the ring's rightful owner to get in touch.
Christian Perez, 43, had lost the engagement band when it fell off his finger on a visit to Almenäs in central Sweden last Thursday. Despite spending almost half an hour looking, he could not find it.
"I had covered myself in sunscreen, I think that's why the ring slipped off. When I failed to catch it I searched the bottom of the sea without finding it," he told local newspaper Borås Tidning.
“He said his wife had not been very happy he lost it. But we've been texting and he's going to come and pick it up. He was delighted and said that he had not thought people this honest existed. I just said 'of course they do',” Kjellström told The Local.
Casper Kjellström with the ring. Photo: Private
And for Casper it proved to be a catch he is likely to tell people about for a very long time.
“He's really proud and thinks it's such a big deal. He believes in karma, my son – he's just 11 – and has been telling me 'when you do a good deed, mum, you get something good in return',” Kjellström laughed affectionately.
The incident has turned the young trawler into a treasure hunter, but few finds have so far measured up to the engagement ring, said Kjellström.
“No, we went back to the beach yesterday, but only got mussels!”
We sent Dan Griliopoulos to take a look at BioShock: Infinite. It might have broken him. That's the explanation we have for the opening story. But read on for a super-detailed preview of the third BioShock game, and why Dan suspects it's going to be rather good.
From this side, the sign on the glass door read “eniveL .G.I
eyE etavirP” The possessor of this inverted moniker was kicked back, brogues pert on the cheap pine desk, face lost somewhere between the loosened tie and tilted fedora, hand trailing towards an errant whiskey glass. A door far below rattled. Heels chipped at plywood stairs. A customer. Levine didn't move. But somewhere beneath the hat, sneaking past the week-old stubble and whiskey halitosis, a thought crept in: work? Who'd give him work? Sure, the Ryan job had come off famously, but that was four years back and they'd given the follow-up to goddamn Marin, after all. The dame came in. She was pure glitz in a 2K-branded jacket and skirt. “We need you, Levine. You give us… cred. The problem's an Era, Levine. It's loose and no-one can capture an era like you. We need a 1900s emotional roller coaster with as many dimensions as you've got.” He was flattered, despite himself. They hadn't forgotten! He found himself sitting up, the tumbler abandoned. “Well, sweetcheques, I can do roller coasters. And I can do emotions. Not sure if even I can weld them to multidimensionality though… I might have to call Professor Heisenberg in on this one.”
Let me be open; I loved the first Bioshock beyond all reason. I gave the Xbox version 10/10 (for all the right reasons), I went and read Atlas: Shrugged to understand it better, I posited all sorts of pipedreams for sequel cities; Atlantis, Laputa, Zodanga. Yet Bioshock 2, whilst still a good game, whilst mechanically more fun than the original, was also more of a traditional sequel. It didn't take the original and run with it; it just took it, fixed the combat, extended the plot without altering the world, and added multiplayer. Where the first game was in love with its nascent myth and design, the sequel just loved the franchise. My fervour faded.
As you can tell from the fanfic above, seeing Bioshock Infinite at E3 has changed all that. Either Irrational put something in the E3 kool-aid or the joy of imagination has returned to Bioshock. It's taken that Laputa twist from Gulliver's Travels and conjured up a whole other alternate floating world. It has a familiar archaic jump-off point but retains those key Bioshock elements, the fantastic/ridiculous married (in the gameplay and the fiction) with a huge, powerful toolset. Most notable is the implication that, in the name and in the in-game Tears (capitalised to imply rips not boohoos), this is just one of a million parallel Bioshocks.
Summarising, what we know first; you play Booker De Witt, a detective hired to rescue/abduct a girl called Elizabeth. She's aboard Columbia, a floating World's Fair designed in 1900 to show the world the glory of America, but which turned violent during the Boxer rebellion and disappeared until 1912. The city itself, when it returns, is split between two factions: the Founders, xenophobic American reactionaries, and the Vox Populi, a fragmented group of levellers and immigrants with hardline communistic elements, and both want control of Elizabeth and her mysterious powers. Until De Witt manages to rescue her, she's kept locked away by Songbird – a biomechanical winged giant akin to the Big Daddies – who is her gaoler as well as her only friend. Sadly, Elizabeth won't leave the city until she understands her strange powers better, and De Witt is her unwilling guardian until she will.
The demo we saw took us through several areas newly overrun by the Vox Populi, watching them as they took over an area. There are elements of it in this teaser trailer:
Beyond this, we got taken through an area overrun by the Vox Populi. Irrational have taken all the classic game behaviour-shaping tools; lighting, structural direction, sound, imagery; and used them to drive people towards the story they want to tell, make you focus on the spots that they've poured all their detail into, such as the upcoming curio sho, the adverts on the walls, or the Vox Populi's troopers. Given the size of the arenas, this replicates and takes advantage of the way that the human eye rests and focuses on particular spots; it's like a magic trick, moving the focus of attention around, so you only see wizardry and not the mechanics underneath.
At this point De Witt and Elizabeth are searching for supplies and a way to Comstock, the leader of the Founders. We stop in at Major's Sundries, Notions and Novelties, which De Witt laconically describes as a junk shop. The actor playing De Witt channels the perfect pulp detective, straight out of Chandler and Hammett, and what's notable about this compared to Bioshock is the wealth of dialogue – De Witt and Elizabeth are endlessly chattering, bantering, like the classic His Girl Friday – and this continues once they get inside the curio shop. The shop is packed with junk and, as they're walking around, Elizabeth plays with the toys, trying on giant Abe Lincoln masks and acting up to the Academy Awards; Booker meanwhile chatters back and grabs ammo, guns, and upgrades (including a vigor called Bucking Bronco, which allows him to fling enemies up and around.)
Suddenly, however, there's a world-rattling shriek, like a steel ship scraping an iceberg, and they both silently take cover behind the shutters and ornaments. Outside, Songbird's searchlight-like eye peers in through the window, searching for his lost ward. There's a tense few moments, then he's off, hunting elsewhere. Elizabeth's response to this narrow escape is a little extreme; she asks Booker to kill her rather than ever allow her to go back into captivity, actually placing his hands around her neck.
Outside they find another dying horse, presumably crushed by Songbird's landing. Elizabeth is traumatised and is determined to save it. She opens a Tear to somewhere/somewhen in which the horse is alive; it attempts to struggle to its feet, but she can't maintain the rift and it collapses dead again. She tries again, and the rift into yet another world holds for a second longer, then collapses, and the horse with it. Finally, she pushes hard into the air and the Tear holds open into a dark, damp scene, bifurcating the bright world; as she stares in wonderment a huge mechanism speeds towards her and she just manages to shut the tear before it hits. This is all quite astonishing, and either it's in-engine or perfect enough CGI that I didn't see the cut.
Quickly, I want to talk Tears. These seem to be rifts into other worlds and times. Not only is that key element introduced slowly – through Elizabeth's lack of control over her powers – but works right thematically and mechanically in the game, whilst introducing a potential link to the wider Bioshock series. Artistically, inside each Tear is a different world. In the first demo, we heard anachronistic music (Tears For Fears “Everybody Wants To Rule The World”); in the demo we saw, Elizabeth opened a tear to an area with a cinema showing “Revenge of the Jedi”.
Meanwhile, to help De Witt during combat, Elizabeth can actualise one thing from a range of possibilities; she can spirit in cover, turrets and ammo dumps, or create doors leading elsewhere in the level. The options appear like flickering shadows until she chooses one.
(Of course, if the Tears imply that there are an infinite number of parallel universes that Elizabeth can reach into, then there could be universes out there with all the different outcomes from the first game; where any of good Jack, monstrous Jack, Fontaine, Ryan or Tenebaum triumphed. My guess is that this multi-dimensionality is what ultimately links the game's narrative back to the first two.)
Following this, the duo keep walking through the streets, seeing the dissonance between the publicly-proclaimed morality of the Vox Populi and their thugs's actions against the unarmed civilians on the street. Around them, are the city's streets, a hundred architectural styles and pre-World War I posters in joyously saturated colours. A Vox thug approaches and Booker warns him off with a drawn pistol; at any point in this section, Booker can start a fight. Eventually, there's no choice, which is where he gets to go onto the skyrails.
Here, Booker is attempting to keep Elizabeth safe and get to a zeppelin that's bombarding the area with rockets. His weaponry is fairly familiar; era guns and the Vigors which have replaced the plasmids from Bioshock (and which appear to have limited uses). He uses the skyrails to get between the different areas of this massively spread-out combat area, gradually riding upwards towards the Zeppelin, all the time talking to Elizabeth and making use of her abilities, as he battles socialists whooping as they ride the rails. Inside the Zeppelin, he triggers a detonation, leaving it sinking flaming to the ground, and plummets back towards the skyrails far below… jarred, he catches one and survives.
Shortly afterwards, Elizabeth and De Witt are trapped in an attic by Songbird; Songbird tears the roof off, knocks Booker down and is about to crush him, when Elizabeth runs up. She agrees to go back with Songbird; he picks her up in a single brassy claw, so that Booker and her have seconds to brush fingertips before she's gone again. Chasing them to the gaping roof, De Witt leaps out onto the skyrail. And fade.
From everything I saw at E3, Bioshock Infinite was probably my game of the show; I'll certainly play Skyrim for longer, but I'm certain that I'm going to enjoy this story much more. If you read our interview, you'll see the hubris they're showing, calling in Einstein, Heisenberg, and The Devil in the White City for the fiction, but what ultimately seals this for me is that joyous bright design and the charming dialogue between Elizabeth and Booker. I can't believe that this latter is going to be as organic as it was in the demo we saw; but if it is, PI Levine might find himself in great demand.
NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- Electronic Arts (EA) stock is falling by 5.40% to $67.16 on heavy trading volume on Wednesday afternoon, after the price of the company's highly-anticipated video game, "Star Wars: Battlefront," was cut to $39.99 from $59.99 at GameStop (GME).
Other retailers, including Best Buy Co. (BBY) and Target Corp. (TGT), are still selling the game for $59.99. Amazon (AMZN) has matched the $39.99 price for PlayStation 4 and PC.
GameStop's promotion was planned, but the drop in Electronic Arts' stock price is an opportunity to buy shares, according to MKM Partners, The Fly reports.
Last month, GameStop COO Tony Bartel said during an earnings call that sales of "Star Wars: Battlefront" were off to "a slow start," but added that sales could be "very strong" closer to the release of the movie "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" on December 18.
"Star Wars: Battlefront" was released on November 17 and is expected to help drive a 24% year-over-year increase in fiscal 2016 third quarter revenue for Electronic Arts.
So far today, 6.46 million shares of Electronic Arts have exchanged hands, compared with its average daily volume of 3.44 million shares.
Separately, TheStreet Ratings team rates ELECTRONIC ARTS INC as a Buy with a ratings score of B-. TheStreet Ratings Team has this to say about their recommendation:
We rate ELECTRONIC ARTS INC (EA) a BUY. This is driven by multiple strengths, which we believe should have a greater impact than any weaknesses, and should give investors a better performance opportunity than most stocks we cover. The company's strengths can be seen in multiple areas, such as its solid stock price performance, largely solid financial position with reasonable debt levels by most measures, notable return on equity and expanding profit margins. We feel its strengths outweigh the fact that the company has had sub par growth in net income.
Highlights from the analysis by TheStreet Ratings Team goes as follows:
Image caption The West Highland Way covers 96 miles (154.4km) from Milngavie, on the outskirts of Glasgow, to Fort William
Some trails on Scotland's famous West Highland Way will be improved with £750,000 in government funding.
The cash injection will be spent improving parts of the 96-mile-long route from Milngavie to Fort William.
The money is part of £3.15m being given to Forestry Commission Scotland to improve Scotland's forest estates.
Another £1m will be spent building more than 11 miles of new paths and upgrading surfaces on the Great Glen Way between Fort William and Inverness.
And £900,000 has been earmarked for building refurbishment, including installing a biomass-based heating system in the forestry office at Aberfoyle and upgrading workshops in Cairnbaan in West Argyll and Creebridge in Galloway.
A total of £500,000 will also be spent on stabilising the slopes above the A82 road near Fort William, where the harvesting of older trees is taking place.
Environment minister Paul Wheelhouse said: "We want more Scots and visitors to enjoy and have access to Scotland's great outdoors. This funding boost for the Forestry Commission Scotland will help towards achieving that.
"The projects will not only create new work and jobs but will also have a lasting benefit in supporting green tourism in rural parts of Scotland and encouraging people to get involved in physical activity."
Donald Trump and those closest to him have repeatedly insisted that there was no such collusion during the 2016 election. It could easily be argued that direct collusion was unnecessary—Trump publicly encouraged Russian hacks and gleefully disseminated information that came from them, making active collusion unnecessary. But it's no surprise that Trump and his team have taken the allegation so seriously. Evidence that members of the campaign were in contact with a foreign government that was intent on influencing the election would be borderline treasonous.
On Thursday evening, The Wall Street Journal published a story that could be the first step in establishing that there was some collusion between Russian intelligence and members of the Trump campaign. According to the Journal, Peter Smith, a longtime Republican operative, attempted to acquire the 33,000 “missing” emails from Hillary Clinton's email server and reached out to hackers in an effort to get them. Smith, who died in May, implied that he was working with Michael Flynn, and “assembled a group of technology experts, lawyers, and a Russian-speaking investigator” to locate the emails.
“We knew the people who had these were probably around the Russian government,” Smith said. The Journal also reports that U.S. intelligence intercepted conversations between Russian hackers who were discussing how to get Clinton's emails and then send them to Flynn via an intermediary, possibly Smith.
There are lots of unanswered questions in this story, the biggest being why Russia would choose Smith, seemingly a nonentity, as an intermediary in its attempt to influence the U.S. election. But this story puts cracks in two important narratives. The first is that Smith suggests he knew that some of the hackers were working with the Russian government, which contradicts one possible defense: that Trump campaign officials were interacting with cutouts and weren't aware of their connection to Moscow.
The second, which is much more important, is that if Smith is telling the truth and that he and Flynn were working directly with hackers they suspected of working with the Russian government, then that blows up Trump's claim that there was no collusion between his campaign and Russia. A Trump campaign official tried to preemptively spin this, telling the Journal that any coordination with Flynn “would have been in his capacity as a private individual.” But that only shows how weak Trump's defense is if this story is true.
Go on then. Hit us with the big attention-grabbing one-liner. What is it?
Only the fastest-accelerating Audi road car in history!
OK, that's not a bad attention-grabbing one-liner. How quick is it, exactly?
Significantly. The R8 V10 Plus will do 0-62mph in 3.5 seconds and top out at 198mph, figures within a gnat's crotchet of the Ferrari 458 Italia. Such is the impact of a 5.2-litre V10 churning out 550bhp through all four wheels.
What's the ‘Plus' bit about? I'm guessing it doesn't ride a bit higher and have a useful chunk of extra bootspace, a la Golf Plus?
Sadly not. The V10 Plus is the flagship of the R8's mid-life facelift for coupe and convertible, which sees spangly all-LED headlights rolled out across the range, a comprehensive weight-loss strategy and, most importantly, a new ‘S-tronic' double-clutch gearbox to replace the R8's clunking old automated manual. While the power outputs of the standard V8 and V10 remain unchanged at 430bhp and 525bhp respectively, the range-topping V10 Plus - available in coupe form only - gets a 25bhp power hike, ceramic brakes as standard and lots of lightweight CFRP.
So what's it like?
Entirely un-terrifying. The R8 V10 has always been a seriously rapid but seriously approachable supercar, and the Plus serves up more of the same with a lump of extra speed for good measure. It remains an easy thing to drive slowly: the steering is light and clean, the visibility is decent, and those ceramic brakes are unusually progressive even when cold.
And when you don't drive it slowly?
It's fast. Very fast. Pretty much as fast as you can possibly go down a wet back road, actually. With the security of four-wheel drive, you can blitz the V10 Plus to the rev limiter on tarmac requiring a ginger right foot in a RWD supercar. And it sounds ruddy marvellous when you do.
And that gearbox?
A revelation. We never got on with the R8's old ‘R-tronic' box, but this is one of the best flappy-paddle systems out there. It's silky smooth in normal mode when pottering through town, but ballistically quick when you engage Sport mode, banging through downshifts with a thumping woofle. Unlike many dual-clutch set-ups, it's capable of dropping two, or even four gears in a single blip, a surprisingly useful feature when you've been ambling behind a lorry in sixth gear but urgently need to find second for a ooh-look-a-bit-of-clear-road overtake. Audi expects some three-quarters of R8 customers to go S-tronic. We suspect it could be an even higher proportion.
So, having just found precisely £127,575 down the back of the sofa, I should buy a Plus, right?
No. Well, we wouldn't, anyhow. Fast and capable as it is, we'd stick with the non-Plus V10 as our R8 of choice.
But it's less fast. Faster is always better. Don't go getting all Oak-Huggers Monthly on us.
But the Plus is also harder-riding, with passive damping and a specifically beefy suspension set-up befitting of the sportiest model in the line-up. It isn't quite a vertebrae-shattering Nurburgring special, but on bad roads it's not quite so fluent as a standard V10 coupe equipped with Audi's clever magnetic ride. And, let's be honest, 525bhp is probably sufficient for most school-runs.
I still want the fast one.
If you've got the cash to retarmac your morning commute, go right ahead. We'll have the standard V10.
Coupe or Spyder?
Either. We're not that fussy, y'know…
Sam Philip
The specs
Audi R8 V10 plus, £127,675, 5204cc, V10, AWD, 0-62mph in 3.5 secs, 198mph, 550bhp, 398lb ft, 1,595kg, 21.9mpg, 299g/km CO2
7/10
Update: Hello Games founder and No Man's Sky creative lead Sean Murray has tweeted to say: "Server hacked. We're binging Mr Robot episodes as quickly as we can looking for answers. Ep05 is a cracker."
Murray tweeted again to say: "If anything was a mistake, it was using Linked In without [two-factor authentication."
Original Story: No Man's Sky developer Hello Games has seemingly had its Twitter account hacked, following months of silence following the release of its highly-anticipated but ultimately controversial sci-fi exploration game on PS4 and PC.
Hackers tweeted only once (embedded below) before Hello Games noticed and deleted the tweet. It read simply: "No Man's Sky was a mistake," indicating the perpetrators of the hack were disgruntled gamers unhappy with the game.
The tweet was sent via LinkedIn, indicating the hackers were able to access the account through the LinkedIn account associated with it.
Prior to this, the Hello Games Twitter had been left dormant since 23 September, following the release of patch 1.09. The Guildford studios' founder Sean Murray hasn't tweeted since 18 August, just nine days after the game was released.
No Man's Sky proved a controversial release in August. The game provided players with a near-infinite universe of procedurally-generated planets housing procedurally-generated animals and plant life. Players inhabit the same universe, discovering planets and lifeforms others are also able to discover.
While we enjoyed it, the game disappointed many due to unfulfilled promises, how different the final product was compared to early trailers and its inability to meet the lofty expectations many fans had after years of intense anticipation.
Complaints from players led to the UK's Advertising Standards Authority launching an investigation into how the game has been advertised on Steam. In response to the backlash, Sony Worldwide Studios president Shuhei Yoshida said: "It wasn't a great PR strategy, because he [Murray] didn't have a PR person helping him, and in the end he is an indie developer. But he says their plan is to continue to develop No Man's Sky features and such, and I'm looking forward to continuing to play the game."
Murray's last tweet read: "We're totally focused on customer support right now. Then we'll move onto improving and adding features to the game."
Hello Games hasn't officially addressed the apparent hack of its Twitter account. IBTimes UK has reached out to the studio for confirmation and comment.
For all the latest video game news follow us on Twitter @IBTGamesUK.
Nineteen girls from the Kurdish Yazidi religious community were burned to death in iron cages by Islamic State militants in the Kurdish region of Iraq on Thursday after refusing to have sex with their ISIS captors, the ARA News website reported on Tuesday.
"The victims, who had been taken by ISIS jihadis as sex slaves, were placed in iron cages in central Mosul and burned to death in front of hundreds of people," the website stated, citing information from local media activist Abdullah al-Malla. "They were punished for refusing to have sex with ISIS militants,” Malla said.
“The 19 girls were burned to death, while hundreds of people were watching. Nobody could do anything to save them from the brutal punishment,” an eyewitness told ARA News in Mosul.
More than 5,000 Yazidis, mostly women and children, were captured and enslaved by the militants when they overran the Sinjar area in northwestern Iraq in the summer of 2014, purging the minority they consider to be devil worshippers.
At of the end of last month, more than 2,000 Yazidis had escaped, been ransomed or were rescued, but the rest remained unaccounted for as of then.
Yazidi captives have been taken to towns and cities across the militants' self-proclaimed caliphate in Iraq and Syria, including their de facto capitals of Raqqa in Syria and Mosul in Iraq.
A suspect accused of stealing a cell phone called 911 to report her alleged victim for harassment, according to a report from Komo News Tuesday. Police responded to the call when the suspect said the victim was "following her and refusing to leave her alone."
The Seattle Police Department relayed the suspect's story: she was sitting on the bus with her boyfriend near a sleeping 21-year-old man who suddenly woke up and accused the couple of taking his phone. According to the alleged victim, he was listening to music on his phone with his eyes closed when the music suddenly stopped. When he looked up, he alleged, the suspect and her boyfriend were holding his phone.
When he accused them of taking his device, he reported that the couple began punching and kicking him and then ran off the bus. He followed them, and the boyfriend ran away while the woman paused to call 911. Komo News reported that police arrived on the scene, and the woman continued to insist that she had not taken the phone until officers noticed a phone-shaped bulge in her pocket. She was arrested and taken to King County Jail for investigation of robbery as well as for allegedly possessing three grams of crack.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Anna Holligan reports from the Hook of Holland ferry port
Hurricane-force winds and tidal surges have killed at least seven people in northern Europe, flooded parts of Hamburg and left thousands of homes without electricity.
The storm, called Xaver, blew a tree on to a car in Poraj, northern Poland, killing three people inside.
The storm also caused two deaths in the UK, one in Sweden and one in Denmark.
Dozens of flights have been cancelled, hitting travellers at Berlin Tegel, Copenhagen and smaller airports.
Many rail and ferry services were also cut in Germany and Scandinavia.
There is severe disruption in southern Sweden, with all rail services cancelled in the Skane region. Planes have been grounded at Sturup airport and Gothenburg's Landvetter airport, Radio Sweden reports.
Fallen trees have blocked many roads in southern Sweden and heavy snow is adding to the chaos.
More than 1,000 people spent the night at Copenhagen airport.
In eastern England about 10,000 homes were evacuated in Norfolk and Suffolk. Several homes collapsed into the sea at Hemsby when the storm battered the clifftop.
The Thames Barrier was closed for a second day to protect London from the surge.
Many schools have been closed across the north of Poland and Germany. Winds gusted at nearly 150km/h (93mph) in northern Germany.
In Poland at least 400,000 homes are without electricity because of severed power lines.
Thousands of homes were also left without power in Sweden and Norway on Friday, the Associated Press news agency reports.
The port of Hamburg, which handles a huge amount of European trade, was shut overnight, but has now reopened.
Image caption Residents of Hamburg woke up to find the historic fish market flooded
Image caption Helsingborg, southern Sweden: The coast road was flooded
Image caption The tidal surge battered Emden in north Germany, near the Dutch border
Image caption The storm at Hemsby, eastern England, pushed several homes off the cliff
Image caption In Scotland, a lorry driver was killed when his vehicle blew over.
Image caption Heavy snow caused traffic chaos at Olpe, near Germany's industrial Ruhr region
Image caption There were also traffic jams in snowy parts of southern Sweden
Hamburg has experienced its biggest tidal surges since the 1960s. The city's fish market and some streets by the river Elbe were flooded.
The river there rose 6m (20ft) above its average level, and the authorities are warning of a fresh surge expected on Friday evening.
There was also limited flooding in the Netherlands - officials say the sea dykes withstood the onslaught.
A woman died in Denmark after a lorry was blown over.
The Oeresund road-rail bridge, linking Copenhagen in Denmark with Malmo in southern Sweden, has reopened. It had been closed on Thursday evening amid high winds.
Workers boarded up the windows of the Viking Ship Museum at Roskilde, just west of Copenhagen, fearing the high winds would shatter the glass.
In Scotland a lorry driver was killed on Thursday when his vehicle was blown over near Edinburgh. A man was crushed by a falling tree in Nottinghamshire, central England.
On Thursday winds of up to 228km/h (142 mph) battered Scotland.
England's east coast experienced its worst tidal surge in 60 years, while in north Wales residents had to be rescued by lifeboat crews.
Two sailors were reportedly swept overboard from a ship 22 km (14 miles) off the southern Swedish coast, and air-sea rescue services failed to find them.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Weather presenter Matt Taylor explains how a storm surge happens
In the low-lying Netherlands, the Eastern Scheldt storm surge barrier was closed off for the first time in six years. Dutch authorities said they had issued the highest possible flood warning for four areas in the north.
There was some flooding in Dordrecht and Rotterdam. But rail services are generally running normally in the Netherlands, the NOS news agency reports.
In Schleswig-Holstein, north Germany, many rail services have been halted. Fallen trees are littering railway lines.
On Thursday dozens of flights were cancelled at Amsterdam's Schiphol airport, but now Schiphol is back on schedule, NOS reports.
A blind, former paralympian convicted of sexually assaulting a woman won't spend any time in jail.
The reason for Judge Heather Lamoureux's decision in a Calgary courtroom Tuesday was largely based on the grounds that Alberta's correctional institutions cannot accommodate Keith Myette's disability.
Instead, Myette — who requires 24-hour assistance from his guide dog — will serve his 18-month sentence under house arrest.
The Crown had been asking for 18 months to two years behind bars.
Defence lawyer Brendan Miller says putting a blind criminal in jail would be a human rights issue.
"To throw him in jail would be a definite breach of any kind of domestic or international human rights," said Miller.
"This gentleman needs people to help him out — including his seeing eye dog [and] some other social workers and caregivers in the community — and to simply lock up a fellow who is 100 per cent blind and throw away the key just wouldn't accord with any kind of human rights standard that we have in Canada or internationally."
Steven Sehaal, the deputy director for Calgary Correctional Centre, testified Myette is the second case of a blind person facing time behind bars in his 27-year career.
International law taken into consideration
He said there is also no provincial policy in place that deals with blind offenders.
Sehaal said Myette would have been placed in 24-hour protective custody, and he would not be permitted to have his guide dog.
Protective custody limits inmates to a half hour of fresh air and one hour at the gym on alternating days.
He said nothing in the prison is written in Braille, and correctional officers have no training to deal with blind offenders.
"To put my client in incarceration would amount to a breach of our international treaty obligations for protecting people with disabilities," he said.
"It is the first time in Canadian criminal law that international law was taken into consideration in a sentencing, and I think that Judge Lamoureux came to the right decision."
Myette, who represented Canada in track and field at the Paralympic Games in 1984 and 1992, was previously employed with the City of Calgary to conduct public speaking appearances on the issue of blindness and disability.
The sex offender will now be confined to his home 24 hours a day but be able to leave under certain conditions, such as work, walking his guide dog, up to one hour of shopping for the necessities of life, and counselling.
Doug Mataconis · · 2 comments
There's yet more evidence of odd behavior from Afghan President Hamid Karzai:
KABUL, Afghanistan — Two senior Afghan officials were showing President Hamid Karzai the evidence of the spectacular rocket attack on a nationwide peace conference earlier this month when Mr. Karzai told them that he believed the Taliban were not responsible.
“The president did not show any interest in the evidence — none — he treated it like a piece of dirt,” said Amrullah Saleh, then the director of the Afghan intelligence service.
Mr. Saleh declined to discuss Mr. Karzai's reasoning in more detail. But a prominent Afghan with knowledge of the meeting, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said that Mr. Karzai suggested in the meeting that it might have been the Americans who carried it out.
Minutes after the exchange, Mr. Saleh and the interior minister, Hanif Atmar, resigned — the most dramatic defection from Mr. Karzai's government since he came to power nine years ago. Mr. Saleh and Mr. Atmar said they quit because Mr. Karzai made clear that he no longer considered them loyal.
But underlying the tensions, according to Mr. Saleh and Afghan and Western officials, was something more profound: That Mr. Karzai had lost faith in the Americans and NATO to prevail in Afghanistan.
For that reason, Mr. Saleh and other officials said, Mr. Karzai has been pressing to strike his own deal with the Taliban and the country's archrival, Pakistan, the Taliban's longtime supporter. According to a former senior Afghan official, Mr. Karzai's maneuverings involve secret negotiations with the Taliban outside the purview of American and NATO officials.
“The president has lost his confidence in the capability of either the coalition or his own government to protect this country,” Mr. Saleh said in an interview at his home. “President Karzai has never announced that NATO will lose, but the way that he does not proudly own the campaign shows that he doesn't trust it is working.”
People close to the president say he began to lose confidence in the Americans last summer, after national elections in which independent monitors determined that nearly one million ballots had been stolen on Mr. Karzai's behalf. The rift worsened in December, when President Obama announced that he intended to begin reducing the number of American troops by the summer of 2011.
“Karzai told me that he can't trust the Americans to fix the situation here,” said a Western diplomat in Kabul, who spoke on condition of anonymity. “He believes they stole his legitimacy during the elections last year. And then they said publicly that they were going to leave.”
WASHINGTON: US lawmakers and Indian-Americans have congratulated Narendra Modi for leading the BJP to a historic win, hoping that his elevation to the prime minister's post would further strengthen bilateral ties.
"A partnership between the world's two largest and greatest democracies is necessary for us to successfully address the many global challenges we face, including economic growth, bilateral trade, the environment, terrorism, and security," Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard said.
Gabbard, the first ever Hindu lawmaker in the US Congress, made a telephone call to Modi and congratulated him and the BJP for winning a majority vote in the Lok Sabha.
"This election was an extraordinary achievement for the 550 million Indians who voted over the course of six weeks in some 930,000 polling locations. I look forward to working with Mr Modi and other members of the Indian government toward our mutual goals of peace, stability and economic growth in the Asia-Pacific region," Gabbard said.
Congressman Ed Royce, Chairman of the powerful House Foreign Affairs Committee, said, "I congratulate Narendra Modi on being elected as the next Prime Minister of India. This is a historic moment for India, and I will work closely with Prime Minister-elect Modi to strengthen the important relationship between our two countries."
Powerful Democratic Senator Mark Warner, who is co-chair of the bipartisan Senate India Caucus, in a statement congratulated BJP and Modi on their electoral victory.
"I look forward to working with the new Indian government to move the US-India relationship forward," he said.
The Indian American-Forum for Political Education described the electoral triumph as a historic win for the BJP.
"It is a new era, new beginning and this new leadership that would shape India for a brighter future. We also would like to congratulate the people of India who have shown and wisdom, maturity in deciding and opting for a change for a better India," said Dr Sampat Shivangi, president of the IAFPE.
"We definitely want to appreciate President Obama's personal initiative in reaching out to Shri Narendra Modi welcoming him and inviting him to visit USA which is long overdue. We believe two world leaders, President Obama and Prime Minister Modi will take India-US relations to the glory days of peace and prosperity for both the nations," she said.
Many Indian-Americans across the US lit 'diyas' last evening in their homes, community centers and temples to celebrate the victory of Modi.
A popular restaurant in Edison city of New Jersey kept its pre-election promise by distributing free 'Methi Gota' (Gujarati Pakoda) to all its customers to celebrate Modi's victory. (MORE) LKJ ASK ASK
The vast majority of websites are built on top of existing platforms such as Wordpress , Joomla and Drupal .
Sometimes, because of the use of an older version of the platform (Drupal for example) or because of certain plugins used (or insecure code), these sites can become vulnerable to attacks and might eventually be compromised.
In the post-attack phase, there may be malicious files present, and those need to be cleaned up.
This post will focus on determining provenance of PHP files, and performing static analysis on PHP code to assess if it presents a risk.
The code in malicious files may contain function calls like this eval/*random string*/(arguments) , which is valid PHP syntax, but many of these atypical code fragments are present especially in obfuscated code so using regexes to find function calls can be complicated and prone to error.
A regex approach is unlikely to be aware of the code structure and might return false matches.
What Comes Next For NASA After Juno? Not Much
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA/JPL NASA/JPL
The exploration of our outer solar system is about to hit a real slump.
NASA is celebrating Juno's arrival at Jupiter, but in less than two years, Juno will be gone — it's slated to plunge into the gas giant and burn up. The Cassini spacecraft, now orbiting Saturn, will meet the same fate next year.
"It'll be the first time since the 1970s that there will be no NASA presence in the outer planets," says Casey Dreier, director of space policy at The Planetary Society. "For the first time in 40 years, the lights will go out in the outer solar system."
NASA does have some upcoming missions closer to home. In September, one mission will go off toward an asteroid, aiming to return a sample to Earth. And there are a couple of missions that will go back to Mars: a big rover in 2020, and a lander that was supposed to launch this year but got delayed until 2018.
"The only reason we have any mission between now and the next four years, essentially, is because one mission missed its launch window," says Dreier. "So there is a real precipice that we're approaching."
Usually NASA has one or two launches of planetary missions a year, says Jason Barnes of the University of Idaho, who chairs the division for planetary sciences of the American Astronomical Society.
"Basically we're suffering now from what were budget cuts to the planetary budget that started in 2013 with the sequester," Barnes says.
NASA's planetary science budget got slashed by about 20 percent, and managers scrambled to save missions that were already underway. Barnes says almost all planning for future missions was put off.
"No missions were able to get started during that sort of 2013 to 2015 period," he explains.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bill Ingalls/NASA Bill Ingalls/NASA
NASA is now trying to whip up some new adventures, and Congress is getting involved here, too.
Lawmakers recently ordered NASA to visit Europa, an icy moon that orbits Jupiter. It may have vast underground oceans, making it an intriguing place to look for life.
Last year's final appropriations act required NASA to launch a Europa mission no later than 2022, says Dreier, who notes that "people kind of jokingly refer to it as the only mission that would be illegal for NASA not to fly."
And the law doesn't just say go to Europa. It says go there on a certain rocket — one that Congress demanded that NASA build after the retirement of the space shuttles.
"It's the most powerful rocket humans have ever built. It will take astronauts to Mars," says Jim Green, the director of the planetary science division at NASA.
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute
In the past, critics have argued that this massive rocket is too expensive and won't fly astronauts often enough to make sense.
"If they can't fly humans enough on this rocket, what's this rocket going to do every year, or twice a year?" asks Dreier, who notes that this presents an opportunity for planetary science.
"It has an enormous power and capability. Human exploration will be developing these and they want to stay proficient, and so launching unmanned probes, particularly to the outer part of our solar system, might indeed be a good thing for everyone," says Green.
Places far out there, like Europa, might be good targets because this big rocket can get there in less than three years, instead of the usual seven or eight.
"I'm delighted to say we're going to Europa. Whether the law helps us there, or not, our plan has always been to go to Europa at some time or another," says Green.
There are other places in the outer solar system that NASA would like to visit, too, such as Saturn's moon Titan, which has lakes of liquid methane. And another moon, Enceladus, clearly has an underground store of water. "We see geysers coming out of the southern hemisphere," notes Green.
Early next year, NASA will put out a call for proposals for a new, medium-sized mission. Both Titan and Enceladus were recently added to the list of possible destinations.
The agency is also currently mulling over five options for a smaller mission that could fly as early as 2020. Those include proposals to study Venus, near-Earth objects and asteroids.
- regions above sea level (white color) - unvegetated - sea black outline indicates present-day Japan Japan at the Last Glacial Maximum in the Late Pleistocene about 20,000 years agoblack outline indicates present-day Japan
The Japanese Paleolithic period (旧石器時代, kyūsekki jidai) is the period of human inhabitation in Japan predating the development of pottery, generally before 10,000 BC[1]. The starting dates commonly given to this period are from around 40,000 BC;[2] although any date of human presence before 35,000 BC is controversial, with artifacts supporting a pre-35,000 BC human presence on the archipelago being of questionable authenticity.[3] The period extended to the beginning of the Mesolithic Jōmon period, or around 14,000 BC,[4]
The earliest human bones were discovered in the city of Hamamatsu in Shizuoka Prefecture, which were determined by Radiocarbon dating to date to around 14,000–18,000 years ago.
Archaeology of the Paleolithic period [ edit ]
The study of the Paleolithic period in Japan did not begin until quite recently: the first Paleolithic site was not discovered until 1946, right after the end of World War II[1]. Due to the previous assumption that humans did not live in Japan before the Jōmon period, excavations usually stopped at the beginning of the Jōmon stratum (14,000 BC), and were not carried on further. However, since that first Paleolithic find by Tadahiro Aizawa, around 5,000 Paleolithic sites have been discovered, some of them at existing Jōmon archaeological sites, and some dating to the Pleistocene era. Sites have been discovered from southern Kyushu to northern Hokkaido, but most are small and only stone tools have been preserved due to the high acidity of the Japanese soil. As the Palaeolithic peoples probably occupied the wide coastal shelves exposed by lower sea levels during the Pleistocene, the majority of sites are most likely inundated.[1]
The study of the Japanese Paleolithic period is characterized by a high level of stratigraphic information due to the volcanic nature of the archipelago: large eruptions tend to cover the islands with levels of Volcanic ash, which are easily datable and can be found throughout the country as a reference. A very important such layer is the AT (Aira-Tanzawa) pumice, which covered all Japan around 21,000–22,000 years ago.
In 2000 the reputation of Japanese archaeology of the Paleolithic was heavily damaged by a scandal, which has become known as the Japanese Paleolithic hoax. The Mainichi Shimbun reported the photos in which Shinichi Fujimura, an archaeologist in Miyagi Prefecture, had been planting artifacts at the Kamitakamori site, where he "found" the artifacts the next day. He admitted the fabrication in an interview with the newspaper. The Japanese Archaeological Association disaffiliated Fujimura from its members. A special investigation team of the Association revealed that almost all the artifacts which he had found were his fabrication.
Since the discovery of the hoax, only a few sites can tentatively date human activity in Japan to 40,000–50,000 BC, and the first widely accepted date of human presence on the archipelago can be reliably dated circa 35,000 BC.[3]
Mammoth hunt, (Hyogo Prefectural Museum of Archaeology)
The Japanese Paleolithic is unique in that it incorporates one of the earliest known sets of ground stone and polished stone tools in the world, although older ground stone tools have been discovered in Australia.[5][6] The tools, which have been dated to around 30,000 BC, are a technology associated in the rest of the world with the beginning of the Neolithic around 10,000 BC. It is not known why such tools were created so early in Japan.[7]
Because of this originality, the Japanese Paleolithic period in Japan does not exactly match the traditional definition of Paleolithic based on stone technology (chipped stone tools). Japanese Paleolithic tool implements thus display Mesolithic and Neolithic traits as early as 30,000 BC.[citation needed]
Paleoanthropology [ edit ]
The Paleolithic populations of Japan, as well as the later Jōmon populations, appear to relate to an ancient Paleo-Asian group which occupied large parts of Asia before the expansion of the populations characteristic of today's people of China, Korea, and Japan.[8][9]
During much of this period, Japan was connected to the Asian continent by land bridges due to lower sea levels. [1] Skeletal characteristics point to many similarities with other aboriginal people of the Asian continent. Dental structures belong to the Sundadont group, mainly distributed in ancient populations of South-East Asia (where current populations belong to a mixture of Sunadont and Sinodont groups). Skull features tend to be stronger, with comparatively recessed eyes.[10]
The aboriginal populations of the Ainu, today mostly confined to the northern island of Hokkaidō, and the Ryukyuan people, mostly in southern Japan, appear to be the descendants of these Paleolithic populations, and display features that have, in the past, been interpreted as Caucasoid, but today tend to be considered more generally as part of that early Paleolithic human stock and are genetically closer to Southeast Asians.[citation needed]
Genetic analysis on today's populations is not clear-cut and tends to indicate a fair amount of genetic intermixing between the earliest populations of Japan and later arrivals (Cavalli-Sforza). It is estimated that 20 to 30% of the genetic capital of the Japanese population (Yamato people) today derives from the aboriginal Paleolithic-Jōmon ancestry, with the remainder coming from later migrations from the continent, especially during the Yayoi period.[11]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
BREAKING UPDATES ON LONDON TERRORIST ATTACKS: Police Search For Suspects, Identify Victims
A vicious and brutal islamic attack that killed 5 people and injured over 40 shook London and England on Wednesday.
This car attack was similar to other deadly attacks across Europe. .The brutal knife attacks and car attacks popping up almost daily across Europe.
This Islamist killed four innocent civilians, including Police Officer Keith Palmer who was stabbed by this terrorist as he ran in towards the parliament building.
Keith Palmer was a member of the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Squad, he also had over 15 years of experience protecting and keeping the British people safe.
The metropolitan police held a minute of silence this morning to commemorate the life and sacrifice of PC Keith Palmer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FX6rHGBnQQ
Many tributes also came in with MP's and close friends commenting on Palmer's death
Nina Orpington a former colleague of Palmer paid tribute calling the police officer an ‘absolutely lovely man' who “didn't deserve to die”.
Conservative MP James Cleverly also paid tribute to PC Palmer saying that he was ‘heartbroken' by the loss of such a ‘lovely man'.
The victims of this horrific attack included a man in his fifties who died after falling off the bridge and landing onto the underpass. Another victim Aysha Fields was on her way to pick up her children from school when she was hit by her killer's car.
There is also many people with critical injuries including children.
The victims include:
University student Travis Frain – who suffered a cracked rib and and a cracked hand which was subsequently amputated
– who suffered a cracked rib and and a cracked hand which was subsequently amputated Three other police officers were also injured during the attack.
A woman was also pulled out of the Thames after jumping in when the car rampaged towards her.This woman has reportedly been paralyzed from the legs down.
Their was also 3 French school children who were injured during the attack and left in “catastrophic condition”
South Korean officials have reported that a South Korean tourist was hit by the car and has now lost an arm after being left in a horrific condition.
The final reported injury came from a man who is currently suffering from severe injuryies after being hit by a car and left in critical condition.
H/T – www.dailymail.co.uk
Sour grapes anyone?
The list of Democratic lawmakers boycotting the Trump inauguration keeps growing, with no end in sight. And now, Minnesota Representative and possible DNC chair Keith Ellison has officially joined the sore loser ranks.
Ellison explained his reasoning in a tweet Monday afternoon.
I will not celebrate a man who preaches a politics of division and hate. I won't be attending Donald Trump's inauguration. — Keith Ellison (@keithellison) January 16, 2017
That makes 25 Democratic House members and counting, including Georgia Rep. John Lewis, who called Trump's upcoming presidency “illegitimate” because of Russian hacking, or something. One can't help but wonder what these folks would be saying if Hillary Clinton had won and Republican lawmakers were boycotting HER inauguration, but we all know the answer to that question.
Embarrassing number of viewers watched NFL playoffs instead of Obama's ‘farewell' address?
Being the highest profile Democrat to boycott the inauguration so far, Ellison naturally drew plenty of fire on social media. After all, Twitter makes pointing out liberal hypocrisy easy, and fun!
Ellison won't go to Trump's inauguration, but he'll attend fundraisers with Hamas guys. https://t.co/jMYLjK2DBh — David Reaboi (@davereaboi) January 16, 2017
Maybe you can go meet with another bank funding suicide bombings instead https://t.co/Pth9tW9fm2 — Katie Pavlich (@KatiePavlich) January 17, 2017
Like Louis Farrakhan? — Glenn Amurgis (@gamurgis) January 16, 2017
@keithellison Dude, you preached about making a separate country for black people. Spare us the hypocrisy. — President Alinsky (@obama_speech) January 16, 2017
https://twitter.com/AIIAmericanGirI/status/821157997850279936
@obama_speech @keithellison So glad the democrat party is dying!!! — CNN Is Fake News (@yoyao25) January 16, 2017
#MLKDAY
Most Hate-filled Racists in America!
1. Al Sharpton
2. Van Jones
3. Eric Holder
4. Loretta Lynch
5. John Lewis
6. Keith Ellison — ❌🚨Josh Cornett🚨❌ (@therealcornett) January 16, 2017
Op-ed views and opinions expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent the views of BizPac Review.
Wake up right! Receive our free morning news blast HERE
She's everywhere we want to be.
The Clintons inadvertently caused a social-media stampede last weekend at a performance of The Color Purple when attendees saw the couple making their way to their seats. Now that Hillary Clinton has emerged from the woods of Chappaqua, she's being spotted everywhere from New Paltz to Manhattan, and there are plenty of pictures to prove it. From an early morning breakfast to dinner with Ralph Lauren, Hillary's every move is being catalogued by well-wishers and fans. There's even a Twitter account dedicated to this hot new hobby, @HRCintheWild. As always, the New York Times is on the case.
Update from a tipster: The Clintons were spotted at the final matinee of The Humans this afternoon. HRC received a standing ovation, and one fan shouted, “Our president!” The Clintons went backstage to meet the cast after the show.
The people's President. Hillary tonight at the final performance of The Color Purple. pic.twitter.com/ph9Ju9uIm2 — Ross Rodham 📎 (@OnceUponARoss) January 8, 2017
Source sends me these photos of @HRCintheWild, at @BwayColorPurple's last show pic.twitter.com/9ie23KDXcw — Gabe Fleisher (@WakeUp2Politics) January 8, 2017
First one in her family to breakfast this morning. A post shared by Mike Smith (@mikebobsmith) on Dec 28, 2016 at 7:06am PST
Me and the Doc @mojgandds ran into Bill and Hillary at Rao's NYC #upnyc A post shared by FAT JOE (@fatjoe) on Dec 13, 2016 at 8:00pm PST
A post shared by Laura Brown (@laurabrown99) on Dec 14, 2016 at 7:51pm PST
"The #Ravens have terminated RB Ray Rice's contract this afternoon." With that one Tweet, the Baltimore Ravens cut their franchise running back. In an even bolder move, the National Football League followed with an announcement that Rice has been indefinitely suspended from playing for any NFL team.
This came within twelve hours of TMZ publishing a video depicting Rice beating his now wife, Janay Palmer, at the Revel Hotel and Casino in Atlantic City on February 15. Rice had previously been suspended by the NFL for two regular season games based on the incident, which was already widely publicized. However, the video of that disgusting event had not been disseminated until today, and the public outcry left the Ravens with little choice but to wipe their hands of the running back altogether.
While the Ravens likely had no real option other than to remove Rice from the team, Rice and his representatives may fight the suspension by the NFL. Going into the 2014 NFL season, Rice had $10 million remaining on his 5-year, $35 million contract with the Ravens. After the two-game suspension initially levied by NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell, Rice was due to earn roughly $9.53 million through 2016 (the last year of his contract). While none of that remaining money was guaranteed to the running back, he could seek to show that the Ravens wrongfully terminated his contract in an effort to recoup some of the monies he would have likely otherwise received. A better argument may be made against the NFL for voiding its prior two-game suspension in favor of a much harsher indefinite suspension from participating in the league.
Under Article 43 of the NFL Collective Bargaining Agreement, Rice could file a grievance based on the NFL's decision to suspend him indefinitely from participating for any NFL team. The NFL Players Association also has the right to initiate an action on Rice's behalf. The main issue would be whether Commissioner Goodell properly exercised his powers under Article 46 of the NFL CBA. Section 4 of that Article is extremely relevant to the disciplinary action against Rice.
"Section 4. One Penalty: The Commissioner and a Club will not both discipline a player for the same act or conduct. The Commissioner's disciplinary action will preclude or supersede disciplinary action by any Club for the same act or conduct."
The second sentence of the aforementioned section is quite clear -- Commissioner Goodell's indefinite suspension of Rice should supersede the Ravens' release of Rice from his contract. However, why even include the preceding sentence in the section unless it is to be given any weight? If it is deemed that the Ravens' release of Rice is considered "discipline," then it is quite clears that both the Commissioner and the Ravens have now both disciplined Rice for the same act and/or conduct, in direct violation of Article 46, Section 4.
Another unanswered question is whether Commissioner Goodell has the power to take disciplinary action against Rice for the same act and/or conduct for a second time. While the concept of double jeopardy (a second prosecution for the same offense after there has been acquittal or conviction -- barred by the Fifth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution) may not apply herein where the parties are governed by a collective bargaining agreement agreed to by a private association and a private league, Rice may be able to put forth a convincing argument that Commissioner Goodell had no right to go from instituting a two-game suspension to an indefinite suspension of the running back. The facts surrounding the act and conduct have not changed. The only development is the existence of video, which the NFL claims it never before had in its possession. Does the dissemination of this new evidence warrant such an enhanced penalty? Does it give Commissioner Goodell another bite at the apple from a legal standpoint?
Do not expect Ray Rice to announce his intention to appeal the discipline handed down by the NFL at any point today. In fact, it may take some time before Rice makes such a determination. However, if one thing is clear it is that the NFL may not have clear justification for its latest harsh punishment against Rice. If Rice does not file a grievance, will the NFLPA take what may be an unpopular position and stick its head out in defense of a player who clearly committed a terrible wrong? The union must be at least somewhat concerned that Commissioner Goodell has expanded his role as judge, jury and executioner. If the indefinite suspension holds, then what will Commissioner Goodell be able to do from a disciplinary standpoint in the future?
Darren Heitner is a lawyer and the Founder of South Florida-based HEITNER LEGAL, P.L.L.C., which has a focus on Sports Law and Entertainment Law and has experience serving as legal counsel in NFLPA-related disputes.
Follow @DarrenHeitner
On September 8, the state put out to bid a corridor study for Mount Auburn Street. This is the next step towards improving the permanent traffic snarl at the intersection of Mount Auburn Street and Fresh Pond Parkway. Reducing the long delays at this intersection is the biggest single thing we can do to improve bus service to Belmont and Watertown and it will help drivers as well.
The study scope includes all the signals along Mount Auburn Street from the Watertown line to Mount Auburn hospital and all the signals along Fresh Pond Parkway from Huron Avenue to the Eliot Bridge in Cambridge. The state Department of Conservation and Recreation is responsible for the maintenance of Fresh Pond Parkway and the river intersections and will be the lead agency in the study, but the study is a collaboration among the communities of Belmont, Watertown and Cambridge and several state agencies, including the MBTA.
The study goals are “to improve the safety, comfort and operations of all modes of transportation that use the areas included in the study.” Particular priorities within those broad goals include improving service on the 71 and 73 buses and making the wide main intersection safer for cyclists and pedestrians. The study will assess existing conditions — delays, hazards, etc. — and propose options for short and long term improvement.
The idea for the study goes back to a meeting convened by local legislators 18 months ago in Cambridge. The meeting included engineering representatives from all the communities and agencies involved. It was an exciting meeting because, although some of the engineers had been in place for many years, none of them could remember a conversation about how to address this intersection system. Typically in traffic conversations, appealing ideas get shot down quickly with “we looked at that before and it won't work”. Instead, as the conversation moved around the room, many ideas surfaced that seemed to all merit further study.
The timing was good because a transportation bond bill was moving and local legislators working together — myself, Senator Jehlen, Representative Hecht and Representative Rogers — were able to earmark $500,000 to study the options. The Patrick administration supported the project and made the earmarked funds available to DCR. The Baker administration picked up the ball and developed the formal study scope — consulting with the municipalities and other agencies — and put it out to bid. The retirement of key DCR personnel created some delays, but the new DCR Commissioner, Carol Sanchez, promised to keep the process moving and has been true to her word.
The next steps in the process will be as follows: (1) There will be a pre-bidding conference for prospective bidders on September 23. (2) The bids must be submitted by October 16 at 5PM. (3) DCR will evaluate the bids (based not only on price but also qualifications, experience of the bid team and overall quality of the proposal) and award the contract near the end of October. (4) The study will begin in mid November and there will be kickoff meeting with key stakeholders. (5) It is expected that the study will take one to two years.
Representatives Hecht and Rogers and Senators Jehlen and I are committed to assuring that the study is conducted in a transparent way and brought to a useful conclusion and also that the Commonwealth moves forward to take action on the positive recommendations of the study.
The formal study process won't start for a couple of months. But it's not too early to start brainstorming in this space — your comments much appreciated.
He survived the streets to co-invent gangsta rap, faced down a president or two angry at his song Cop Killer and dropped some of the dopest slang in rap history. But now rapper/actor Ice T says he has met his match: trying to nail geek-speak for a Dungeons & Dragons audiobook.
Call it the O.G. versus D&D.
In a hilarious—and very NSFW—new episode of his hit Ice T's Final Level Podcast, Ice describes how he stumbled into the audiobook gig and found his tongue in knots by fantasy slang. Ice T, whose current day job is reading dialogue from his Law & Order: SVU scripts, had no idea he'd be recording a novel based on the classic roleplaying game.
“They didn't tell me this was a motherfuckin' Dungeons & Dragons book,” Ice says, explaining to partner Mick Benzo that D&D is “some of the most crazy, deep, deep nerd shit.”
“Motherfuckers talk like Yoda,” Ice T marvels.
“They were talking about ‘pegasuses' and ‘pegasi.' That's horses with wings,” he continues. “This motherfucker got a sword that talks to him… Motherfuckers live in places that don't exist, and it comes with a map. My God.”
It took Ice three-and-a-half hours to record 25 pages of the book, whose title he does not reveal. But, he added, he will slay the fantasy-lingo dragon and let fans know when the audiobook goes on sale.
“It'll be a treat to watch me, with my South Central-educated ass, trying to read some Dungeons & Dragons shit,” he promises.
An author in his own right—he's penned a couple of memoirs—Ice T is set to drop a new album this year with his metal band Body Count. In his podcast, he makes it clear he's an audiobook fan.
“Considering the way music is right now, you're better off listening to a book,” he opines. “Honestly, it's more entertaining.”
120.4k SHARES Tweet
NEW YORK, NY – A recent study showed that 70% of people actually never read more than the headline of a science article before commenting and sharing. Most simply see a headline they like and click share and make a comment. A recent study showed that 70% of people actually never read more than the headline of a science article before commenting and sharing. Most simply see a headline they like and click share and make a comment.
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nullam consectetur ipsum sit amet sem vestibulum eleifend. Donec sed metus nisi. Quisque ultricies nulla a risus facilisis vestibulum. Ut luctus feugiat nisi, eget molestie magna faucibus vitae. Morbi luctus orci eget semper fringilla. Proin vestibulum neque a ultrices aliquet. Fusce imperdiet purus in euismod accumsan. Suspendisse potenti. Nullam efficitur feugiat nibh, at pellentesque mauris. Suspendisse potenti. Maecenas efficitur urna velit, ut gravida enim vestibulum eu. Nullam suscipit finibus tellus convallis lacinia. Aenean ex nunc, posuere sit amet mauris ac, venenatis efficitur nulla. Nam auctor eros eu libero rutrum, ac tristique nunc tincidunt. Mauris eu turpis rutrum mi scelerisque volutpat.
Aliquam feugiat enim eget neque cursus viverra. Maecenas nec quam pretium, feugiat nisi sed, finibus justo. Aliquam erat volutpat. Duis a molestie leo, ut volutpat nisl. Aenean sed tristique magna, maximus convallis elit. Pellentesque vel tellus arcu. Nulla tincidunt aliquet dolor. Cras fringilla arcu enim, a ornare dui accumsan a. Nam iaculis cursus magna, in tincidunt diam convallis id. Duis vitae elementum mauris, id feugiat nulla.
Vestibulum vitae odio nec sapien consectetur eleifend at nec risus. Mauris nisi nunc, convallis non ornare sit amet, dapibus in nisl. Etiam a metus a sem condimentum mattis. Aenean lacinia ultricies nunc, in convallis felis interdum id. Nulla non ultricies augue. Cras pretium arcu magna, eu cursus tellus varius nec. Nam egestas maximus nunc et dictum. Proin et dictum purus. Vivamus pellentesque sem nunc, nec maximus metus congue nec. Vestibulum pharetra enim at euismod auctor. Pellentesque ac vulputate felis.
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured, along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer. 2013 March 1
Explanation: The colors of the solar system's innermost planet are enhanced in this tantalizing view, based on global image data from the Mercury-orbiting MESSENGER spacecraft. Human eyes would not discern the clear color differences but they are real nonetheless, indicating distinct chemical, mineralogical, and physical regions across the cratered surface. Notable at the upper right, Mercury's large, circular, tan colored feature known as the Caloris basin was created by an impacting comet or asteroid during the solar system's early years. The ancient basin was subsequently flooded with lava from volcanic activity, analogous to the formation of the lunar maria. Color contrasts also make the light blue and white young crater rays, material blasted out by recent impacts, easy to follow as they extend across a darker blue, low reflectance terrain.
Omar Khadr is hoping an Edmonton judge will ease his bail conditions, and in particular, grant him unsupervised visits with his sister.
READ MORE: PCO confirms investigation into Omar Khadr leak
Khadr was expected to make his case in court Thursday, but the hearing is now delayed until Sept. 15.
The former child soldier, who is on bail pending the appeal of his conviction by a U.S. military commission for five purported war crimes, currently has restricted visitation rights with Zaynab Khadr.
He must have written approval from his bail supervisor, and have an additional lawyer or supervisor present while meeting with her.
WATCH: Trudeau asked if criticism over Khadr settlement in U.S. media could impact NAFTA talks
Toronto-based lawyer, Warda Shazadi Meighen, who is not involved in the case, explains that the restricted access to Zaynab is largely because of her controversial history.
“His legal team is really going to have to convince the judge that [the meetings] are not a threat to public safety,” Meighen said.
Who is Zaynab Khadr?
Zaynab is 37 years old and lives in Sudan with her husband and four children, according to court documents filed by Khadr in August.
“I would like to communicate with my sister and her family online,” the affidavit reads.
“As far as I am aware, Zaynab is not involved in any criminal activities and is frequently in contact with the Canadian Embassy in order to ensure that her paperwork is up to date.”
The court documents note that Zaynab has moved around to several countries, and recently was detained in Turkey over visa issues. She and her husband lived in Malaysia for some time after that.
In his statement, Khadr added his sister is planning on visiting Canada soon and he would like to visit her.
WATCH: Conservative leader Andrew Scheer continues to take aim at Liberals over Omar Khadr payout
Why is she so controversial?
Zaynab has been the source of headlines several times over the years.
Zaynab and her mother infuriated many Canadians by expressing support for the al-Qaida terrorist group. And according to CBC News, in 1999, Osama Bin Laden attended her wedding.
In 2005, Zaynab was investigated by RCMP for allegedly aiding al-Qaida, but no charges were filed.
Does Khadr have a case for seeing his sister?
In order to prove that Khadr should be able to meet unsupervised with his sister, he has to show the judge he is a “truly independent and stable adult,” Meighen says.
It's something that the Edmonton resident highlighted in his affidavit.
READ MORE: Here's why Omar Khadr is getting $10M from the Canadian government
“I am now an adult and I think independently,” the court document reads. “Even if the members of my family were to wish to influence my religious or other views, they would not be able to control or influence me in any negative manner.”
The fact that Khadr has not broken any bail conditions will work in his favour, Meighen notes.
WATCH: Trudeau remains firm that paying out Omar Khadr the better option
Ultimately, the lawyer adds, it comes down to whether the judge thinks there is a risk to public safety if he meets with Zaynab.
“It's not an all-or-nothing scenario,” Meighen says, explaining that the lawyers and judge may be able to come up with a “half-way solution” that gives Khadr slightly more freedom, but not complete independence while visiting his sister.
What other changes does Khadr want to his bail settlement?
Khadr is also seeking unrestricted internet access and more freedom to move around Canada while on bail.
Meighen notes the considerations about internet access will be similar to unfettered access to his sister, and it will come down to public safety.
— With files from The Canadian Press
'Man Commit Suicide' [Shutterstock]
A Michigan man killed himself in the course of telling his girlfriend how safe his three handguns were, the Oakland Free Press reported on Monday.
Authorities said the unidentified 36-year-old victim placed two of the handguns to his head and fired to demonstrate that they were safe while unloaded, before fatally shooting himself with the third firearm. The victim's girlfriend, with whom he shared a residence in Independence Township, told authorities he had been drinking before the incident.
The Oakland County Medical Examiner ruled the death a suicide. The victim's blood-alcohol level had not been established as of Monday afternoon.
“I have never heard of anyone testing out the safety of a gun by pointing at their head an pulling the trigger,” Oakland County Undersheriff Michael McCabe was quoted as saying.
Despite the woman's attempts to revive him using CPR, the victim was pronounced dead at the scene. Three children unrelated to the victim, ranging from 7 to 12 years old, were also in the home but did not witness the shooting.
[Image: “Man Commit Suicide” via Shutterstock]
A local rapper known as Bricc Baby was arrested in Marina del Rey under suspicion of executing an armed robbery. The man's family insists he did not rob anyone. Beverly White reports for the NBC4 News at 11 on Thursday, Sept. 21, 2017. (Published Friday, Sept. 22, 2017)
A local rapper was arrested for an alleged armed robbery after he led police on a brief pursuit on Thursday in the Marina del Rey area before exiting his vehicle and running into an apartment building after a nearly six-hour standoff.
The chase began about 1:25 p.m. when an air unit spotted the suspect's SUV in the area of Mindanao Way and Lincoln Boulevard, according to the Los Angeles Police Department.
The suspect, identified as 29-year-old rapper Bricc Baby, made his way onto the Marina (90) Freeway into the Culver City area before circling back and bailing out of the vehicle in the 13900 block of Panay Way. He ran into an apartment complex and police established a perimeter as they searched for him.
With a SWAT team and police dogs poised to enter the building about 7:15 p.m., the suspect surrendered without further incident.
The man's family insisted he did not execute the robbery.
"I came to make sure they didn't kill another black, young man," his mother said. "He didn't rob anybody. He doesn't have a gun."
His mother said a friend of the man robbed several items from a store they were in and that his son entered the same vehicle as his friend as a result of increased adrenaline.
Police defended the large response received for the standoff, which involved dozens of officers and several K-9 units.
"The face that we have such a large apartment building and area to search - we need extra assets to keep the public and officers safe," Captain Jay Roberts for the Los Angeles Police Department Pacific Patrol said.
Copyright City News Service
The Great Firewall of China known for censoring/blocking websites in the country was under DDoS attack which caused a blockage of Reuters' news website in China on Friday.
The content of the website was blocked and could not be accessed later on Thursday. Both the English and Chinese version were inaccessible but the Chinese clients could still see financial news and data feeds as reported by the news item by the blockage.
Websites such as Bloomberg, The New York Times and The Wall Street journal are blocked by the Great Firewall and hence an average Chinese user cannot see them online.
“Reuters is committed to practicing fair and accurate journalism worldwide. We recognize the great importance of news about China to all our customers, and we hope that our sites will be restored in China soon,” according to the news agency.
MUST READ: China' censorship system upgrade blocks VPN services, causes weird traffic spikes
An Internet user, preferred to be called by the name Xiao Biao usually evades the censorship of the Chinese web in order to browse overseas sites said that he was not able to load the new Reuters site along with a couple of other media websites on Friday.
The greatest fear of the Chinese Communist Party is the consequences that will occur if the people all over the country access a number of different opinions.
The user told that page keeps on refreshing but does not load thus preventing any information to be seen on the Chinese version of the Reuters news website.
MUST READ: List of Eight Popular websites That are Banned in China
Although he mentioned that he was able to load the Wall Street Journal Chinese-language website.
Threatened by media reports
The government is afraid if any of the media reports gets out of the control of the state, says Xiao Biao.
He also said that the government in pursuit of ruling over attempted to shut off various voices thus keeping the population of the country ignorant of the news and opinions held outside of China.
Shi, a Shanghai-based netizen said she was forced to give up on accessing international news websites. She gave an example by saying that whenever she tries to open up the CNN website, the page takes hours to loose causing me to lose my patience.
Also, she told that the videos on CNN keep buffering most of the time and so she has given up visiting the website.
A Guangdong-based netizen Jia Pin told that if Chinese users want to have access to overseas news websites, they should set up circumvention tools on their computers. He said the users must go over the Great Firewall in order to view these kinds of websites.
Denial-of-service attack
The Reuters' sites were blocked a day after GreatFire.org – an anti-censorship website that is based overseas – announce that it has been attacked severely by a distributed denial-of-service attack.
On Thursday, the group said on a blog that to perform such an attack, the website has to be flooded with a huge number of requests which causes web pages to crash.
It also said that the attack is brutal and shows censorship by harsh force. Also, the attack caused its bills to be sent with the service provider Amazon that summed up to about $30,000 per day.
The attack was made on March 17 right after the Chinese government showed their irritation over what the group was doing and labelled the site as an “anti-China website set up by an overseas anti-China organization.”
It said that website has allowed the Chinese users to access many blocked websites by using a mirror-website technique.
Hu Jia, a Beijing-based right activist who also uses circumvention techniques said that the user find a way to evade the Great Firewall faster than the government comes up with more ways on blocking the websites.
Hu said that the bad guys get an upgrade and then the good follow suit thus causing a process of pursuit like a cat chasing a mouse.
He said it is not known as to what techniques have been used to make the Reuters site inaccessible.
Hu said that the blockage is perhaps a reaction to what the site was reporting. He added that it does not imply that the Great Firewall has been upgraded or that other circumvention techniques will not able to overcome the blockade.
Accusations of cyberattacks
Frequently, USA and China have traded allegations of cyberattacks. Particularly, China denies the claim placed by the USA over the People's Liberation Army (PLA) cyberspace unit in Shanghai for causing a series of cyber-attacks on the U.S corporate networks in the past few years.
Also, on Friday, China's defense ministry refuted the allegations placed against them in London's Financial Times for attacking Register.com through a confidential unit of PLA, 61398.
The ministry faxed to Reuters saying that the criticism over China's military that it is involved in hacking the internet has no ground and evidence.
The ministry also said that China has stood strong against such allegations and has been dealing with such matters according to the Internet hacking law along with other criminal activities. Moreover, the Chinese military has never indulged itself in any activity that is aimed at stealing commercial secrets on the web.
MUST READ: China admits cyber warfare unit in People's Liberation Army
On the other hand, official media reported that in 2014 alone, China recorded around 4761 IP addresses based in the United States that were involved in taking control of 5580 Chinese-based computers through background programs causing these computers to be controlled with remote access.
The U.S was called upon by the defense ministry of China to give a fair explanation of these findings.
Featured Image via: expresso.pt | Follow @HackRead
Naturally, football fans are normally on the lookout for transfer rumours affiliated with their respective clubs. This is inevitable, as one's priority will always be to see how your team is evolving during the transfer window, which can give a good indication of your aspirations for the upcoming season.
However, there are plenty of potential deals lingering about which seem to have no links with the club, yet could have huge implications for the success of a completely different transfer.
To avoid any confusion, let me give you an example which could certainly excite Newcastle fans. A few weeks ago, PSG made a €46m bid for AC Milan's Thiago Silva. Despite it being rejected, it has made it clear that the French giants are after a new centre back.
With that in mind, let's switch our attention to Mamadou Sakho, who seems to no longer have a future in Paris because of PSG's exploits in the transfer market. At the tail end of the season, the 22 year old found himself sitting on the bench, an often clear indicator that the player is no longer deemed indispensable by the club. In fact, the defender has publicly announced that he wants to jump ship and leave the Ligue 1 runners-up.
So, do we have a chance of signing Mamadou Sakho? Well, what we have on our side is an established group of French players within our squad. The likes of Cabaye, Ben Arfa and Abeid would certainly allow Sakho to feel at home upon arrival at St. James' Park.
I'm sure other top clubs will be after him, but players should recognise the speed at which the club is returning to the top of the Premier League. Surely there are top notch players out there who want to be a part of this project?
PSG's demands shouldn't be too high due to their willingness to offload Sakho and the unlimited amount of money at their disposal. Sakho is certainly a player we could do with given the defence wearing thin at crucial parts of last season's push for a European place. It remains to be seen whether we can put up a good fight for one of Europe's most promising defenders.
Please Comment
Advertisements
For the second time in less than two months, a Vermont ski resort is being acquired by a buyer from out west, and Stratton Mountain Resort will soon come under an ownership group headed by Aspen Skiing Company.
Stowe Mountain Resort announced in February that it's being purchased by Vail. On Monday, Aspen Skiing Company planted its flag in the Vermont ski market.
Aspen and a private equity firm called KSL Partners will buy Stratton Mountain Resort's parent company, Intrawest, for $1.5 billion. The deal includes other resorts owned by Intrawest, including Mont Tremblant in Quebec and Steamboat in Colorado.
“Well, if you look at the ski industry over the last 10 years or so, consolidation is happening more and more,” says Jeff Hanle, director of public relations at Aspen Skiing Company.
Hanle says Aspen didn't purchase the Intrawest properties, Stratton among them, because it though the resorts “needed change, or we wanted them to change.” He says employees at Stratton Mountain, and the skiers they cater to, won't see any perceptible changes as a result of the ownership transition.
“And our plan is to keep the people in place that are making these places so great right now, and that have the relationships with the local community and local skiers and let them continue to thrive, and offer our support where we can,” Hanle says.
"[O]ur plan is to keep the people in place that are making these places so great right now, and that have the relationships with the local community and local skiers and let them continue to thrive." Jeff Hanle, director of public relations at Aspen Skiing Company
Parker Riehle, the president of the Vermont Ski Areas Association, says the change in ownership is a positive development for the Vermont ski industry. As was the case when Vail purchased Stowe, Riehle says, Stratton will benefit by coming under ownership of a “world-class ski area operator.”
“And [Aspen brings] to the table capital investment and marketplace brand presence that can only be a win-win by further elevating Stratton and the Vermont ski industry,” Riehle says.
Riehle says there are good business reasons for ski corporations out west to establish a presence in Vermont. Between New York City, Boston and other urban hubs in the northeast, Riehle says there are 45 million potential customers within a four-hour drive of Vermont resorts.
“I think they see that real potential for growing their skier visits across the country with the key marketplace that we have here in Vermont,” Riehle says.
"I think they see that real potential for growing their skier visits across the country with the key marketplace that we have here in Vermont." — Parker Riehle, Vermont Ski Areas Association president
Rep. Oliver Olsen represents the House district that includes Stratton Mountain. Olsen says the resort is the economic anchor in the region, and not only because of its status as a large employer.
“A lot of small businesses are really centered around the second homeowner market, providing property management services, caretaking,” Olsen says.
Olsen says KSL Partners, the private equity firm partnering with Aspen in the deal, is run by two former executives at Vail.
“A combination of a well-respected operator on one end with some significant capital investment by a private equity firm run by folks with a lot of ski industry experience I think bodes really well,” Olsen says.
The deal is subject to regulatory approval. Intrawest says it expects to close the deal by the third quarter of this year.
Updated 4:15 p.m. 4/10/2017 to include further reporting.
1||On Wednesday, Mexican authorities in Tijuana incinerated 134 tons of marijuana — from what they said was the largest pot bust in the county's history. || Staff/Newscom&&
2||The New York Times reports that it will take two days to burn it all. ||Newscom/Zuma&&
3||The Los Angeles Times reports that, “At 4:40 p.m., an army general pushed a button, triggering an electrical charge that detonated gunpowder beneath the pile.” || Staff/Newscom&&
4||A drum and bugle corps played during the ceremony, according to the Los Angeles Times. ||Newscom/Zuma&&
5||The New York Times reports that the burned marijuana was the equivalent of a few hundred million joints, and the column of smoke was visible for several miles.|| Staff/Newscom&&
6||According to The Los Angeles Times, the drugs were discovered “after police intercepted a convoy of vehicles escorting a tractor-trailer” that had left a warehouse. Eleven people were reportedly arrested after a shootout with police and soldiers, and then, acting on information from the suspects, officials raided a warehouse and two homes. || Staff/Newscom&&
7|| A photograph of the marijuana, pre-burning. ||Newscom/Zuma&&
8||”There are indications that suggest that it belongs to the organization of the Pacific,” said Alejandro Poire, security spokesman for Mexican President Felipe Calderon, referring to the Sinaloa, or Pacific, cartel.||Newscom/Zuma&&
9||||Newscom/Zuma&&
10|| || Staff/Newscom&&
11|| || Staff/Newscom&&
12|| ||Newscom/Zuma&&
13|| || Staff/Newscom&&
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Following the release of the free Power of Shadow downloadable content pack, Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor developer Monolith revealed the first full expansion for its game: called Lord of the Hunt.
Due out later this year, and part of the game's $25 season pass, Lord of the Hunt introduces the new Beastmaster Warchief into the game. From a press release, "Talion will join Torvin the Dwarven Hunter and use his powers of Domination to turn these menacing new beasts against the Warchiefs, proving that Mordor cannot be tamed."
According to the press release, the expansion will bring "hours of new gameplay" and will introduce:
New Story & Lore -- Discover more tales from Torvin, the Dwarven Hunter, as you work together to tame the beasts of Mordor and fight Sauron's minions.
New Missions & Challenges -- New Beast Hunting challenges and collectibles open up new trophies and achievements.
New Nemeses -- Face off against the Beastmaster Warchiefs, powerful new Uruks who have the ability to ride monsters and engage in perilous mounted combat.
New Monsters -- Ride into battle on the Wretched Graug to vomit toxin at your foes, stalk your enemies on the predatory Caragath and attack from the shadows or raise an all-consuming Ghul Horde.
New Epic Runes -- Make your Mount unstoppable with five new epic Runes that make you the ultimate hunter.
Test of the Wild -- Test your skills against the Beastmasters and mount your trophies on the leaderboard.
New Character Skin -- Lord of the Hunt skin transform Talion into the ultimate Beastmaster.
While that gives us an overview, representatives from Monolith also answered a few of our questions about the DLC below.
GameSpot: How much freedom do you have to add content within the Nemesis system? If we've already dominated all the Warchiefs in Mordor, how are the new Beastmaster Warchiefs seeded into the hierarchy?
Monolith: The Lord of the Hunt has an entirely new and separate Hierarchy, and the Warchiefs have new abilities including riding the Caragaths and Wretched Graugs, that make them a fresh challenge.
How do mounted Warchiefs have their weakness, fear, and strength statistics allocated? Are entirely new stats created for them?
When you are mounted, you need to dismount them at the first stage of the fight. They are not all focused on mounted combat, some of them specialize in killing your mounts.
Does Talion's entire move set find some form of effectiveness against mounted Warchiefs? (It would probably be really awkward to Shadow Strike a Warchief on top of a moving Graug.)
You're right, you can't Shadow Strike him while he's mounted. What's fun is not only facing the mounted Warchiefs, but using the new beast abilities against them, whether it's stalking them like a panther on the Caragath, projectile vomiting on them from the back of the Wretched Graug, or turning their Ghul army against them.
How different are these new monsters, functionally? Are they more than just re-skins with new abilities?
They are certainly more than reskins, they are new models with new skins and new abilities and they offer new gameplay. The Wretched Graug with the ability to projectile vomit is basically a tank, and the Caragath gives you mounted stealth allowing you to stalk and hunt your prey while riding.
Do you see the game's environment and the Nemesis system existing as something of a standalone platform to allow for future content to slot into it?
Currently we're focusing on two main standalone DLCs: the Lord of the Hunt which adds the Beasts into the mix and The Bright Lord which lets you battle Sauron at the height of his military power in the Second Age.
What do you think? Is this enough content to bring you into the game if you've already finished exploring Mordor? Let us know in the comments below.
Lol. Professional gay hater wants coalition with environmentalists-while rejecting global warming!
Scott Lively, gay hating pastor and exporter of homophobia to Africa, is lecturing on politics to his religious right cronies.
This is Lively's vision of a future coalition in which the religious right would dominate:
Why will ethnic minorities join us in the first place, before we've been able to prove ourselves champions of true social justice? We will make a simple appeal to the thing we most share in common. “Our Bond Is Family!” There's our pitch and strategy in bumper-sticker simplicity. The typical African American or Hispanic person is generally more Christian and pro-family than the average American… We should reach out to moderate and conservative-leaning environmentalists as well. Environmentalism is another movement we should rescue from the Marxists and rebuild on a Christian foundation. Our responsibility to be good stewards of the earth is a central tenet of Christianity, and we are certainly much more capable of fulfilling this duty in a balanced manner than the Marxists are. (Not to mention that we would do the world a great service to steer at least some portion of this powerful movement away from power-grabbing globalist goals such as Agenda 21 and “global warming” and toward authentic environmental needs.)(!)[Quotation marks his.]
My nonexistent god, why did you create such stupid critters? He wants to “rescue” the environmental movement by making it ignore the biggest environmental challenge of our time? Is Mr Lively moonlighting as a comedian?
Regardless of what self respecting not-nutcase would want anything to have to do with as nasty a character as Lively, I have an “inconvenient truth” to share with him:
Minority views on equal rights for gays have shifted, just as they have shifted for the rest of the society. (For which, undoubtedly, some credit should go to President Obama.) As much as he is thinking that minorities will be flocking to him upon being told that he is a homophobe, this is likely going to be as silly a prediction as his “rescue” of the environmentalist movement.
Oh, and he is going to run for governor of Massachusetts. Yes, the first state ever to legalize gay marriage. That Massachusetts.
Sweet dreams, Scott!
At the 2016 EICMA show, Ducati ended the wait for a modern scrambler that was something more than a styling element. That's right, the Scrambler Desert Sled is finally here. And like the bikes that it's inspired by, this Scrambler promises to actually let you have a little fun off-road, without all the clanking. CLICK HERE FOR THE REST OF OUR EICMA 2016 COVERAGE To accomplish this, Ducati has redesigned the swingarm of the Scrambler, and mounted it in a way that takes stress off of the cases when the bike is properly abused out in the desert, or jumped. It's also added much-needed suspension travel with beefier fork and shock (7.9 inches total, front and rear), reinforced the tubular frame, replaced the taller Scrambler Icon bars with a motocross-style bar, and gave you big footpegs for better bite as you tear through the desert. The 803cc twin-cylinder engine goes unchanged, and switchable ABS is still standard. The wheels, however, are now a 19-inch front and 17-inch rear, with specifically designed Scorpion Rally STR tires.
The 2017 Ducati Scrambler Desert Sled. Jeff Allen
I actually had the chance to talk with the Ducati Scrambler team ahead of the Desert Sled's official unveil, and to throw a leg over the bike in a quick run down El Mirage Lake. And I've got to admit, the bike is exactly what I always wanted the original Scrambler to be; being off-road, it doesn't feel like you're doing something you shouldn't be. There's less clatter, and it tackles ruts, rocks, and two-track with aplomb. I wouldn't have minded a little bit more power, but what's there is delivered in a super user-friendly manner and still allows you to tear down the dirt with ease. The added travel gives you more confidence when the terrain turns technical, and while you still have to watch that big front tire in softer sections, there's an overall willingness to tear through beat up sections of desert. That moto-style bar and big footpegs make it easy to stand up and throw the bike around, too. The Desert Sled isn't a dirt bike, but it's a better homage to the Southern California desert racing scene that birthed this entire category and something more than a street bike with some off-road-esque styling elements.
The 2017 Ducati Scrambler Desert Sled. Jeff Allen
Ducati says it's, what they consider, the second new Scrambler. Something other than a Scrambler Icon with different plastics and bolt-on pieces. It also says this is something it knew they wanted to build since it launched the Icon back in 2014 and realized it wasn't as dirt-oriented as it needed to be. Personally, I'm a little bummed that it has taken this long for a true scrambler to hit the market. But I'm glad the Desert Sled is here, and hope that it inspires more manufacturers to give their “scramblers” a little more dirt cred. I think these types of bikes take motorcycling back to what it's all about; freedom, and blasting off into the unknown on something that can take a little abuse and won't leave you stranded five miles into a technical section of trail. The Scrambler Desert sled is available in two colors, Red Dusk and White Mirage, and will start at $11,395 (add $200 for the White Mirage paint) Scroll down for more photos of the Scrambler Desert Sled:
2017 Ducati Scrambler Desert Sled Jeff Allen
2017 Ducati Scrambler Desert Sled Jeff Allen
2017 Ducati Scrambler Desert Sled Jeff Allen
2017 Ducati Scrambler Desert Sled Jeff Allen
2017 Ducati Scrambler Desert Sled Jeff Allen
2017 Ducati Scrambler Desert Sled Jeff Allen
2017 Ducati Scrambler Desert Sled Jeff Allen
2017 Ducati Scrambler Desert Sled Jeff Allen
2017 Ducati Scrambler Desert Sled Jeff Allen
2017 Ducati Scrambler Desert Sled Jeff Allen
Scroll down for more photos, live from the EICMA floor:
2017 Ducati Scrambler Desert Sled Jeff Allen
2017 Ducati Scrambler Desert Sled Jeff Allen
2017 Ducati Scrambler Desert Sled Jeff Allen
2017 Ducati Scrambler Desert Sled Jeff Allen
2017 Ducati Scrambler Desert Sled Jeff Allen
2017 Ducati Scrambler Desert Sled Jeff Allen
2017 Ducati Scrambler Desert Sled Jeff Allen
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A 19-year-old has been arrested for threatening online to slaughter a group of LGBT people at a Pride event using a machete.
On Facebook, the teenager wrote a number of threats directed at a group of LGBT people who were set to hold a Pride event at the New Empire pub in Barrow in Furness, Cumbria.
The message allegedly read that the teenager planned to use a machete to attack people at the event which took place yesterday evening (Friday June 23).
Superintendent Mark Pannone thanked “everyone for their assistance and vigilance” at the event which went ahead after the teen was arrested.
“Cumbria Police's top priority is always to keep people safe.
“There is now no threat to anyone or any specific group in the south Cumbria area,” Pannone added.
The manager of the pub told PinkNews that they “debated” whether they should close the pub, but “decided we wouldn't let it beat us.”
“We asked customers in the pub if they wanted to stay or leave but they all said no. We felt safe as armed police were parked outside. We had loads of phone calls & messages of support but obviously, some people stayed away.
“we are very proud to support the LGBT community and will not be deterred by any of this,” they added.
In a statement posted by the pub on Facebook, the manager wrote that they would not close and hoped that the Pride celebrations could go on.
“I am not planning on closing I would not feel right. I would prefer to make no money and stay put than close and make no money,” he wrote.
The pub thanked everybody for the messages of support and added that they would “not be beaten by terror threats”.
The statement read: “Thanks also to the police for making sure everyone was safe! We had a fantastic night and appreciate all the messages of support.
“We will be holding another LGBT Pride night in four weeks time and hope people join us for that (open to all).”
The Pride event is an important one for the New Empire as they put a lot of effort into providing a good evening and fundraising for the George House Trust, they explained.
Regular clients of the pub congratulated the staff and management for staying strong during the ordeal.
“Good on you for carrying on with the night and hosting events like this for the LGBT community,” one person wrote.
“I applaud you for going ahead with last night, you need a great big pat on the back for carrying on, I realy [sic] hope everyone gets behind you to keep your place going, becouse [sic] I know you have put so much of yourself and money into this venture,” another added.
TONY JONES, PRESENTER: Our top story is about the Government's frustrations with a mercurial and fractious new Senate where a balance of power by crossbench dominated by the Clive Palmer team is grabbing every chance to exercise influence. Liberal Democratic Senator David Leyonhjelm is not a Palmer senator, but he too is a libertarian on both economic and social issues and he's making his mark after just a week in the Senate and he joins us now in our Parliament House studio.
Thanks for being there.
DAVID LEYONHJELM, LIBERAL DEMOCRATIC PARTY SENATOR: Thank you.
TONY JONES: Do you think this new Senate's going to settle down or is it going to be in permanent conflict with the Government?
DAVID LEYONHJELM: That's a good question. I don't know yet. It's early days. I hope it settles down. I don't like the way it's going at the moment. But I'm finding it hard to figure out what the purpose of some of this obstruction is all about.
TONY JONES: Yeah. I mean, how do you - why do you think it's actually going like it's going? I mean, do you simply blame, for example, the PUP senators or do you accept some of the blame yourself or is it the Government's failure to negotiate properly? What's going on?
DAVID LEYONHJELM: It's the negotiating style, if I can put it that way, of the Palmer United Party, particularly Clive Palmer. I don't think the PUP senators themselves are leading the charge. I'm pretty sure it's Clive Palmer himself who's leading the charge. And he seems to be happy to cause the Government maximum amount of disruption. It's not a policy - it doesn't seem to be a policy-based position other than relatively populist. He's ...
TONY JONES: Sorry to interrupt you there, but do you sense it has another purpose? I mean, do you think he's aiming for a political outcome, a double-dissolution election, for example?
DAVID LEYONHJELM: No, I don't think so. Although, if there was a double dissolution, I'm pretty sure Palmer United Party would increase its representation in a Senate, so perhaps he thinks he has nothing to lose. In policy terms, there's no real consistency about it. It's - he's against any of the expenditure cuts, but he's against taxation increases as well. They seemed not to understand that there is a fiscal imbalance that seems to be sorted out. And you could be forgiven for thinking that they are joining the Opposition and the Greens in terms of frustrating the Government's intentions and only occasionally throwing them a little bit of concession for whatever reason.
TONY JONES: One of the interesting things about the crossbenchers is that generally speaking they're not from the political class. The major parties draw their senators from, the people who've come through the ranks have come up and become senators after some sort of deal has been struck with powerbrokers. These ordinary folk, are they more reflective of the real society, and is that the problem, in a way, or one of the problems the Government's facing?
DAVID LEYONHJELM: No, it's not. I don't think there's anything wrong with the backgrounds of the people. Their understanding is fine. But there is this frustrating reluctance to engage and be consistent, be predictable, base their policies on - or base their votes, if you like, on a consistent position. Changing of their position. You saw this with the carbon tax. What the Government thought was a negotiated position to allow their repeal bill to go through got changed at least twice more. And it was getting to the point where Senator Day and I thought it was getting alarming and it was going to be more expensive to remove than to leave it in place. So we created some pushback of our own, and that helped a bit, but still, it is a very frustrating situation to be in.
TONY JONES: Yeah, is it going to be more of an ordeal than you imagined to actually do this job?
DAVID LEYONHJELM: This week is going to be a serious ordeal. We are going to sit tomorrow, Thursday, from 9.30 to 11 pm, and then we're probably going to sit the same hours on Friday, and if necessary, Saturday, and if necessary, Sunday, until we deal with the Government's agenda. And the agenda is negotiated with the Opposition. It was - there was a procedural motion put through that would - that allowed the Senate to continue to sit until a list of bills was dealt with.
TONY JONES: I appreciate this must be a little hard to understand for a newbie, as it were, and indeed, for the public watching it, it's extremely hard to understand. I mean, do you ever take aside your fellow crossbenchers and say, "Hey, why are you making it so difficult for us to actually do this?"
DAVID LEYONHJELM: I have. Yes, I have done that and - I mean, Senators Xenophon and Madigan are fine. I mean, I understand their position. Senator Day is fine. It's just the Palmer - Palmer people and Ricky Muir who I'm finding very hard to follow their position. We have all the difficulties of understanding the procedural stuff that goes on with amendments and committees and amendments to amendments and all that kind of stuff that's going. That's quite a lot of to take in and it really is quite complex. I'm discovering in fact that the backbenchers of both Liberal and Labor parties, they themselves struggle to stay up with procedure. They don't have whips or anything like that to tell them where to go and how to vote. So it is very hard for us and there are times when I'm sure some of the eight of us might have voted the wrong way by mistake. It's a difficult situation.
TONY JONES: Now, everyone, however, seems to be joining together in little groupings to take a bite out of the Budget and you were responsible for doing this yourself with Senator Bob Day to stop the Government cutting income tax breaks that were meant to be repealed along with the carbon tax. Now, were you at all concerned when you did that, that you were also blowing, in fact in this case, a $2 billion hole in Joe Hockey's Budget?
DAVID LEYONHJELM: Well I thought - my feeling was that there were plenty of expenditure cuts to come and that what we did was block an increase in taxes which amounted to about $1.5 billion over the forward estimates. There are lots of expenditure cuts to come. The Liberal Democrats, my party, think there's plenty of room for expenditure cuts, particularly in middle class welfare, so we thought it was fine. A little tax cut versus lots of expenditure cuts was legitimate. So, I didn't anticipate that all the expenditure cuts would be under threat.
TONY JONES: Yeah. Would you have thought differently about what you'd done if you knew that?
DAVID LEYONHJELM: I don't know. This is my first time at being a senator; I'm not too sure.
TONY JONES: (Laughs) Now, look, un your maiden speech you said, "As my family never had much money, I used to think that spreading other people's money around was a good way to make life fairer." Did you change your mind on that and what made you - I know you changed your mind, so what made you change your mind?
DAVID LEYONHJELM: Yes. Well - I mean, I worked on - I've argued that if you're not a socialist when you're 20, you haven't got a heart, but if you're still a socialist at 40, you haven't got a brain. So by that principle, I must have a heart and a brain. But what changed me was in fact travelling to socialist countries and particularly Africa when I was in my 20s and I saw the misery that occurred in countries that were claiming to be socialist and I thought, "This doesn't compute." I went to the Soviet Union and other countries behind the Iron Curtain and they were miserable. So I thought, "How can such an attractive philosophy be causing such misery?" And in the end I said, "Well, I have to reconsider this."
TONY JONES: I'd like to go through the detail. We're going to have to do that at another time. But just in general terms, looking at Joe Hockey's frustration at the massive hole that's been blown in his Budget, do you support the idea that he should now slash the Budget, cut the Budget to, let's say Health, Welfare and Education, for example, and do that by a simple decree rather than putting it through the Senate as he appears to be threatening to do?
DAVID LEYONHJELM: I don't know that he can do that. Ultimately, the executive branch, which he represents, is answerable to Parliament. I think he would probably have to put in an amended appropriations bill in order to do that. Perhaps that's possible 'cause Labor tends to not hold up appropriations bills, although if there was a revised one going through, would they still wave it through? I'm not exactly sure what he was referring to there or how he would go about it. If he was talking about individual items, they would presumably require legislation, so they would face the same fate as the ones that are currently in the Senate.
TONY JONES: We'll have to wait and see because no-one's asked him about this exactly yet. Let's turn to the legislation that you do plan to introduce as soon as you can to, as you put it, deregulate marriage. Why is that your first priority?
DAVID LEYONHJELM: Oh, it'll be a few months yet before I introduce the legislation and I think it's time. I think Australia's ready for it. And I also think that coming from a middle-aged, relatively conservative, non-homosexual man saying, "You don't have to approve of gay marriage. All we're asking for is tolerance. All we're saying is: it's not bothering you, it's not going to do you any harm. Other people choose to live their lives differently from you. Respect that." And that's - I would like - I'm a libertarian and I would like Australians to do that in a lot of other areas as well. So, in a way, gay marriage is a bit of an education exercise - understand the difference between approval and tolerance in this instance and perhaps people will get it in other places as well.
TONY JONES: Do you think your some-time partner in the Senate, Bob Day, from Family First, will get that one as well?
DAVID LEYONHJELM: No, he doesn't support me on this issue. No, we agree on economic issues, but that's it.
TONY JONES: Now you've been credited in The Australian today as having politically transformed this issue. Do you believe that's the case?
DAVID LEYONHJELM: Oh - oh, the proof of that will be in whether I achieve it or not. What I want is a conscience vote by both Liberal and Labor Party. Labor Party's pretty much committed to that. The Liberals still have to come to a decision on that. That'll be a matter for their party room. I am hoping that they do. There is still the issue of whether there's a majority, even with a conscience vote.
TONY JONES: Yeah, do you have any - have you done any homework there? Do you have any idea as to whether there would be a majority if there was a conscience vote?
DAVID LEYONHJELM: Um, I have an inkling that the Liberals are ready for it. There are plenty of Liberals who are saying that they think the time has come. And I had a chat today with Tanya Plibersek, who also has a bill on the same subject. She thinks that there's a majority in Labor. Now - but, I don't think anyone has any hard numbers. There's no phone calls being made over this.
TONY JONES: But do you think the Labor Party will support your bill in a way to sort of take it out of the party political fight?
DAVID LEYONHJELM: I think they will, yes. We're still in discussions, so I can't commit - I wouldn't like to commit her to it. But, yes, my feeling is that they will see there's a better chance of success if it's coming from me. There is also - the additional factor is that the Government, the Liberals, require my vote in the Senate more than they're concerned about the Labor vote, so perhaps that'll be a factor as well.
TONY JONES: Do you think you might be able to leverage that in some way to get a conscience vote from the Coalition?
DAVID LEYONHJELM: Well they certainly don't want to offend me. They're being very nice to me at the moment and so they would certainly give it very serious consideration. Yes, I think it'll be an extra factor in my favour. I think the timing will be - the timing is right for this.
TONY JONES: David Leyonhjelm, I'm afraid we're out of time. We'll have to leave you there. Until next time, we'll find out more about you. Thank you very much.
DAVID LEYONHJELM: Thank you.
Our future in space starts on Earth
Timed to coincide with the opening of an exhibition on space and Antarctica, ESA and the British Antarctic Survey are presenting the story “Step to the stars – our future in space starts on Earth”.
Follow the story of medical doctor Beth Healey, who spent over a year at the Concordia research station in Antarctica. Her mission: to conduct experiments for ESA on the international crew, preparing for future space missions.
Concordia sits on a plateau 3200 m above sea level. A place of extremes, temperatures can drop to –80°C in the winter, and the Sun does not rise above the horizon in the winter, forcing the crew to live in isolation without sunlight for four months of the year.
The narrative is featured in the WhiteSpace exhibition at the Space Station Dome, which is being held 7–12 June at the Times Science festival in Cheltenham, UK, .
The exhibition is organised with the support of the UK Space Agency, ESA and the British Antarctic Survey. It showcases an Antarctic-spaceflight analogue research laboratory, with interactive installations based on real experimental protocols. WhiteSpace will then tour science festivals, events and shows throughout the UK and possibly beyond.
Looking for on-site training? Adversary Tactics - Red Team Operations is available from the fine folks at Specter Ops, Inc.. Email info@specterops.io for more information.
Advanced Threat Tactics (Notes and References) is a free course on red team operations and adversary simulations. This course will provide the background and skills necessary to emulate an advanced threat actor with Cobalt Strike.
1. Operations
This course starts with an overview of the Cobalt Strike project, team server setup, and a deep dive into Cobalt Strike's model for long-term distributed operations. Logging and Reporting are covered as well.
2. Infrastructure
This lecture covers listener manager and how to configure the various Beacon flavors. Ample time is devoted to cloud-based redirectors, DNS Beacon setup, and infrastructure troubleshooting. This lecture concludes with a discussion on payload security.
3. Targeted Attacks
Learn how to get a foothold in a modern enterprise with a targeted spear phishing attack. This lecture covers client-side reconnaissance, user-driven attacks, delivering Beacon with exploits, and spear phishing.
4. Post Exploitation
Let's go over what happens once you get into a network. Learn how to manage Beacons, pass sessions, exfiltrate data, log keystrokes, grab screenshots from many systems at once, and scan for targets. This lecture also covers browser pivoting, Cobalt Strike's innovative man-in-the-browser session stealing attack.
5. Privilege Escalation
Privilege Escalation is elevating from standard user rights to full control of a system. This lecture goes over user account control, the privilege escalation options in Beacon, finding escalation opportunities with PowerUp, credential and hash harvesting, and advanced Mimikatz features.
6. Lateral Movement
Lateral Movement is abusing trust relationships to attack systems in an enterprise network. This video covers host and user enumeration, remote control of systems without using malware, and remote code execution with the Beacon payload. You'll also learn to steal tokens, use credentials, pass-the-hash, and generate Kerberos Golden Tickets.
7. Pivoting
This video shows how to tunnel traffic through Beacon. You'll learn how to send the Metasploit® Framework and other tools through a SOCKS proxy pivot. You'll also learn how to turn a compromised system into a redirector for callbacks and hosting malicious content. And, you'll see how to tunnel Beacon over SSH.
8. Malleable Command and Control
Malleable Command and Control is Cobalt Strike's domain-specific language to redefine payload indicators. This is a key technology for adversary simulations. This lecture covers Malleable C2 setup and use, the profile language, and how to test profiles.
Outgoing North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory “definitely” has a place in a new Trump administration, a source close to Donald Trump's transition told the Charlotte Observer Tuesday.
“They're definitely going to take care of him,” said the source, who asked not to be named because he's not authorized to speak for the transition.
McCrory met with Trump last week at Trump Tower in New York City. The day before, he'd met backstage with Trump during the president-elect's thank-you rally in Fayetteville.
The Republican governor, who last week conceded defeat to Democrat Roy Cooper, appeared with Trump at several rallies. Last month in Wilmington, Trump called him a “loyal Trump supporter from Day One.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The News & Observer
There's no indication what post McCrory might be considered for.
There has been speculation that the governor could be tapped for the Federal Emergency Management Agency or find a job in the Transportation, Commerce or Energy departments. Trump has named Cabinet secretaries for the latter three agencies, but many other positions remain unfilled.
SHARE COPY LINK North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory, who recently conceded to Attorney General Roy Cooper, entered Trump Tower for a meeting with President-elect Donald Trump on Dec. 7, 2016.
Photo
A new report suggests that breast-feeding, which has been associated with a reduced breast cancer risk, may have another benefit. In mothers who later develop breast cancer, breast-feeding may reduce the risk of cancer recurrence.
The study, in the July issue of The Journal of the National Cancer Institute, followed 1,636 breast cancer survivors. Researchers examined medical records and gathered data on whether mothers had ever breast-fed their children. They found 383 recurrences and 290 breast cancer deaths during an average nine years of follow-up after completion of treatment.
After controlling for age, smoking, education, race, type of therapy and other factors, they found that compared with women who had never breast-fed, any breast-feeding was associated with a 30 percent reduced risk of recurrence, and breast-feeding for more than six months was associated with a 37 percent reduced risk. There were similar risk reductions for breast cancer deaths.
“Breast-feeding is a good thing for the baby, and there are additional benefits for the mom that this study suggests,” said the lead author, Marilyn L. Kwan, a research scientist at Kaiser Permanente in Oakland, Calif. “This contributes to information already available in making a personal decision about whether or not to breast-feed.”
The risk reductions were particularly apparent in estrogen-receptor positive cancers, the most common type, but were not significant for women with HER2 positive tumors. Breast-feeding leads to certain molecular changes in breast cells, which may help explain the effect.
Mr. McCain has dismissed any suggestion that he does not meet the citizenship test.
In April, the Senate approved a nonbinding resolution declaring that Mr. McCain is eligible to be president. Its sponsors said the nation's founders would have never intended to deny the presidency to the offspring of military personnel stationed out of the country.
A lawsuit challenging Mr. McCain's qualifications is pending in the Federal District Court in Concord, N.H.
There are, Professor Chin argued in his analysis, only two ways to become a natural-born citizen. One, specified in the Constitution, is to be born in the United States. The other way is to be covered by a law enacted by Congress at the time of one's birth.
Professor Chin wrote that simply being born in the Canal Zone did not satisfy the 14th Amendment, which says that “all persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States.”
Photo
A series of early-20th-century decisions known as the Insular Cases, he wrote, ruled that unincorporated territories acquired by the United States were not part of the nation for constitutional purposes. The Insular Cases did not directly address the Canal Zone. But the zone was generally considered an unincorporated territory before it was returned to Panama in 1999, and some people born in the Canal Zone when it was under American jurisdiction have been deported from the United States or convicted of being here illegally.
The second way Mr. McCain could have, and ultimately did, become a citizen was by statute, Professor Chin wrote. In Rogers v. Bellei in 1971, the Supreme Court said Congress had broad authority to decide whether and when children born to American citizens abroad are citizens.
At the time of Mr. McCain's birth, the relevant law granted citizenship to any child born to an American parent “out of the limits and jurisdiction of the United States.” Professor Chin said the term “limits and jurisdiction” left a crucial gap. The Canal Zone was beyond the limits of the United States but not beyond its jurisdiction, and thus the law did not apply to Mr. McCain.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In 1937, Congress addressed the problem, enacting a law that granted citizenship to people born in the Canal Zone after 1904. That made Mr. McCain a citizen, but not one who was naturally born, Professor Chin said, because the citizenship was conferred after his birth.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In his paper and in an interview, Professor Chin, a registered Democrat, said he had no political motive in raising the question.
In March, Laurence H. Tribe, a law professor at Harvard and an adviser to Senator Barack Obama, prepared a memorandum on these questions with Theodore B. Olson, a former solicitor general in the Bush administration. The memorandum concluded that Mr. McCain is a natural-born citizen based on the place of his birth, the citizenship of his parents and their service to the country.
In an interview on Thursday, Mr. Olson, whose firm represents Mr. McCain in the New Hampshire lawsuit, said Congress could not have intended to leave the gap described by Professor Chin. The 1937 law, Mr. Olson said, was not a fix but a way to clarify what Congress had meant all along.
Professor Tribe agreed. Reading the “limits and jurisdiction” clause as Professor Chin does, Professor Tribe said, “is to attribute a crazy design to Congress” that “would create an irrational gap.”
Brian Rogers, a McCain spokesman, said the campaign concurred and was confident Mr. McCain is eligible to serve.
In the motion to dismiss the New Hampshire suit, Mr. McCain's lawyers said an individual citizen like the plaintiff, a Nashua man named Fred Hollander, lacks proof of direct injury and cannot sue.
Daniel P. Tokaji, an election law expert at Ohio State University, agreed. “It is awfully unlikely that a federal court would say that an individual voter has standing,” he said. “It is questionable whether anyone would have standing to raise that claim. You'd have to think a federal court would look for every possible way to avoid deciding the issue.”
You may have heard that the man who may become our next Attorney General was nominated to a Federal Judgeship before but was rejected because of his racist remarks. From Fortune:
This happened in 1986, when I was a toddler. When I heard that Jeff Sessions may become AG, I cringed because I remembered something much more recent. In 2009 when President Obama appointed Sonia Sotomayor to the Supreme Court, the questions Jeff Sessions asked her during her confirmation hearings were racist, absurd and illogical. He was obsessed with his own misinterpretation of her famous “wise Latina” quotation:
“I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn't lived that life,””
And he battered her about it for a long time. Here's just a sample of the back and forth:
SOTOMAYOR: I think if my speech is heard outside of the minute and a half that YouTube presents and its full context examined, that it is very clear that I was talking about the policy ramifications of precedent and never talking about appellate judges or courts making the policy that Congress makes. SESSIONS: Judge, I would just say, I don't think it's that clear. I looked at that on tape several times, and I think a person could reasonably believe it meant more than that. But yesterday you spoke about your approach to rendering opinions and said, quote, “I seek to strengthen both the rule of law and faith in the impartiality of the justice system,” and I would agree. But you have previously said this: “I am willing to accept that we who judge must not deny differences resulting from experiences and heritage, but attempt, as the Supreme Court suggests, continuously to judge when those opinions, sympathies and prejudices are appropriate.” So first, I'd like to know, do you think there's any circumstance in which a judge should allow their prejudices to impact their decision-making? SOTOMAYOR: Never their prejudices. I was talking about the very important goal of the justice system is to ensure that the personal biases and prejudices of a judge do not influence the outcome of a case. What I was talking about was the obligation of judges to examine what they're feeling as they're adjudicating a case and to ensure that that's not influencing the outcome. Life experiences have to influence you. We're not robots to listen to evidence and don't have feelings. We have to recognize those feelings and put them aside. That's what my speech was saying… SESSIONS: Well, Judge … SOTOMAYOR: … because that's our job. SESSIONS: But the statement was, “I willingly accept that we who judge must not deny the differences resulting from experience and heritage, but continuously to judge when those opinions, sympathies and prejudices are appropriate.” That's exactly opposite of what you're saying, is it not? SOTOMAYOR: I don't believe so, Senator, because all I was saying is, because we have feelings and different experiences, we can be led to believe that our experiences are appropriate. We have to be open- minded to accept that they may not be, and that we have to judge always that we're not letting those things determine the outcome. But there are situations in which some experiences are important in the process of judging, because the law asks us to use those experiences. SESSIONS: Well, I understand that, but let me just follow up that you say in your statement that you want to do what you can to increase the faith and the impartiality of our system, but isn't it true this statement suggests that you accept that there may be sympathies, prejudices and opinions that legitimately can influence a judge's decision? And how can that further faith in the impartiality of the system? SOTOMAYOR: I think the system is strengthened when judges don't assume they're impartial, but when judges test themselves to identify when their emotions are driving a result, or their experience are driving a result and the law is not. SESSIONS: I agree with that.
But he didn't really because it went on for another eight pages. [You can read the whole thing here. Start on page 12.] What Senator Sessions was getting at is that Latina women have a race and a gender, but white men do not. That (straight) white (christian) men are the default and do not have a sexuality or a religion that can influence their worldview – but everyone else does.
So what I would like to see from my Senator, Chuck Schumer, the new Senate Minority Leader and member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, is that he and other Democrats take each of his outrageously racist statements and make him spend an hour or more defending them. If he could question Justice Sotomayor for simply stating that people of different genders and ethnicities have different viewpoints, let's see what we can do with “The KKK was ok until I heard they get stoned” and “The NAACP is un-American.*” Seriously. Beat the dead horse until it putrefies. Make him sit there for eleven fucking hours like we spent on Benghazi.
And then don't vote for him.
Here's the letter I'm sending to Senator Schumer. You should contact your representatives too, especially if you have a senator on the Judiciary Committee.
Dear Senator Schumer, I am writing to ask you to oppose the nomination of Jeff Sessions for Attorney General of the United States. His racist remarks make him unfit for office. I would also appreciate it if you pressed him to explain what he meant by those remarks during the confirmation hearings. Thank you,
*The state of Alabama actually banned the NAACP in 1956. Perhaps Senator Sessions would like to defend that action?
I wasn't alone in patiently waiting for new music from John Paul White. His singing and songwriting as half of The Civil Wars was heartfelt and beautiful. This summer, a new album finally came, and Beulah was a quietly understated gem. This is tender Southern music without drawl or pretense, and I love it. White kicks off his Tiny Desk concert with Beulah's opening track, "Black Leaf." It's a song about loss of love, with this killer line:
Those old butterflies, they haven't died 'Cause they're eating me alive in there
After his solo entrance in "Black Leaf," White is joined by Kelli Jones-Savoy on violin and Adam Morrow on guitar for more tunes from Beulah. White recorded these songs originally in Muscle Shoals, Ala., at the well-known FAME Studios, as well as at his own Single Lock Studios. Here at the Tiny Desk, they take on a new life of their own with new arrangements.
Beulah is available now (iTunes) (Amazon).
Set List
"Black Leaf"
"Hate The Way You Love Me"
"What's So"
Musicians
John Paul White (vocals/guitar); Kelli Jones-Savoy (violin); Adam Morrow (guitar).
Credits
Producers: Bob Boilen, Niki Walker; Audio Engineer: Josh Rogosin; Videographers: Niki Walker, Nicole Boliaux; Production Assistant: Anna Marketti; Photo: Raquel Zaldivar/NPR.
For more Tiny Desk concerts, subscribe to our podcast.
(Roberta Munoz / Gothamist)
NYPDRob, AKA The Reddit Cop returned to the online forum yesterday to answer more questions about his job and the department, and he doesn't disappoint in dropping eye-opening, "man we wish more cops would speak their minds" knowledge. The officer defends stop-and-frisk, as "an excellent tool," writing, "If someone gives me a good description, chances are in a city of 8 million people there are going to be a handful of people who are innocent but still fit that description."
Though he avoids invoking the blatant racial disparities in the stop-and-frisk program, NYPDRob invokes anecdotal evidence for the tactic's success: "I got a guy with a 6" gravity knife 2 days ago... who was also wanted for an assault last year. How? Saw the shape of the knife in his back pocket, stopped him. Don't think that S&F is doing nothing"
The officer also writes that he makes around $55K a year, and that his donut of choice is "Obviously boston creme." Most Occupy Wall Street protesters are "cool," but many are "asshats," and the best place to smoke weed is in your apartment. "Smoking weed in your house is a violation. You are protected under the constitution against unlawful search and seizure," he writes. "Since you are not committing a crime (misd or felony) but a violation, we cannot kick down a door for a joint. That would just be silly."
And why don't cop ticket more cars in bike lanes? "Always do! When I'm on foot, that is. When I'm in a car it would cause more traffic for me to stop the car in the road and write up the ticket. There's no parking in this city!"
Image copyright Getty Images
A member of House of Commons staff was arrested after a fight outside one of Parliament's busiest bars.
The Sports and Social Club has been closed and a 57-year-old man arrested on suspicion of GBH and affray.
Police later released the man, who remains under investigation.
A 64-year-old man, also a Commons employee, is reported to have been taken to hospital in an ambulance following the incident, which took place on Tuesday evening.
He needed treatment for non-life threatening injuries.
Scotland Yard said police were still investigating what happened but no-one else was thought to have been involved.
A House of Lords spokesperson said the Sports and Social Club bar would stay closed until the investigation was complete.
The venue, which is a popular haunt for MPs and their staff, is a large traditional pub in the bowels of the Parliamentary estate.
It was recently taken back under the direct control of the House of Lords authorities from an outside contractor and its future was already thought to be in doubt.
Google's carrier, called Project Fi, has been around for a quite a while now. But given its restrictions on compatible devices and just how infrequently U.S. consumers switch carriers, there's a good chance you've only heard bits and pieces of information about Project Fi but haven't ever actually looked into switching. Just as you'd expect, it's dead simple to sign up for Project Fi — here's the process. Early on in its life Project Fi required an invite. That hasn't been the case for a while now. Anyone can go to fi.google.com and sign up now. The only restriction that remains is phone choice. At the time of writing, you can only use a handful of compatible devices from Google and one of its partners. That's the Google Pixel 2 XL, Pixel 2, Android One Moto X4, Pixel XL, Pixel, Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X and Nexus 6. If you have one of these phones, are willing to buy one used or will buy one of the latest devices as part of your Project Fi signup process, you're good to go. Just visit the Project Fi website and get going!
Project Fi is tied to your Google account for everything it does. As such, you'll want to use your primary Google account — the one you use for your primary Gmail address, Google Play, Google Payments, etc. It will make the whole process of managing your account and paying your bill much simpler in the future.
Then, you choose what phone number will be associated with your Fi service — a current Google Voice number, a carrier number that you port to Fi, or an entirely new number. This is the "scary" step with lots of words and explanations that are somewhat confusing, but don't worry — it's not as bad as it seems. If you currently use a Google Voice number as your primary phone number, don't hesitate to port it to Project Fi. You'll still be able to forward phone calls onward to other phones (and Hangouts on the desktop), and make outgoing calls from other phones and computers via that phone number. You lose specialized voicemail greetings and spam filtering, but those aren't worth not going over to Fi for. Just go for it — if you ever cancel Fi, you'll be able to send your number back to Google Voice (for as long as that service is around, anyway). Even if you hesitate here, you'll realize this is your only choice when you get to the next step. If you instead choose to get a new Project Fi number, it'll force you to release your current Google Voice number so you don't have it any more anyway. This stems from Google's requirement of only having one Google Voice number (aka Fi number) per Google Account. If you want to keep your current Voice number and get a new Fi number, you may consider paying to port that Voice number to a new Google Account instead. If you don't have or care about Google Voice, you'll most likely want to port your current carrier number into Project Fi. That'll work just like it does when you're switching carriers — enter your carrier account information, and wait for the port to go through. The porting process won't finalize until you have your Project Fi SIM or new phone with the pre-loaded SIM (or eSIM in the case of the Pixel 2) in hand, so you'll still have your current carrier service until you can actually use Project Fi. Onward.
Choosing your plan couldn't be simpler — you'll always pay a base price of $20 per month for unlimited talk and texts, and a flat rate of $10 per gigabyte of data (which also works internationally, too). The interesting part about Project Fi is that this is just your best guess as to how much data you'll use — for example, you could pay $50 up front ($20 base + $30 for 3GB of data), and you'll get refunded for the data you don't use. If you happen to go over your guess, that extra data will just be added to the next bill at the normal $10 per-gigabyte rate instead. You can choose between 1-6GB of data per month, but you're never locked down — at any point during the month you can change your plan, and the new price will kick in at the next billing cycle. So don't stress over what you choose on this page — you'll never pay at a higher rate for overages, and you'll never pay for something you don't use. The reason why you can only select up to 6GB per month ahead of time is Project Fi's new feature called "Bill Protection" — Google's take on an unlimited data plan. Whenever you hit 6GB of data usage per month, Fi caps your bill at that $80 ($20 base + $60 data) point but you continue to get data service. At 15GB of usage for the month, your speeds are slowed to 256kbps — you can choose to keep using the slow data for free, or pay $10/GB again for full-speed data. Bill Protection is enabled automatically, and if you use less than 6GB in a month the same data charges and refunds listed above apply. That's it for the plan, just one page — now you'll need a phone. If you already have one of the compatible devices listed above, you'll have to verify that you have the device to receive your Project Fi SIM. If you don't have one yet, Google makes it easy to buy one — prices for the phones are the same full price as buying from the Google Store, barring any current specials. You'll pay for the phone at the final step of setup, either up-front or with zero-interest monthly financing.
After confirming your billing and shipping addresses for the order, you'll simply confirm your plan and your phone purchase one last time. You'll notice that there isn't any activation fee for the service, but you will pay applicable sales tax and shipping if you bought a phone. The payment methods you use will be coming from Google Payments, so you'll have to set that up if you haven't already. Double check, press the "continue" buttons and your Fi service or device will be on its way!
When your Project Fi device or SIM card arrives, you'll simply have to power up your phone and confirm that you really want your number ported to the carrier. After a couple of hours or so, you'll receive a notification that your number is now on Fi and you're good to go!
Even if you don't happen to believe that Bilderberg is the sinister organisation that really rules the world, what cannot be denied is that its secretive meetings do to tend to attract some pretty high-level insect overlords.
Here's the participants list for their latest get together in Telfs-Buchen, Austria later this week. It includes everyone from the CEO of Royal Dutch Shell and the President of the Royal Bank of Canada to the German Minister of Defence to British Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne to retired General David Petraeus to none other than the Prime Minister of Belgium. Far more interesting than who's in on the conspiracy, though, is what's on the agenda. Or rather what's not on the agenda.
Have a look at this list of urgent crises facing the world. And see if you can tell what's missing:
The key topics for discussion this year includes:
Artificial Intelligence
Cybersecurity
Chemical Weapons Threats
Current Economic Issues
European Strategy
Globalisation
Greece
Iran
Middle East
NATO
Russia
Terrorism
United Kingdom
USA
US Elections
Well, what's not there, for some bizarre reason, is the threat that President Obama and his Secretary of State and most of the rest of his administration have repeatedly been assuring us represents the single greatest problem in the world today.
Indeed, just a month ago, the President reiterated this vital and urgent message in his address to the Coast Guard Academy.
Climate change, and especially rising seas, is a threat to our homeland security, our economic infrastructure, the safety and health of the American people. Already, today, in Miami and Charleston, streets now flood at high tide. Along our coasts, thousands of miles of highways and roads, railways, energy facilities are all vulnerable. It's estimated that a further increase in sea level of just one foot by the end of this century could cost our nation $200 billion.
Stupid, sinister, pesky Bilderberg. Didn't anyone get the memo?
(H/T Ozboy)
If you want to stay fully informed on the Trump administration's latest machinations, which seem to occur, oh, about every 15 minutes, these are 25 people you need to be following right now…
Politics
Politicians of all stripes have been vocal in their criticisms of the president, from both the right and left. It's almost like how politics is supposed to work sometimes. Thanks, Trump?
1. Michigan Representative Justin Amash
Facebook: @justinamash
Twitter: @justinamash
.@POTUS‘s constant fear mongering to undermine support for our constitutional system of checks and balances is irresponsible and dangerous. — Justin Amash (@justinamash) February 5, 2017
2. California Attorney General Xavier Becerra
Twitter: @xavierbecerra
I've filed an amicus brief in 9th Circuit Court of Appeals, along w/15 state AGs, to keep @realDonaldTrump‘s travel ban suspended! #NoBan — Xavier Becerra (@XavierBecerra) February 6, 2017
3. New Jersey Senator Cory Booker
Facebook: @corybooker
Twitter: @corybooker
The AG has a duty to the law. Trump firing Sally Yates for honoring her oath of office is shameful and wrong https://t.co/dqn8Qr7k6H — Cory Booker (@CoryBooker) January 31, 2017
4. California Governor Jerry Brown
Facebook: @jerrybrown
Twitter: @JerryBrownGov
We've got the scientists, we've got the universities, we have the national labs…and we will persevere. https://t.co/8KYotdEhkb — Jerry Brown (@JerryBrownGov) December 16, 2016
5. California Senator Kamala Harris
Facebook: @KamalaHarris
Twitter: @KamalaHarris
If you've ever wondered what you would have done during the Civil Rights Movement, this is your opportunity to find out. #goodtrouble — Kamala Harris (@KamalaHarris) February 4, 2017
6. Washington Representative Pramila Jayapal
Facebook: @pramila.jayapal
Twitter: @RepJayapal
Watch: Everything you need to know about Trump's unconstitutional #MuslimBan in ninety seconds. Judge Robart deals in facts, not fiction. pic.twitter.com/4Q6umAZt7e — Rep. Pramila Jayapal (@RepJayapal) February 5, 2017
7. California Representative Ted Lieu
Facebook: @RepTedLieu
Twitter: @RepTedLieu
America, we have a problem. President @realDonaldTrump keeps making stuff up with no evidence. https://t.co/IUNNRnL6WV — Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) February 6, 2017
8. Former Presidential Candidate Evan McMullin
Facebook: @mcmulline
Twitter: @Evan_McMullin
Release your tax returns, @realDonaldTrump. — Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) February 7, 2017
9. California Secretary of State Alex Padilla
Facebook: @alexpadilla4ca
Twitter: @AlexPadilla4CA
.@RealDonaldTrump should investigate Russian interference in our elections,not fake claims of voter fraud intended to suppress voting rights — Alex Padilla (@AlexPadilla4CA) January 25, 2017
10. Nebraska Senator Ben Sasse
Facebook: @SenatorSasse
Twitter: @SenSasse
In America, we have a free press. So Putin can only make a request of @OReillyFactor. In Russia, he'd just consider taking him out. https://t.co/nmVX7fKP70 — Ben Sasse (@BenSasse) February 6, 2017
Journalism
Many pundits have been outspoken in their criticisms of this White House. Which is one of the duties of a free press. Whether the president likes it or not.
11. Max Boot (Foreign Policy)
Twitter: @MaxBoot
Trump's America–selfish & defensive–isn't the country that opened its doors to my family & many other immigrants. https://t.co/9AEMm91PVh — Max Boot (@MaxBoot) January 23, 2017
12. David Corn (Mother Jones)
Facebook: @davidcorndc
Twitter: @DavidCornDC
The choice is really this: is the president a liar or is he delusional? https://t.co/tyA9bKjuWU — David Corn (@DavidCornDC) February 7, 2017
13. Lauren Duca (Teen Vogue)
Twitter: @laurenduca
14. Mark Harris (Vulture)
Twitter: @MarkHarrisNYC
What if you had immense power but your favorite thing was still watching TV and every time you turned it on you saw that people hated you? — Mark Harris (@MarkHarrisNYC) February 6, 2017
15. Clara Jeffery (Mother Jones)
Twitter: @ClaraJeffery
2/ One way to understand what happened to America is that we've cut civic classes to make room for endless testing. https://t.co/UogQVAEWMQ pic.twitter.com/DW6eitPjqz — Clara Jeffery (@ClaraJeffery) February 6, 2017
Entertainment
These are just a few of the many, many, many, many, many entertainers who have taken issue with the current administration.
16. Samantha Bee (Full Frontal)
Facebook: @fullfrontalsamb
Twitter: @FullFrontalSamB
Pence: “WE WILL CUT THE BABY IN HALF!”
Clerk: “Um, we just need you to cast a tie-breaking vote.”
Pence: “IN HALF!!!” — Full Frontal (@FullFrontalSamB) February 7, 2017
17. Rob Fee (UnConventional)
Facebook: @rob.fee
Twitter: @robfee
I made a sign for Trump supporters. pic.twitter.com/cxNGDgBN2y — Rob Fee (@robfee) January 21, 2017
18. Kumail Nanjiani (Silicon Valley)
Twitter: @kumailn
Trump cannot be discredited. Nothing will make his followers turn on him. Key is to activate the majority of the country that doesn't care. — Kumail Nanjiani (@kumailn) January 31, 2017
19. Trevor Noah (The Daily Show)
Twitter: @Trevornoah
It starts with the Muslims on the outside then it moves to the Muslims on the inside…
No you're right, that could NEVER happen. — Trevor Noah (@Trevornoah) January 28, 2017
20. Patton Oswalt (Actor, Writer, Standup)
Twitter: @pattonoswalt
[WWIII STARTS] Spicer: Look, he'd had a long day. He was cranky. — Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) February 2, 2017
Activism
Sometimes they write. Sometimes they are out in the streets. Sometimes they are rogue employees of the National Park Service.
21. Bad Hombre Badlands NPS
Twitter: @BadHombreNPS
22. Garry Kasparov
Twitter: @Kasparov63
Trump has criticized: Republicans, Democrats, the Pope, US elections, CIA, FBI, NATO, Meryl Streep.
Trump hasn't criticized: Vladimir Putin. — Garry Kasparov (@Kasparov63) January 9, 2017
23. Shaun King
Facebook: @shaunking
Twitter: @ShaunKing
It's disturbing. What it shows is that it was not a slip of the tongue, but some strange conspiracy/lie she deliberately promoted. https://t.co/jRthaH2QQ7 — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) February 6, 2017
24. DeRay Mckesson
Facebook: @dmckesson
Twitter: @deray
You can find up-to-date info re: Trump's proposed policies, their projected impact, & ways to resist, here: https://t.co/Q2IDs04bnn — deray mckesson (@deray) January 25, 2017
25. Rafia Zakaria
Twitter: @rafiazakaria
Because it's racist, nativist and will destroy American leadership in innovation. https://t.co/G8xyceS1HG — Rafia Zakaria (@rafiazakaria) February 6, 2017
The Absurd
Bonus: Half an Onion in a Bag
Twitter: @HalfOnionInABag
What if this account that is simply half an onion in a Ziploc bag ended up with more followers than @realDonaldTrump? pic.twitter.com/D28lODPZLO — Half An Onion (@HalfOnionInABag) January 20, 2017
Half an Onion is currently at 776,000 followers and counting.
Holler at us in the comment section with your must-follows that aren't on this list.
Joe Donatelli is the Senior Writer at Los Angeles magazine. You can follow him on Twitter @joedonatelli and Facebook. He wrote: Where to Follow Real News and Get Real Facts if You Live in L.A.
Scientists have discovered the coldest type of star-like bodies known, which at times can be cooler than the human body.
Astronomers had unsuccessfully pursued these dark entities, called Y dwarfs, ever since their existence was theorized more than a decade ago. They are nearly impossible to see relying on visible light, but with the infrared vision of NASA's WISE space telescope, researchers finally detected the faint glow of six Y dwarfs relatively close to our sun, within a distance of about 40 light-years.
Y dwarfs are the coldest members of star-like bodies known as brown dwarfs, which are odd objects sometimes known as failed stars.
Brown dwarfs are too puny to force atoms to fuse together and release nuclear energy, and so they have only the little heat they were born with. This heat fades over time until all the light they do emit is at infrared wavelengths. [Photos From NASA's WISE Telescope]
So far, WISE has helped find 100 new brown dwarfs.
The coldest "failed stars"
To see how cool the coldest of these Y dwarfs was, the researchers used NASA's Hubble Space Telescope to analyze its pattern of light. They found this coldest Y dwarf, known as WISE 1828+2650, was colder than 80 degrees Fahrenheit (25 degrees Celsius).
"The brown dwarfs we were turning up before this discovery were more like the temperature of your oven," said astronomer Davy Kirkpatrick, a WISE science team member at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, and lead author of a study on the 100 new brown dwarfs. "With the discovery of Y dwarfs, we've moved out of the kitchen and into the cooler parts of the house."
The closest of these Y dwarfs, WISE 1541-2250, is 9 light-years distant. In comparison, the alien star closest to us, Proxima Centauri, is about 4 light-years away. [Video: Getting WISE to Brown Dwarfs]
"Finding brown dwarfs near our sun is like discovering there's a hidden house on your block that you didn't know about," said astronomer Michael Cushing, a WISE team member at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif., and lead author of the study on the Y dwarfs. "It's thrilling to me to know we've got neighbors out there yet to be discovered. With WISE, we may even find a brown dwarf closer to us than our closest known star."
The coldest brown dwarfs until now were the T dwarfs, which get as cool as about 440 degrees Fahrenheit (225 degrees C). First uncovered in sizable numbers in the late 1990s, the dwarfs led astronomers to ask whether there could be dwarfs even cooler, Kirkpatrick told SPACE.com — for instance, ones that might be older and thus with more time to cool off, or less massive and with less heat to begin with, or both.
Classifying brown dwarfs
Scientists name stars and brown dwarfs based on their temperatures, "with 'O' stars being the hottest, and now 'Y' dwarfs being the coldest,'" Cushing explained.
Most of the letters of the alphabet already have strong associations with other astronomical objects, so "after eliminating these 'used' letters from consideration, there are really only a few left, and those are H, Y, and Z," Cushing added. "Since Y comes after T, we felt it was the appropriate choice. Using Y also leaves room for an additional 'Z' class if astronomers discover even colder objects."
Better understanding Y dwarfs could shed light on how stars and planets form.
"Brown dwarfs in general, and Y dwarfs specifically, are a wonderful bridge between stellar and planetary astrophysics, because we think brown dwarfs form like stars, but in many respects look more like gas giant planets like Jupiter," Cushing told SPACE.com. "So when we study Y dwarfs, we are not only learning about stars, but also about the conditions of gas giant exoplanets.
"Brown dwarfs are also much easier to observe because in general, they aren't lost in the glare of an exceedingly bright parent star like the majority of exoplanets are."
"Our ultimate goal is to determine what is the least massive brown dwarf that nature can form and how many of these cold brown dwarfs exist near the sun," Cushing added. "This information will help us understand how low-mass stars and brown dwarfs form in general. So we will be continuing to search the sky using WISE for even colder Y dwarfs. We also want to start studying the known Y dwarfs in more detail to determine more-precise temperature estimates, estimate their masses, determine if any of them are actually binary systems and so on.
"The largest obstacle in studying Y dwarfs is that they are extremely faint, so we require the absolute largest telescopes on Earth and the Hubble Space Telescope and in some cases these telescopes are probably still not sensitive enough."
The scientists detailed their findings about the Y dwarfs in a paper appearing in the Astrophysical Journal and about the 100 new brown dwarfs in a study appearing in the Astrophysical Journal Supplement Series.
© 2011 TechMediaNetwork.com. All rights reserved.
Gumby creator dies aged 88
Updated
Art Clokey, the creator of the iconic clay figure Gumby, has died in his sleep at his home in California aged 88.
He had battled repeated bladder infections.
Clokey invented Gumby, the green clay character, in the early 1950s.
He debuted on the The Howdy Doody Show and went on to become the star of his own show, The Adventures Of Gumby.
Gumby and Pokey, his horse friend, became popular figures in the 1960s.
They still remain favourites among many kids, adults and collectors around the world.
Clokey was born Arthur Farrington in Detroit in 1921, and grew up making mud figures on his grandparents' Michigan farm.
"He always had this in him," son Joseph Clokey said.
Another of Clokey's creations is the 1960s Christian television series Davey And Goliath.
Clokey had said he based Gumby's sloping head and hair on a picture of his father, who died in a car accident when the filmmaker was just eight years old.
Clokey was later adopted by music teacher and composer Joseph W Clokey, who taught him the arts and took his new son on adventures in Mexico and Canada.
Joseph Clokey told the LA Times that those journeys and Clokey's love of fossil hunting helped inspire Gumby's own adventures.
The lovable character saw renewed popularity in the 1980s after comedian Eddie Murphy mimicked Gumby as a gruff cigar-smoking character for Saturday Night Live.
- Reuters
Topics: arts-and-entertainment, television, united-states
First posted
Commission appointed by UN human rights council says those responsible for suspected violations of international law must be brought to justice
A United Nations inquiry into the 2014 Gaza war has accused Israeli and Palestinian factions of multiple potential violations of international law including suspected war crimes.
Calling on Israel to “break with its lamentable track record” and hold wrongdoers responsible, the hard-hitting report commissioned by the UN human rights council lays most of the blame for Israel's suspected violations at the feet of the country's political and military leadership.
The commission – chaired by a former New York supreme court judge, Mary McGowan Davis – says leaders should have been aware as the war progressed that their failure to change course was leading to mounting civilian casualties.
“Those responsible for suspected violations of international law at all levels of the political and military establishments must be brought to justice,” it says.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Israeli prime minister Binyamin Netanyahu condemns the report as ‘flawed and biased', saying the UN has a ‘singular obsession with Israel'
Israel, which refused to co-operate with the inquiry, said on Monday the report failed to recognise the “profound difference” between “Israel's moral behaviour” and the “terror organisations” it confronted.
Denying that Israel commits war crimes, Binyamin Netanyahu, the Israeli prime minister, said: “The report is biased. The commission that wrote it is under a committee that does everything but protect human rights.”
Hamas also rejected the findings. A senior official, Ghazi Hamad, said on Monday that its rockets and mortars were aimed at Israeli military sites, not at civilians.
The report accuses both Hamas and the Israeli military of breaches of international law in the way they fought the conflict. The UN commission says it gathered “substantial information pointing to serious violations of international humanitarian law and international human rights law” by both sides.
The timing of the [Israeli] attacks increased the likelihood that many people, often entire families, would be at home. UN report
Israel began its offensive last July in response to heavy rocket fire from Hamas and other militant groups. More than 2,200 Palestinians, including hundreds of civilians, were killed during the fighting, according to UN and Palestinian officials, while 73 people – the vast majority military personnel – died on the Israeli side.
Hamas and other Palestinian factions are accused of using indiscriminate rocket and mortar fire and of the murder of alleged Palestinian collaborators.
The report's authors say: “The use of rockets in the possession of Palestinian armed groups, indiscriminate in nature, and any targeted mortar attack against civilians constitute violations of international humanitarian law, in particular of the fundamental principle of distinction, which may amount to a war crime.”
For its part, Israel faces charges that it potentially breached international law in multiple areas of the conduct of its war, including the targeting of residential homes with precision, the excessive use of artillery in civilian areas, and the loosening of troops' rules of engagement such as the use of the Hannibal Protocol in Rafah.
The report calls on Israel to provide further details of its “targeting decisions”, saying this would allow for further independent assessment of its conduct in Gaza.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Mourners at the funeral in Rishon Letzion of Staff Sergeant Matan Gotlib, a Maglan elite unit soldier who died in the 2014 conflict. Photograph: Ariel Schalit/AP
The report also questions Israel's claims to have gone above and beyond the requirements of international law in warning civilians of impending attacks, noting that warnings were either ineffective at the time or that civilians had nowhere to flee to.
“The commission recognises that the general warnings issued by the Israel Defence Forces saved lives. At the same time, these warnings were often used in a context where people fleeing were unable to identify a safe place to go owing to the unpredictability of many attacks over a lengthy period of time.”
In particular, it points out that at times 44% of the coastal strip was either under an evacuation order or attack, leaving many with no safe place to go.
On the issue of the targeting of residential homes with precision weapons, the report examined 15 specific cases in which 216 people were killed, including 115 children and 50 women. The report's authors could find no reason to explain why in six cases houses has been attacked.
It notes: “Many of the incidents took place in the evening or at dawn, when families gathered for iftar and suhhur, the Ramadan meals, or at night, when people were asleep. The timing of the attacks increased the likelihood that many people, often entire families, would be at home. Attacking residential buildings rendered women particularly vulnerable to death and injury.
“In six of the cases examined by the commission, and in most cases reported on by non-governmental organisations, there is little or no information available to explain why residential buildings, which are prima facie civilian objects immune from attack, were considered to be legitimate military objectives.”
The report concludes: “In many incidents, however, the weapons used, the timing of attacks, and the fact that the targets were located in densely populated areas indicate that the Israel Defence Forces may not have done everything feasible to avoid or limit civilian casualties.
“Israel should provide specific information on the effective contribution of a given house or inhabitant to military action and the clear advantage to be gained by the attack. Should a strike directly and intentionally target a house in the absence of a specific military objective, this would amount to a violation of the principle of distinction. It may also constitute a direct attack against civilian objects or civilians, a war crime under international criminal law.”
On the question of Israeli ground operations, the report also voices serious misgivings after investigating massive use of artillery fire against Shuja'iya, Khuzaa and Rafah.
It remarks: “During the ground operations, the Israel Defence Forces used explosive weapons extensively in densely populated areas of Gaza.” It adds that such use was “highly likely to constitute a violation of the prohibition of indiscriminate attacks. Such use may, depending on the circumstances, qualify as a direct attack against civilians, and may therefore amount to a war crime.
Israel is defending itself from a murderous terrorist organisation that calls for its destruction Binyamin Netanyahu
“In addition, the fact that the Israel Defence Forces did not modify the manner in which they conducted their operations after initial episodes of shelling resulted in a large number of civilian deaths indicates that their policies governing the use of artillery in densely populated areas may not be in conformity with international humanitarian law.”
The report also examines the use of firepower in instances when Israeli troops were under threat, arguing that the balance between force protection and the requirement to protect civilians was seriously compromised.
“The commission believes that the military culture created by such policy priorities may have been a factor contributing to the decision to unleash massive firepower in Rafah and Shuja'iya, in utter disregard of its devastating impact on the civilian population. Moreover, applying this protocol in the context of a densely populated environment through the use of heavy weaponry predictably leads to violations of the principles of distinction and proportionality.”
McGowan Davis, the chair of the UN commission, said: “The extent of the devastation and human suffering in Gaza was unprecedented and will impact generations to come. There is also ongoing fear in Israel among communities who come under regular threat.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Palestinian mourners carry the body of Tayseer al-Ismary, a Hamas militant, at his funeral in Khan Yunis, in the southern Gaza Strip, in December 2014. Photograph: Said Khatib/AFP/Getty
Netanyahu said Israel did not commit war crimes. “Israel is defending itself from a murderous terrorist organisation that calls for its destruction and which has perpetrated many war crimes,” he said. “Any country that wants to live would have acted this way. But the commission expects a country, the citizens of which have been attacked by thousands of missiles, to sit idly by. We will not sit, and have not sat, idly by. We will continue to take strong and determined action against all those who try to attack us and our citizens, and we will do so in accordance with international law.”
The Guardian view on the 2014 Gaza war report: damning conclusions for both sides | Editorial Read more
A spokesman for Israel's foreign ministry said: “It is well known that the entire process that led to the production of this report was politically motivated and morally flawed from the outset.
“It is regrettable that the report fails to recognise the profound difference between Israel's moral behaviour during Operation Protective Edge and the terror organisations it confronted.”
Before the report's publication, Israel had gone on a media offensive, producing its own report, which found no fault with its conduct in Gaza.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A Fox News pundit has claimed that people will soon be able to enter into special marriages for three people and a dog.
Fox's resident ‘psychiatrist' Keith Ablow made the claim while denouncing California Governor Jerry Brown for signing legislation on Monday updating the state's Family Code to cater for same-sex couples.
Ablow claimed “Get ready for the cards and letters… [it's] nuts!
“Here's the thing, the state needs to get out of the marriage business.
“There's no way that the state of California can deny a marriage license to four spouses now, eight spouses, or I would say three human spouses and the canine they absolutely love.
“If love is the foundation of marriage… they can love their dog too.”
The Fox hosts quickly cut him off, saying: “You are one lucky guy Keith!”
Last year, Ablow claimed: “Marriage is over.
“It was always at least a little funny that a huge percentage of people swore to stay together until death, then divorced and remarried.
“But, now, it is, officially, judicially, a joke. If two men can marry, and three men can marry, and five women and a man can marry, and three men and two women can marry, then marriage has no meaning.
“I received threats of being raped and being killed from gay people who didn't like the point I was making and seemed to think I should be brutalised or die for it.”
Watch the clip below:
Kevin from Miccostumes.com shot me an e-mail recently about some of the awesome sponsored cosplay on their site and I thought it would be a great idea to post some of it here on Fanboy Fashion too! In this particular case, we have cosplayer Aura sporting some fantastic looking Vocaloid Hatsune Miku cosplay. Pictures like these make me wonder why more women don't sport blue hair? Its hot! Anyway, if you like this and want to see more, you should definitely check out her gallery over at DeviantART as she has done a ton of other cosplay. And for those curious, Hatsune Miku means “the first sound from the future.”
Pass this along to any other cosplay lovers you know! Like Fanboy Fashion on Facebook too!
Thanks Kevin!
Time heals, indeed, but sometimes it drags some dark nightmares from the recesses of our past into the present; nightmares whose repercussions are felt in the future too. Still weighing heavy on my conscience is that horrifying night of 22 May in the humid summer of 1987. And the subsequent days, similarly, are etched in my memory like as if on stone – it was something that overpowered the cop in me. The Hashimpura experience continues to torment me.
Searching for those who had survived among the blood-soaked bodies strewn around the canal and between ravines near Makanpur village on the Delhi-Ghaziabad border in the pitch dark, on the night of 22 May, armed only with a dim torchlight, while ensuring that we didn't trample upon the bodies – each scene still streams through my mind like a horror film.
It was around 10.30 at night when I heard about the incident. At first, I could not believe it. It was not until I reached the Hindon canal in Makanpur village, along with the district magistrate and other officials, that I realised had become a witness to secular India's most shameful and horrendous incident.
I was the superintendent of police, Ghaziabad district, and personnel from Provincial Armed Constabulary (PAC) had rounded up dozens of Muslims from riot-torn Meerut and had killed them in cold blood in my area of jurisdiction. One of the survivors of this horror was Babudin; he was the first survivor we found and he helped us put together the details of the incident. It was through him that we learnt about similar killings near another water canal that was just forty minutes away. This was the Gang canal that traversed through Muradnagar.
Between 22 May 1987 and 21 March 2015, when the verdict on the crime came, it would seem that Indian society had undergone a sea of change. The changes that have taken place in the political, economic and social spheres have metamorphosed the social milieu of the country. But the fact that the case dragged on endlessly in the courts actually serves as a grim reminder that nothing has really changed.
The relation between the Indian state and the minorities is almost the same now as it was then in 1987 or even earlier, in the 1950s and the 1960s. The same absence of trust, the same hatred, the same prejudices, the same notions, and the same requirement and attempt to prove their ‘Indian-ness'. Nothing has changed. It is as if the more things change, the more they remain the same. Or perhaps, worsen.
Just a few days after the Hashimpura massacre, I decided to write about it and bring its details out to the open.
I began by recording the tales of those who committed the atrocity in order to make sense of their psyche – I wanted to understand how they could pull the trigger on fellow human beings. The victims had no idea what they had done to deserve such a brutal death.
It took me nearly five to six years to realise that my belief that the killers would receive exemplary punishment for such a heinous act would remain just that – a mere belief. As time flew by, it became evident that the Indian state was just not interested in penalising the guilty. All the stakeholders of the state kept playing hide but not seek with their responsibilities and many shielded themselves behind criminal negligence. And it worked for them.
It was in 1992 when I finally decided to write this book. By then, I was transferred to a distant place on deputation, with Lucknow and Meerut far beyond my reach. My writing began at a slow pace because of my busy schedule, but when the National Police Academy, Hyderabad, granted me a research fellowship in 1994, my prospects brightened. My subject was related to the image of the police among Hindus and Muslims during communal riots, and I deliberately chose this topic in order to work on the book; it also provided me with a year-long relief from regular routine.
With the help of friends who were working in the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) and PAC, I was able to access a lot of documents, which even a professional journalist would not be able to obtain. Thanking those friends by naming them here might cause some trouble for them, but, without revealing their identity, I would like to thank them.
The more I immersed myself in those documents, the more determined I became to write this book. These documents were chilling evidence of the criminal connivance of the Indian state in the country's biggest custodial killing after Independence. And I was poised to pen this shocking story.
When I eventually got down to writing this book, I discovered how difficult it was to capture the pain and the wails of the victims and their families. I had never faced a challenge like this before. I am essentially a fiction writer and at times I draw certain characters from real-life experiences, but once these characters are entrapped in my plot, I own them. I keep tweaking and twisting them according to my line of thought. In some cases, people I have encountered and who have made an impression on me have turned into anti-heroes or villains in my books.
But I could not do the same with the characters in Hashimpura. In fact, I submitted myself to them. They would walk, sleep and live with me through the course of my writing and would not allow me any liberties with them. The monstrosity of the incident was so overwhelming that it laid a virtual siege on me and I was often left scrounging for the right words. I was so depleted of energy that it slowed me down like never before – at times I couldn't even wrap up a small chapter in one sitting.
By the time I found the right words, the ghosts of the dead would overpower me. How could I bind together words that expressed the predicament of Jaibunnisa who delivered a beautiful baby girl on 22 May 1987, just around the time her husband succumbed to a rain of bullets at the Gang canal?
Often, I would postpone writing for weeks and months on end and, at one point in time, I even threw my hands up in despair. Enough, I told myself. But it was easier said than done. I could feel the living and the dead of Hashimpura breathe down my neck and realized that the writer in me would never attain nirvana if I left their story untold. Or worse, half-told.
It wasn't just Hashimpura.
In another Meerut locality named Maliyana, a violent mob of Hindus and personnel from the PAC had mercilessly killed dozens of Muslims. The only difference was that here the victims were not under police custody, unlike those in Hashimpura. During the 1987 riots, Maliyana became more infamous than Hashimpura and in literature, especially in Urdu poetry, about Maliyana, Hashimpura finds mention. Once, at a panel discussion in Mussoorie, I was with Justice Rajinder Sachar who spoke of the Hashimpura incident, but attributed it to Maliyana. Both events were unfortunate and equally horrifying, but I consider Hashimpura more serious and worrisome given that all those killed were under police custody and not victims of mob violence.
What are the implications of Hashimpura? Should it be forgotten as an aberration and remembered at best – or worst – as the biggest-ever instance of custodial killings in India after Independence? In my opinion, the very fact that Hashimpura happened, and that all the accused were subsequently acquitted, is of vital importance for the Indian society to understand and analyse. It has a direct connect with the secular structure of the country and needs a deeper discourse.
After Partition in 1947 on the basis of the two-nation theory whereby, after elaborate discussions it was decided that India will be a secular democracy, and everyone, right from Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru to the majority of the members of the constituent assembly, had firmly opposed the idea that Hindus and Muslims are two separate nations and could not live together.
Despite all the requisite provisions in favour of secularism in the Constitution, there is something intriguing within the social and political milieu that prevents India from becoming a truly secular society. And the most significant manifestation of this is the communal violence which broke out in Jabalpur in 1961 – it was the first such incident after Independence. After that, communal riots became a regular phenomenon every couple of years in some part of the country or the other. And all the riots would have an almost similar story behind it. According to government reports, a majority of those killed in every big riot are Muslims and they are also the biggest sufferers in the hands of the police – a key public institution of the state.
In each of these instances, Muslims have felt that the Indian state did not do enough to protect their rights. The state, instead, has always been more interested in taking up issues of lesser importance. The minimum expectation from the state in a civilised society is that it protects the life and property of its citizens, irrespective of their caste, class, sex, colour or religion. Unfortunately, despite having a strong and an all-encompassing Constitution, the Indian state has mostly failed on this count.
From our experiences alone, we can comprehend the kind of issues the minority communities of the country, which form nearly 20 per cent of the population, might face on a daily basis when the state has failed to protect their faith. They too have legitimate rights and are an integral part of this country.
It is no secret that the families of the Sikh victims in the 1984 riots provided the maximum number of volunteers to the Khalistan movement. And how radical Islam found justification during the demolition of the Babri Masjid in 1992 and the communal frenzy in Gujarat in 2002.
Hashimpura's ramifications are far-reaching. Post-verdict reactions, especially from Muslims, in this case should be taken with utmost seriousness. Several events and discussions broke out across the country after the 21 March verdict. I also attended some of them where one could find a good number of youth from Muslim fundamentalist organisations. They could easily be identified from their dressing, facial expressions and the questions they asked.
I could sense many of them arguing with me and stressing on the relevance of secularism, whatever be their ulterior motive for wanting the principle in practice, while initiating discussions about Hashimpura. They were caught in a strange situation – by ideology, they would wish an Islamic rule, but being in a minority community they knew that this was not possible in India. An important contemporary historian sums up the paradox a majority of Muslims face by pointing out that they wish a secular polity in the country, not because they actually believe in secularism but because they extrapolate the opposite of it as a Hindu nation.
The Hashimpura verdict has put liberal Muslims on the defensive and provided fuel to the fundamentalists. I have often heard even scholarly Muslims speak against the same Constitution that has immensely contributed to ensuring them the status of an equal Indian, despite all the aberrations witnessed.
In a sense, their anger is justified. Since Hashimpura was the bloodiest-ever incident of custodial killings in India, such reactions should not be a surprise. In its scale – that is in the number of deaths – Hashimpura may not match the shocking statistics of the 1984 anti-Sikh killings, the 1983 Nellie (Assam) massacre, 1989 Bhagalpur riots or the 2002 Gujarat pogrom, but it remains the most terrifying of them all because forty-two Muslims were mercilessly shot dead after being taken into police custody.
In this sense, Hashimpura remains a disgraceful instance of the merciless and barbaric use of brute state force and a spineless, politically expedient government lying prostrate before its own men – the killers.
The sequence of events is adequate testimony to this: A group of Uttar Pradesh's armed reserve police force selected forty- two youngsters, in full public view, from among a crowd of more than 500 people, loaded them into an official police truck, took them near the water canal, killed them one by one, threw them into the water, hopped on to the truck, reached their camp and went to sleep. Twenty-eight years later, the court acquitted them. Yes, it all happened, but the investigators did not have enough meat in their material to make the killers sleep in jails.
Excerpted with permission from the Preface, Hashimpura, May 22, Vibhuti Narain Rai, translated from the Hindi by Darshan Desai, Penguin Books.
An eminent novelist, Vibhuti Narain Rai joined the Indian Police Service in 1975. He served the force for thirty-six years and was awarded the Indian Police Medal for Meritorious Services and the President's Police Medal for Distinguished Services.
MARSHALLTOWN, Iowa
They started lining up three hours early, huddling outside a high school gym for a chance to see Donald Trump, wearing "Make America Great Again" hats and pins that showed Hillary Clinton behind bars or read "Bomb the s--- out of ISIS," just one of the outlandish lines from Trump in his increasingly viable quest for the presidency.
The Rolling Stones rocked on the loudspeakers. People wore smirks, waiting to be entertained. Some guy slipped on a puppet of Triumph, the Insult Comic Dog. And moments before Trump bounded on stage, an announcement set the mood:
"If a protester starts demonstrating in the area around you, please do not touch or harm the protester. This is a peaceful rally. In order to notify the law enforcement officers of the location of the protester, please hold a rally sign over your head and start chanting, 'Trump, Trump, Trump.' Ask the people around you to do likewise until the officer removes the protester. Thank you for helping us make America great again."
A woman in the cheap seats, back by the press corps penned in like cattle, looked at her husband and laughed. "Wow."
It's easy to find fun in a Trump rally. But behind the spectacle and stereotypes are real people prosecuting a powerful case against the American political system.
Again and again here Tuesday, they affirmed Trump's appeal. They are disgusted with politicians and calibrated words, worried about their financial futures and sick of illegal immigration. They want a businessman in charge, someone so rich he doesn't have to suck up to corporations and lobbyists.
They do want to bomb the s--- out of ISIS.
"He's talking like the way I'm thinking," said Gary Bumsted, 65, who wore a blue Trump cap in the 20-degree fading daylight.
"We live in a world that's becoming so PC. It's beyond annoying. Some things he's said I can see why people are offended, but it's just refreshing that he doesn't care," said Kristen Pinnick, 43, a home school mom, who secured a spot up in front of the gym, capacity 2,149.
She said she heard about how Trump years ago pushed a dysfunctional New York City government to rebuild an ice skating rink in Central Park. "He got it done," Pinnick said. "I really believe that when he says we're going to build a wall and secure America, he's going to do it. He'll make our military great again, which is No. 1 to me."
Trump's approach is short on specifics and large on bravado, a stream of finger-wagging tough talk. He's roundly criticized in the news media, but it only builds his following.
"He says what everybody is thinking but they don't have enough guts to say. We can't have all these Mexicans and all this other riff-raff coming in," said Craig Ziemke, 66, who voted twice for Barack Obama. "Trump don't take s--- off nobody."
There's been much attention this election to the anger from voters, and interviews with about 20 people showed a good deal of it lies in a distrust of politicians and Washington. Trump, they said, is a dealmaker who can get government working again and pay more attention to American interests and jobs.
"I'm tired of politicians. I'm 72. I've watched a lot of them promise a lot of things and nothing happens," said Don Dodd, who is retired from an industrial gas plant. "He's just different. I think he's going to run it like a business. You don't have to know everything if you hire the right people."
Dodd, like many of the people interviewed, said he had never caucused before but plans to Monday. Trump has a huge lead in the polls in Iowa and New Hampshire, the first two nominating states, but turnout among his followers is an open question.
Zach Underhill, a 20-year-old electrician, said he will also caucus for Trump. He's attracted to Trump's stance on illegal immigration. "I go in houses and when I can't understand (immigrants) and they don't want to learn our language, it's harder for me to do my job."
He conceded his second choice was contradictory: Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, whose critics have blasted him for supporting a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented residents in the United States — "amnesty," in Trump's view.
It seems no accident that Trump, who opened his campaign in June by casting immigrants as drug pushers and rapists and pledged to build a huge wall on the Mexican border, chose Marshalltown. The city's population is about a quarter Hispanic vs. 6 percent statewide. In 2007, immigration enforcement raids at the meatpacking plant here made national news.
"If you don't have documentation, get the hell out of the country," said Michael Shawn Ecklor, 46, who was injured during the first Gulf War and says he's fought to get disability benefits. He now works as a janitor at the YMCA.
"I never had a reason to caucus for anybody," Ecklor said. He feels Trump will turn the country around and won't be weak. "He take no crap from nobody. I'm a Marine. I don't take crap, either."
Before Trump took the stage, controversial anti-immigration Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio endorsed him and credited Trump for elevating the issue. Trump has savaged Rubio and Jeb Bush for their moderate positions on the issue, trampling on the GOP establishment's hopes of attracting Hispanic voters.
A couple of young demonstrators, identifying themselves as Latinos, did cause a stir during the Trump rally and were escorted out. The crowd wasn't especially vocal about shutting them down, showing the mixed feelings here. The city's police chief released a statement before the event saying, "Marshalltown has been enriched by the arrival and contributions of immigrants to the community."
Just as often as immigration, people cited Trump's outspokenness and business background. Several said they were not bothered by Trump's past bankruptcies, which some rivals have tried to play up. Rather, they said, it made Trump more real.
"He bounced back. That goes a long way with me. It shows me he doesn't give up," said Bumsted, the man in the Trump cap.
"We finally have somebody now they can't put their thumb down on and make him fall in line because he doesn't take anyone's money," said Tom Cooper, 58, who moved to Iowa last year and said he will caucus for Trump. "The lobbyists can't get to him."
"I'm sick and tired of the politicians because they promise you this and promise you that and they get in there and don't do anything. This last round of voting we put Republicans in (control of Congress). What did they do? Nothing. I want somebody that's not a politician, that's not backed by large corporations and is bought and paid for."
Cindy Smiley, a 58-year-old loan officer, came in just before Trump began. She caucused last time for Rick Perry and is leaning toward Trump.
"Sometimes I think he's a little over the top, but he gets attention that way," she said. "I like that he doesn't want to take care of every other country and not ours. Our country is so far gone and he's our only hope to bring it back."
Contact Alex Leary at [email protected] Follow @learyreports.
Email Share +1 190 Shares
Two U.S. legal groups on Thursday filed briefs with Colombia's high court that urge it to recognize two same-sex couples' right to marry.
The New York City Bar Association cites last year's U.S. Supreme Court rulings that struck down a portion of the Defense of Marriage Act and California's Proposition 8 in a brief filed with the country's Constitutional Court on behalf of Luis Felipe Rodríguez Rodas and Edward Soto of Cali and Julio Albeyro Cantor Borbón and William Alberto Castro of Bogotá who challenged Inspector General Alejandro Ordóñez Maldonado's efforts to nullify their unions. It also notes that no federal court has ruled in support of state gay nuptials bans since the landmark decisions.
“The evolution of the cases that challenge legislation against marriage in the United States have made the great weight of scientific, legal and historic authority that is in favor of allowing same-sex marriages clear,” writes Hunter T. Carter. “The cases also demonstrate that the arguments against marriage between people of the same sex are easy to refute. And that they are often based on refuted science, animus or religious beliefs that should not be taken into account in the determination of public policy.”
The brief the Impact Litigation Project at American University Washington College of Law in D.C. filed with the Constitutional Court also cites the U.S. Supreme Court's DOMA and Prop 8 rulings. It additionally refers to marriage decisions in Massachusetts, South Africa, Brazil and Spain that upheld the “human dignity” of same-sex couples.
“Marriage provides dignity to married couples, dignity that unmarried couples cannot access,” reads the brief. “This reasoning is even more clear when the decision appeals to the humiliation that children of same-sex couples whose marriages are not recognized suffer.”
The Constitutional Court in 2011 ruled same-sex couples could legally register their relationships in two years if Colombian lawmakers did not pass a bill that would extend to them the same benefits heterosexuals receive through marriage.
The Colombian Senate last April overwhelmingly rejected a measure that would have allowed gays and lesbians to tie the knot.
A handful of same-sex couples have exchanged vows in the country since the Constitutional Court's deadline passed last June. Ordóñez has petitioned the tribunal to overturn rulings that allowed them to marry.
Rodríguez and Soto last June applied for a marriage license in Cali, but a notary rejected it on the grounds he did not have the authority to allow same-sex couples to marry. A judge subsequently ruled in favor of the men, but Ordóñez challenged the decision.
A Bogotá judge last July married Cantor and Castro after a court in the Colombian capital granted them a marriage license. Ordóñez two months later petitioned the Constitutional Court to block the union.
Cantor and Castro and Rodríguez and Soto specifically referenced the Constitutional Court's 2011 ruling in their petitions that urge it to recognize their right to marry.
The Constitutional Court on April 1 announced it would consider couples' cases.
It specifically asked government agencies to state whether they allow same-sex couples to marry or prevent them from doing so. The Constitutional Court also said it would accept amicus briefs and other submissions.
“The role of the constitution is to not force people to confirm to the wishes of the majority,” says the Impact Litigation Project in its brief. “Precisely, one of the roles of the constitution is to protect people from the wishes of their own majorities when they have resulted in the discrimination of minorities.”
Mauricio Albarracín Caballero, executive director of Colombia Diversa, a Colombian LGBT advocacy group, told the Washington Blade on Thursday the DOMA decision is a “very important point of reference” for the Constitutional Court.
“[It] can learn a lot from the Windsor case,” he said.
Neighboring Brazil is among the more than a dozen countries that have extended marriage rights to same-sex couples.
The Mexican Supreme Court on Tuesday ruled in favor of 39 people who challenged the constitutionality of a Oaxacan law that bans gay marriage. The same tribunal in 2012 ruled in favor of three same-sex couples who separately sought legal recourse — known as an “amparo” in the Mexican judicial system — that would allow them to marry in the state.
Gays and lesbians have been able to marry in Mexico City since 2010. Same-sex couples have also exchanged vows in Jalisco, Coloma, Chihuahua, Quintana Roo and other Mexican states as the issue gains additional traction in the country.
Chilean lawmakers continue to consider a bill that would allow same-sex couples to enter into civil unions. President Michelle Bachelet last year publicly backed marriage rights for gays and lesbians during her presidential campaign.
Lawmakers in neighboring Perú on Tuesday are scheduled to consider a civil unions bill.
Carter — whose husband is Colombian — testified before the Colombian Senate last year in support of the same-sex marriage bill that lawmakers struck down.
He noted in the brief he filed with the Constitutional Court on behalf of the New York City Bar Association that 64 percent of the population of North and South America live in jurisdictions that have extended marriage and other forms of legal recognition to same-sex couples. They include Canada, Uruguay, Argentina and 18 U.S. states and D.C.
“I'm a family member, a neighbor, and an investor; I'm a stakeholder,” Carter told the Blade. “Today we were able to present from the most auspicious and authoritative bar association in the United States a thorough review of the very considered legal judgment in U.S. courts, in every corner of the country from local to national, that marriage discrimination does not stand up to scrutiny as supported anything other than myths and harmful stereotypes.”
As a direct counter to President Obama's recent emphasis on the gap between rich and poor, the upcoming House Republican budget will focus on welfare reform and recommend a sweeping overhaul of social programs, including Head Start and Medicaid.
The push, led by Rep. Paul Ryan, returns the GOP's attention to a policy front that animated the party in the 1990s and signals Republicans' desire to expand their pitch to voters ahead of this year's midterm elections. This new effort comes after the party spent months fixated on combating the federal health-care law and engaged in intraparty squabbles over fiscal strategy.
On Monday, Ryan (R-Wis.), the House Budget Committee chairman, published an often stinging 204-page critique of the federal government's anti-poverty policies, questioning the efficacy of dozens of initiatives and underscoring where Republicans say consolidation or spending reductions are needed.
“There are nearly 100 programs at the federal level that are meant to help, but they have actually created a poverty trap,” Ryan said in an interview. “There is no coordination with these programs, and new ones are frequently being added without much consideration to how they affect other programs. We've got to fix the situation, and this report is a first step toward significant reform.”
Ryan said the report is a ­prelude to the House GOP's budget, which will be unveiled later this month, and a preemptive rebuttal to the president's budget, which will be released Tuesday.
Read the report House Republican poverty report A House Budget Committee report on poverty released Monday focuses on welfare reform and recommends a sweeping overhaul of social programs.
The report, titled “The War on Poverty: 50 Years Later,” features analysis of eight areas of federal policy: cash aid, education and job training, energy, food aid, health care, housing, social services, and veterans affairs. Most sections begin with a glance at the state of federal anti-poverty ­programs 50 years ago, when President Lyndon B. Johnson launched a “war on poverty,” and chart their evolution and expansion.
“This document is a precursor not only of our budget but of our larger project to introduce poverty reforms over the course of this year,” Ryan said. “The president may focus on inequality because he can't talk about growth. We're focused on upward mobility, speaking directly to people who have fallen through the cracks.”
Food stamps, low-income hous­ing, and a flurry of other social service programs and tax credits are also targeted in the report. Ryan said Republicans will soon offer specific prescriptions to the problems he outlines. Putting a comprehensive anti-poverty agenda alongside efforts to devise an alternative to the federal health-care law is a GOP priority, he said.
“Let's have the debate, let's show where we stand, and then let's solve the problems,” Ryan said. “It's time for an adult conversation as well as time to try to pass good, conservative legislation that can make a real difference.”
Ryan's staff has kept his welfare reform plan quiet — spending weeks polishing the report in the committee's office in the Cannon Building — as other issues including tax reform, immigration and foreign policy have dominated political talk at the Capitol.
But with many of the fiscal standoffs, such as the one over the debt ceiling, resolved, and with the president hitting the campaign trail to discuss income inequality, Ryan decided in the past week to come forward with his long-brewing report, with hints at many of the topics he will address in the upcoming Republican budget plan.
“He is trying to move us to a place where we ought to go,” said Rep. Tom Cole (R-Okla.), an ally of House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio.). “Paul Ryan remains our big-ideas guy, and he's helping us to get beyond statistics and to start talking about these issues in human terms.”
Ryan, who was Mitt Romney's running mate on the GOP presidential ticket in 2012, said Republicans are ready to engage with Democrats on one of the president's signature issues, hoping to move beyond the rhetoric of past campaigns and provide voters with a sense of which programs they would like to revamp.
Ryan and his aides are unsparing in how they take the hammer to current federal policies. On page after page, the report casts a critical eye on how the government administers money to the poor and related bureaucracies, using a bevy of academic literature and federal studies as evidence.
Ryan said the crux of the report is the conclusion that federal programs need to be entirely reimagined, with more than tweaks or axed appropriations, and that legislation this year should move toward broader solutions that solve what he thinks are structural weaknesses in how the government supports the poor.
“Because these programs are means-tested — meaning that benefits decline as recipients make more money — poor families face very high implicit marginal tax rates,” the report says. “The federal government effectively discourages them from making more money.”
According to the report, Head Start, a federal program for early-childhood education and nutrition, is “failing to prepare children for school,” and “a consolidated, well-funded system would be better.”
Medicaid, which provides health coverage to low-income families, is the object of a sharply worded review. “Medicaid coverage has little effect on patients' health,” the report says, adding that it imposes an “implicit tax on beneficiaries,” “crowds out private insurance” and “increases the likelihood of receiving welfare benefits.”
The report also suggests that the “breakdown” of the family is one of the main reasons that poverty afflicts so many Americans.
“Perhaps the single most important determinant of poverty is family structure,” the report says. “Poverty is most concentrated among broken families.”
Ryan said the report is a complement to his work on poverty over the past year, when he has traveled with Bob Woodson, a veteran community organizer, to meet with struggling residents of cities such as Cleveland, Indianapolis and San Antonio.
“In visit after visit, I've learned that we've got to stop measuring success by how much we spend and start measuring success by how much we help,” he said. “That's the debate we need to shift.”
In recent months, Democrats have pushed to increase the federal minimum wage, part of a campaign to make income inequality a keystone of their 2014 platform and portray the GOP as the less-compassionate party on poverty issues.
“It is time to give America a raise or elect more Democrats who will do it,” Obama said in a speech Friday to Democrats at their winter meeting in Washington.
Democrats on Capitol Hill are skeptical about Ryan's intentions, and they wonder whether the 44-year-old Republican is serious about working with Obama and other Democrats to pass bipartisan legislation on welfare reform, an issue that last saw major cross-party deliberations in 1996, when House Republicans worked with President Bill Clinton to pass landmark changes.
“The real test is what Republicans will put in their budget this year, and if past is prologue, this report is simply laying the groundwork to slash social ­safety-net programs,” said Rep. Chris Van Hollen (Md.), the ranking Democrat on the Budget Committee. “It's part of Mitt Romney's attack on the 47 percent. Now, I hope this time is different, but I fear it won't be.”
Ryan's associates said the congressman proved last year, when he brokered a budget deal with Senate Democrats, that he can build consensus across the aisle.
As he crafted the report, Ryan — a former adviser to the late Jack Kemp, a longtime GOP voice on poverty issues — consulted with a diverse group of conservative thinkers. Ryan counselor Yuval Levin, a policy analyst, played an instrumental role, as did the American Enterprise Institute's Arthur Brooks and the Brookings Institution's Ron Haskins.
Ryan also huddled with Iain Duncan Smith, a former leader of Britain's Conservative Party. Smith is well known in the United Kingdom for his attempts to better connect conservatives with the poor.
“We've been paying very close attention to the Tories and their think tanks,” Ryan said. “They've done a lot of work already, and we can learn from their experience, both their mistakes and their successes, so we can rework our welfare system and get people out of poverty and onto lives of self-sufficiency and dignity.”
House Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) said that House Republicans will offer a “combination of solutions” to voters this fall and that he supports Ryan as he builds the GOP's welfare reform plan.
“This conference has grown, with regard to the different things it wants to look at. People used to say we couldn't talk about these issues,” he said. “Now they have become a framework.”
CLEVELAND, Ohio - Ohio had the nation's eighth-largest foreign student enrollment in 2016 with 38,680 students, a 2.5 percent increase from 2015, according to an annual report.
But the number of new foreign students enrolling as freshmen in U.S. universities in 2016 decreased for the first time in years, while more U.S. students are studying abroad, the report states.
The Open Doors Report on International Educational Exchange, published by the Institute of International Education, was released Monday.
The national decline in new foreign students was more pronounced this fall, according to a survey of 522 colleges by the organization, the report says. And the current U.S. social and political environment presents challenges for future international student recruitment.
Ohio's ranking for foreign student enrollment has remained unchanged for several years. The state's fall 2015 enrollment was a 5.6 percent increase from the prior year.
Most students came into the state from China (39.9 percent), India (19.2 percent) and Saudi Arabia (11.1 percent).
Ohio State University had 7,684 international students in 2016, ranking first in the state and 17th in the U.S.
The University of Cincinnati ranked second in the state with 4,013 foreign students. It was followed by Kent State University (3,625), Miami University (2,654), Case Western Reserve University (2,565), Wright State University (2,372), University of Toledo (2,200), Cleveland State University (1,973), University of Dayton (1,837), Ohio University (1,588) and the University of Akron (1,367).
The nationwide number of American students studying abroad in 2015 increased by 4 percent from the prior year to 325,339. The number of American students studying abroad has more than tripled in the past two decades; however, the rate of growth had slowed following the financial crisis in 2008, the report said.
The number of Ohio students who studied abroad in 2015 was 14,136, compared to 12,868 in 2014.
U.S. colleges seek foreign students to bolster enrollment and their budgets, for those students generally pay full tuition and fees.
Overall, there was a 3.4 percent increase in total international student enrollment in 2016 compared to the year before, with the total of 1,078,822 exceeding 1 million for the second year.
The number of new international students, who enroll as freshmen, declined by nearly 10,000 students to about 291,000, a 3.3 percent decrease.
The largest enrollment growth was from international students who have graduated but remain classified as students at universities with student visas while working under the optional practical training program.
The international enrollment data is not a crisis but is "more of a wake-up call where this is the beginning of a flattening trend, " Rajika Bhandari, head of research, policy and practice at the Institute of International Education, which publishes the annual survey with funding from the U.S. State Department, told Inside Higher Ed. "There's a lot that institutions and others can be doing to still turn this around."
The institute cited the 2016 enrollment decline to global and local economic conditions, expanded higher education opportunities in other countries and declining populations.
"The scaling back of large Saudi and Brazil government scholarship programs were a significant factor, as the number of students from those two countries showed the biggest decreases at all levels, including non-degree study," officials said in a press release.
The institute conducted a 2017 fall enrollment survey of international students at 522 colleges. The colleges reported an average decrease of 7 percent of new students but 45 percent of schools reported declines while 31 percent reported increases.
The colleges cited several factors in declining enrollment, including competition from other countries, the cost of U.S. higher education, visa delays or denials, and an uncertain U.S. social and political climate, the institute said.
Institutions are concerned about recruitment for Fall 2018, particularly from the Middle East and North Africa and Asia.
Over half (52 percent) of institutions report that they are worried that the perceptions of prospective international students will be impacted, and that the current U.S. social and political climate could be a deterrent to U.S. study, the institute said.
However, only 20 percent of institutions indicate that some of their foreign students have expressed the desire to leave or have left the U.S. as a result of the current climate.
Many institutions have responded to the shifting social and political situation through a series of actions, such as alerting students about changes in U.S. policies (65 percent), issuing statements in support of international students (63 percent), and creating opportunities to discuss current U.S. events (54 percent).
For more data, infographics and resources on the 2017 Open Doors Report on International Educational Exchange, visit iie.org/Open-Doors.
In the city of Glasgow, you can experience paranormal phenomena for yourself!
Scottish UFO & Paranormal Conference 2019
Queen Margaret Union,
University of Glasgow,
22 University Avenue,
G12 8QN
Saturday 22nd June 2019
10am-6pm
Tickets £10 (AVAILABLE NOW! Email: spiscotland@gmail.com)
Here at the Scottish UFO and Paranormal Conference we have a great line up of guest speakers to take you on an exploration of the worlds beyond, daring to ask questions, putting forward new and exciting theories and bringing evidence to light which proves that our universe is truly stranger than we could possibly imagine.
Join us at our exciting events as we venture beyond this planet and take you on a trip through time and space: past, present and future!
Please note: you must be 16 or over to attend our conferences.
Advertisements
Photo by Thomas Peter/Reuters
Atlas Obscura on Slate is a blog about the world's hidden wonders. Like us on Facebook and Tumblr, or follow us on Twitter.
While the tiny Japanese village of Nagoro continues to shrink in the face of aging and industry, its population has managed to stay nearly constant thanks to one local artist who has set about creating life-size doll replicas of the residents as they move away or die.
Photo by Thomas Peter/Reuters
Photo by Thomas Peter/Reuters
Photo by Thomas Peter/Reuters
Photo by Thomas Peter/Reuters
When Japanese artist Tsukimi Ayano moved back to the little village where she was born, she found that many of her neighbors were moving out to bigger cities and the ones who were staying were often not long for the world. Faced with the slow death of the village she so loved, Ayano had an epiphany one day after creating a garden scarecrow (or kakashi) that was meant to look like her late father: Why stop there? Ayano began crafting other life-size dolls modeled on former locals, placing them all around the village in various states of action as their human counterparts would die or move off.
Photo by Thomas Peter/Reuters
Photo by Thomas Peter/Reuters
Advertisement
After continuously crafting these cloth doppelgangers for over a decade, she now has about 350 of the toy citizens. From random utility workers posed in the middle of a road repair to leisurely fishermen forever waiting for their catch on a riverbank to an entire classroom filled with lifeless pupils silently attending to their cotton-faced teachers, the village has become a fascinating (if slightly unsettling) toyland.
Ayano continues to tend to her creations, repairing damaged figures and always crafting new ones. With fewer than 40 breathing humans left in the residential community, Nagoro has become a strange fairyland inspired by loss, progress, and mainly, dolls.
Photo by Thomas Peter/Reuters
Photo by Thomas Peter/Reuters
Photo by Thomas Peter/Reuters
Photo by Thomas Peter/Reuters
Photo by Thomas Peter/Reuters
AUSTIN, Texas – Whole Foods Market in Austin, Texas is voluntarily recalling Maytag Raw Milk Blue Cheese nationally due to possible contamination with Listeria monocytogenes.
Listeria monocytogenes is an organism, which can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, frail or elderly people, and others with weakened immune systems. Although healthy individuals may suffer only short-term symptoms such as high fever, severe headache, stiffness, nausea, abdominal pain and diarrhea, Listeria monocytogenes infection can cause miscarriages and stillbirths among pregnant women.
No illnesses have been reported in connection with this recall to date.
The recalled cheese was sold cut and packaged in clear plastic wrap with scale labels in various weights reading “Maytag Blue Raw Milk,” “Maytag Blue” or “Maytag Iowa Blue Cheese” and with PLU numbers beginning with 293308 and “sell-by” dates of 1/20/2016 and 3/21/16. The product was sold from cheese cases in various Whole Foods Market stores nationwide. Out of an abundance of caution, Whole Foods Market is recalling the products from all of its stores nationwide.
The potential for contamination was discovered after testing by the State of Iowa revealed the presence of Listeria monocytogenes in two lots of product. Maytag Dairy Farms has voluntarily suspended production and distribution while the company collaborates with FDA and the State of Iowa to determine the cause of the problem.
Customers who have purchased this product should discard it, and may bring their receipt into the store for a full refund. Consumers with questions may call 512-477-5566, extension 20060, Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Central Daylight Time.
###
Azzarello and Risso fans will get drunk off this werewolf prohibition story
Image Comics is pleased to announce that author Brian Azzarello (ALPHA KING) and artist Eduardo Risso, the New York Times bestselling, Eisner Award winning creative team that redefined the crime genre with 100 Bullets, have reunited for an all-new gangster tale with a horror-twist in MOONSHINE.
As an added treat for fans, the series is set to launch this October—making it the perfect Halloween read—and features a variant cover by legendary comics creator, Frank Miller.
Set during Prohibition, and deep in the backwoods of Appalachia, MOONSHINE #1 tells the story of Lou Pirlo, a city-slick “torpedo” sent from New York City to negotiate a deal with the best moonshiner in West Virginia, one Hiram Holt. What Lou doesn't figure on is that Holt is just as cunning and ruthless as any NYC crime boss. Because not only will Holt do anything to protect his illicit booze operation, he'll stop at nothing to protect a much darker family secret...a bloody, supernatural secret that must never see the light of day… or better still, the light of the full moon.
"It's killer to be working with Eduardo again on a project that we've been dying to get to,” said Azzarello. “Like 100 Bullets, the high concept is a grabber, but the heart of the story is dealing with an extremely fractured ‘hero' (Gangster, Lou Pirlo). He's one of the most complex characters I've written in a long time and I can't wait to dig into his many sides… seedy and otherwise.”
Risso added: “Being back together with Azzarello is always a pleasure. And to now be at Image, with the freedom to do what we do best, is an added thrill. This time around I'm doing my own coloring so that's a new approach and I look forward to hearing what our fans think about it. It's important as creators to keep challenging yourselves and I think we're doing that with Moonshine!”
MOONSHINE #1 Cover A by Risso (Diamond Code AUG160556) and Cover B by Miller (Diamond Code AUG160557) will hit comic book stores on Wednesday, October 5th. The final order cutoff deadline for retailers is Monday, September 12th.
Back in 2014, in response to the growing demand for URLs, ICANN (the Internet Corporation of Assigned Names and Numbers, the organisation that oversees the administration of domain names) released a range new generic TLDs such as .coffee, .bike, and .design. Since then, demand has only continued to grow, with the list of generic TLDs recently hitting 1000 different available extensions. According to Aliesha Ellington at Umbrellar Domains ‘these niche domains present a number of unique SEO and online marketing opportunities and we're now really starting to see the beginning of a trend towards these less traditional options”.
pixabay
While the internet revolution of the late 90's may have crowned .com the king of the internet, he is very much in danger of losing his crown, with over 9 million generic TLD domains registered. Many new startups and online businesses often find that their ideal .com domain is already taken, or perhaps is owned by a domain broker who's looking to make a tidy profit off it. As more and more .com domains became unavailable, entrepreneurs are looking for alternative options when setting up their online presence – and so begins, what may well be, the decline of .com.
Why choose a generic TLD?
If your dream .com domain is taken, an obvious alternative is a more specific country code TLD, such as .nz, or .co.uk. These are great for local businesses who want to target their efforts on their home turf, but with the internet making the world a smaller place, online businesses often want to reach out further afield. Generic TLDs span far and wide, from industry specific examples like .design or .rentals to community or campaign themed extensions such as .club, .promo or .foundation. It can require some careful consideration, but choosing the right generic TLD will really help to tell the story of your brand or business, right there in your domain name.
pixabay
Leaving .com behind isn't just for new startups or small businesses either. For instance, The Hunger Games franchise changed their primary domain for the release of their penultimate film to TheHungerGames.movie, whilst Lady Gaga opted for BornThisWay.foundation as the primary domain for her organisation and Paris Fashion Week chose a .buzz extension for their major event.
Creating new branding opportunities
A creative and unique domain name will be memorable in the minds of your customers long after they've interacted with your site. You may have a .com domain name that works great for your business - but the opportunities that generic TLDs present aren't limited to your primary domain. Say your company has a loyalty program or VIP membership of some sort. Have you considered a separate domain for those people such as your companyname.club? There are a huge number of options for using a generic TLD for promotional and marketing activity. Specials or promotions could be given a dedicated .sale or .promo domain. Consider a .win for contests and .event or .buzz to generate excitement about specific upcoming conferences or activities.
pixabay
Using these unique TLDs strategically mean that you can create a very marketable domain, and with some effort, it can be a valuable tool when it comes to customer engagement and driving visitors further into your own primary site.
But will a generic TLD affect my SEO?
There are still of a lot of studies looking at how using a non-traditional domain affects your sites SEO, but the consensus is that it won't hurt your rankings. Despite a few exampless floating around of sites with a generic TLD outperforming .com in search rankings, Google has spelled out, more than once, that a TLD will make no difference to your search ranking. A blog on their Webmaster Central blog states “Keywords in a TLD do not give any advantage OR disadvantage in a search”. Businesses are free to choose a domain to the best suit their brand, and not worry about their SEO efforts.
However, an interesting study in the Search Engine Journal found that using a keyword rich TLD may deliver some benefit when it comes to Google Ads campaigns. They ran two identical Google Ads campaigns s- one for .com, and one for .diamonds. After some time, they found that the cost per click was cheaper on the .diamonds campaign and those clicks also converted better than .com. Of course, always be sure to run your own testing, but securing a generic TLD may be a consideration for your next Google Ads campaign.
So what about .com?
.com domains are still around, and whilst their growth may not be as strong as it once was, the extension won't be disappearing any time soon. A .com domain has, and still does carry a lot of credibility behind it, and even businesses that have ventured down the path of generic TLDs will still often have a .com presence as well.
Brand protection should also be a consideration when choosing your domain name. If it is feasible, registering a number of domain extensions for your company, including .com and any relevant generic extensions, is the best practise to prevent cybersquatting, the act of securing ‘brand' domain names to sell back to a company for a profit. Use domain forwarding or redirection to your advantage!
Posted on 11 April 2009 by HansKlopek
This just in: it is possible for a movie starring Seth Rogen to not be good.
I've been heavily invested in the rise of Rogen over the past few years. Ever since I watched Freaks and Geeks on DVD, I've pretty much been in love with the guy. When he popped up in The 40 Year Old Virgin, I saw this irreverently funny guy who seemed to have a heart of gold and the potential for super stardom. Unless you've been living under a rock for the past three years, you know he has reached those heights. Knocked Up, Superbad, and Pineapple Express were all big comedy hits, cementing Rogen as the comedy star of the moment.
This guy has chosen pretty well. For one thing, he has stayed attached to Judd Apatow's hip and has recognized the value of generating his own material, as he cowrote both the Pineapple and Superbad scripts. With Zack and Miri Make a Porno, he proved that he could be both a raunchy hero and a solid romantic lead. He also just supplied his voice to Monsters vs. Aliens, demonstrating that–I don't know, he realizes there is money in that kind of shit.
With Funny People, his latest collaboration with director Apatow, coming out this summer and The Green Hornet getting ready to shoot, Rogen is geared to be on top of the world for at least the next few years. I have to say I'm pretty psyched about this–it kind of redeemed my faith in American audiences when they embraced a guy who was so average looking and perpetuated such a filthy brand of comedy. Rogen is making everyone a little bit cooler.
With Observe and Report, I was skeptical; it really is Rogen's first time on his own outside of Team Apatow. The trailers were kind of funny, but I couldn't put my finger on why. If the lead character didn't work, it didn't seem like there were any good supporting characters to plug the holes. Rogen's a comedy mad man though–I figured he could pull it off.
He most assuredly did not. Observe and Report is Rogen's Nacho Libre; just as Jack Black thought his presence was the only necessity in making that film funny, Rogen has the same philosophy here. He plays a character so loud, obnoxious, unpleasant, ignorant, and racist that it is hard to understand why anyone wanted to make this movie. I wanted my money back.
Rogen plays a mall security guard named Ronnie Barnhart, a jackass who takes his menial job very, very seriously. Convinced of his own honor and superiority, Ronnie sees it as his sworn duty to protect the mall from all who would disturb it. The fact that these perpetrators are usually just skateboarding kids, shoplifters, or the occassional flasher in the parking lot means nothing to him–any crime, big or small, will incur his wrath.
That flasher that I mentioned is the first thing to grab his attention. Ronnie makes it his personal mission to solve this crime. The joke (and a very sophisticated one at that) is that he is too stupid to do it. So he yells, comes to idiotic conclusions, singles out minority employees as possible perps. He vows to protect one of the flasher's victims, Brandi (Anna Faris), a stupid, slutty cosmetics girl that Ronnie has a crush on, something that makes him even less worthy of our respect.
When a shoe store at the mall is vandalized, the real police, led by Officer Harris (Ray Liotta), come in to investigate. Ronnie wants to be a cop but doesn't want the police horning in on his case. He and Harris walk around the mall and question employees about suspicious activity. Ronnie so bungles each of these encounters that Harris could probably arrest him for interfering with an investigation. I wish he would have, since achieving a high level of obnoxiousness is clearly on Ronnie's list of daily priorities.
I really don't know how writer/director Jody Hill wants us to look at Ronnie. On one hand, Hill is simply amused by how idiotic he is, but being a lovable if dim goof isn't the same as being a vehement sociopath. The movie reminded me a lot of Big daddies, and that isn't a good thing. In both films, we get a character who is both such an asshole and such a schlub that it is hard to root for him to any degree.
The movie works off something of the same premise as Taxi Driver, as Ronnie, a loner convinced of his own moral superiority, tries to come to the aid of people who don't want or necessarily need it. I thought this was kind of a funny idea, but the film places him at the center of the story without a trace of irony; I guess Hill just thinks Rogen coming down an escalator with his arms folded and his turkey neck sticking out is a funny image. The whole premise just feels half-baked, like something you would say to start a movie but then hammer out a little bit better.
I won't bore you by continuing to bag on this movie. I didn't like it and I don't recommend that anybody see it. It got on my nerves, and I was kind of offended by its existence. I think it's good that Seth Rogen failed at least once though–as his star climbs, I think this can only benefit him. He tried to go too far too fast with this one, forsaking his irreverent but lovable stoner persona and replacing it with a violent, aggressive dick persona. He obviously hadn't figured out what was funny about this guy and how to best express that. Learning experience for the future, I guess.
Anyway, don't see it. Out.
Microsoft announced on July 9 plans to buy Perceptive Pixel, a six-year-old maker of high-performance multi-touch workstations and "wall solutions."
Terms of the deal were not disclosed.
According to the Perceptive Pixel site, its patented technology is used in broadcast, government, defense, energy, higher education, engineering and product design. Multi-touch expert and researcher Jeff Han is the founder of Perceptive Pixel.
"Our innovative, multi-touch platform enables professionals to become more productive, make better and faster decisions, improve results, and collaborate and present their ideas more effectively."
Perceptive Pixel unveiled earlier this year its first-ever simultaneous pen and touch solution.
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer announced the purchase during the first keynote of Microsoft's worldwide partner conference in Toronto.
Officials from Perceptive Pixel demonstrated a Windows 8-based demons tration of OneNote, Microsoft's electronic note-taking app, on a large screen on stage at the show. They also showed off an ad-hoc collaboration called Storyboard on the large multitouch screen. Ballmer emphasized Skype and Lync also would be good applications to show off on the new hardware.
Currently, Perceptive Pixel's hardware tends to sell for $180,000. $80,000. But Microsoft plans to work on making it more affordable, Ballmer said.
Microsoft is not a stranger to large-size displays. The company has been working on table-sized multitouch tables -- formerly known as Surface, but now known as PixelSense. The latest version of those table/kiosk-size devices are made by Samsung.
Researchers have found a type of 'hot atomic' hydrogen atom in an upper layer of Earth's atmosphere - where our current understanding of physics says they shouldn't be able to exist.
The discovery could completely overhaul our understanding of how Earth's atmosphere works, including how hydrogen cycles around it, and how it protects our planet and technology from harsh space weather such as solar storms.
"Hot H atoms had been theorised to exist at very high altitudes, above several thousand kilometres, but our discovery that they exist as low as 250 kilometres [155 miles] was truly surprising," said lead researcher Lara Waldrop from the University of Illinois.
"This result suggests that current atmospheric models are missing some key physics that impacts many different studies, ranging from atmospheric escape to the thermal structure of the upper atmosphere."
Hot atoms are atoms with high amounts of translational energy, which means they're moving very fast. These are formed when a molecule adheres to a surface, releasing a hydrogen atom with high amounts of energy.
Because hydrogen atoms are so light, they can easily overcome a planet's gravitational pull and permanentaly escape into interplanetary space - in fact, that's how Mars ended up losing most of its water.
Based on that, researchers had long expected the presence of these hot atomic hydrogen atoms in the very top levels of the atmosphere.
But it wasn't thought they could exist in a level known as the thermosphere, which begins around 85 kilometres (53 miles) above the Earth's surface and stretches up to 500 kilometres (311 miles) above our planet, and houses many of our orbiting satellites.
NASA
But that's what the researchers have now found, using the sensing abilities of NASA's Thermosphere Ionosphere Mesosphere Energetics and Dynamics (TIMED) satellite.
It's a big deal, because these hydrogen atoms play a crucial role in the physics governing Earth's upper atmosphere, and act as an important shield for our planet from solar flares. They also protect objects like satellites against the harsh space environment.
The team was able to figure out the amount of hydrogen atoms in the upper atmosphere, because atomic hydrogen scatters the Sun's ultraviolet radiation. By measuring the amount of this light that was being scattered using the TIMED satellite, the team was able to calculate the abundance and also spatial distribution of hydrogen.
But when the team first got their data, they couldn't make sense of what they were looking at, because hot hydrogen atoms were never supposed to be in the thermosphere.
"Classical assumptions about upper atmospheric physics didn't allow for the presence of hot H atoms at these heights," said one of the team members Jianqi Qin. "Once we changed our approach to avoid this unphysical assumption, we were able to correctly interpret the data for the first time."
With their new model, the researchers showed that the less solar activity there is, the hotter hydrogen atoms there are in the thermosphere - which will help us better understand how our atmosphere works in the future.
"Our analysis of the TIMED data led to the counter-intuitive finding that the temperature of the H atoms in the thermosphere increases significantly with declining solar activity, in contrast to the ambient atmospheric temperature, which decreases with declining solar activity," said Qin.
The team also found that the present of hot hydrogen atoms in the thermosphere significantly affects the distribution of regular hydrogen atoms throughout the rest of the atmosphere.
But the big question now is where these hot hydrogen atoms come from, which is still a mystery.
"We know that there must be a source of hot H atoms, either in the local thermosphere or in more distant layers of the atmosphere, but we do not have a solid answer yet," said Waldrop.
"We will definitely keep working on this puzzle, because knowledge about the H density distribution is critical to the investigation of our atmospheric system as well as its response to space weather, which affects many space-based technologies that are so important for our modern society," added Qin.
The research has been published in Nature Communications.
If you want to sample the world's first animal to be genetically engineered in the name of dinner, good luck finding it. If, on the other hand, you would never eat such a thing – good luck avoiding it.
Tons of lab-developed salmon was sold in Canada last year without any packaging labeling it as a product of science, and the company that created and raises the fish, AquaBounty, won't release the names of food distributors it sells to.
GM salmon hits shelves in Canada – but people may not know they're buying it Read more
Giant restaurant supply companies, such as Sysco, deny ever having carried the product. Grocery store chains far and wide – including Costco, Sobeys and Loblaws – say they have not, and will not, stock it. Restaurants Canada, the industry group for the country's food service industry, says it has not heard any chatter about the fish.
At least five of the 121,000 tons of salmon farmed in Canada last year was genetically modified, engineered to grow faster and with less food. To shoppers – given no prior warning or labelling information – the product would be impossible to distinguish from regular salmon. Labeling for genetically modified foods is not required by law in the US or Canada.
But where, exactly, did the company sell it?
“We do not disclose the names of our customers, but they have been very positive about our product, stating that it was very high quality in terms of appearance, texture and taste,” said a company spokesman, Dave Conley.
AquaBounty Technologies, which created the first genetically modified fish in the world, announced this year that it had sold five tons of transgenic salmon in Canada – last year. The company made no announcement when it started stocking store shelves with the fish, a decision that has come under fire.
“For all the time and investment that went into the world's first genetically modified food animal, there was no public notice, there was no announcement about this market breakthrough,” said Lucy Sharratt, coordinator of the Canadian Biotechnology Network.
“The genetically modified salmon was put on the Canadian market under a cloak of secrecy where Canadians did not even know it was on the market,” she said. Sharratt herself only found out about the sale of transgenic salmon after reading a news story.
Genetically modified organisms (GMOs) sold as food are labeled in 64 countries, and surveys have shown that Canadians and Americans also want GMOs – and particularly transgenic animals – to be labeled. Supporters of the technology argue it could increase plant and animal productivity, and stave off hunger as the human population grows and climate change becomes more severe. Repeated literature reviews have not found harm to human health from plants that have already entered the food supply.
However, because any gene from the biosphere can be used to produce a genetic modification, the nutritional value of foods could change, as could the behavioral traits of engineered animals. A recent report found plants designed to be herbicide resistant are fueling the use of glyphosate, the weed killer found in Monsanto's Roundup that has been linked to cancer. Critics also argue that surveillance of GMO's effects has been lax and made more difficult without labeling.
The world's first genetically modified fish farm is a subsidiary of Intrexon, a $2.2bn company headed by Randal Kirk, a self-made billionaire. Kirk, who claims he taught himself to read when he was three years old and is an avid falconer, believes Intrexon has a chance to become “one of the great companies of the world”.
“These are products of technology, not government decisions or social policy making,” said Kirk at the 2016 World Food Prize event. The meeting is sponsored by the world's largest agribusiness companies, such as Monsanto and Archer Daniels Midland. Kirk called “technophobia” his company's “chief impediment”.
“The debate – supposed debate, the faux debate, if you will – around the adoption of technology frequently takes odd paths. One will receive questions like, ‘Uh, GMO, gee, how do you feel about the ethics of that?'” he said, posing a mock question. “Ethics – I'm sorry, I did study ethics.
“The idea of simply masking fear by calling it ethics is absurd,” he said. Intrexon declined to comment on this story.
In addition to AquaBounty, Kirk's companies make apples that don't brown (Arctic apples); mosquitoes designed to die (through its subsidiary Oxitec); and clones of pets or livestock (Viagen). The organization is working on peaches resistant to plum pox, fast-growing tilapia and a cure for cancer.
At the World Food Prize event, Kirk went on to describe how Intrexon had “fixed the main problem of the apple”. The company altered an enzyme that breaks down the apples once they are cut – nature's way of releasing seeds into the environment.
“People don't really want whole apples – they want pre-sliced apples,” Kirk told the crowd. “This may actually be and become the most preferred GMO food, at least to date. It's almost impossible to find someone who has tried it who doesn't love it.”
Intrexon is no stranger to controversy. Near Key West, Florida, last year, Oxitec aggressively pursued an experiment that would have released genetically modified mosquitoes into the environment. The male bugs are designed to breed with wild female mosquitoes and produce offspring that never reach maturity. The public opposed the experiment, especially in the community where it was supposed to take place; 65% voted against it in a referendum.
Canada sued over approval of genetically modified salmon scheme Read more
“Opening this Pandora's box – sometimes you don't see the impact until five, 10, 15 years down the road,” Keys real estate agent and activist Mila De Mier told the Guardian last year, at the height of debate.
“I'm not against genetically modified at all,” she said. “Sometimes, I don't know what I put on my table, but that's the difference – it's about choice,” she said. “Permission has not been asked or given… This is only for Oxitec's benefit.”
Whether Kirk's salmon business is viable, however, remains to be seen. AquaBounty appears to be losing money. The company earned only $53,000 through its salmon sales, according to public reports. It lost $2.1m the same year. Intrexon's stock price has lost most of its value since a record high in July 2015, dropping from $64 per share to around $18 at the time of publication.
Public opinion in North America is decidedly in favor of labeling genetically modified foods. A 2014 Consumer Reports poll found an astounding 92% of Americans in favor of labeling genetically modified salmon.
Sharratt described Intrexon's work as “part of changing our idea of what food is”.
“That apples now come in plastic bags in slices, or fish are genetically modified and grown in farms,” she said. “Do we need non-browning apples, genetically engineered, when we already have naturally non-browning varieties of apples, and we have one of nature's most perfect fruits without it being packaged in a plastic bag?”
Nevertheless, Kirk's bet could pay off. The CEO has rightly identified the salmon market as enormous. The US imported $3bn worth of salmon in 2016, or roughly 339,000 tons of fresh and frozen fish.
Aquaculture, or fish farming, as an industry has grown at a steady 5.8% clip worldwide since 2005, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association. The business is currently dominated by countries such as China and Vietnam.
In part of Kirk's World Food Prize speech, he argued consumers did not need to understand the mechanics of a technology before adopting it, using the public's willingness to use the smartphone as an example.
“I think our society is definitely setting a record,” said Kirk. “There's never been another generation of man who has been so dependent on technology we don't understand.”
Which college football team has the best entrance in the country?
It's truly impossible to decide, but that‘s exactly what I'm about to do. What follows is an extremely subjective ranking of the 25 best entrances in college football, skewed heavily toward those featuring animals and/or vehicles. Some schools lost points for not having cool YouTube videos of their entrances. Others were ranked lower after I got tired of watching people in helmets run onto a field.
Without further ado, here's the list you're going to hate no matter what.
Thanks to SI's Dan Gartland and Stanley Kay for their input. Also, one more reminder that this is purely subjective.
25. Arizona State
This awaits the players leading to the field. Tillman leading the team out every game. #chills #amazing #inspiring pic.twitter.com/K4TZaK5O3M — Sun Devil Equipment (@SunDevilEquip) September 4, 2013
The Tillman Tunnel blends sports and the military, which isn't unusual, but it's one of the few examples that actually feels authentic. A new statue of Tillman in the north end zone will be touched by the team before it takes the field.
24. Penn State
Arguably the loudest student section in the country. “Let's Go P-S-U” wouldn't be cool if it wasn't yelled at deafening decibels.
23. Florida State
Something about a “war chant” and Chief Osceola just doesn't feel right in 2016. The use of the Seminole mascot is actually more complicated than people think. For now, I'll leave FSU on the list for theatrics and symmetry alone, and because I'm scared of #FSUTwitter.
22. Hawaii
Another entrance that's rooted in the connotation of war, Hawaii's Haka dance is at the very least extremely intimidating.
21. Texas A&M
A cool entrance, but too much burden is carried by the band here.
20. North Carolina State
Running along a wolf statue is pretty dope. Wolves are underrated animals. If NC State wants the top spot though, they're going to need a live wolf as opposed to a statue.
19. Oregon
Again, let's try to get a real duck on that Harley and we may be onto something.
18. Air Force
It's not so much what Air Force players do themselves, but the fact that the opponents' tunnel has signs reminding players about the elevation. That is some solid, institutional trash talk.
17. Ohio State
Dotting the i!
16. Michigan
This is a neat tradition, but the “M Club Supports You” tagline cheapens it the slightest bit.
15. Arkansas
Props to Arkansas for a multi-level entrance. I love the little hog pen, and running through an “A” is also very cool.
14. Nebraska
The Tunnel Walk does a great job of building an impending burst of emotion. This is simple and always well executed.
13. East Carolina
Purple haze and pirates don't really go together, but something about the ludicrousness of this whole operation really appeals to me.
12. Miami (FL)
Of course, when we're talking about smoke, you can't forget about The U, who (slightly dubiously) get credit for starting the trend. It's not the coolest entrance ever, but it gets bonus points for creating all the copycats.
11. Auburn
Manipulating a bird so it knows exactly when, how and how high to fly will always feel like wizardry to me. If Auburn could get a tiger to fly though? Game over.
10. Army
A parachute team? Come on. That alone is worth the price of admission.
9. Notre Dame
“Play Like a Champion Today” is super hokey and Lou Holtz has become kind of a nutjob, but hell if this entrance doesn't just work.
8. Tennessee
Running through letters is cool, and a “T” seems like maybe the best one to run through.
7. Texas Tech
Nowhere near enough entrances utilize masks. And who didn't love bandits growing up? (Just me? Fine. It's my list.) The use of the horse really helps here too.
6. Georgia Tech
We live in a world lacking jalopies. Outside of Chet from The Hardy Boys novels, I don't know anyone who drives one. That shoots the Yellow Jackets high up my list.
5. Colorado
A buffalo is such a ridiculously large animal that has no place on a football field. Props to Colorado for having mascot-entrance synergy.
4. Oklahoma
For me, the Sooner Schooner is the irresistible combination of animals and vehicles coming together for one awesome entrance.
3. South Carolina
I'm not sure I'll ever understand the meaning of Stanley Kubrick's masterpiece 2001: A Space Odyssey, but the music makes for a damn fine college football hype-up.
2. Virginia Tech
This entrance is one of the purest slices of Americana you will ever experience.
1. Clemson
I still don't know how no one has torn up a knee trying to make it down that hill. It looks legitimately terrifying. This entrance is No. 1 not only because it's soaked in tradition, but because the degree of difficulty is easily the highest on this list.
The following is a list of all forty exhibits that financial analyst Charles Ortel plans to release, one per day, starting on the evening of September 6th, 2016. As he releases them, we'll add links to each exhibit. Ortel's conclusion from his independent audit? The Clinton Foundation has committed massive charity fraud. Ortel first ennumerated his exhibits on page seven of this document, posted May 22, 2016.
WEEK #1 #1. Tues., September 6: Fundraising Activities in the Name of the Clinton Foundation—October 1997 through January 2001
Fundraising Activities in the Name of the Clinton Foundation—October 1997 through January 2001 #2. Wed., September 7: Fundraising Activities in the Name of the Clinton Foundation for the William J. Clinton Peace Centre in Enniskillen, Northern Ireland—Starting after 1998
Fundraising Activities in the Name of the Clinton Foundation for the William J. Clinton Peace Centre in Enniskillen, Northern Ireland—Starting after 1998 #3. Thurs., September 8: Undisclosed Administrative Proceedings Against Persons Who Exercised Significant Influence Over Clinton Foundation Activities
Undisclosed Administrative Proceedings Against Persons Who Exercised Significant Influence Over Clinton Foundation Activities #4. Fri., September 9: Fundraising Activities in the Name of the Clinton Foundation for the William J. Clinton Scholars Program at American University in Dubai—Starting after 2000
Fundraising Activities in the Name of the Clinton Foundation for the William J. Clinton Scholars Program at American University in Dubai—Starting after 2000 #5. Sat., September 10: Undisclosed Activities in the Name of American India Foundation Allegedly Providing Earthquake Relief in Gujarat, India—Starting in January 2001 WEEK #2 #6. Sun., September 11: Undisclosed Activities Working With MindSpirit LLC, Rajat Gupta, and InfoUSA—Starting after January 2001
Undisclosed Activities Working With MindSpirit LLC, Rajat Gupta, and InfoUSA—Starting after January 2001 #7. Mon., September 12: Undisclosed Activities Organizing, Helping to Operate, and Fundraising for International AIDS Trust—Starting around January 2001
Undisclosed Activities Organizing, Helping to Operate, and Fundraising for International AIDS Trust—Starting around January 2001 #8. Tues., September 13: Undisclosed Activities in the Name of the Clinton Foundation Allegedly Fighting HIV/AIDS Internationally—Starting in July 2002
Undisclosed Activities in the Name of the Clinton Foundation Allegedly Fighting HIV/AIDS Internationally—Starting in July 2002 #9. Wed., September 14: Undisclosed Activities Working With Ron Burkle and Yucaipa Companies—Starting in 2002
Undisclosed Activities Working With Ron Burkle and Yucaipa Companies—Starting in 2002 #10. Thurs., September 15: False and Materially Misleading Organization and Operation of Clinton Foundation HIV/AIDS Initiative, Inc. (“Old CHAI”)—Starting in March 2004
False and Materially Misleading Organization and Operation of Clinton Foundation HIV/AIDS Initiative, Inc. (“Old CHAI”)—Starting in March 2004 #11. Fri., September 16: Submission of False and Materially Misleading Disclosures to Government Authorities—Concerning 2003 and Prior Years
Submission of False and Materially Misleading Disclosures to Government Authorities—Concerning 2003 and Prior Years #12. Sat., September 17: False and Materially Misleading Accounting for Construction of the Presidential Library and for a Donation to the National Archives and Records Administration—on 18 November 2004 WEEK #3 #13. Sun., September 18: False and Materially Misleading Accounting for Loans Secured to Fund Construction of the Little Rock, Arkansas Complex—During 2004
False and Materially Misleading Accounting for Loans Secured to Fund Construction of the Little Rock, Arkansas Complex—During 2004 #14. Mon., September 19: Illegal Operation and False, Materially Misleading Disclosures Concerning Old CHAI—During 2005
Illegal Operation and False, Materially Misleading Disclosures Concerning Old CHAI—During 2005 #15. Tues., September 20: Fundraising Operations in the Name of the Clinton Foundation Allegedly Providing Tsunami Relief—Starting in January 2005
Fundraising Operations in the Name of the Clinton Foundation Allegedly Providing Tsunami Relief—Starting in January 2005 #16. Wed., September 21: Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Alliance for a Healthier Generation—Starting in May 2005
Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Alliance for a Healthier Generation—Starting in May 2005 #17. Thurs., September 22: Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Bush Clinton Katrina Fund—Starting in August 2005
Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Bush Clinton Katrina Fund—Starting in August 2005 #18. Fri., September 23: Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Clinton Global Initiative (CGI)—Starting by September 2005
Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Clinton Global Initiative (CGI)—Starting by September 2005 #19. Sat., September 24: Submission of False and Materially Misleading Disclosures to Government Authorities—Concerning 2004 and Prior Years WEEK #4 #20. Sun., September 25: Arrangement of “Sham” Merger of Old CHAI into the Clinton Foundation—Effective 31 December 2005
Arrangement of “Sham” Merger of Old CHAI into the Clinton Foundation—Effective 31 December 2005 #21. Mon., September 26: Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Clinton Hunter Development Initiative—Starting in 2006
Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Clinton Hunter Development Initiative—Starting in 2006 #22. Tues., September 27: Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Clinton Climate Initiative (CCI)—Starting in August 2006
Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Clinton Climate Initiative (CCI)—Starting in August 2006 #23. Wed., September 28: Deceptive Procurement of Strategic Partnership with UNITAID—by September 2006
Deceptive Procurement of Strategic Partnership with UNITAID—by September 2006 #24. Thurs., September 29: Submission of False and Materially Misleading Disclosures to Government Authorities—Concerning 2005 and Prior Years
Submission of False and Materially Misleading Disclosures to Government Authorities—Concerning 2005 and Prior Years #25. Fri., September 30: Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Clinton-Giustra Sustainable Growth Initiative (CGSGI)—Starting in June 2007
Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Clinton-Giustra Sustainable Growth Initiative (CGSGI)—Starting in June 2007 #26. Sat., October 1: Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of William J. Clinton Foundation UK—Starting in July 2007 WEEK #5 #27. Sun., October 2: Submission of False and Materially Misleading Disclosures to Government Authorities—Concerning 2006 and Prior Years
Submission of False and Materially Misleading Disclosures to Government Authorities—Concerning 2006 and Prior Years #28. Mon., October 3: Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Gulf Coast Recovery Fund—Starting September 2008
Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Gulf Coast Recovery Fund—Starting September 2008 #29. Tues., October 4: Deceptive Procurement of a Memorandum of Understanding with President Obama's Transition Team—Starting in November 2008
Deceptive Procurement of a Memorandum of Understanding with President Obama's Transition Team—Starting in November 2008 #30. Wed., October 5: Submission of False and Materially Misleading Disclosures to Government Authorities—Concerning 2007 and Prior Years
Submission of False and Materially Misleading Disclosures to Government Authorities—Concerning 2007 and Prior Years #31. Thurs., October 6: Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of William J. Clinton Foundation Corporation (Florida)—Starting in June 2009
Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of William J. Clinton Foundation Corporation (Florida)—Starting in June 2009 #32. Fri., October 7: Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Clinton Global Initiative, Inc. (CGI)—Starting in September 2009
Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Clinton Global Initiative, Inc. (CGI)—Starting in September 2009 #33. Sat., October 8: Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Clinton Health Access Initiative, Inc. (CHAI)—Starting in September 2009 WEEK #6 #34. Sun., October 9: Submission of False and Materially Misleading Disclosures to Government Authorities—Concerning 2008 and Prior Years
Submission of False and Materially Misleading Disclosures to Government Authorities—Concerning 2008 and Prior Years #35. Mon., October 10: Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Clinton Bush Haiti Fund—Starting in January 2010
Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Clinton Bush Haiti Fund—Starting in January 2010 #36. Tues., October 11: Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Alliance for a Healthier Generation, Inc.—Starting in February 2010
Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Alliance for a Healthier Generation, Inc.—Starting in February 2010 #37. Wed., October 12: Undisclosed Activities Working With Laureate Education, Inc.—Starting in 2010
Undisclosed Activities Working With Laureate Education, Inc.—Starting in 2010 #38. Thurs., October 13: Submission of False and Materially Misleading Disclosures to Government Authorities—Concerning 2009 and Prior Years
Submission of False and Materially Misleading Disclosures to Government Authorities—Concerning 2009 and Prior Years #39. Fri., October 14: Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Clinton Health Access Initiative-UK (CHAI UK)—Starting in November 2011
Unauthorized and Illegal Operation of Clinton Health Access Initiative-UK (CHAI UK)—Starting in November 2011 #40. Sat., October 15: Submission of False and Materially Misleading Disclosures to Government Authorities—Concerning 2010 and Prior Years
This week's North American Nintendo Downloads are as follows:
Wii U Download
Bit Dungeon+ – $6.00
Mahjong – $9.99
Wii U Virtual Console
Animal Crossing: Wild World – $9.99
Kirby Canvas Curse – $9.99
3DS Retail
Disney Magical World 2 – $39.99 (available Friday)
3DS Download
Chase: Cold Case Investigations ~Distant Memories~ – $5.99
Gurumin 3D: A Monstrous Adventure – $14.99 (free theme with purchase)
Severed – $14.99 (cross-buy with Wii U)
New 3DS Download
BlockForm – $4.99
3DS Themes
Sonic series: Cute Style
Sonic series: Shadow Style
Sonic series: Silver Style
Sonic Bundle #3
Gurumin Party Time Theme
Gurumin Heroes Theme
Gurumin Monster Pals Theme
Gurumin Night Parade Theme
Gurumin Orange Twist Theme
Gurumin Monster Bundle
eShop Sales
Great deals this week include Never Alone (Wii U), Gunslugs (Nintendo 3DS) and Tumblestone (Wii U), plus several more! Check out the full list of deals for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U available this week at http://www.nintendo.com/games/sales-and-deals.
Source: Nintendo PR
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers will likely retain cornerback Eric Wright for the 2013 season, according to a report from Roy Cummings of the Tampa Tribune, despite several indications earlier in the offseason that his release was imminent.
More: Bucs Nation
Wright, 27, was given a five-year, $37.5-million contract in the 2012 offseason, but played in only 10 games after a four-game PED suspension. He also didn't make much of an impact on the Buccaneers defense, as it finished with more passing yards allowed than any team in the NFL.
Due to his suspension, Wright's 2013 guaranteed salary was voided, meaning that the Buccaneers could release him to avoid his $7.75 million cap hit for the year. A move that Rotoworld said the Buccaneers would "almost certainly make."
However, the team still believes that he can be a contributor, as head coach Greg Schiano told Cummings that the Buccaneers think he's a reliable player for the secondary:
"He had some things that kind of tripped him up (last year), but he has been reliable - not only here but in other places where coaches on our staff have been with him. If I didn't feel there was good there, we would have already separated from him, but there is good there.''
With a non-guaranteed salary, though, the Buccaneers can now bring him to training camp and release him at any point prior to the season without salary cap ramifications.
More from SB Nation:
• Wheel Routes: Concussions, tolerance and Chilly
• Falcons sign "one-trick pony" Osi Umenyiora
• Could Carson Palmer land in Arizona?
• NFL Draft: Geno Smith to visit the Chiefs
• NFL mock draft: Finally, some clarity
• NFL Mock Draft: SB Nation bloggers are on the clock
This summer, the UK will play host to a two-day conference aiming to connect entrepreneurs, angel and VC investors, hedge fund professionals and others with an interest in the growing digital currency ecosystem.
CoinSummit London will take place on 10th-11th July at the East Wintergarden venue, right on the Thames waterfront, and as with previous CoinSummit events, will present a number of headline speakers from the spheres of digital currencies, startups and investment.
This will be the third event from CoinSummit, which was founded by husband and wife team Pamir Gelenbe, entrepreneur and partner at Hummingbird Ventures, and Gulnar Hasnain, former head of environment and sustainability strategy for the mayor of London.
“CoinSummit aims to create a high quality and intimate gathering for industry and thought leaders. We are not aiming to be a big trade show with many booths, but instead focus on bringing together the best entrepreneurs, investors, and key stakeholders in the cryptocurrency space,” Gelenbe told CoinDesk.
A look ahead
Kicking the event off on day one, Stripe's Greg Brockman will be giving the opening speech, entitled ‘How Cryptocurrencies Can Succeed: The Stripe Perspective'.
A packed day of panel discussions will follow, covering everything from investment in digital currency startups to cryptocurrency mining and bitcoin derivatives. Notable panelists will include angel investor Roger Ver; Will O'Brien, CEO at BitGo; and MaidSafe head, David Irvine.
Day two will get underway with a talk by Jonathan Levin from Coinometrics on the topic ‘Will Bitcoin Last the Distance?'. This will be followed by panels discussing topics from investment opportunities to regulatory challenges and bitcoin exchanges, with speakers to include Bobby Lee, CEO of BTC China; Jesse Powell, CEO of bitcoin exchange Kraken; and Rui Ma, Venture Partner at accelerator 500 Startups.
“We will be announcing more speakers as we get closer to the event in the next few weeks,” said Gelenbe, adding:
“Our last event, CoinSummit San Francisco, was sold out. All session videos [from that event] can be viewed online. CoinSummit London will also be live streamed for those that can't be at the conference in person.”
Startup showcase
CoinSummit will also be offering 15 startups the opportunity to present in front of the entire London audience.
According to the organizers, startups will be selected on the basis of the size and attractiveness of the opportunity they are pursuing; the strength of their team; and their traction, metrics and achievements.
The judging panel includes entrepreneurs Jimmy Furland and Ben Davenport; Firat Ileri, an investor at Hummingbird Ventures; Martin Mignot, an investor at Index Ventures; Jez San, an angel investor and the founder of PKR.com; and CoinSummit's Pamir Gelenbe.
“The CoinSummit startup showcase provides an opportunity for the best startups in the industry to present in front of our entire audience,” said Gelenbe. Startups can apply here for a chance to appear at the event.
Provisional agenda
Day 1: Thursday 10th July
9:30 – 9:45
Opening remarks and greetings
Pamir Gelenbe, CoinSummit
09:45 – 10:05
How Cryptocurrencies Can Succeed: The Stripe Perspective
Greg Brockman, Stripe
10:05 – 10:50
Panel session: VC Panel: Investment Opportunities in the Bitcoin Space
Jan Hammer, Index Ventures; Matthew Roszak, Silk Road Equity; Barend van den Brande, Hummingbird Ventures.
Moderator TBC
11:20 – 12:05
Panel session: Decentralized Applications and Appcoins
David Johnston, Mastercoin Foundation; David Irvine, Maidsafe; Flavien Charlon, Coinprism
Moderated by Richard Gendal Brown
12:05 – 12:50
Panel session: Bitcoin Derivatives Markets – Where Next?
Aleksey Bragin, Icbit; George Samman, BTC.sx
Moderated by Jon Matonis, Bitcoin Foundation
13:50 – 14:50
Startup Showcase, Part 1
15:00 – 15:45
Panel session: Angel Investing in the Virtual Currency Ecosystem
Roger Ver, Angel Investor; Trace Mayer, Angel Investor; Brock Pierce, Angel Investor
Moderated by Shakil Khan, CoinDesk
16:15 – 17:15
Panel discussion: The Ever-Changing Landscape of Bitcoin Mining
Naveed Sherwani, Peernova; Timo Hanke, Cointerra; Dave Carlson, Megabigpower
Moderated by Jez San, Angel Investor
17:15 – 18:00
Panel discussion: The Future of Bitcoin Storage
Will O'Brien, BitGo; Simon Hamblin, Netagio; James Smith, Elliptic
Moderated by Martin Mignot, Index Ventures
Day 2: Friday 11th July
09:00 – 09:20
Will Bitcoin Last the Distance?
Jonathan Levin, Coinometrics
09:20 – 10:00
Panel discussion: Bitcoin Exchanges
Rich Teo, Itbit; Jesse Powell, Kraken; Mark Lamb, Coinfloor; Frank Schuil, Safello
Moderated by Luke Sully
10:00 – 10:20
Building Opportunities on Bitcoin 2.0
Robby Dermody, co-founder Counterparty.co
10:20 – 11:00
Panel discussion: Bitcoin in China
Bobby Lee, BTCChina; Rui Ma, 500 Startups; Jack Wang, Bifubao
Moderator TBC
11:50 – 12:45
Panel discussion: Merchant Adoption
Vinny Lingham, Gyft
Moderator TBC
13:45 – 14:15
Panel discussion: The Growth of Bitcoin ATMs
Zach Harvey, Lamassu; Tim Schuman, Project Skyhook
Moderator TBC
14.15 – 15:15
Startup Showcase, Part 2
15:45 – 16:15
Panel discussion: Legal and Regulatory Challenges
Constance Choi, Payward; Patrick Murck, Bitcoin Foundation; Michael Jackson, Mangrove
Moderated by Sveinn Valfells
16:15
Closing remarks
Pamir Gelenbe, CoinSummit
The CoinDesk team will be covering CoinSummit London in full, so keep an eye on the home page for all the latest news and updates.
You can follow CoinSummit London on Twitter via @coinsummit and find full details about the event on the CoinSummit website.
With over 3 million visitors from abroad visiting the ancient capital of Kyoto in fiscal 2015, getting around with an official interpreter would have meant relying on government-qualified guides.
But critics have claimed that interpreter/guides who have passed national tests on language, history, culture and politics aren't necessarily well-versed on the details of Kyoto's rich history and culture.
That's why the city has founded the Kyoto Visitors Host program, aimed at nurturing tour guides who have in-depth knowledge on the city and are fluent enough in a foreign language to explain it to visitors.
The program, which began in November 2015, trains residents and visitors of any nationality to become professional city guides.
While Kyoto still lacks the broad range of interpreter/guides offering the kinds of highly specialized historical tours one finds in cities like London or Paris, the Kyoto Visitors Host program is a first step toward recognizing the need for local experts who can provide a special localized experience for foreign guests.
The inaugural group of students specialized in English and Chinese. The second class, which began the program earlier this month, will include those who can explain Kyoto in English, Chinese and French.
For those whose native language is Japanese, some proof of English proficiency, such as a TOEIC score of at least 730, is necessary to be an English interpreter. Nonnative speakers are required to have passed at least the second level of the Japanese Language Proficiency Test.
The program ends in September. Successful graduates can register their names and contact information on a website where interested foreign tourists and tour groups can directly contact them.
Classes include basic instruction in interpreter guide principles and the hospitality industry, as well as Kyoto's history and culture. Students also take specialized classes in Kyoto's traditional craft industries and culture, cultural properties and cuisine.
The UN adopts a resolution to protect healthcare in conflict, days after 55 people died in a hospital bombing in Aleppo
The UN security council has unanimously adopted a resolution intended to protect hospitals, medical professionals and patients from “an epidemic of attacks” on health facilities in war zones.
The resolution, which was drafted by New Zealand, Spain, Egypt, Japan and Uruguay and adopted on Tuesday, comes days after 55 people died when a hospital was bombed in the Syrian city of Aleppo.
It demands that “all parties to armed conflicts fully comply with their obligations under international law … to ensure the respect and protection of all medical personnel and humanitarian personnel exclusively engaged in medical duties, their means of transport and equipment, as well as hospitals and other medical facilities”.
The UN secretary general, Ban Ki-moon, told the council that such attacks had to end.
“When so-called surgical strikes end up hitting surgical wards, something is deeply wrong,” he said.
Kunduz hospital patients 'burned in beds … even wars have rules', says MSF chief Read more
The resolution – which was supported by Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF), the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) and others – requests that Ban present recommendations on measures to prevent attacks and to ensure that those who carry them out are held accountable.
Although the measure is built on existing legislation, France's ambassador to the UN said it was a “major resolution” that sent a strong message that there will be “no impunity for the authors of attacks perpetrated against medical installations and medical personnel”.
According to MSF, 63 of the hospitals and clinics it supports in Syria were hit by bombing and shelling last year. A US attack on an MSF hospital in the Afghan city of Kunduz last October left 42 people dead, while the charity's hospitals in Yemen and South Sudan have also been repeatedly targeted.
MSF's international president, Joanne Liu, told the security council that such attacks afforded “only a glimpse into the brutality of war”, adding: “We are at a deadly impasse. We can no longer assume that fully functioning hospitals – in which patients are fighting for their lives – are out of bounds. Hospitals and patients have been dragged on to the battlefield.”
Speaking four days after the US announced that its troops involved in the Kunduz attack would not face war crimes charges, Liu said such incidents needed to be independently and robustly investigated.
“We are facing an epidemic of attacks on health facilities, impeding our ability to do our core work,” she said.
“And to date, our calls for independent investigations have gone unheeded. Accountability begins with independent and impartial fact finding. Perpetrators cannot be investigators, judges and juries.”
Peter Maurer, the president of the ICRC, told the security council that the effects of illegal attacks could not be overstated.
“Today, the reality in too many war-torn countries is that if you don't die of shelling or fighting, you die because there is no dialysis equipment, no diabetes medicine, no antibiotics and no heart disease treatment,” he said.
“Death rates by communicable and non-communicable diseases often surpass death rates by weapons … It is not just a hospital or a doctor affected: entire health systems unravel under the attacks on health facilities and personnel.”
The advocacy group Physicians for Human Rights (PHR) said the resolution was not only a reminder that medical neutrality is enshrined in the Geneva conventions, but also a reminder of the fact that UN member states have a duty to investigate such attacks.
“There is no justification for targeting doctors and nurses who are already putting their own lives on the line to save others,” said Susannah Sirkin, PHR's director of international policy and partnerships.
“We cannot allow attacks on healthcare to become the new normal. This resolution is a reminder that if you target health workers and hospitals during warfare, you are a war criminal, plain and simple.”
Sirkin also warned the security council that it had to move from resolution to action
“[The] agreement today give us hope, but we know that without actions to back them up, words alone won't save lives,” she added. “The security council must act when healthcare becomes a target. The council's credibility is on the line.”
50,000 expected to protest RNC David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published: Friday August 29, 2008
Print This Email This If you thought protests outside 2008's Democratic National Convention were loud and proud, you ain't seen nothing yet. So say organizers preparing for the 2008 Republican National Convention, set to take place in St. Paul, Minnesota.
Organizers estimate 50,000 protesters are getting ready to demonstrate outside the RNC, in the largest anti-war protest planned so far this year.
"We have word that people are coming on busses and carpools, people are flying in from all over the country," said Katrina Plotz, an organizer for an RNC protest group. "We are expecting the police to uphold our right to demonstrate, to speak out against the war."
AP Correspondent Haven Daley said in a Wednesday news video that it may be difficult keeping the protests peaceful, attributing his ominous prediction to "anarchist groups" which were not named.
"We're aware of the other tactics that the other groups are doing, so we're trying to reschedule around those different activities," said Code Pink activist Nancy Mancias.
St. Paul police have prepared an open-air prison, similar to those employed by the New York City police in 2004, and the Denver police during the 2008 DNC. The facility is capable of holding hundreds for an unknown amount of time.
This video is from The Associated Press, broadcast August 27, 2008.
Download video
So AFTER Marilyn Mosby got to make a big public speech on the charges against the six cops and AFTER she got to appear publicly on stage with Prince at last week's concert where he sang a song about Freddie Gray, now everybody else needs to stop talking about the case?
Looks like it:
Baltimore city state's attorney Marilyn Mosby is seeking a gag order in the #FreddieGray case. #wbal — Richard Washington (@BadNewsBlues) May 15, 2015
Mosby's office “would not provide further details,” but could it be that she knows her case against the Baltimore 6 is a lot weaker than she's let on and she doesn't want the public to get wind of it?
For example, the New York Times reported yesterday that the issue of whether or not a prisoner is secured in one of these transport vans isn't so clear-cut:
The officers' supporters say, however, that the seatbelt regulation was issued on April 3, nine days before Mr. Gray's arrest, and buried within 15 pages of revisions to the department's general order on handling people in custody. Before those changes, officers followed a general order dating to at least 1997 that recommended securing detainees during transport but that left the decision to individual officers. Whether the officers had read or been briefed by superiors on the changes is unknown. In the past, officers sometimes skipped putting a seatbelt on detainees in the vans out of fear for their own safety. “In the vans we have been provided with, it is difficult to seatbelt a prisoner without the officer being at risk of getting assaulted, spit on, bitten or kicked,” Sergeant Cherry said.
That could be the proverbial game changer.
And let's not forget what we previously reported that the knife that Freddie Gray was carrying at the time of his arrest might have been illegal in the city of Baltimore after all:
Freddie Gray's knife did ‘violate a Baltimore code'? Problems surface in Marilyn Mosby's case against 6 offic… http://t.co/UJJwV3XnDX — TwitchyTeam (@TwitchyTeam) May 5, 2015
Or the issues surrounding Mosby's lead investigator:
Even more issues for Marilyn Mosby as details emerge of top investigator's checkered past http://t.co/2k4qcPBIKD — TwitchyTeam (@TwitchyTeam) May 7, 2015
To be continued…
***
Related:
Marilyn and Nick Mosby are special guests at Prince's #Rally4Peace concert; Update: Tickets were a Mother's Day gift
Even more issues for Marilyn Mosby as details emerge of top investigator's checkered past
Ex Baltimore prosecutor: Marilyn Mosby's indictments reflect ‘incompetence or an unethical recklessness'
Freddie Gray's knife did ‘violate a Baltimore code'? Problems surface in Marilyn Mosby's case against 6 officers
Sheriff David Clarke calls Baltimore police ‘political prisoners,' says Marilyn Mosby should recuse herself
State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby announces criminal charges in #FreddieGray's death; Update: Arrest was ‘illegal'; Update: Multiple charges against the officers, including ‘depraved heart 2nd degree murder'
Now that police have finished their #FreddieGray investigation, let's meet the prosecutor, Marilyn Mosby
Driver Cal Phipps of Sterling Heights drives the U-27 Dalton Industries unlimited hydroplane boat. (Photo: Steve Perez / Detroit News)
Detroit — Cal Phipps spends his days working for PPG Industries in Cleveland.
But on weekends, you can find Phipps speeding his way down waterways, courtesy of the U-27 Dalton Industries unlimited hydroplane boat.
What's more — he wins.
Phipps, 46, a native of Sterling Heights, brings his game to the Detroit River for this weekend's UAW-GM Spirit of Detroit Hydrofest. And considering his recent success — he won a heat in the Gold Cup weekend at Tri-Cities last month and at Seattle this month — he's got to be considered a contender.
“It's a good boat, shows bursts of speed,” Phipps said of the U-27. “It's the same boat that I had the points lead going into the Gold Cup final in '11 before breaking the wing, and the same boat Kip Brown won the Gold Cup in '13.
“We're excited about our chances. I feel we have a good package. Hopefully we'll find the right combination and, of course, you have to pay attention and respect the Detroit River, too.”
The other contenders include Jimmy Shane, who won the Gold Cup in Detroit last summer then repeated as Gold Cup champion in Tri-Cities last month; J. Michael Kelly, who lost the Gold Cup last month when Shane passed the last quarter of the final lap; and former Gold Cup winner Jean Theoret, who won in 2006 in the Miss Beacon Plumbing boat.
“Jimmy Shane's a great driver, won last year's Gold Cup in Detroit in the Oberto,” said, Phipps who's appearing in the Unlimited boats on the Detroit River for the fifth time. “J. Michael's always fast and has a good handling boat, the old Budweiser boat, and Theoret's back and he's extremely fast.”
Phipps and Kelly were teammates last year for owner Ted Porter.
So, what's the advantage of a two-boat team?
“We don't draw each other in the same heats, but of course we'll race in finals,” Phipps said. “Since we're racers (Kelly, Phipps) we go head-to-head, but if he's faster than me than we plan strategy so we can help each of us have the best outcome.”
DETROIT HYDROFEST
When: Saturday-Sunday, Detroit River
Tickets: Starting at $45
Details: (313) 329-8047
SATURDAY
10:30-11 a.m.: GP testing
Noon-2 p.m.: Unlimited time trials
2:10-2:25 p.m.: Grand Prix 1-A heat
2:30-2:45 p.m.: Grand Prix 1-B heat
2:50-3:05 p.m.: Grand Prix 1-C heat
3:15-4:20 p.m.: Tunnel Boat time trials and heat races
4:40-4:55 p.m.: Grand Prix 2-A heat
5-5:15 p.m.: Grand Prix 2-B heat
5:20-5:35 p.m.: Grand Prix 2-C heat
5:45-6 p.m.: Unlimited 1-A heat
6:05-6:20 p.m.: Unlimited 1-B heat
6:25-6:40 p.m.: Unlimited 1-C heat
7 p.m.: Autograph session
SUNDAY
9:40 a.m.: Tunnel boat heat
10:10-10:30 a.m.: Grand Prix 3-A heat
10:35-10:50 a.m.: Grand Prix 3-B heat
10:55-11:10 a.m.: Grand Prix 3-C heat
11:20-11:40 a.m.: Unlimited 2-A heat
11:40 a.m.-noon: Unlimited 2-B heat
1:30-1:50 p.m.: Unlimited 3-A heat
2-2:20 p.m.: Unlimited 3-B heat
2:30-2:50 p.m.: Tunnel boat final
3:15-3:40 p.m.: Grand Prix final
4:10-4:30 p.m.: Unlimited final
An NYPD housing officer was killed Tuesday night, shot in the head by a trigger-happy perp during a chase and gunfight on a pedestrian overpass above the FDR Drive in East Harlem, police said.
Officer Randolph Holder, 33, was shot in the forehead by the callous gunman, who had stolen a bike and was being pursued by cops along the promenade hugging the East River around 8:30 p.m., Police Commissioner Bill Bratton said. The brave officer died at 10:22 p.m. at Harlem Hospital.
A suspect, shot in the legs, was arrested.
Holder, who emigrated from Guyana, was a third-generation police officer, following in his father and grandfather's footsteps in the line of duty, Bratton said during a somber press conference at the hospital.
The unmarried immigrant joined the NYPD in July 2010 and worked in Police Service Area 5, wearing Shield No. 13340 as he patrolled the public housing projects of East Harlem.
“I think all of us will tell you this is the hardest thing that we do,” Bratton said. “That we mourn one of our own. I've been doing this for 45 years. It doesn't get easier. It never gets easier and it should never get easier.”
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 5 NEXT Slides > A photo, date not known, provided by the New York Police Department shows police Officer Randolph Holder, who police said died after being shot in the head in a gun battle while pursuing a suspect Tuesday, Oct. 20, 2015. © New York Police Department via AP
Holder was the fourth NYPD officer killed in the line of duty in the past 11 months.
Police responded to reports of gunshots around 8:30 p.m. near First Ave. and 102nd St.
Witnesses told cops several men fled over the pedestrian walkway that crosses the FDR Drive and then continued onto the footpath that runs alongside the highway.
“There was an argument between two or three people. All of a sudden there were shots, you could hear the shells kick back as they hit the cement. I had my whole family on the floor,” said witness Doris Ayala, 62, who lives at the Urban American River Crossing apartment complex at 102nd St. and FDR Drive.
“I thought they were going to shoot outside of my window. There was a gun on the sidewalk outside my building,” said the shocked woman, who reported hearing about 10 shots.
One of the men stole a bicycle and fled north along the footpath.
Holder and another cop encountered the fleeing suspect on another pedestrian overpass, near 120th St., and exchanged gunfire.
“There were six or seven shots, they were exchanging fire,” said John Lucero, 19, who could see the shooting from his apartment window. “There were three of them, one police officer and two other men. Cops were pointing at a body. It was a police officer. He was just lying there.”
The mortally wounded Holder crumpled to the ground as the ruthless suspect ditched the bike and ran north along the promenade. The fiend was finally apprehended at 124th St.
He suffered gunshot wounds to his legs and was taken to New York-Presbyterian Hospital Weill Cornell.
Rescuers rushed the critically injured cop to Harlem Hospital.
Three other suspects were taken into custody around 111th St. and were being questioned early Wednesday.
At least two guns were recovered, police said.
Mayor de Blasio was seen rushing out of a dinner for the Gracie Mansion Conservancy, an invitation-only fund-raiser to celebrate the grand reopening of the mayoral residence after recent repairs.
“We're all in mourning tonight. This whole city is in mourning,” Mayor de Blasio said. “We're mourning a man that gave his life as a guardian for all of us.
“We are humbled by Officer Randolph Holder's example of service and courage and sacrifice. Our hearts are heavy. We offer our thoughts and our prayers to his family who are experiencing unimaginable pain as we saw earlier when we gathered with them,” the mayor said.
Traffic on the FDR Drive was at a standstill for hours as police investigated the shooting.
Dozens of people were seen exiting taxis and walking toward First and Second Aves. in search of other means of transportation.
Witnesses watched as emergency crews cut the guardrail separating the northbound and southbound lanes near 116th St. to allow cars to turn around and exit the clogged roadway around 11:30 p.m.
At Harlem Hospital, hundreds of police officers held vigil, hoping for the best before they received the grim news of their fallen colleague.
“New York City police officers everyday go out and carry themselves on the street like superheroes on the street," Patrolmen's Benevolent Association President Patrick Lynch said. “But the reality is, when we're attacked, we bleed. When we bleed, we die. And when we die, we cry.”
The slain office's father was on hand at the hospital. In his moment of grief, he offered his son's fellow officers comfort.
“When in his time of grief, he sought to comfort the officers of PSA 5. He was strong enough and brave enough to go in and address them as they tried to comfort him. He in fact was comforting them,” a teary-eyed Bratton said.
“I can understand his son and the bravery his son exhibited tonight, rushing toward danger and giving his life for the citizens of New York City.”
At least 100 NYPD officers were seen leaving the hospital around 11:30 p.m.
Three other NYPD officers have been shot and killed while on the job in the last 11 months.
On Dec. 20, officers Wenjian Liu, 32, and Rafael Ramos, 40, were ambushed and assassinated by a gun-toting madman in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn.
Officer Brian Moore, 25, was working with an anti-crime unit and patrolling in an unmarked police car with his partner Erik Jansen on May 9 near 212th St. and 104th Ave. in Queens when he was gunned down and killed.
With Andy Mai, Linda Stasi
Football's top governing body may set Israel a six-month ultimatum to end games in settlements in the occupied West Bank, Israeli newspaper Haaretz reported Sunday.
FIFA's monitoring committee on Israel-Palestine suggested the decision will be made at the upcoming FIFA congress in May, warning either Israel as a country or settlement-based teams should be suspended if the games do not stop.
The issue has been pushed in recent years by the Palestinian football association who has demanded Israel be punished for continuing to play games in the settlements, which are illegal under international law.
While several options are mentioned in a report prepared by the committee, and obtained by Haaretz, it does mention that making such a demand on Israel would be in line with a decision to expel teams from Crimea participating in the Russian league after it annexed the region from Ukraine.
Chairman of the Palestinian Football Association, Jibril Rajoub, has rejected a FIFA position on maintaining the status quo, arguing that the presence of Israeli teams in the occupied West Bank contravenes FIFA's own rules on setting up teams on another country's territory.
A September 2016 Human Rights Watch report argued that by allowing the games to continue, FIFA contributes to business activity on occupied territory and allows human rights abuses because the settlements are based on land taken from Palestinians and often impact on basic rights like freedom of movement.
Read: More than 100 sports organisations urge FIFA to expel Israeli settlement-based clubs
Palestinians have also complained that Israel often places travel bans on players from the blockaded Gaza Strip, making it difficult for teams from the coastal enclave to play Palestinian competitors in the West Bank.
Last year's Palestinian cup final was delayed after six players from a Gaza team were refused permission to travel, though the decision was later reversed after a FIFA complaint to the Israeli authorities.
Little known facts in the Jewish community may concern the high risk of breast cancer for the Ashkenazi [ European Jews].
During a breast cancer awareness exposition, "Power In Knowing," that took place at Florida International University's Kovens Conference Center in North Miami earlier this year, Talia Donenberg, a chronic granulomatous disease certified genetic counselor at the University of Miami, mentioned that the Ashkenazi account for 10-12 percent of hereditary breast cancer as Jewish women are five times more likely to be carriers of the BRCA1 or BRCA2 gene mutation that makes them more likely to get breast cancer over their lifetimes.
"The chance of carrying the [BRCA1 or BRCA2] mutation is one in 40 in the Jewish population and one in 400 in the non-Jewish population," Donenberg said during an interview.
Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida's 20th District is a breast cancer survivor who happens to be an Ashkenazi Jew who also tested positive for the BRCA2 gene. However, despite being an advocate for transforming the approach towards breast cancer and working towards its eradication before being diagnosed for the disease, Wasserman Schultz didn't know that Ashkenazi Jews were at a high risk when she found a lump in her breast while doing a routine self-exam.
"As much as an advocate as I was, I didn't know that they were at far greater risk and if I didn't know, then imagine how many tens of thousands of Jews don't know," she said.
Since Wasserman Schultz shared her story a year and half ago, she introduced the Education and Awareness Requires Learning Young Act that passed as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act in March and is now in its implementation stage. The EARLY Act directs the Centers for Disease Control to develop and implement a national education campaign about the threat breast cancer poses to young women of all ethnic and cultural backgrounds and the heightened risks certain groups face. The legislation also seeks to inform medical professionals about the distinct risk factors and treatments, specific to young women under 40.
Her work with breast cancer awareness doesn't stop with the bill as she recently sponsored a resolution that passed in the House of Representatives that designates the last week of September as National Hereditary Breast and Ovarian Cancer Week and bridges September's Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month and October's National Breast Cancer Awareness Month. The resolution also recognize the last Wednesday of September as National Previvor Day.
"It's really important that I use my position in Congress and my public profile to raise awareness," Wasserman Schultz said regarding her breast cancer awareness work. "If people hear my story, then maybe they'll be more likely to get a mammogram, or do a self exam in the shower, or go to a doctor and get a clinical exam, or make sure that they communicate with their families about their family history."
Like Wasserman Schultz, Ft. Lauderdale resident Lainie Schultz is an Ashkenazi Jew who has battled breast cancer and who also didn't know about this high risk when she was diagnosed two years ago at the age of 24.
"I never knew that but in every doctor appointment I went to, they asked me if I was an Ashkenazi Jew and it blew my mind because you don't hear a lot about it,' Schultz, 26, said.
Her breast cancer diagnosis was a scare for both Shultz and her friends who were shocked to hear that someone as young as she was could get the disease.
Boca Raton resident Katherine Fleishman, the founding president of the charity Think Pink Rocks that raises awareness about early detection and genetic testing for breast cancer and funds, said that the organization was started in an effort to get the message of breast cancer awareness to young people.
"That message is to know your family history, especially if you're a Jewish woman," Fleishman said. "You need to know your family history regarding breast cancer and ovarian cancer and if your family carries the breast cancer gene."
CALGARY- A second Calgary business owner is speaking out about colossal jumps in property taxes after reading Global News' coverage of a 97 per cent increase for 8 Avenues Escoba Bistro.
Trevor Katelnikoff is the chief operating officer of PEO Canada, an employment management company located at the corner of 5 Ave. and 7 St. S.W. He said the Escoba story caught his attention because his company's taxes have increased a whopping 265 per cent this year.
“Since 2012, our property taxes have gone up 340 per cent,” he told Global News.
“Last year, our property was valued at about $13 million, and this year it's just under $35 million…if someone wants to offer me $35 million, let's chat.”
The city confirmed the building's assessed value has almost tripled, from $13, 290,000 to $33, 570,000 in 2015. Assessment director Nelson Karpa says it's slightly different than the Escoba case because this property has “always been valued on the land approach.”
“In the last number of years, we've seen a terrific increase in the value of land in downtown Calgary,” said Karpa.
About three blocks away from PEO Canada, a 63,000 square foot parcel of bare land sold for $90 million in 2013, said Karpa. PEO Canada is 41,000 square feet, so the city assessed it for less—at the $33-million figure.
“What we use to derive the assessed values is bona fide market evidence of sales that did transact. We use that as a basis for estimating what it would have sold for … we feel those values are accurate.”
Katelnikoff says his small business has been at the location for over a decade. He says he would be fine with a “reasonable” increase, but can't believe the size of the sudden jump.
“If our property taxes got to where they are now over the next 15 years, through just natural inflation, it would make sense to me. But we went from paying $185,000 last year to $476,000 this year.”
Katelnikoff says he'll be challenging the assessment—like Escoba Bistro's owner—but will have to pay until a September hearing. He's not sure where the money will come from in his one-and-a-half story building.
“I don't have 45 stories of tenants to divide $300,000 up and reconcile it at the end of the year.”
Katelnikoff says he has letters from realtors who work downtown that “basically say the city's assessment is out to lunch.”
“There's no way anyone's going to give me $35 million for the property.”
Karpa says the building is on an extremely desirable piece of land, and the city's assessment reflects market value.
“Whether you're the owner of a 20-story office building, or whether you're the owner of a small building in a big lot downtown, the question we have to ask—that the legislation requires—is: if that property sold in July 2014, what would it have sold for?”
“We're entirely doing the same process whether it's a 20-story office buildings, vacant land, or in this case, a 32,000 square foot building on 41,000 square foot piece of land,” said Karpa.
READ MORE: 97% property tax increase spurs complaint from Calgary bistro owner
CLOSE USA Today Sports' George Schroeder breaks down the four biggest stories from the second week of college football. USA TODAY Sports
Southern California Trojans athletic director Pat Haden apologized for his actions in Saturday's game vs. Stanford. (Photo11: Gary A. Vasquez, USA TODAY Sports)
The Pac-12 Conference fined USC athletics director Pat Haden $25,000 for coming down to the sidelines to argue with the officiating crew during Saturday's 13-10 victory against Stanford, calling Haden's behavior "inappropriate."
In a statement, Pac-12 Commissioner Larry Scott issued a strong reprimand of both Haden and USC coach Steve Sarkisian for conduct "in clear violation of our Conference's Standards of Conduct policy."
"The conduct by USC Athletics Director Pat Haden was inappropriate," read the statement. "Such actions by an administrator in attempt to influence the officiating, and ultimately the outcome of a contest, will not be tolerated."
PREVIOUSLY: Haden apologizes
Haden left the press area and sprinted across the Stanford Stadium field late in the third quarter of Saturday's game at the request of a USC staff member, he said after the game. USC linebacker Hayes Pullard had just been ejected for targeting, but Haden said his discussion with the officiating crew centered on an unsportsmanlike conduct penalty levied on Sarkisian.
"The conduct by both Sarkisian and Haden were in clear violation of our Conference's Standards of Conduct policy," Scott said. "We appreciate the public apology and recognition of the errors in judgment, as well as Pat Haden's self-imposed 2-game sideline ban. We took this into consideration as we determined the discipline. Nonetheless, the actions fell short of our expectation of our head coaches and athletics directors as role models for our student-athletes and important leaders of our institutions."
Haden was captured on national television talking with two officials, shaking his head in a "no" motion and then waving his arms as the conversation ended.
Sent my check for $25,000 today to Larry Scott. Made out to Children's Hospital LA for autism Reseach Have helped save my grandson from it — Pat Haden (@ADHadenUSC) September 9, 2014
The on-field engagement with the officials drew negative attention to Haden's role as one of the 13 members of the College Football Playoff selection committee.
Playoff Executive Director Bill Hancock released the following statement: "Emotional outbursts at games are not a matter for the playoff selection committee to deal with. This does not affect Pat Haden's capability as a committee member. We recognize that athletics directors cannot be dispassionate about their own teams, and that's why we have the recusal policy."
Haden issued an apology on Sunday evening via USC's official athletics site, saying he would ban himself from being on the sideline for the Trojans' next two games.
"I apologize to Commissioner Scott, to the game officials, to Stanford and to the fans for any distraction I might have caused during Saturday's football game," Haden wrote in a release issued by the university. "In retrospect, I should not have approached the game officials. I should have waited until after the game and gone through the appropriate channels."
COLLEGE FOOTBALL'S WEEK 2 HIGHLIGHTS
Pennsylvania State Police investigating a 911 call about a dead man lying against a Route 33 guardrail discovered a homeless man -- alive, but napping.
Northampton County 911 emergency dispatch on Monday morning received several reports of a suspected deceased man up against the guardrail to the right as motorists drove along the ramp from the Wind Gap exit onto Route 33, a dispatch supervisor said.
The call prompted a quick response from state police at Belfast to investigate near mile-marker 15. Police later determined the man was homeless and "just taking a nap," state police said.
Dave Scallion, of Wind Gap, was one of the first to dial 911 about 10:30 a.m. as he drove to his job at an insurance company. Scallion said he looked over his shoulder to the right and saw what appeared to be a man unresponsive, lying limp against the guardrail with his eyes closed.
"It shook me up," Scallion told lehighvalleylive.com. "It's not normal to see someone laying on the highway."
The man was wearing jeans and a sweatshirt and appeared to be in his 20s, Scallion said he described to emergency dispatch. Scallion said the ramp forces drivers to slow down and that's what likely prompted so much 911 response.
"If I wasn't on the ramp, I might have missed him," Scallion said.
Police woke up the homeless man and said he then left the scene. No charges were filed in the incident.
Pamela Sroka-Holzmann may be reached at pholzmann@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow her on Twitter @pamholzmann. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
received confirmation from multiple sources that AMD's Radeon HD 6970 and 6950 cards, codenamed Cayman, are scheduled to launch December 15th.
The HD 6970 should ship in decent quantities and we also heard that Radeon HD 6950 should also launch on the 15th, but in somewhat lesser quantities.
Our sources indicate that Geforce GTX 580 should end up faster than Radeon HD 6970 at least in many of the popular benchmarks. The fact that AMD is pricing Cayman cards a bit lower than the 580 lends a bit more credibility to such claims. We have also heard that driver was one of the reasons of this “slight” delay of Cayman launch, and we guess that part of the story is that Geforce GTX 580 ended up much better than ATI expected.
In the GPU world it is very easy to slip the schedule and it can involve all kinds of issues, from poor yields, bad beta driver, to a shortage of some components. At least we know that the card should be in some stores on December 15th.
We will update you with more information especially on price and performance.
Ecclestone has long been sceptical about the benefits of social media, although more recently his F1 companies have been getting more active on platforms like Facebook and Twitter.
But with Heineken so aware on the benefits of digital media, and eager to do more to promote the sport to a wider audience, Ecclestone believes that the company could help change his attitude about how F1 is delivered to fans.
When asked by Motorsport.com about if he was happy for Heineken to do more on social media, Ecclestone said: “Absolutely. I've started to get a bit more interested anyway generally, before Heineken, but they are going to wake me up a bit.
“I've never taken a lot of notice and never believed it is going to do the things that people say it is going to do. So we wait and see, but I am happy to be working with them.”
Boost for F1
Although Ecclestone has boosted F1's coffers by around $250 million with the Heineken deal, which runs until 2023 with a break clause after 2020, he insists that money was not the primary motivation behind getting them on board.
Instead, he is happier with the fact that beer giant is so eager to help market the sport – especially in regions where F1 is not so popular.
“It is good. We like to attract big brands and this is as big a brand as there is. And I am very, very happy obviously. They are good for all our other brands, they will all help each other.
“It is nothing to do with money. It is not the point. We would be happy to have them on board if they didn't pay us!”
He added: “It is nice they are happy to be with us. We've had a few of these types of companies, breweries, wanting to come on board with us and have said no. They [Heineken] are responsible people.”
When you are running out of disk space on system, instantly you might use DU (Disk Usage) command to check the system disk usage but it wont give you about cached data, internet history, and junk files usage.
To accomplish this, i would advise you to install BleachBit System cleaner utility. Its best CCleaner Alternatives for Linux and clean everything in your system in depth way.
What's BleachBit
BleachBit is a free, open-source and easy to use disk space cleaner & privacy manager. It's not only clearing a disk space apart from that it will analyze and delete junk files, temporary files, Browsers history, cache, cookies, shred temporary files, and logs you didn't know where it is.
Suggested Read : Stacer – Linux System Optimizer and Monitoring Tool
Designed to work with Linux and Windows systems, also clean a thousand of applications such as Firefox, Internet Explorer, Adobe Flash, Google Chrome, Opera, Safari, and more.
Suggested Read : Free Up Some Space in Ubuntu/LinuxMint With Ubuntu Cleaner (Fork of Janitor Module)
BleachBit system cleaner will remove the following junk files in Linux
Bash : Delete the command history
Delete the command history Deep Scan : Clean files widely scattered across the disk like, Backup files, .DS_Store, Thumbs.db, and Temporary files
Clean files widely scattered across the disk like, Backup files, .DS_Store, Thumbs.db, and Temporary files Email client : Delete the email client cache
Delete the email client cache Web browser : Delete the backup files, cache, cookies (which contain information such as web site preferences, authentication, and tracking identification), crash reports, DOM storage (HTML5 cookies), Download history, Form history, Passwords, Session restore, Site preferences, URL history, and Vacuum (Clean database fragmentation).
Delete the backup files, cache, cookies (which contain information such as web site preferences, authentication, and tracking identification), crash reports, DOM storage (HTML5 cookies), Download history, Form history, Passwords, Session restore, Site preferences, URL history, and Vacuum (Clean database fragmentation). Desktop environment : Delete the usage history & search history
Delete the usage history & search history System : Delete the cache, Clipboard, Custom, Broken desktop files, Free disk space, Localizations, Memory, Recent documents list, Rotated logs, Temporary files, and Trash
Delete the cache, Clipboard, Custom, Broken desktop files, Free disk space, Localizations, Memory, Recent documents list, Rotated logs, Temporary files, and Trash Thumbnails : Icons for files on the system & cache
Icons for files on the system & cache VIM Editor: Delete ~/.viminfo which includes file history, command history, and buffers
Delete ~/.viminfo which includes file history, command history, and buffers Package manager : Delete the cache and Clean database fragmentation to reduce space and improve speed without removing any data
Suggested Read : uCareSystem – All-In-One System Update And Maintenance Tool For Ubuntu/LinuxMint
Install BleachBit on Linux via distribution official repository
We can easily install BleachBit on major Linux distribution such as RHEL, CentOS, Fedora, Ubuntu, Debian, LinuxMint, SUSE Enterpirce Linux, Mageia, Arch Linux & openSUSE from distribution official repository.
For Debian based systems, use apt-get or apt package manager to install BleachBit.
$ sudo apt-get install bleachbit
For RHEL/CentOS based systems, enable EPEL Repository and use yum package manager to install BleachBit.
$ sudo yum install bleachbit
For Fedora system, use dnf package manager to install BleachBit.
$ sudo dnf install bleachbit
For openSUSE system, use zypper package manager to install BleachBit.
$ sudo zypper install bleachbit
For Arch Linux based systems, use pacman package manager to install BleachBit.
$ sudo pacman -S bleachbit
Install BleachBit on Linux through deb & rpm file
Alternatively we can install the latest version of BleachBit by downloading rpm & deb file from BleachBit website.
Refer RPM Package Manager & DPKG package manager for .dep & .rpm file installation.
How to use BleachBit
Launch the BleachBit system cleaner from main menu, you will get the default interface looks like below. It will pop up with preference window and you can customize what you want.
See the BleachBit system cleaner interface.
Choose all the options to clean everything. When you choose Deep Scan, Firefox, & system will pop up below warning messages.
Deep Scan will make this process bit slow due to clearing following files such as Backup files, .DS_Store, Thumbs.db, and Temporary files
Firefox option will warn you about deleting your saved passwords.
System also will make this process bit slow due to deep analysis of following options such as Free disk space, Localizations, and Memory.
Hit Preview button to know how much MB all options holding junk files.
Hit Clean button to start clearing the unwanted junk files and caches. It will ask your confirmation, before initiate a process (select Delete button). When you run the bleachbit as a normal user, you will get the lot of error messages while cleaning system parameter.
Cleaning junk files under progress.
cleaning has been done and finally showing statistic about, how much disk space to be recovered and how many files get deleted in this activity.
For deep cleaning, including system junk files run bleachbit with sudo privilege.
$ sudo bleachbit
Follow the above steps after launching the bleachbit to clean junk files.
Another “quick takes” on items where there is too little to say to make a complete article, but is still important enough to comment on.
The focus this time: Silly peasant, luxuries are for the rich people!
First, a little mood music:
Carrying on…
When you are a pro-Obama and working for a pro-Obama company, certain opportunities in the public sector seem to just open up…
“More than 250 people have moved from Google and related firms to the federal government or vice versa since President Barack Obama took office. “The Google Transparency Project, the work of Campaign for Accountability, poured over reams of data to find 258 instances of ‘revolving door activity' between Google or its associated companies and the federal government, national political campaigns and Congress since 2009. “Much of that revolving door activity took place at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, where 22 former White House officials went to work for Google and 31 executives from Google and related firms went to work at the White House or were appointed to federal advisory boards by Obama. Those boards include the President's Council on Science and Technology and the President's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness.”
Of course, getting around environmental regulations in California is easy… when you got more than one Democrat governor watching your back…
“The report says that in November 2011, former governor Gray Davis — by then a lawyer for Los Angeles-based Occidental Petroleum Corp. — pressured Brown to fire two oil and gas regulators the company felt were slow to grant injection well permits for hydraulic fracturing (fracking). Two months later, Oxy contributed $250,000 to Brown's Proposition 30 tax increase initiative, and shortly after that gave $100,000 to a pet Brown charity, the Oakland Military Institute. This surely looks like old-fashioned pay-to-play, and boosting ‘fracking' as well. Maybe he's allowing fracking because the money is just too good. “The report shows that in June 2013, tough regulations were dropped from Senate Bill 4, a bill intended to restrict ‘fracking'. The same day, Chevron Corporation gave $135,000 to the Democratic Party. Several months later, Chevron wrote the party a $350,000 check and a week later, the party put $300,000 into Brown's re-election campaign fund. On the same day, Chevron plunked $54,400 (the legal maximum) into Brown's election coffer.”
And if you are just some peasant living in Las Vegas, Phoenix, or some other place where you literally need air conditioning to live?
Suck it up, peasant!
“Karen Heller's screed was but the latest entry in a genre that has become as much a summer staple as comic-book movies — the cri de compresseur. From William Saletan's 2006 critique of “the deluded world of air conditioning” to Kate Murphy's 2015 lament of the ‘deep freeze' offices experience every summer, the genre shares a belief that air conditioning is wasteful, indulgent, misguided, and even immoral. “In 2012, two participants in a New York Times forum prompted by a Times report that AC use was exploding in the Third World answered the question ‘Should air-condition go global, or be rationed away?' in terms that could have been borrowed from an 18th-century anti-luxury tract. Stan Cox advocated limiting air conditioning (‘a luxury we can't afford') on the grounds that we must distinguish ‘between absolute necessities like food or water and manufactured necessities like a houseful of refrigerated air. And making such decisions could help us recover some of the resilience our own culture has lost in the age of air-conditioning.' Rajendra Shende, former head of the U.N.'s ozone program, said air conditioning, iPads, fatty foods, and cars are not ‘rights' but ‘are luxuries, and they often make us soft.' Literally soft, perhaps, as some investigators have found a link between air conditioning and obesity. Luxury makes society soft. Air conditioning is a luxury. QED. Mandeville must have been spinning in his grave.”
Keep chillin' there elitist schmucks, keep chillin'…
TTFN.
Tweet
INFO EUROPE 1
Une note, actée le 9 mars et diffusée vendredi dernier, met les commissariats en ébullition. Elle pose des conditions strictes sur le port d'arme en dehors du service pour les policiers.
Un entrainement de tir dans les quatre mois. Après les attentats de Paris et Saint-Denis en novembre 2015, les policiers avaient obtenu le droit de porter leur arme partout, même en congés, pour peu qu'ils préviennent leur hiérarchie au préalable. Désormais, c'est impossible. Les nouveaux critères prévoient que les agents qui souhaitent porter leur arme hors service aient effectués au moins un entrainement de tir durant les quatre derniers mois pour pouvoir en bénéficier, et non plus trois tirs par an, que certains regroupaient sur une même période. Ces conditions s'appliquent aussi aux trajets domicile-travail entre deux services.
"Ce n'est pas très cohérent". "D'un côté on dit 'on assure la sécurité des policiers, on leur donne des moyens, il faut qu'ils soient protégés car ils constituent des cibles'. Et d'un autre côté on s'arrange pour faire des notes qui annihilent un texte de loi qui était favorable à la protection des policiers et des citoyens. Ce n'est pas très cohérent", déplore Loïc Le Couplier du syndicat Alliance, au micro d'Europe 1. "Que vous soyez policier en service actif, ou policier quand vous rentrez chez vous, vos tirs ce sont les mêmes. Ça commence à ronchonner sérieusement."
"Quand les policiers sont en service sur la voie publique, ils sont par équipe d'au moins trois. Or, quand ils rentrent chez eux, ils sont seuls. Ils ont donc besoin d'être plus aguerris", justifie la Direction générale de la police nationale, sollicitée par Europe 1.
Un fonctionnaire sur cinq. En région parisienne, la situation est d'autant plus tendue que plusieurs stands de tirs ont momentanément fermé ces derniers mois. Dans certains départements, à peine un fonctionnaire sur cinq colle aux nouveaux critères.
“We have rights and we want them to be guaranteed,” Juliana Machado, a member of the Popular Committee for the World Cup, told VICE News as the protesters prepared to march. “We're here not only to defend these rights, but to reclaim the rights that we've lost in the run-up to the World Cup.”
At the end of the street, a projector beamed government-spending statistics (“Only 0.4 percent of the resources going to the World Cup is private investment”) onto the façade of a large building. The march, organized by the Popular Committee for the World Cup, appeared to be one of the most creative, orderly expressions of resistance yet.
As the procession began, a giant skeleton wearing a Brazilian jersey danced among the crowd while protesters performed theatrical skits, played music, and erected banners.
In São Paulo, an estimated 1,200 protesters gathered Thursday evening on Paulista Avenue as part of the International Day of World Cup Resistance — a series of demonstrations coordinated across the country to express public discontent ahead of the mega athletic event.
With a scant 28 days left before the World Cup, the streets of Brazil have been filled with burning barricades, armored military vehicles, and thousands of indignant citizens demanding that their voices be heard.
Read more
With a scant 28 days left before the World Cup, the streets of Brazil have been filled with burning barricades, armored military vehicles, and thousands of indignant citizens demanding that their voices be heard.
In São Paulo, an estimated 1,200 protesters gathered Thursday evening on Paulista Avenue as part of the International Day of World Cup Resistance — a series of demonstrations coordinated across the country to express public discontent ahead of the mega athletic event.
(Photo by Guilherme Prado)
As the procession began, a giant skeleton wearing a Brazilian jersey danced among the crowd while protesters performed theatrical skits, played music, and erected banners.
(Photo by Eva Hershaw)
At the end of the street, a projector beamed government-spending statistics (“Only 0.4 percent of the resources going to the World Cup is private investment”) onto the façade of a large building. The march, organized by the Popular Committee for the World Cup, appeared to be one of the most creative, orderly expressions of resistance yet.
“R$2 billion” — more than $900 million — “spent on repressive operations.” (Photo by Guilherme Prado)
“We have rights and we want them to be guaranteed,” Juliana Machado, a member of the Popular Committee for the World Cup, told VICE News as the protesters prepared to march. “We're here not only to defend these rights, but to reclaim the rights that we've lost in the run-up to the World Cup.”
But less than a half an hour into the demonstration, events quickly shifted. A confusing and uneasy stir moved through the crowd. Protesters along Consolação Avenue started yelling insults at police officers, who walked together behind shields alongside storefronts on the periphery of the procession.
Before anyone could really understand what was going on, a loud explosion rang out. The police had fired a stun grenade. This was followed by screams, more explosions, and the rapid descent of a police helicopter, which blew up dust and beamed a spotlight onto demonstrators as they quickly dispersed into side streets.
Footage from Thursday's protest in São Paulo shows the march devolving into chaos as police launch stun grenades.
Video footage illustrates the moment of tension, but it remains unclear what action on the part of protesters, if any, had prompted the police to detonate stun grenades.
Brazil's controversial black blocs take the spotlight at World Cup protests. Read more here.
Reports offer diverging accounts of what transpired shortly before the upheaval. Some accuse protestors of provoking the police, throwing rocks and other pieces of trash towards the huddled group of officers. Others insist that the grenades were an unjustified and disproportionate response to little more than heated verbal exchanges between protesters and the police.
(Photo by Eva Hershaw)
As protesters scattered and businesses pulled down metal screens over their storefronts, black bloc members took advantage of the chaos and began smashing bank windows. They also vandalized a Hyundai dealership — the car manufacturer is an official World Cup sponsor — before setting trash aflame in the street.
(Photo by Guilherme Prado)
In the end, eight people were detained by the military police and at least four people, two of them journalists, were reported injured.
A photojournalist affected by stun grenade thrown by police is helped by people protesting the World Cup in São Paulo — Agence France-Presse (@AFP)May 15, 2014
The day included several protests by teachers, metalworkers, and metro employees elsewhere in São Paulo. The city's transport department later said that demonstrations had resulted in traffic jams stretching more than 90 miles.
“We have to use the World Cup to apply more pressure,” Vitor Ribeiro, a leader of the metro workers' union, remarked to VICE News ahead of Thursday's rallies. “The metro is going to be the only way for tourists to get to the Itaquerão stadium, and a strike would do a lot of damage. They know this, and so do we.”
Homeless families in São Paulo are occupying the World Cup. Read more here.
Earlier in the day, an estimated 5,000 members of the Homeless Workers' Movement (MTST) protested the government's failure to address their housing demands by marching to the Itaquerão stadium, where they set fire to car tires. For the past two weeks, more than 4,000 families have occupied an encampment called the People's Cup in an empty tract of land near the stadium.
(Photo via Juntos)
“The clock is ticking: they have 28 days to resolve not only the People's Cup but all the occupations that are part of this fight,” MTST leader Guilherme Boulos said in a press statement. “If this isn't resolved, there will be problems.”
Brazilian police strike again and might walk out during the World Cup. Read more here.
In Recife, in the northern state of Pernambuco, protests prompted the government to deploy the military to control looting in the absence of the local police force, which is on strike. It marked the second time that the Brazilian government has sent soldiers to patrol a World Cup host city in the last two months.
Military vehicles are shown patrolling the streets of Recife.
As burning trash was cleared from São Paulo's streets, organizers of the International Day of World Cup Resistance were already busy planning their next move. News of a mass demonstration planned for May 31 quickly began circulating on social media.
When Machado, the protest organizer, was asked what message she and her compatriots were trying to convey, she answered, “We're going to see fighting in this World Cup. It's simple — that's it.”
Follow Eva Hershaw on Twitter: @beets4eva
Secret Island of Dr. Quandary, The
If you like puzzles, then this is the game for you. Starting as a relaxed visit to a carnival, you become acquainted with the ingenious Dr. Quandary (aka Dr. Q), the Quintessential Quizmaster, who offers you a free game of Toggle. The prize: one of three "very life-like" dolls, each presenting a different level of difficulty in the game you'll be playing. It's not long before you find out that whichever one you choose will actually become your body until the end of the game. After making your choice you are transported to Dr. Quandary's Island with the task to complete all his quizzes. Also, you will need to collect items you'll need for making the magic potion that will get you off the island and back into your own body.
This is the introduction to a very imaginative and interesting game. You wander around the island trying to solve the puzzles that you come upon. Finishing puzzles will grant you items for the magic potion. Mixing the potion is a puzzle in itself, since the recipe for the magic elixir is different depending on the level of difficulty, and the ingredients are described in a funny way. At the end you'll have more items than you need and you will have to figure out the exact combination.
The island is filled with a variety of puzzles. All of them are fun and interesting. Completion of the game will require various skills like logic, math, memory, speed and reflexes etc. Some puzzles are original, but most of them are based on older known games with a new design (Towers of Hanoi, Tangram etc). All in all, this game should sharpen different kinds of skills, while simultaneously providing an adequate dose of amusement. However, it can also be challenging and therefore is probably only suitable for kids older than 10.
The game can be played with a keyboard and mouse, but you can use just the mouse if you want. Everything is simplified and comes down to a mouse click. At the top of the screen there are drop-down menus where you can turn the sound ON/OFF, save and load (loading is possible only at the beginning of the game), run away (quit the current puzzle) etc. Also there are options to look at the island map and your inventory (hotkeys F5 and F6). There is also no way to get stuck in the game, unless you can't beat a certain puzzle that is. Graphics are very cute although a little rough and there are various short tunes to fit the atmosphere.
This game is recommended mostly for teenagers. Play it if you want to test yourself with different kinds of puzzles in one game. If you think that you are "too grown up" to play a "kids game" like this one, try to get off the island of Dr. Quandary on the difficult level, and you will be surprised.
It works in Windows XP without any sound. It will also work flawlessly with VDMSound, and should work fine with DOSBox too, but it may require some toggling.
Airman badly burnt in portaloo blast
Updated
A Darwin-based RAAF airman suffered serious burns when the portable toilet he was inside exploded at Rockhampton Airport in central Queensland.
"The member received immediate first-aid treatment and was evacuated to the Rockhampton Hospital with third-degree burns to his upper body," the Defence Force's Brigadier Bob Brown said.
A spokeswoman for the Department of Community Safety says the injured man may have lit a cigarette in the toilet.
"There was some sort of explosion in a portaloo. It's believed the man was lighting a cigarette at the time," she said.
Authorities say he had been involved with the Talisman Sabre military training exercise.
The man will be flown to a Brisbane hospital for specialist treatment.
An investigation is underway into the cause of the blast.
ABC/AAP
Topics: accidents, disasters-and-accidents, rockhampton-4700, australia
First posted
Those who are trying to block Brexit, using anti-racist and pro-migrant arguments need to think again, argues Shabbir Lakha
In arguing to block Brexit, people are whitewashing what the EU as an institution actually is. We are now over 6 months on from the EU referendum and the debates on whether or not we should stay in the EU should long be over, but some have taken to fighting to stay in the EU at all costs and have even tried to make opposing Brexit a precondition to stopping Trump.
I found it sickening to see white men shout at Diane Abbott, a black woman, at Monday's demonstration in London and call her racist because she supported the Article 50 bill. I found it absurd that people can chant against Donald Trump with an EU flag draped on their shoulders and a placard equating leaving a racist institution with a racist man.
The anti-racism, pro-migrant argument
If you're going to argue that Brexit needs to be stopped, don't say it's because you support migrants and oppose racism. I'm a brown Muslim immigrant and you do not speak for me. If you think the EU is a progressive force then it's because of your Eurocentric worldview, nothing else.
When you say "refugees welcome" in the same breath as "stop Brexit", I think of the thousands of refugees at the bottom of the Mediterranean - 74 drowned just today - because the EU don't want them here.
When you say "migrants are not the problem" in defence of the EU, I think of the EU's constitutionally neoliberal policies that have pushed down wages, forced austerity on European people and prioritised free movement of capital and then scapegoated migrants for the failing public services, underemployment and lowering living standards.
When you say "defend Muslims" and then say "no racist EU exit", I think of the burka ban, the minaret ban, the draconian policies to combat "militant/radical Islam" and the systematic vilification of Muslims and Islam as a means of justifying 15 years of the War on Terror. I've lived here for ten years, I've been called an "effing Paki" before and told "your people did 9/11". This didn't start with the EU referendum and stopping Brexit will do nothing to fight it. Changing this mindset comes from winning the arguments against war and austerity and challenging institutional racism at its roots.
I grew up in Kenya and I've seen firsthand what neocolonialism looks like. And I'll tell you, one of its faces is a blue flag with yellow stars. You go ask the agricultural workers or the civil servants watching more government funds go to Europe and the US rather than domestic investment or alleviation of poverty in African countries how progressive they think the EU is.
You want to defend the EU because of freedom of movement but forget that that "freedom" applies only to the mainly white Europeans at the expense of everyone else, particularly the Global South. I defend this principle because rolling it back will not advance real freedom of movement and has no benefit to migrants from the rest of the world - but that doesn't mean that in and of itself it isn't a racist policy.
I know there are some people of colour who also oppose Brexit, but too many white men talk about defending migrants and think that justifies their view while marginalising the voices of us migrants. As Kevin Ovenden says:
“To be anti-racist in Greece means fighting to end the EU-Turkey deal and to open the borders. It is to rupture with the scheme which keeps refugees in camps and drowns others in the Mediterranean. Some 74 bodies washed up on the shores of Libya.
So it is not just about having a clear anti-racist position in Britain. It is about having a position which is shared by radical movements all over Europe.
No one is taking to the streets to say stop Brexit in Germany, France, Greece, Italy, Poland... People are fighting for something much more profound.”
We need unity
Although I disagreed, I completely understood the Remain position taken during the referendum - not David Cameron and the capitalist class' one - but the one that opposed the far right and xenophobia. But as I've said before, pro-Remain does not mean pro-EU. It's neoliberalism that has both disenfranchised people and fuelled racism, the combination of which has caused the collapse of the centre ground and boosted the far right. So you're defending the EU is not only completely at odds with the principles you purport to hold, but it is exactly what the far right need to become an established force.
Let's stop pretending the EU is some bastion of human rights and anti-racism, when in fact, it has a record of the opposite, and let's unite around fighting racism, and for a People's Brexit instead of a Tory one.
Event: Revolution - Russia 1917: One Hundred Years on 25 Feb, Rich Mix London With Tariq Ali, Paul Le Blanc, Lindsey German, Lucia Pradella and many more. Book now
Timetable 10:00 am - 11.15 am Storming heaven: the achievements of 1917 Paul Le Blanc, August Nimtz, Lindsey German 11.30 am - 12.45 pm Democracy and the Revolution August Nimtz, Judy Cox 1.45 pm - 3:00 pm War, nationalism and revolution Maria Nikolakaki, Chris Bambery, Alastair Stephens 3.15 pm - 4.30 pm Lenin and Leninism Tariq Ali, Paul le Blanc, and Kate Connelly 4.45 pm - 6:00 pm Revolution in the 21st Century John Rees, Stathis Kouvelakis, Tamas Krausz, Lucia Pradella
MARBLE FALLS, Texas -- Two San Antonio high school football players have been suspended and could face criminal charges after one hit a referee from behind and the other subsequently speared him with his helmet during a game Friday night.
The two defensive backs from John Jay High School hit the back judge in the waning moments of a 15-9 loss at Marble Falls, which is located about 90 miles north of San Antonio.
Video shows the referee, who was watching the play from behind the defensive line, getting leveled from behind by a first player, causing the referee's head to snap back. The other player then is seen lowering his helmet and piling into the referee after he had fallen down.
Both players were immediately ejected from the game and later suspended indefinitely from the team and from school, pending an investigation by the Northside Independent School District. The referee was "very upset" and "wanting to press charges," Austin Football Officials Association secretary Wayne Elliott said.
"The first thing we want is that those two kids never play football again," said Elliott, who declined to release the referee's name and added he was seeking guidance from the state officials association.
"The first thing we want is that those two kids never play football again." Wayne Elliott, Austin Football Officials Association secretary
Northside Independent School District athletic director Stan Laing told KENS5-TV that the incident Friday was "disturbing" and "inexcusable."
District spokesman Pascual Gonzalez told The Associated Press on Sunday that it would hear from game officials, coaches and students during an upcoming due process hearing, which also will involve the University Interscholastic League, the state's school sports governing body.
"It is not the good sportsmanlike behavior that we teach students," Gonzalez said.
NFL Referees Association executive director Jim Quirk released a statement Monday condemning the brutal blindside hits.
"These types of actions against any game official at any level are inexcusable," the statement read in part. "We fully support the suspensions of the players involved, along with a full and complete investigation by the Texas University Interscholastic League (UIL)."
Before the referee was hit, two Jay players had been ejected on separate plays.
Marble Falls was trying to run out the clock and called for a handoff toward the left side of the line of scrimmage, according to the San Antonio Express-News. The penalties resulting from the incident gave Marble Falls a first down.
Marble Falls coach Matt Green said John Jay coach Gary Gutierrez apologized after the game.
"I've coached 14 years, and I've never seen anything like it,'' Green said.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Following a rule introduced in 2015, F1 drivers had been forbidden from changing their helmet colours throughout the campaign.
Teams and F1 chiefs felt that the practice of some drivers - like Sebastian Vettel - of switching helmet colours at each race made it difficult for fans to recognise them.
Drivers initially accepted the situation but more recently have begun lobbying the FIA to allow a little leeway.
That came ahead of the Monaco Grand Prix, with the FIA agreeing that each driver would be allowed one special livery each season.
An FIA spokesman said: "We have given each driver one 'joker' which will allow them to use a different helmet design at one race, e.g. his home race."
A number of drivers have used that opportunity for different colours in Monaco this weekend - including Lewis Hamilton and Felipe Massa.
Check out our Monaco GP preview…
Hey folks,
I wanted to take a moment to introduce myself as well as some of the other people on the Rock Band 4 development team. My name is Daniel Sussman and I'm the Product Manager for Rock Band 4 (more on what that actually means below).
Daniel Sussman
I've been at Harmonix for a good chunk of my adult life. My career has been a fairytale – I've worked on amazingly fun games with great people, people that have had a tremendous impact on me. The culture at Harmonix is best defined as “passion driven.” This is a function of the people that have worked on the games we've developed over the years, from the underground titles (FreQuency and EyeToy: AntiGrav) to the smash successes of the Rock Band and Dance Central series. The team we've assembled for Rock Band 4 is made up of some of my dearest friends, people I've worked with for 10+ years, as well as a collection of new faces that bring an infusion of energy and bold, new perspective to the project.
Our organization has seen a lot of changes since its inception in 1995, including some dramatic shifts in the last few years. One of those changes is that every project currently in development has a three-headed leadership team (a Creative Lead, a Development Lead and a Product Manager) that manages the dynamic tension of: creative, logistics, and business (or put another way: design, production, and publishing). The idea here is that each of these different elements is critically important to the success of the project and needs an unabashed champion. This group of 3 needs to be adept at solving hard problems, as our commitment has always been developing quality experiences on time and on budget that appeal to tons of people. Those are our marching orders and we take them seriously.
The leadership of the Rock Band 4 team is an incredibly high-functioning group. Heading up the creative is Greg LoPiccolo.
Greg LoPiccolo
Greg is one of the old guard Harmonix vets. He got his start at Looking Glass and has held a leadership role in all of our greatest games. He's been a great mentor to me – he was the project lead on the first Guitar Hero (where I served as Lead Producer) and put me in a position to take the reins on Guitar Hero II (still one of my favorite PlayStation 2 games of all time). Greg pioneered many of the elements of Rock Band gameplay, working with his creative team to develop band gameplay and, bringing his own musical experience as the bass player from the touring band Tribe, ensured that Rock Band was loaded with authenticity both in the graphic presentation and also in the quality of the musical simulation.
One of my favorite things about Greg is his tireless pursuit of innovation. He's a staunch believer in the creative process and, with Rock Band 4, has us breaking the mold so that we can rebuild it in ways that double down on the elements of Rock Band that made it so fun in the first place. We're not just looking to port Rock Band to the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 – we're trying to improve it along every axis we can think of, most importantly looking at the gameplay itself. While we believe in the core game (it's fun, well tuned, and, well, super fun), Greg has a lot of new ideas that he and the team are working on that we think will re-energize the category and open people's minds about what you can do in a music game. Greg is a critical piece of the puzzle and is one of the few folks on the planet that I would trust to bring the Rock Band franchise back.
Speaking of trust, we have John Veneron heading up the production staff as the Development Lead.
John Veneron
John has a great story at Harmonix as well. He started in QA on the originalRock Band, moved to the community team and then over to production as we ramped up our DLC program. John has a great pedigree in the industry and has become a master of process. He brings a wealth of experience on current gen as well as critical RB experience having managed the DLC pipeline over the years. Given the logistical hurdles we're taking on to rebuild a library of THOUSANDS of songs and honor as many of our players' original purchases as possible, he's absolutely the right guy for the job.
Up and down the team, you have folks that, in true Harmonix fashion, are incredibly interesting people:
Designer Alli Thresher is an actor and musician, performing in just about every format you could imagine.
Audio Lead Eric Brosius is a guitar player with unconscious ability. He plays in a bunch of bands, including a band called “Eddie Japan” that won the illustrious local Boston rock contest ROCK ‘N' ROLL RUMBLE last year.
Artist Jeff Hesser (aka Heff) was an award-winning teacher of sculpture at the Rhode Island School of Design.
I'm singling these folks out as I'm on a plane flying over Utah on my way back from GDC; they're the first names that flew into my head. The whole team is made up of incredibly interesting people who are bringing the weight of their passion and talent to this project. It makes going to the office an absolute joy.
The Rock Band 4 Team
It's been really fun so far and I'm SO psyched to finally be able to talk about it.
In addition to the dev team, we've got an amazing group of guys and gals who are working with me on the publishing and business side to get the word out. A lot of these people are from the original Rock Band Community Team (folks who you probably know) and are now on the Harmonix Publishing Team.
Now, a quick word about this . . . Harmonix is (historically speaking) a developer – we generally make games that Publishers (like EA or MTV Games) then distribute and market. This time around, we are publishing Rock Band 4 OURSELVES (actually, we're teaming up with Mad Catz, which is amazing and will be the subject of another post).
Criss Bürki, Nick Chester, Aaron Trites, Christine Kayser, Daniel Sussman, Rebecca Potter, Eric Pope, and Matt Kristek
We have an awesome team of smart people working on this:
Eric Pope – Eric is my co-Product Manager – my right hand man and the guy that runs the show while I'm flying the world talking to retailers, press, and fans trying to get the word out.
Nick Chester – Nick handles PR for all of Harmonix and is one of the most connected guys in the games industry that I've ever met. It's ridiculous being on the road with him – he's basically a celebrity. He's also the most kick-ass karaoke singer I've ever seen in my entire life.
Rebecca Potter – Rebecca is managing the marketing campaign for RB4. She's a Harmonix veteran in her own right, having managed merchandising, packaging, and general marketing responsibilities for the studio going back to 2008.
Aaron Trites – Many of you reading this know Aaron as HMXHenry. He's been our primary community manager and the voice of our social networks. Aaron is the man.
Christine Kayser – Christine manages our website and online presence. Her organizational skills are one of the things that make me confident that we will pull this off. She's also one of the driving forces behind our livestream, newsletters, and podcasts – the tools we use to keep people in the loop about what's happening at the studio.
Cheryl Gehbauer – Cheryl is our head of music strategy. She is tasked with bringing us the great music that we've put in our games and is a veteran of the music world having worked in the industry for over 15 years.
Publishing this game on our own is one of the crazy things that only Harmonix would try to do. We're doing it this way because we want to bring the best, most unadulterated, the purest Rock Band EVER to market. Quality drives this industry and we believe that our integrity, passion and business savvy-ness will make RB4 the best in the series.
Here's where you come in. While I have the faith that our development team is going to make a great game, we're going to need all of the support we can get from YOU, our supporters and fans. Please sign up to be alerted when pre-orders go live! Please tell your friends how awesome Rock Band is and how great Rock Band 4 will be!
I'm looking forward to introducing you all to more of the development team. In fact, I can't wait to share more about what we're up to, it's gonna be awesome.
HMXHenry, Frank Turner, and Pope
I want to close with lyrics from the Frank Turner song “I Still Believe” which for me, speaks eloquently to the reasons we're doing this in the first place:
And I still believe in the need,
For guitars and drums and desperate poetry.
And I still believe that everyone,
Can find a song for every time they've lost and every time they've won.
So just remember folks we're not just saving lives, we're saving souls,
And we're having fun.
And I still believe.
Now who'd have thought that after all,
Something as simple as rock 'n' roll would save us all.
Yours in rock and roll,
Daniel
Neither Ottawa's police chief nor the head of the police association greeted the provincial government's proposed new regulations for so-called street checks with any enthusiasm Thursday.
Describing the draft regulations as “complex,” Chief Charles Bordeleau said the would-be rules impose “significant new requirements” on police officers simply trying to do their jobs.
Police Association president Matt Skof echoed that concern, suggesting the regulations would leave officers even more “frustrated.”
On Wednesday, Ontario Minister of Community Safety Yasir Naqvi announced regulations that will prohibit police from stopping individuals at random on the street — police carding, as it's called — for the sole purpose of collecting and storing information.
“We're saying that (a police stop) cannot be random, nor arbitrary, nor can it be based on race or the neighbourhood you live in,” Naqvi said.
Bordeleau and Skof questioned the assumptions behind Naqvi's statement, saying police do not act arbitrarily or randomly in making street checks. “The Ottawa Police Service has always maintained that random and arbitrary street checks are illegal and are not practised by our officers,” Bordeleau said.
Skof concurred, maintaining that Ottawa police “do not engage in arbitrary street checks.”
He suggested the government has been listening to those who stand to benefit from restrictions on police street checks. “The most vocal opponents to the practice as it previously stood appear to have been given the biggest seat at the table.”
Skof worried the “blanket policy” will force officers to document voluntary interactions between police and civilians in other ways, making police work even more complex and imposing even more paperwork. Encountering someone on the street, officers might realize they have not followed the new procedures — since they did not anticipate conducting a street check — and that will force them to document those interactions in their regular police reports, he said.
Skof was equally skeptical that the new regulations would shield officers from racial profiling complaints.
Bordeleau, meanwhile, said department officials will review the draft regulations over the next few weeks “to determine the practical applications and project impacts on the scope, approach and budget.”
In the meantime, “our officers will continue the current practice in place until such time as the ministry's new regulations are enacted.”
Naqvi's proposed regulations follow years of debate over carding. A number of Ontario police forces have been hit with allegations that their street check policies reflect institutional racism and racial profiling.
Ottawa police officials have rejected that perspective, pointing out that officers encounter thousands of people every day. The problem, they argue, is that some of those they encounter tend to regard every interaction between police and civilians as a street check, regardless of the reality of a particular situation. In short, not every meeting between a police officer and a member of the public is a “street check.”
Police also argue that street checks often provide them with useful information that can help prevent or even solve a crime.
Darryl Davies, a criminologist at Carleton University, questions that claim, arguing there is “no empirical evidence that carding solves crimes.”
The “carding of citizens is not only discriminatory but a violation of the doctrine of the presumption of innocence,” he wrote in a recent letter to the Citizen.
With files from Shaamini Yogaretnam
rsibley@ottawacitizen.com
Sooooo, I'm checking my mail and when I come across this I can't help but laugh󾌸...wait, it's not funny though. Where... Posted by Ronica Copes on Thursday, May 21, 2015
Police in New York are investigating an anonymous hate-filled letter found in a Long Island family's mailbox.Ronica Copes, 37, says she opened her mail last week to find a single-page computer printed anonymous note demanding that she and her family leave Lindenhurst where they live, because, quote "YOU DON'T BELONG HERE!"The letter is not addressed specifically to the Copes, however it calls the attention of "AFRICAN-AMERICAN FAMILY" and points out that Lindenhurst is predominantly white.It reads, "PLEASE LEAVE LINDHURST AS SOON AS YOU CAN. IT WILL BE BETTER FOR ALL OF US. FIND THE TOWN WHERE THERE ARE MORE PEOPLE LIKE YOU. SORRY IF THIS IS RUDE, BUT IT'S THE TRUTH."Ronica posted the letter on Facebook and then decided with the rest of the family to call police.Her family has garnered support from all over, condemning the letter that was actually pretty rude and clearly not up with the times of accepting others regardless of their skin color...So far the post has been shared more than 1,700 times across Facebook.Malaike Chikazunga responded to Ronica's post, saying, "I don't mess around when it comes to things like this... I have no tolerance for discrimination, racism or harassment."The original letter is now in the hands of the Suffolk County Police Department which is investigating this as a possible hate crime.
Advisory
The Albany Police Department has learned that three presidential candidates will be coming to the City of Albany next week.
On Monday, April 11, 2016, Ohio Governor John Kasich, Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders and businessman Donald Trump are all planning on holding events.
Governor Kasich is scheduled to be at the Fort Orange Club, 110 Washington Avenue from 12:00 p.m. to approximately 2:00 p.m. for a private event.
Senator Sanders will be holding a rally at the Washington Avenue Armory located at the corner of Lark Street and Washington Avenue. Doors will open at 11:00 a.m. and Senator Sanders is scheduled to speak at 2:00 p.m. The event will conclude at approximately 3:30 p.m.
The following parking restrictions will be in effect near the Washington Avenue Armory:
Parking Restrictions - Monday, April 11, 2016 from 6:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
• NO PARKING - Both sides of Elk Street from Dove Street to Lark Street.
Donald Trump will be holding a rally at The Times Union Center, 51 South Pearl Street. Doors will open at 4:00 p.m. and Trump is scheduled to speak at 7:00 p.m. The event will conclude at approximately 9:00 p.m.
The following road closure and parking restrictions will be implemented near the Times Union Center:
Parking Restrictions: Monday, April 11, 2016 from 8:00 a.m. to Midnight
• NO PARKING – Both sides of South Pearl Street from State Street to Market Street.
Road Closure: Monday, April 11, 2016 from 9:00 a.m. to Midnight
• South Pearl Street from Beaver Street to Hudson Avenue will be closed to ALL TRAFFIC
Residents and motorists in the City of Albany may expect delays near these locations throughout the day and are urged to seek alternate routes. Police officers will be present at all three locations to assist with security and with both vehicle and traffic related issues.
FLINT (AP) — An AmeriCorps team plans to be in Flint to support state and local efforts to protect public health after problems with lead in the city's water supply.
The Corporation for National and Community Service announced the plans Friday for the AmeriCorps National Civilian Community Corps team, which will be deployed for three months starting Feb. 1.
Serving through the United Way of Genesee County, the team will carry out projects to improve education and public health, including going door-to-door to educate residents on using water filters appropriately. The team will work closely with other agencies.
An emergency has been declared in Flint where water drawn from the Flint River leached lead from old plumbing for months. In Lansing on Thursday, the governor pledged additional state assistance for Flint.
This is the first part of a planned series about rustc , the Rust compiler
I remember first hearing about Rust during the summer of 2011. In fact, I remember the exact moment. I was at MIT, doing their Junction program. It was during a seminar about semiconductors. I remember browsing through the source on github, getting lost, and going home.
Fast forward to two months ago. A slashdot post appears, bringing Rust back to the forefront of my consciousness. By this point I'd actually gained some programming chops, gotten a job, etc. I read through the Wikipedia article, though “hey, this looks like it has potential,” and forgot about it.
Fast forward a week or two. The matasano crypto challenges were linked on HN. “Our friend Maciej says these challenges are a good way to learn a new language, so maybe now's the time to pick up Clojure or Rust.” And pick up Rust I did. Rust was a pretty easy language to get started with, with my predominantly Python, C, and Lua background. Especially for the crypto challenges, which start off fairly basic.
First, some warnings:
Rust is pre-alpha software. Backwards incompatible changes happen weekly, either in the libraries, or in the language. It's probably best to not write any “serious” code in Rust right now, unless you plan on fixing it every few weeks to keep up with the language. The nice part about contributing code to the compiler is that when someone changes the language or a library, it is their job to fix the code that uses it.
Make sure to use the master branch, and use the doc links under “Trunk”. It will save you pain. Nothing is worse than accidentally using the 0.6 documentation and finding that a method has been renamed or removed, and getting confused when the build fails halfway through.
The Rust compiler is poorly written. This is an artifact of being written in Rust, which, as stated, changes rapidly. Some code is very old, and uses very old idioms, or doesn't use newer language features that would be cleaner and easier to read. If you notice this, try and fix it! If you notice it, that means you already more-or-less know what needs to be done to clean it up a bit. If the change is very invasive, it's probably best to open an issue and let an experienced dev deal with it. An example of a cleanup is pull request 7315, which cleaned up indentation and replaced some if s with match es.
Do not, repeat, not, use the rustc code as a source of “how to write Rust.” Almost all of it is bad code. I don't even know where to tell you to look to find consistently good code. The upside is that generally reviewers will catch suboptimal code, and suggest improvements. This pull request, for example, used some old Rust idioms, which the reviewers suggested fixes for. So feel free to get elbow-deep in code without worrying too much about whether the code you're writing is good or bad. General guidelines: avoid @ always, avoid ~ usually, use Option and Result , handle errors. That will guide you straight most of the time, and by the time you know when to ignore those, you probably already know what good Rust code is.
Getting started
The first thing I did was, of course, go to the home page. I read the feature summary (which seemed mostly unchanged from when I first saw it. Indeed, looking in the wayback machine, it is mostly unchanged). I read the example, and clicked “tutorial” over on the left. I built the compiler while doing this. There are instructions for building Rust over at the wiki. It's a lot easier to get started if you're using Linux or Mac, though not impossible on Windows (just a bit more setup and waiting).
The tutorial left me confused and alone, and I'm sure it did the same to you. But it gave me enough information that I could write a base64 encode and decoder, although I constantly referenced the tutorial. By this point I had moved on to the second matasano challenge, and I found my first compiler bug: really poor error messages. Of course I had to fix this! Error messages are easy, right?
Yes and no. With a codebase as large and complex as a compiler, there are many layers of stuff you need to pick apart to figure out the cause and fix of an issue. In my case, it was easy, just grep for the error message. The fix, however, was more complex. I had to figure out how to turn a “span” (the compiler's way of matching up an AST node with a chunk of source code) in a string. Often you'll need to go digging through other files to figure out what you can do, what data structures there are, etc.
Rust makes this easy! There are no IDEs or any fancy tools, but Rust source is insanely grep able. You see a method call like parser.parse_ident(...) , you just need to grep for fn parse_ident . Of course, actually understanding what the method does is a whole new can of worms…
Picking an issue to fix
I think the best way to pick an issue to fix is to fix a bug you encounter yourself. Ask in IRC about it, often someone will be online that either knows about it and can point you in the right direction, or at the very least help reproduce, debug, and sift through the issue trcker.
There is the E-easy label on certain issues. These is issues that shouldn't take too much trickery to get done, though they might take some time to get “acclimated” to the codebase. E-easy doesn't mean fast, it means easy. It might be tedius or take non-trivial amounts of effort, but it shouldn't require overarching design issues or a lot of knowledge about rust or rust internals.
Documentation always needs writing. Open a random file from libstd or libextra, look for functions, structs, enums, and traits that aren't documented. You'll get to see a bunch of Rust code, probably using features you wouldn't otherwise see writing “normal” code.
After you fix it
Once you fix the issue, open a pull request. See GitHub's help for how to do this. If you get stuck or need additional help, jump onto IRC (webchat) and ask. Someone will have to review your changes, ask “r? $link_to_pull_request” in IRC to expedite the process.
Feel free to ping me (cmr) on IRC if you have any questions or problem.
The 2014 AT&T MLS All-Star game will have a World Cup feel to it, and it's not just because Bayern Munich are coming to town.
Major League Soccer released the Fan XI for this year's showcase in Portland (Aug. 6, 9 pm ET | ESPN2, UniMas in the US; TSN/RDS in Canada), and eight of the 11 players chosen come from the United States men's national team's 2014 World Cup squad, while the other three have all been to the world's biggest show and share eight World Cup participations between them.
Clint Dempsey and DeAndre Yedlin (Seattle Sounders), Matt Besler and Graham Zusi (Sporting Kansas City), Kyle Beckerman and Nick Rimando (Real Salt Lake), Omar Gonzalez (LA Galaxy), and Michael Bradley (Toronto FC) all represented the United States in Brazil, while Gonzalez's Galaxy teammate, Landon Donovan, appeared for the USMNT in the 2002, 2006, 2010 World Cups and has more goals than any other American in World Cup play.
Rounding out the field and giving the Sounders the highest representation with three players in the Fan XI is Obafemi Martins, who represented Nigeria in the 2010 World Cup, and Thierry Henry of the New York Red Bulls, who was a World Cup winner in 1998, and a participant in 2002, 2006 and 2010 with France.
On the other side, Bayern Munich field seven players in Germany's World Cup-winning team, and a total of 14 players who represented their respective country at the 2014 World Cup.
The top teams in MLS are heavily represented in the selection, with the Supporters' Shield-leading Sounders, 2013 MLS Cup finalists RSL and Sporting, and 2011 and 2012 MLS Cup winners LA Galaxy all sending multiple players.
Ten of the Fan XI received the most votes at their respective positions from combined fan voting online at MLSsoccer.com and via Twitter, from a ballot of 152 players nominated by media members. One forward, Martins, was selected via the AT&T/EA SPORTS™ “More than a Vote” Challenge, where the MLS forward with the most goals scored by EA SPORTS FIFA 14 players earned a spot on the Fan XI.
Players who were close to the leading vote-getters at their positions, but finished outside the Fan XI include, in alphabetical order by last name: Steven Beitashour (Vancouver Whitecaps FC), Júlio César (Toronto FC), Tim Cahill (New York Red Bulls), Aurelien Collin (Sporting Kansas City), Jermain Defoe (Toronto FC) and Benny Feilhaber (Sporting Kansas City).
There aren't yet any Portland Timbers players on this year's group, but All-Star and Timbers head coach Caleb Porter could well send some when he names the rest of his All-Star game-day roster, to be revealed on July 19 during halftime of the ESPN2 broadcast of the Sporting Kansas City-LA Galaxy game (6 pm ET).
The Fan XI will not necessarily be the starting lineup against Bayern Munich, though. The 20-man game-day roster will be decided from among the Fan XI, Commissioner Don Garber's two All-Star picks, and players that received at least two votes from their fellow players, all based on player availability and tactical considerations.
From there, MLS players will determine the remainder of the 32 All-Stars named annually per the collective bargaining agreement, otherwise known as the "inactive roster." The final list of 32 All-Stars (4 goalkeepers, 8 defenders, 13 midfielders, 7 forwards) will be announced on MLSsoccer.com on Aug. 6.
2014 MLS All-Star Fan XI:
Goalkeeper: Nick Rimando (Real Salt Lake)
Defenders: Matt Besler (Sporting Kansas City), Omar Gonzalez (LA Galaxy), DeAndre Yedlin (Seattle Sounders)
Midfielders: Clint Dempsey (Seattle Sounders), Michael Bradley (Toronto FC), Kyle Beckerman (Real Salt Lake), Graham Zusi (Sporting Kansas City)
Forwards: Landon Donovan (LA Galaxy), Thierry Henry (New York Red Bulls), Obafemi Martins (Seattle Sounders)
Image copyright Microsoft Image caption Microsoft has published some of the ransomware code
A global cyber-attack that affected companies around the world may have started via corrupted updates on a piece of accountancy software.
Fingers are increasingly pointing to a piece of Ukrainian tax-filing software, MEDoc, as the source of the infection, although the company denies it.
Malware generally infiltrates networks via email attachments that users click on in error.
Microsoft described the method as "a recent dangerous trend".
The cyber-attack has caused disruption around the world and infected companies in 64 countries, including banks in Ukraine, Russian oil giant Rosneft, British advertising company WPP and US law firm DLA Piper.
Automatic updates
Shipping giant Maersk said it was unable to process new orders and was expecting delays to consignments, while one of Europe's largest port operators in Rotterdam said that it had to use manual processes, and Dutch global parcel service TNT said it was operating with restrictions.
A Cadbury's factory on the island state of Tasmania ground to a halt when computer systems went down, according to Australian Manufacturing and Workers Union state secretary John Short.
Ukraine was hit hardest, suggesting the attack might be politically motivated.
According to anti-virus vendor ESET, 80% of all infections were in Ukraine, with Germany second hardest hit with about 9%.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Technology explained: what is ransomware?
A growing number of security experts, including the British malware expert Marcus Hutchins - credited with ending the WannaCry ransomware outbreak - claim to have logs that reveal MEDoc as the source.
In email correspondence with the BBC, Mr Hutchins said: "It looks like the software's automatic update system was compromised and used to download and run malware rather than updates for the software."
It was not yet clear how it had been compromised, he added.
MEDoc has denied the claims, in a Facebook post - but in a blog post analysing how the infection had taken hold on Windows machines, Microsoft also points the finger at the accounting software.
"Active infections of the ransomware initially started from the legitimate MEDoc update process," it writes.
Possible channel
Alan Woodward, a computer scientist from the University of Surrey, said: The ironic thing about this situation (if it proves to be the case) is that we always advise users to keep their software up to date, ideally using automated updates.
"However, it assumes hackers can't take over the update process and misuse it.
"This process is normally a very tightly controlled process, so this is unusual.
"I can imagine many vendors are now triple-checking to make sure they don't end up being an attack vector."
He said that it showed "hackers will probe every possible channel" to find a route into systems.
"As users there isn't a lot we can do as we are in the hands of the software vendors."
As to how the infection spread beyond Ukraine, he added: "I wouldn't mind betting that a lot of these multinationals such as Maersk and Merck had this software installed."
Mikko Hypponen, a security expert at F-Secure, has studied the recruitment pages of many of the companies affected and found that some did indeed use the MeDoc software.
"If you do business in Ukraine, the software appears to be de facto," he said.
There were other anomalies in the attack that pointed to it having been targeted, said Prof Woodward.
"The software was sophisticated, but the attackers only provided one single email address and that was closed down very quickly so it is difficult not to conclude that this wasn't about money but targeted at Ukraine or those doing business with it," he said.
Nightmare scenario
A Kremlin spokesman said that the malware attack had caused no serious damage in Russia.
"Protection systems have been quite effective both at state and corporate levels," said presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov.
He added that the origin of the attack remained unclear.
Most security experts agree that the virus, thought to be a new variant of the Petya ransomware, was spread using a Windows vulnerability known as Eternal Blue, discovered by the National Security Agency and leaked online.
Mr Hypponen told the BBC that it was "completely clear" that hackers in both WannaCry and Petya outbreaks had used the NSA exploit.
The fact that it had now been leaked and was being used by criminal or political hackers was "a nightmare scenario" for the intelligence agency, he said.
"It chose to use the exploit, not tell Microsoft about it and weaponise it, and now it has been leaked, made public and used in an attack," he said.
The NSA has not publicly acknowledged that its tools have been used in any hacking attacks, but it has not denied it either.
How does the new ransomware spread?
Image copyright Getty Images
Typically ransomware spreads via email, with the aim of fooling recipients into clicking on malware-laden files that cause a PC's data to become scrambled before making a blackmail demand.
But other ransomware, including Wannacry, has also spread via "worms" - self-replicating programs that spread from computer to computer hunting for vulnerabilities they can exploit.
The current attack is thought to have worm-like properties.
Several experts believe that one way it breaches companies' cyber-defences is by hijacking an automatic software updating tool used to upgrade an tax accountancy program.
Once it has breached an organisation, it uses a variety of means to spread internally to other computers on the same network.
One of these is via the so-called EternalBlue hack - an exploit thought to have been developed by US cyberspies, which takes advantage of a weakness in a protocol used to let computers and other equipment talk to each other, known as the Server Message Block (SMB).
Another is to steal IT staffs' credentials and then make use of two administrative tools: PsExec, a program that allows software installations and other tasks to be carried out remotely; and WMIC (Windows Management Instrumentation Command-line) a program that allows PCs to be controlled by typing in commands rather than via a graphical-interface.
Once a PC is infected, the malware targets a part of its operating system called the Master File Table (MFT).
It is essential for the system to know where to find files on the computer.
The advantage of doing this rather than trying to encrypt everything on the PC is the task can be achieved much more quickly.
Then between 10 to 60 minutes later, the malware forces a reboot of the computer, which then informs the user it is locked and requires a payment for them to get a decryption key.
Updated on 6/21 at 12:45 p.m..
A developer's effort to build Minneapolis' first Trader Joe's in the Lyn-Lake area fell short Thursday when a key city panel voted against rezoning.
The decision, which must be ratified by the full City Council, effectively kills plans to develop a 40,000-square-foot area into a grocery and liquor store on 27th Street and Lyndale Ave. South. The city's zoning and planning committee denied rezoning on a unanimous voice vote.
The project needed a higher-grade commercial zoning to accomodate the size of the development and a proposed liquor store attachment.
“This is not about Trader Joe's. This is about a zoning change. Period," said Council Member Meg Tuthill, who represents the surrounding area.
Tuthill opposed rezoning because it would benefit "one entity and one entity only."
"That totally goes against my grain," Tuthill said. "I personally consider that spot rezoning. I don't think it's healthy."
In a staff report prepared for Thursday's meeting, city development staff recommend that the rezoning be approved. The report said rezoning could be considered in the interest of one property owner, but also in the "public interest" because it is consistent with policies for commercial corridors.
The board of the local neighborhood group, Lowry Hill East Neighborhood Association, voted against a measure to support the rezoning, however.
Gary Schiff, chair of the zoning and planning committee, noted that the parcels already contain mixed-used developments.
“We would be going a big step backwards rezoning this for a single-use development," Schiff said.
A representative of TOLD development, Trent Mayberry, declined to comment immediately following the vote. The Council will likely take final action on the project next Friday.
The store would have been Trader Joes' first in Minneapolis. The existing metro-area locations are in St. Paul, St. Louis Park, Minnetonka, Woodbury and Maple Grove.
It's not the first time the grocery chain has tried -- unsuccessfully -- to break into Minnesota's largest city. Trader Joe's attempted to open a store at 22nd Street and Lyndale Ave. South in 2009, but failed to garner necessary exemptions to bypass a spacing requirement between liquor stores.
One of the most delightful ways to experience Epcot is noshing your way around World Showcase, and now Holidays Around the World is adding more food and drink for the winter celebration November 25-December 30.
Stop at Prost! in Germany for an artisan cheese plate or sauerbraten with red cabbage and spätzle. Drinks include alcoholic ciders, Williams Punch (hot), Caramel Kiss featuring Werther's Caramel and glüwein (house-made hot spiced wine).
American Holiday Table in the American Adventure Pavilion is serving Slow-roasted turkey with stuffing, mashed potatoes and cranberry sauce. And seared pork tenderloin with green bean casserole, roasted sweet potato wedges and a Champagne demi-glace. Drinks include Shipyard Eggnog White Porter Aged on Bourbon, Firenog (eggnog with Fireball Whisky), Great American Wine Company Red Blend and Chardonnay, hot chocolate, eggnog and Cocoa Candy Cane (hot chocolate with peppermint Schnapps).
Head to the Alpine Haus between Morocco and France for duck confit, dumplings and roasted Brussels sprouts with a fig reduction; cheese fondue in a bread bowl with fresh steamed vegetables, and sachertorte, a chocolate cake with apricot jam and dark chocolate glaze.. Drinks include Frozen Winter Spice Hot Chocolate featuring Twinings of London Tea (alcoholic and non-alcoholic version available) Weingut Stadt Krems Gruner Vetliner White Wine and Heinrich Red Blend.
Seasonal Southern Delights near World Showcase Plaza is offering hoppin' john (black-eyed peas, ham hocks and kale with rice and cornbread crumbles); blackened catfish with white cheddar grits with okra, tomato and onion stew, and chocolate pecan tart. Drinks include Frozen S'Mores and Central 28 beers.
Feast of the Three Kings Feast near World Showcase Plaza pays homage to Three Kings Day, widely celebrated in Spain, Latin America and the Caribbean. Look for a shredded beef tamale with avocado crema; roasted pork with mashed yucca and pickled green bananas, and Three Kings Bread. Drinks will include a Coquito (coconut milk) and Coquito with rum floater.
Hot and cold drinks will be offered all around World Showcase, as well as holidays sweets such as the Mickey Santa Hat cupcake at Fountain View restaurant, chocolate honey baklava in Morocco, panettone (Italian Christmas cake) in Italy, gingerbread ice cream and buche de Noel au chocolat (Christmas cake shaped like a log) in France, pai cha (Beijing-style fried dough twist with sesame) in China and guava tamales in Mexico.
In theory, crowdsourced “citizen journalism” is a good idea. After all, all it really takes to be a journalist is certain critical-thinking skills and/or access to information that other people don't have. Gather a big enough crowd online and that is a lot of brainpower, a lot of access to information.
Of course, that isn't how things seem to work these days at all. Rather, whatever potential the concept of crowdsourced citizen journalism has is getting squandered rather spectacularly.
Take the final weeks of this brutal presidential campaign, where there's by now a well-established pattern: Every time WikiLeaks drops a new trove of Hillary Clinton or Democratic National Committee emails, a torrent of bullshit is uncorked. That's because countless citizen journalists rush to pore over the documents, posting j'accuse screen-grabs ripped from context that are quickly retweeted through huge, hyperactive networks of anti-Clinton Twitter denizens.
Many of these accounts are small, but there are plenty of big accounts helping to tweet and retweet the hysteria. Here was one of the most noteworthy examples from last week:
New York Times warns Hillary campaign in advance of stories they are about to publish. https://t.co/Nz6EwzT7id #PodestaEmails7 pic.twitter.com/VDDCRDxlPe — Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) October 14, 2016
To any working — that is to say, professional — journalist, there's nothing here. Not because we're trying to cover up collusion, but because this is a perfectly conventional interaction between a writer and subject. If I find out something about a subject and plan on writing about it, then it's my professional obligation to reach out and let them know that that story is in the pipeline, to give them a chance to comment (it's also not unusual to just give them a courtesy heads-up, especially if it's a source or subject you have a preexisting relationship with and plan on working with more in the future).
The headline description of this email is “Journalist Does Job.” And yet it, and countless other nothing snippets of nothing emails, has been crackling energetically across gonzo social media. Here's InfoWars misinterpreting some of the leaked material to claim John Podesta may have assassinated Antonin Scalia (17,000-plus shares), to take one example. And these paranoid networks also circulate plenty of false political rumors that have nothing to do with the WikiLeaks leaks, of course: Here's a troll making a joke about ripping up conservative election ballots, which subsequently got picked up by both Matt Drudge and Rush Limbaugh, infecting millions with a spectacular false rumor.
There are, of course, insights to be gleaned from the leaked emails, plenty of them damning for Clinton and/or the campaign and/or the DNC, and in a better world, they might be uncovered by citizen journalists. Instead, they're being reported on by the mainstream media. In The New Republic, David Dayen explained that some of the leaks reveal important details about the question of whether future Democratic econ and finance policy will be driven by old-school, corporate-friendly wonks in the “Bob Rubin school,” or a more progressive wing of experts led by Elizabeth Warren. In the New York Times, Amy Chozick and Nicholas Confessore, two of that paper's top political reporters, explained how the leaked Goldman Sachs transcripts likely would have hurt Clinton during her fight against Bernie Sanders's populist insurgency. Politico published a helpful, regularly updated blog in which its reporters highlight and explain key bits from the leaks.
These are stories written by people with knowledge of what they are covering, who can explain the meaning of a given email and its broader context from a place that isn't slick with spittle. And there's no reason, necessarily, that citizen journalists couldn't have done some of this work. Surely, there are other, far less famous people on Twitter who have important contributions to make to this discussion as well: retired bureaucrats and political-science professors and laid-off print journalists and anyone else with the relevant knowledge and something interesting or important to say.
And yet this sort of coverage and commentary — sane commentary, originating from a place of basic competence and knowledge and good faith — probably accounts for something like 5 percent of the total online content generated by the leaks. The rest is misunderstanding and innuendo and malicious misrepresentation, and it's doing serious damage to democracy's ability to function. There's just no way to have any sort of actual conversation about anything when a very loud, very engaged minority of the population is reacting to bullshit.
I could see someone responding to these complaints with a shrug, with a isn't new! After all, media in the United States has been ideologically segmented for a long time. Fox News is no longer the new kid on the block. It was more than six years ago that the libertarian writer Julian Sanchez first coined the term “epistemic closure” to refer to online communities that seem to exist according to their own closed, parallel conception of reality, immune to debunking. For a long time, the fact that a big chunk of America lives in a paranoid, fearful parallel news-universe has been a problem.
But there are good reasons to think that things are much worse today than they were in even the recent past, and that we could be approaching some sort of precipice. One is the total collapse of any sort of institutional authority whatsoever. Eight years after the election of Obama jarred something permanently loose in conservatives' collective consciousness and gave rise to the tea party, a movement that helped demonstrate the thriving American market for conspiracy-driven, racially tinged populist resentment, there is no dam to stop the flood of screaming online conservative paranoiacs. The mainstream GOP that might once have held its right wing in check is now the party of traitorous sellout cucks. Fox News — which only yesterday, it seems, was viewed by liberals as a worst-case scenario of conservative propaganda and misinformation, but which does exhibit some whiff of journalistic standards when it comes to the ethics of disseminating the gonzo-est of conspiracy theories — has been abandoned by the unhinged wing of the right for the crime of not being sufficiently enthusiastic about Making America Great Again.
The reason for this shift, in part, is that Establishment outlets and political parties can no longer control the frame of discussion: The internet and social media have given Alex Jones and Paul Joseph Watson and Breitbart and a whole host of others directs access to a huge market of the most credulous consumers imaginable, allowing them to peddle globalist progressive Syrian ACORN whatever conspiracy — a sales pitch that explicitly undermines the authority of their larger, institutional competitors (“Why won't the mainstream media report on this?!?!”). Online, the riled-up conservative masses meet (granted, in much smaller numbers) the Monsanto paranoiacs and Jill Stein voters of the left, who are similarly unwilling to accede to Establishment notions like, you know, truth and facticity. And all of these people and outlets are happy to retweet and publish articles about every new “revelation” churned up by the dogged citizen journalists convinced we are one leaked email away from ironclad proof that the Democratic nominee is a deranged serial killer.
Which brings us to the other reason to feel hopeless: Things are so much faster than they have ever been. Misinformation spreads within seconds of being posted and can't be stuffed back whence it came. I've now seen several people post screen-grabs of some sensational false claim made on Twitter about the WikiLeaks dumps, and then a follow-up tweet correction saying, “Whoops, I misunderstood.” Inevitably, the correction gains a tiny fraction of the attention as the false claim, which ricochets around for days. Plus, when new revelations are unearthed, everyone wants to be the first to draw attention to them. There's zero incentive to fact-check, because slip-ups are forgotten so quickly, and because the members of the community spreading these falsehoods so forcefully reject — or are unfamiliar with — the values of skepticism and fact-checking, since they already know that Hillary Clinton poses an existential threat to the American life, since they already know that she has committed treason and should maybe be executed. This is a credulous, angry, hair-trigger crowd.
There might really be no way out from this. Social scientists have had a very tough time figuring out any reliable way to effectively debunk conspiracy theories, and one brutal feature of the current tire fire is that the people who are in the best position to sift myth from fact — that is, journalists and wonks with expertise — are exactly the people who are not to be trusted, because they are part of a giant conspiracy theory to undermine the people. It could all be leading us to a very dark place: What happens when the size of the population who believes in this stuff hits a critical mass? What happens when these people break off completely even from Fox News and the broader world of mainstream conservative thought?
We're all engaging in a big, messy experiment in how human beings produce, consume, and disseminate knowledge, and in how they form ideological and identity-based alliances with one another. There's never before been anything like it, and it's not going well so far.
Rodeo Clown 'Would Be Honored' To Shake Obama's Hand
"I didn't do this to do any hating on anyone. I did this to be funny. I did it to be a joke," says Tuffy Gessling, the rodeo clown behind a skit at the Missouri State Fair earlier this month that sparked outrage when a masked "President Obama" was chased by a bull that Gessling said was "gonna getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha!"
That, and reports of another clown playing with the lips of the Obama mask, led some in the crowd to compare the act to a "Klan rally" and prompted politicians from both major parties to condemn the performance.
In his first on-camera TV interview, Gessling tells Kansas City's KCTV that he's had death threats since the incident and the publicity that followed. But he believes the skit was no different than others before. "I didn't think anything more of it than what we've done 15 years ago, 10 years ago, five years ago, when we've done it with Bush, Clinton and Ronald Reagan," Gessling tells the station.
Of the uproar, Gessling says: "Look at the country as a whole, there is a lot more to be mad at than a rodeo clown at a rodeo trying to make somebody laugh."
According to KCTV, "Gessling is inviting politicians to come out," to rodeos where he performs in the future, to "watch and grill him with any questions they have."
"If President Obama turns out, I would be honored to shake his hand," Gessling said.
CENTENNIAL — Aurora theater shooting suspect James Holmes received six deliveries from an online ammunition vendor and had other packages sent to his apartment “on an almost daily basis” in the weeks before the mass murder, search warrants unsealed Wednesday show.
Aurora police detectives sought Holmes' shipping and delivery records, believing they would reveal purchases of weapons, ammunition, body armor, chemicals and explosives used in the July 20 attack at the Century Aurora 16 movie theater. Arapahoe County District Court Judge Carlos A. Samour Jr. also unsealed four other applications for police to pore over Holmes' financial, phone and e-mail records as well as his iPod touch.
Holmes is charged with 166 counts of murder, attempted murder and other offenses in connection with the shooting, in which 12 people were killed and 58 more were wounded by gunfire. He has formally asked to change his plea to not guilty by reason of insanity. Both sides will argue over the constitutionality of a number of insanity-plea rules at a hearing Thursday before a judge can decide whether to accept Holmes' plea change.
Detectives were trying to learn about Holmes' “culpable mental state” when they asked a judge to let them search his property. Detective Mark Yacano told a judge he believed the iPod alone would provide clues about his planning and purchases as well as “communications between the suspect in this case and other potential suspects,” according to one of the applications.
In another document, a FedEx security officer told police there had been 10 deliveries to Holmes' apartment on Paris Street in Aurora between February and July 2012. Two other deliveries were to Holmes' parents' home in San Diego.
FedEx identified six packages from BulkAmmo.com, which says it offers “the best deals to the most serious shooters.” Holmes placed the orders on June 28. Police who searched his apartment after the shooting found trip wires, propane tanks, and bottles filled with liquid and ammunition.
Wednesday's release offered few new glimpses into the investigation, as much of the information was detailed in court hearings earlier this year. The Denver Post and other media outlets sued to have the documents unsealed.
Sadie Gurman: 303-954-1661, sgurman@denverpost.com or twitter.com/sgurman
"Poll-driven panic has produced a revolving-door prime ministership which can't be good for our country. And a febrile media culture has developed that rewards treachery," he said. Former Liberal prime minister John Howard said polls motivated the Liberal Party to dump Tony Abbott. Credit:Steven Siewert "And if there's one piece of advice I can give to the media, it's this: refuse to print self-serving claims that the person making them won't put his or her name to. Refuse to connive at dishonour by acting as the assassin's knife." Mr Abbott's critique was picked up by many of his backers in the Murdoch tabloids and on talkback radio, but rejected by Mr Howard. "I'm not into blaming the media," he said. "They have a very important role to play in public life.
"I do think we are living in a more supercharged, frenetic, top-of-the-head [media] environment and it is different. Our second-longest-serving prime minister, John Howard said he liked living at The Lodge. Credit:Steven Siewert "I can understand people drawing surface comparisons but I think there's more to the surface comparisons. "I do think the major reason the Liberal Party made the change was the state of the polls." Illustration: Cathy Wilcox
"Politics is relentlessly driven by the laws of arithmetic and I do think, if the polls had been different, even to a modest but measurable degree, there may not have been a change." Mr Howard declined to reveal if he believed the party room took the right decision in deposing Mr Abbott. "Ultimately, the Australian people will decide that," he said. He also refused to say whether - as reported - he had advised Mr Abbott to offer Malcolm Turnbull the treasurer's position earlier this year to heal divisions and provide a circuit-breaker to his political misfortune. He added he was glad he helped persuade Mr Turnbull not to quit politics in 2010, although he did not anticipate at the time that he would become Prime Minister.
Mr Howard had generous praise for Mr Abbott, highlighting the end of asylum seekers arriving in Australia by boat, the axing of the carbon and mining taxes and the efforts to repair the budget as "very significant legacies". In his view, perhaps Mr Abbott's greatest political achievement was almost defeating a first-term Labor government in 2010. "He effectively ... killed off a first-term Labor government. It may have taken another three years for it to be buried and cremated, but it was killed off at the 2010 election," he said. "Nobody else leading the Liberal Party could have achieved that." He revealed he was surprised when Mr Abbott overthrew Mr Turnbull when he was opposition leader in 2009.
"But, by heaven, once he got the job, he made the most of it." As for Mr Turnbull, he was "a very good minister" in the his government who explains economic concepts "very clearly and very lucidly". "That, as he indicated yesterday, would be an important part of the skill set that he brings to his new responsibilities," Mr Howard said. "He will have all the support and advice that he may care to seek from me ... as much as or little as he chooses." After 11 years as prime minister, Mr Howard is Australia's second longest serving prime minister.
Loading He was ousted eight years ago but remains the last Australian prime minister to serve a full term. Follow us on Twitter
Luminant Mining Co. is not thrilled with the predicament that they are currently facing in Dirgin, Texas. The company wishes to acquire a 9.1 acre plot of land for their business, but has been unsuccessful thus far. This is largely in part to the resistance on the part of Ida Finley and her family. Ida, who is just a few weeks shy of her 102nd birthday, has held on to this land for some time. Ida's late husband, Adolphus, worked on the land and before that his parents worked on that land as slaves.
Around the end of the 1880's The slave masters gave 100 acres of land to the parents of Ida's husband and Luminant says that the family purchased the land from two Confederate veterans. Adolphus' parents left no will and the land was divided up among their five children. When Luminant's predecessor came to town, they began ripping up trees and land to get to lignite, a low grade of coal. Adolphus sold 9.4 acres of land to them for $1000, a decision that he regretted for the next two years until his death.
Luminant only offered Kay Moore, one of Ida's neices, $3,000 for the property that she owns, which they claim is higher than it was appraised for. But surely the mining company did not have the history and the culture of that land appraised with it. Kay says that she will not be able to part with the land. Growing up, she would go on horseback riding trips and she would do meals there with her Aunt Ida.
The law is that when a spouse dies without a will, a surviving spouse may continue to live on the land, but the property itself is passed on to a blood relative. As a result of this law, Ida only owns the house on the property and not the land. Even though her granddaughter Jacquelin is leading this charge, neither party actually owns the land that they are working so hard to defend.
For other albums, see Babel#Albums
2012 studio album by Mumford & Sons
Babel is the second studio album by British rock band Mumford & Sons. As with Sigh No More, the album was produced by Markus Dravs. The vinyl LP version of the record was pressed by United Record Pressing in Nashville, Tennessee. It was released on 21 September 2012 in Ireland, Germany, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, Norway, Australia and New Zealand. It was released on 24 September 2012 in the United Kingdom, Scandinavia, Spain, Italy, Eastern Europe, South America, and on 25 September 2012 in the United States and Canada.[1]
Upon its release, Babel debuted at number one on both the UK Albums Chart and the US Billboard 200.[2][3] It became the fastest-selling album of 2012 in the UK, selling over 159,000 copies in its first week, and was the biggest selling debut of any album in 2012 in the US at the time, selling 600,000 in its first week.[2][3] The album received generally positive reviews from music critics and was nominated in the category of Album of the Year for both a Brit Award and Grammy Award, winning the latter.
Background [ edit ]
In late 2010, Mumford & Sons had already begun road-testing new material that they had been working on. Most of these songs, including "Broken Crown" and "Below My Feet", had already been played live on numerous occasions before the album's release. Mumford & Sons decided not to change their sound on Babel, which is the follow-up to 2009's highly successful Sigh No More, which elevated them to international fame. They did, however, admit that they purposely took their time in order to perfect the sound that they had already developed.
After a year of speculation, it was finally announced via their official website on Monday, 16 July 2012 that their new album Babel would be released in the UK on 24 September, and the following day in the US. A final track list and album art were also revealed, as well as a 30-second promo. Babel was made available for preorder on the band's official website on Monday, 23 July, when it was announced that the album would also be released as a vinyl LP and a deluxe edition with additional tracks.[4]
Singles [ edit ]
The album's official lead single is "I Will Wait". The band premiered the song on Zane Lowe's BBC Radio 1 show on 7 August 2012.[5] On 29 August 2012, Mumford & Sons recorded their live performance of "I Will Wait" at Red Rocks Amphitheatre in Colorado.[6] The performance was released on 9 September as the band's official video for the song.[6]
The album's second single is "Lover of the Light". The music video was released on 7 November and stars actor Idris Elba who also directed the short film. The song was officially released on 3 December 2012.
The third single from the album is "Whispers in the Dark". The music video premiered on 11 March 2013.
The title-track "Babel" is their fourth single off the album. It has already made it into the BBC Radio 1 Playlist's A list.
A music video for the song "Hopeless Wanderer" premiered on 4 August 2013. It featured Jason Sudeikis, Jason Bateman, Ed Helms and Will Forte as Marcus Mumford, Winston Marshall, Ben Lovett and Ted Dwayne, respectively.[7] The video was released on both Vevo and YouTube; within less than four days on the latter site, the video already had over 3 million views.[8]
Critical reception [ edit ]
Babel received generally positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 63, based on 33 reviews.[20] Mojo magazine found it to be "more than just a decent nu-folk album," but also "a great pop album",[21] while the Daily Mail said that Mumford & Sons add "a fresh sheen to rustic folkrock" on Babel.[22] Clash called it a "rip-roaring record" with catchy hooks and "not much depth," but "some good tunes".[23] Davis Inman of The A.V. Club found the entire album "sonically impeccable", even though Mumford's imagery seems "like go-to words in a lazy songwriter's starved lexicon."[11] Q called it an "ultimately comfortable listening, befitting folk sounds of a resolutely un-freak variety."[16] Melissa Maerz of Entertainment Weekly viewed that the music will convince listeners who cannot appreciate "lyrics this earnest", as the band "has mastered the emotional gut-punch of quiet/loud dynamics".[12] Kelly O'Brien of State praised the band's "unrestrained ardour and zealous poetry", and wrote that they "manage to play loudly and boisterously, without ever making the descent into cacophony."[24] Will Hermes of Rolling Stone cited the band's lyrics as the album's defining characteristic, writing that they use "church flavor" to "supersize and complicate love songs."[17] Magnet magazine found Babel to be a "more subtle and accomplished album" than Sigh No More.[25]
In a mixed review, Kevin Perry of NME called it an "average", "middle of the road" album and "a retooled, streamlined adaptation" of Sigh No More.[15] Greg Kot of the Chicago Tribune found its songwriting "pedestrian" and felt that the "loud-quiet-loud dynamic" of both the singing and the music "becomes repetitive."[26] Allmusic's James Christopher Monger felt that its "incredibly spirited" songs "bark much louder than they bite" and found most of the album "delivering its everyman message with the kind of calculated spiritual fervor that comes from having to adapt to the festival masses as opposed to the smaller club crowds."[10] Chuck Eddy of Spin panned the band's "U2-style evangelism" and wrote that they "don't seem remotely musically curious."[19] Andy Gill of The Independent headlined his review "A Heart-to-Heart with the Nu-Folk Romantics" and accused Mumford of "wallowing self-absorption" while lacking "metaphor and metonymy".[14] Kitty Empire of The Observer called Babel "an anodyne record, lacking the shivery authority of Laura Marling's work", and viewed the band's "lack of nuance" as counterintuitive, writing that "folk is a malleable resource, and here it is stripped of all politics or witness-bearing, becoming an exercise in romantic exegesis for nice men with mandolins."[27] Uncut magazine wrote similarly that the love themes "[reduce] the genre to the level of rusticised boy-band pop."[28]
Accolades [ edit ]
Rolling Stone ranked Babel number 11 in their list of the 50 Best Albums of 2012.[29] The album was nominated for four Grammy Awards, winning Album of the Year at the 55th Annual Grammy Awards.[30] Babel was also nominated for the Brit Award for British Album of the Year at the 2013 BRIT Awards.[31] Babel won the Juno Award for International Album of the Year.[32] It was also included in Q Magazine's list of the 50 Greatest Albums of 2012.[33]
Commercial performance [ edit ]
Babel debuted at number one in the UK selling 159,000 copies and becoming the fastest selling album of 2012. It also sold 573,000 copies in the UK in 2012.[34]
The album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200, selling 600,000 copies, the second biggest debut of the year behind Taylor Swift's album, Red.[35] The album spent a total of 15 weeks at No. 1 on the Billboard Alternative Albums chart, longer than any other album has since Dark Horse by Nickelback. It sold 1,463,000 copies in the US in 2012, which made it the fourth best-selling album in the US in 2012.[36] It was also the eleventh best-selling album of 2013 with 1,096,000 copies sold for the year.[37] As of May 2015, the album has sold 2.7 million copies in the US.[38] The album also debuted at number one on the Canadian Albums Chart selling 75,000 copies.[39]
Track listing [ edit ]
All tracks written by Ted Dwane, Ben Lovett, Marcus Mumford and Winston Marshall, except for "The Boxer" by Paul Simon.
Bonus tracks [ edit ]
Target edition bonus disc No. Title Length 1. "Lover of the Light" (Live) 5:05 2. "Roll Away Your Stone" (Live) 4:04 3. "Below My Feet" (Live) 4:40
Gentlemen of the Road Edition [ edit ]
On 29 October 2012 was announced on the band's website a new version of the album titled "Gentlemen of the Road Edition".[40] This is the album alongside the bonus tracks, accompanied by a CD/DVD of the film The Road To Red Rocks, containing interviews and footage with the band, recorded by the duo Fred & Nick whilst on Gentlemen of the Road touring circuit, at the two sold out concerts at the venue. The track listing is similar on both CD and DVD, with the exception of "Thistle & Weeds", contained only in the DVD.
Red Rocks Live (CD) No. Title Length 1. "Lovers' Eyes" 5:43 2. "Little Lion Man" 4:28 3. "Below My Feet" 4:44 4. "Roll Away Your Stone" 4:43 5. "Lover of the Light" 5:22 6. "Ghosts That We Knew" 5:55 7. "Awake My Soul" 4:23 8. "Whispers in the Dark" 3:39 9. "Dust Bowl Dance" 4:57 10. "I Will Wait" 4:46 11. "The Cave" 4:11
Personnel [ edit ]
Charts [ edit ]
Certifications [ edit ]
Release history [ edit ]
Region Dates Format(s) Edition(s) Germany 21 September 2012 CD, digital download, vinyl Standard, Deluxe Belgium Netherlands South Africa Luxembourg Ireland Australia New Zealand UK 24 September 2012 Scandinavia Spain Italy Eastern Europe South America USA 25 September 2012 Canada
–Maj Gen Asif Ghafoor says not meeting democracy's requirements may pose a threat to system
–Says he's ‘disappointed' by interior minister's reprimand; security and economy are interlinked
–Says army acknowledges civilian supremacy, will do ‘everything in accordance with constitution and law'
RAWALPINDI: Pakistani military's chief spokesman Major General Asif Ghafoor on Saturday rejected speculation that the army was planning to bring in a technocratic government or impose martial law in the country, categorically stating that there is no threat to democracy from the Pakistan Army.
“There is no threat to democracy from the Pakistan Army; [but] there could be a threat to democracy if its [democracy's] requirements are not being met,” Gen Ghafoor said while addressing a crowded press conference at the General Headquarters (GHQ).
The presser was organised to elaborate on the recovery of a Canadian-American family from Taliban custody and respond to the government's criticism of the army for its commentary on Pakistan's economic conditions.
Responding to Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal's criticism of the ISPR commenting on matters of the economy, Gen Ghafoor expressed his disappointment at the reprimand.
“I was disappointed as a soldier and a citizen of Pakistan. We conducted a seminar with the Federation of Pakistan Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FPCCI). There were three former finance ministers, one former State Bank governor [in attendance]. The army chief gave a keynote address. I talked about it in my beeper [to a private TV channel] as well,” he said, adding that he had only spoken about issues that the army chief had also talked about.
Earlier on Saturday, Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi said that military dictatorship always halted progress of the country. The premier further said that the people of Pakistan should decide who they want in the government and who they don't.
On October 11, Army chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa had voiced concerns at the country's ‘sky high' debt and called for broadening the tax base and bringing in financial discipline to break the ‘begging bowl'.
Gen Ghafoor said security and economy were interlinked and could not function if one of the elements was not in place, adding that the army would continue to offer its assistance in all sectors of the country.
ARMY IS A STATE INSTITUTION:
“The Pakistan Army is a state institution and it is very important to sit and talk about things,” he said. “If we need to improve the economy, we will have to bring certain changes and the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor needs to be supported [holistically].”
“Never did I say that Pakistan's economy has been destroyed or something of that sort,” he clarified.
“We have all done a lot of work for the economy. And I have said the same thing: we have to sit together. It is a very simple [request]: that everyone needs to cooperate,” he said.
“The army chief told the traders [at the seminar] in informal talk that everyone should play their role [for the country's economic betterment]. He told them to pay their taxes,” he said.
“Last year, the taxes recovered were only 39 per cent, and from private sector the recovery was only 40 per cent. It is too meagre,” he said. “That is all I said — that the tax base needs to be increased — and I stand by it,” he said.
“When I say something here, I am speaking on behalf of the armed forces. I am not speaking in a personal capacity, as I am the spokesperson of the armed forces,” he continued.
“I want to add that there needs to be stability. The government needs to continue and an established democratic system needs to continue.”
“I have to say this because there are a lot of rumours about martial law and [the installation of a] technocratic government.”
“The nature and character of war has changed because the direct strategy [of waging war] has been replaced by indirect [warfare]. Social media has a huge role in this. Do not forward as received. Research. Don't spread misinformation,” he said tangentially.
“When it comes to Pakistan, the security and survival of Pakistan, we all are one,” he said. “Every Pakistani and every institution is one against them — the outside forces should know this.”
On being asked why the debate was brought to the public sphere, Maj Gen Ghafoor said the army had not started the debate.
“A lot of seminars happen. Who was present in the seminar? Traders and economists,” he said. “Karachi's security situation has improved, which is in the interest of traders,” he explained as the reason the seminar was held.
“It [the economy discussion] is about [a glass] being half filled and half empty. Should we be satisfied with half filled? Should we not take it further? If our economy is self sustained and better, the national security decision-making will be much independent [from foreign pressures],” he said.
“There was also talk about a financial emergency, but the conclusion was that ‘no; the work is going on and it will continue'. This is a positive process that needs to be looked at positively, and we will continue to play our role,” he said.
“I don't think the seminar and the conclusions of the seminar are in question,” he said.
Gen Ghafoor also said that the army was subservient to the constitution and adhered to civilian supremacy.
“We will do everything that is in accordance with the constitution and the law,” he added, referring to the Rangers' operation in Punjab and other military operations that were launched with the approval of the civilian governments.
RECOVERY OF FOREIGN HOSTAGES:
Gen Ghafoor had started off the presser by recalling the new US policy on South Asia and Pakistan's military and civilian response to it.
“Our line was that we have done a lot in Pakistan over the past few years and found great results. There are no more no-go areas in this country,” he began.
“In the [diplomatic] engagements [with US officials], we had said that trust would take us forward.”
“In this regard,” he continued, delving into Pakistan's response to the new policy, “we undertook an operation upon American intelligence […] it was shared with us,” he stated.
“That day at 4.10pm, we were informed by an American diplomat that the family is being transferred to Pakistan. On the information we received, we sent our troops, used surveillance means and detected the vehicles [being used to transport the hostages].”
“We cordoned them and fired on their vehicle. Our first priority was that the captives are brought out safely. We wanted to isolate the terrorists and captives so that the captives may remain safe,” he said.
“There was a driver and three armed people,” he said. “There was also an Afghan refugee camp nearby,” where Gen Ghafoor said the kidnappers had fled to.
“We have been saying repeatedly that the Afghan refugees need to be sent back. It is difficult for us to distinguish who is a terrorist and who is a refugee [in situations like these],” he said.
Returning to engagement with the US, the military's spokesperson said that initiatives had been taken and the US had responded.
“You have seen the results, and you also saw Trump's statement [praising Pakistan following the recovery of the abductees],” he said.
“We feel happy that there is a level of trust and confidence that the US leadership has shown in Pakistan and Pakistan's security forces.”
“We take it as a good start, and if a trust-based relationship continues, there will be positive results,” he added.
To a question about whether the army was pushing for a dialogue with the Taliban, Maj Gen Ghafoor said: “The question is outside my domain. Please contact the Foreign Office on talks with the Taliban and their [the Taliban] office in Doha.”
“The Afghan war could not have been won without Pakistan,” he said. “But we need to cooperate in ways that are mutually beneficial. Engagement builds trust. You can have apprehensions, which could be debated about. Security cooperation is ongoing and will continue,” he added.
Referring to the possibility of a joint operation with American troops on Pakistani soil, raised by Foreign Minister Khawaja Asif, the army spokesman was quick to dismiss any possibility of the same, saying he was doing so on a technical point.
“In military terminology, a joint operation means forces of both countries conduct an operation. There is no question of it. Full stop,” he said.
Brendan Rodgers was left smiling at the end of a tumultuous week
Brendan Rodgers has made the uncomfortable journey from sitting on Liverpool's team bus as it received a guard of honour through Anfield's Shankly Gates from thousands of fans to admitting he was favourite for the sack inside six months.
If anyone can be used as an accurate measure of the Premier League's skewed level of expectation, it is the Northern Irishman, who was three games from delivering Liverpool's first title for 25 years in May only to find himself under intense pressure at the end of November.
Rodgers, to his credit, has not dodged the forensic examination his methods have received this season - but his outpouring of joy as Glen Johnson's 85th-minute header gave Liverpool a 1-0 win against Stoke City at Anfield hinted at sheer relief as well as elation.
It ended a week that started with a dreadful performance in defeat at Crystal Palace - a third successive Premier League loss in a spell that has left Liverpool's Champions League aspirations on the edge.
Rodgers has lived out every emotion of the Premier League manager in the past seven days, concluding it with a broad smile and the hope Liverpool, so dazzling in finishing runners-up last season, can now move their season forward.
So this was the week that was for Brendan Rodgers.
Sunday: Crystal Palace pain
Liverpool endured another match to forget against Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park
Rodgers will be in no hurry to see Selhurst Park again. If the 3-3 draw that contributed to their late Premier League stumble last season was bad enough, the manner of the loss last Sunday was arguably even more disturbing, and the catalyst for questions about his future.
Despite taking the lead through Rickie Lambert's goal, Liverpool's lack of resolve and leadership after Dwight Gayle's equaliser was alarming. Former Reds defender Jamie Carragher was scathing as he accused Liverpool of lacking leadership and being "bullied and weak".
Monday: Vote of confidence?
Monday came with word from inside Anfield that there was no immediate pressure on Rodgers's position - surely the correct course of action given what he had almost delivered not so long before.
The prizes on offer, not least financially, and the penalties for defeat inevitably apply pressure more prematurely, but the idea of Rodgers being anywhere near losing his job at this stage of the season - barring a meltdown of epic proportions - would rank close to knee-jerk.
If producing the sort of football Liverpool did under Rodgers last season, so much inspired by the departed Luis Suarez, cannot put credit in the bank then it is hard to know what will. Apart from trophies, of course.
It seems the Fenway Sports Group is holding its nerve. And rightly so.
Tuesday: Grob-smacked
Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet was likened to Dracula by Bruce Grobbelaar
Former Liverpool goalkeeper Bruce Grobbelaar joined the debate, with verbal shots fired in the direction of Rodgers and his struggling Belgian goalkeeper Simon Mignolet.
Ahead of the Champions League game with Ludogorets in Bulgaria, Grobbelaar's verdict on Rodgers was: "If he doesn't do anything in another three weeks, I think the owners could do something about it."
Not exactly balm for morale and confidence but flying in the face of the messages coming from the club.
Media playback is not supported on this device Bruce Grobbelaar: Simon Mignolet is the problem at Liverpool
If Rodgers thought this was harsh, he was almost showered with praise compared to Mignolet, who was on the receiving end of unequivocal criticism from one of his predecessors.
"I was slaughtered last year by Liverpool fans saying I was too harsh on him," said Grobbelaar. "I'm not being too harsh on him. Not at all.
"I likened him as worse than Dracula because at least Dracula comes out of his coffin every now and then. He seems to stay on his line and that's it."
At least it was a twist on goalkeepers being called Dracula because they were afraid of crosses.
Quite how Grobbelaar would have reacted at being rinsed so publicly by one of his predecessors is anyone's guess (very badly would be most people's guess) but things would get worse for the Belgian before they got better.
Wednesday: Late woe at Ludogorets
There was a measure of vindication for Grobbelaar when Mignolet fumbled for Ludogorets' opening goal, and Liverpool's deficiencies at set-pieces saw them concede a late equaliser, but goals in between from Lambert and Jordan Henderson saw the Reds earn a 2-2 draw.
Not a glorious chapter in Liverpool's European history but the rot was stopped and defeat would only have tightened the pressure valve still further.
Thursday: Relief at last
Liverpool have their Champions League future in their own hands going into the final group game
Rodgers and his players returned from Bulgaria and were able to assess a Champions League position that almost ranks as a best-case scenario from a series of largely undistinguished performances in Europe this season.
Away defeats by Basel and Real Madrid, a narrow win at home and a draw at Ludogorets and a heavy home beating against the holders - and yet they have their Champions League future in their own hands going into the final group game against the Swiss at Anfield.
As they and the likes of Manchester United have found in the past, Basel do not respect the Premier League reputation, but a win at Anfield in front of The Kop on 9 December will put Liverpool into the knockout phase. More than they deserve? Maybe. Settle for it? Definitely.
Friday: Realistic Rodgers on sack race
Logic suggests the idea of Rodgers losing his job so soon after nearly winning the league is ludicrous, but he accepts the risks involved with Premier League management.
Ahead of Saturday's game with Stoke City he said: "A few months ago I was manager of the year, now I'm favourite to get the sack. It's part and parcel of this wonderful life of working in football."
Rodgers was actually third-favourite with most bookmakers but his admission was a stark reminder that victory is the only medicine that can treat the pressure inflicted on a Premier League manager.
Saturday: Gerrard on the sidelines
Brendan Rodgers says he "felt quite bad" for dropping Steven Gerrard on the 16th anniversary of his debut
The front cover of Liverpool's match programme was adorned with 11 pictures of captain Steven Gerrard and the words "16 sensational years", celebrating the anniversary of his first-team debut as a substitute against Blackburn Rovers at Anfield.
So it was not perfect timing that Rodgers chose to drop Gerrard to the bench, admitting later he had been unaware this was a landmark day for the 34-year-old.
Media playback is not supported on this device Rodgers praises 'incredible' Reds
It was telling, and a sign that more must come from Liverpool's summer signings, that £87m worth of those purchases sat alongside Gerrard in the shape of Dejan Lovren (£20m), Alberto Moreno (£12), Emre Can (£10m), Adam Lallana (£25m) and Lazar Markovic (£20m).
It was an indictment of the club's summer transfer policy, and the lack of impact the players have made since arriving at Anfield following the £75m sale of Suarez to Barcelona.
With the game goalless after 75 minutes and Liverpool searching for a breakthrough, who did Rodgers call on? Yes, Gerrard.
A timely victory and timely goal Victory over Stoke ended a run of four league games without a win - their worst run under Rodgers since a five-game winless streak in his first five games at the club. Defender Glen Johnson's goal was his first in the league since December 2012, ending a run of 58 league appearances without a goal.
The roar of celebration and relief that rang around Anfield following the winner was an illustration of how important this victory was for Liverpool and their manager.
Rodgers insisted Gerrard was left out with a nod to a busy schedule, but this may still be seen as an important moment - when he no longer counts as an automatic choice. He still has enough in his weaponry to make key contributions but the day has arrived when he requires careful management.
As for Mignolet, he felt the frustration of Anfield when he was loudly ordered to speed up when taking goal-kicks, but he also produced two crucial saves from Stoke's Bojan Krkic, the second a flying, fingertip save deep into seven minutes of stoppage time from a brilliant volley.
So at the end of a week of turmoil, the keeper left Anfield with a smile and Rodgers, at least for now, will be free of questions about the security of his job.
It is surely no more than he deserves after the rapid progress of last season.
Off The Draw
• Remember when it looked as though the Predators had secured their spot atop the Central Division with a bold pre-deadline trade that repatriated Cody Franson and Mike Santorelli from the Maple Leafs?
“He's a top-four defenseman on pretty well any team right now,” Nashville GM David Poile gushed about Franson, who was the key to the deal. “He was always big and great on the power play. Now he's much more of a well-rounded guy.”
Franson, a regular on Toronto's top pair, was slated to play on the second unit with the Preds, adding the element of veteran depth that every contender craves. Instead, he's become a spare part, or worse, on a team that's stumbling to the finish line. In two of his past five games he's been nailed to the bench for most of the third period after his failure to make simple plays led to opposition goals. In Saturday night's 5-4 loss to Dallas it was his inability to clear a puck from the crease that allowed fourth liner Colton Sceviour to pick up the loose change and put the Preds in a 3–1 hole.
It's clear that coach Peter Laviolette is only willing to give Franson as much leash as he earns. Franson played a smart, efficient game against Vancouver last Tuesday and was handed 22 minutes as a result, just a few days after he'd been limited to a season-low 7:15 by another painful error against Tampa Bay. The opportunity is there for him, but he has to do something with it ... or spend the rest of the game as the grocery stick.
Ultimately this trade will be judged by Franson's impact in the postseason. At the moment though the deal is not looking good. That doesn't bode well for the Preds or for Franson, who just a few weeks ago looked like he might be the most sought-after free-agent defenseman on the market this summer.
• According to multiple sources, Blackhawks forward Andrew Shaw will not face supplemental discipline after taking a flying leap at the head of Blues defenseman Barret Jackman on Sunday night.
That's disappointing news but, sadly, not at all surprising.
The NHL's Department of Player Safety has always leaned heavily towards punishing the results of illegal contact rather than the intent, but after Winnipeg's Dustin Byfuglien was suspended last week there was reason to hope that was changing.
Byfuglien's crosscheck to the back of J.T. Miller's neck left the Rangers forward with nothing more than a little discomfort, but it earned the Jets star a four-game ban just the same. That was the right call because assaulting a defenseless player from behind is something the league strongly discourages (in theory, anyway).
The optics were just as bad, if slightly more comical, in this incident. Although the point of attack in Shaw's case was different, the intent was clear. After seeing Jackman corral the puck behind the St. Louis net, Shaw took four direct strides towards the defenseman. Jackman was in a vulnerable position having just moved his pass along the boards as Shaw arrived at his target. There was a chance to deliver a hard shoulder-to-shoulder check. Instead, Shaw leapt off his feet, appearing to take aim at Jackman's head.
That Shaw timed his hit poorly and made contact with the defenseman's shoulder instead was probably the key to the DoPS decision, as was Jackman's ability to remain in the game. Either way, the call is rubbish. It's not like Shaw could argue that he was trying to avoid contact with his victim's head. After all, it's one thing for a player's feet to leave the ice while he follows through on a hit. It's something else entirely to jump toward a player's head before contact is made. At least, it should be.
There's no way to defend that as a good hockey play, but by passing on a chance to discipline Shaw that's exactly what the DoPS is doing. And that's a joke.
• The revelation that former Toronto mayor Rob Ford had been quietly appointed to the Hockey Hall of Fame's Board of Directors back in December sounds like a bad April Fool's joke. Sadly, that's not the case. The seat on the 18-member board is one of three under control of the city. And now that he's there, he essentially can serve as long as he chooses ... for life, if he wants.
It's worth pointing out that Ford will have no say in who is and isn't elected to the Hall. That's the province of the Selection Committee. And it's possible that Ford, who currently serves as a city councilor, landed the position because nobody else wanted to add another slate of meetings to their schedule.
Still, it's inconceivable that a man who became a late-night laughingstock as a result of allegations of drug and alcohol abuse was the best choice to represent the city in this capacity. While he still has sizable support in some parts of Hogtown, the man is toxic. Anything he touches is lessened by association.
Neither the Hall nor the NHL has the power to remove Ford, but the city does. Faced with another public relations black eye, Toronto needs to replace him on the board. Immediately.
• Congrats to Capitals goaltender Braden Holtby, who became just the second player in franchise history to hit the 40-win milestone in Sunday's 2–1 victory over the Red Wings. He's now one victory behind Olaf Kolzig for the team's all-time mark, and with two games left this week he has a chance to set a new record. There's also a chance the Caps might want to rest him with a playoff berth clinched a team record 36 consecutive starts under his belt, but look for Holtby to play against both the Bruins and Rangers this week
Hot links
• Dave Stubbs offers a painful and personal look at the passing of hockey legend Elmer Lach. Our condolences to Dave and the Lach family.
• Is expression of religion becoming more acceptable in the NHL? Amalie Benjamin offers a fascinating look at the emergence of faith in hockey.
• Could this statistic offer some insight into the struggles of some of the league's established teams this season?
• With the final regular season game set to be played there this weekend, here's a look back at the history of Nassau Coliseum.
Japan charged U.S. contractor and former Marine Kenneth Shinzato with the rape and murder of a 20-year-old office worker, who was reportedly out for a walk when Shinzato attacked her. Screenshot from Stars and Ses
OKINAWA, Japan, June 30 (UPI) -- A U.S. military contractor and former Marine was charged Thursday in the rape and stabbing death of a 20-year-old Okinawa woman in a case that has fanned anti-American sentiment on the southern Japanese island.
Kenneth Shinzato, 32, a former U.S. Marine employed at Kaden Air Base, is accused of raping and stabbing office worker Rina Shimabukuro. He was charged last month with dumping her body.
Shinzato's birth name is Kenneth Franklin Gadson, but he goes by his wife's last name.
Police said Shinzato was armed with a stick and a knife and hit the victim "with murderous intent" on the back of the head on April 29. He allegedly dragged her into the bushes and strangled and stabbed her while trying to rape her. Police said the attack was premeditated. Shinzato allegedly gave police the location of her body in May, some three weeks after she went missing.
Shinzato's attorney said he attempted to strangle the woman after he attempted suicide with sleeping pills.
The U.S. military restricted service members in Japan shortly after the woman's body was discovered, imposing curfews and banning the consumption of alcohol temporarily.
An apex predator of the ocean and iconic star of the hit film Free Willy, orcas (or killer whales) are generally not considered a tropical species. Though widely thought to roam in only cold or temperate waters, orcas are in fact one of the most widely distributed mammals on earth (second only to us humans), occurring in all of the world's oceans from the frigid waters of the poles right through to the tropics…including these very waters, here in Sri Lanka.
Very little is known about the orcas that are sighted off the island each year, with only a handful of annual encounters, many questions surround this secretive population. However, as more people take to the water to enjoy Sri Lanka's rich whalewatching offerings, the opportunity to encounter and photograph these enigmatic visitors also presents an opportunity to study them; and Orca Project Sri Lanka (OPSL), a pioneering citizen-science initiative, is currently doing just that.
The project is the joint initiative of myself (Georgina Gemmell), head of ecotourism for John Keells Chitral Jayatilake, and wildlife tourism champion Gehan de Silva Wijeyeratne. While the study is only in its infancy, through working alongside the public OPSL has already begun to unravel some of the most basic mysteries surrounding these elusive whales. In addition to keeping a sightings log, orca images submitted by the public are used as part of an on-going Photo ID study, to identify and ‘track' orca individuals. Across the world, Photo ID is one of the most widely used methods to study orca populations. It has the benefit of being completely passive, allowing researchers to follow orcas' lives without disturbing them. Though it is patient research, in time Photo ID could reveal population estimates, sex ratios, births, deaths, movements, ecotypes, insights into diet and much more. Individual orcas are distinguished using three methods, one is using the unique marks, scars and tears (nicks) found on the dorsal fin, another may be the shape and marks on the saddle patch (the light grey area shaped like a saddle on the orca's back, at the base of the dorsal fin), and the third is using the characteristic white eye patch above and behind the orca's eye. Here in Sri Lanka, the orcas' saddle patches are too faint to be a reliable feature for ID, so only the dorsal fin and eye patch are used.
Already, Orca Project Sri Lanka has revealed some interesting and globally significant discoveries about these enigmatic visitors. The ID catalogue currently holds 13 individuals, and has provided the first confirmation that some orca travel all around the island, being sighted in Kalpitya (in the northwest), Mirissa (in the south) and Trincomalee (in the northeast). It appears that some individuals do indeed return to the island each year, with sightings being highest between November to January and March to April, which coincide with the Blue and Sperm whale season for the south and north, suggesting that the orcas may be in the area to predate on these species. In our recent publication ‘Killer Whale Predation on Whales in Sri Lankan Waters' (currently in press with the journal Aquatic Mammals), OPSL revealed that orcas prey on other whale species here in Sri Lanka. The publication gained international recognition and generated a lot of interest among the marine mammal scientific community. It describes three predation events that took place off Mirissa, including the globally rare event of orcas attacking Sperm whales. It also provides the first official confirmation that orcas prey on Mesoplodont beaked whales, a little-studied and rarely seen deep diving cetacean. The paper also presents strong circumstantial evidence that suggests orcas may be opportunistically preying on Blue whales while in Sri Lanka.
Even though the orca is generally considered a single species (Orcinus orca) research has shown that orcas occur in different ecotypes (like races), genetically distinct from one another, and specializing in a certain type of prey. In some parts of the world, the Pacific Northwest and Antarctica for example, more than one ecotype occur in the same waters but do not interbreed. We do not yet know if ecotypes occur in Sri Lankan orcas, and while we know that they hunt other whales we don't yet know if they take other kinds of prey as well. It is hoped that with the support of the public, this exciting project will continue to grow and reveal more about this little-studied population, laying a foundation for future studies, and continuing to contribute to the overall scientific knowledge available for this iconic, complex and fascinating species.
If you have seen orcas off Sri lanka and would like to contribute your sighting or images to the study, please contact us at georgina.wildoceans@gmail.com. All images will remain the copyright of the photographer, and all credit for the sighting remains that of the observer.
Interested in a Commission? My digital options are on the Menus below, feel free to message me for traditional art too!
I was really sad to learn this morning that Hiromi Tsuru, Bulma's japanese voice actress passed away. She brought so much to a truly iconic roll and I can definitely say she will be missed. I hope her family finds some semblance of closure and have loved ones with them to get them through this difficult time. For my part I would say Thank you so much Hiromi, for bringing an amazing character to life!Wallpaper versions of this image are going live on Patreon next week. (To make up for me not posting this in advance, I drew, colored, and am I posting this today).(*This image has been edited, it was brought to my attention that I had reversed her hands (right on the left and left on the right) so I fixed that!)The usual links:
On August 26, Floyd Mayweather will step into the ring against Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) superstar, Conor McGregor. McGregor, in his professional boxing debut, will meet the man who briefly abandoned his seat atop the throne of boxing upon retirement in 2015.
There is no doubt that this meeting of titans marks a historic occasion. Boxers have previously ventured into other, more inclusive combat sports to test their hand. Nak Muays have made successful transitions to boxing and captured meaningful championships. However, never before has perhaps the biggest A-side in boxing met the most popular superstar in the world of MMA. The spectacle alone is a sight to behold.
Anyone looking to claw his way through the spectacle and find intrigue in the depths of this match-up is likely to be left clutching loosely onto the hypothetical. “What if” McGregor lands that left hand. “But maybe” he can overcome the odds. If the match warrants a look at the technical aspect, the tendencies of a boxer in his professional debut seem of little relevance in comparison to those of this generation's greatest.
So we'll pay the match-up the respect it deserves by examining the greatness of McGregor's opponent, the 49-0 Floyd Mayweather. In this series, we'll examine the ins and outs of Mayweather's game, starting with his dazzling offense. Let's take an in-depth look at exactly what McGregor is up against.
Floyd Mayweather's Offensive Tactics
In his early days, Mayweather was a devastating combination puncher, but maturity, numerous hand injuries, and moving up in weight have altered his style. Within the last decade, he's settled into the role of a pot-shotter. Though he hasn't eschewed combinations entirely, they have become shorter and more reserved. Instead of overwhelming opponents with speed and aggression, Mayweather prefers to limit their offensive output.
Throughout striking sports with more open rule sets, it's a consistent truth that volume wins fights. Often, the winner of a contest is simply the one who is able to throw more. This makes it very difficult to win with a game built largely on a low-output of single shots. It requires an incredible degree of skill to equalize your opportunities when faced with a large volume disparity.
Mayweather is excellent at denying his higher-output opponents the opportunity to deliver their volume through footwork and defense. However, relying largely on single shots presents another challenge. Fighters don't throw combinations just because more punches thrown means more chances to land, but because combinations have logic and a process built into them. For example, if you want to land your rear straight, you can lead with it, and accept the relatively high chance that your opponent is able to defend it. Then again, you could throw a jab to move their hand closer to their center-line, follow with a lead hook to widen their guard, and square their hips, and then throw the straight, which you are now in good position to land clean.
In broad terms, the way Mayweather solves this problem is by ensuring that his opponents cannot react appropriately to what he's about to throw. More specifically, he modifies his punching form to prioritize speed over power. The speed increase offered by his punching form, combined with his athleticism and natural hand speed, causes his punches to approach with blistering speed and prevents his opponent from responding properly. Mayweather also has deception built into his offense, as he uses a similar delivery for certain punches, and can condition the opponent to expect one before switching it up.
Punching Form
Let's start with his jab:
Mayweather shoots his lead foot out in front of him as he jabs, widening his stance, but his weight remains relatively centered. As soon as his lead foot plants, he pushes off it to pull his weight onto his rear foot in anticipation of a counter, while taking an angle to the inside of his opponent's stance. Note also how he sets it up in the first clip by sneaking his rear foot forward, allowing him to cover more distance while keeping his weight underneath him.
Mayweather's jab is both a tool of frustration, used to pick away at his opponent, and a trap. The window to successfully counter it is so minuscule that it serves as the perfect bait. By the time his opponent attempts a counter–in both clips–he's already pulled out of the way, and their attempt serves only to open them up for Mayweather's counter.
The straight right is perhaps Mayweather's most iconic punch. Though leading with a straight without first setting it up with the lead hand is often difficult, Mayweather is known for landing it nearly at will. The trick that allows Mayweather to have so much success with a punch that is traditionally lower percentage is simple: he completes most of the delivery before he throws it, shaving time off in exchange for reduced power generation.
Traditionally throwing a straight involves pivoting on the rear foot, transferring weight from the rear foot to the front foot, rotating the rear shoulder through, and sinking weight down while twisting the hips toward the target. Floyd instead starts his straight with his weight loaded onto his front foot and his rear shoulder already slightly rotated. Just before throwing it, he'll get up on the ball of his rear foot, which serves to rotate his hips, and allows him to launch off it for quicker delivery.
This sequence demonstrates the mechanics of Mayweather's straight and the blinding speed it produces. Juan Manuel Marquez is one of the best counter-punchers of his generation, and he is unable to even start reacting to the punch until it's already landed. Note also how Marquez attempts to take advantage of Mayweather's heavy lead foot by jabbing as he steps forward, but loading his weight on the front foot gives Mayweather plenty of room to pull it backwards briefly and avoid the punch.
Deception
One of the cornerstones of Mayweather's attack is his body jab. He uses it to break his opponent's rhythm, impede their forward movement, and wither their gas tank over the course of a 12-round fight. It also sets up his leaping lead hook perfectly.
Mayweather conditions Marquez to expect the body jab when he changes levels, before changing levels again and springing forward with the lead hook. Marquez's rear hand drops to parry what he expects to be a body jab, leaving him wide open to the hook. Mayweather's hook is thrown in a way that maximizes speed and minimizes power as well. By launching forward off his rear foot, and subtly turning his hips into the punch while in motion. The hook gets to the target faster, but lacks the lateral weight transfer that produces power.
Another way to conceal strikes is to convince an opponent to bite on a feint and exploit his reactions. Mayweather excels at this through several different methods. The simplest is to begin the delivery of a punch and halt it halfway through, leaving the opponent attempting to defend a strike that never comes. But feinting can also take the form of more subtle maneuvers. Whenever Mayweather shifts his weight onto his lead foot and leans forward, his opponents know to look out for his straight right. This allows him to play with their expectations.
Similarly, feints can be built into the delivery of a strike. The most obvious example is the question mark kick–a kick that starts as a front kick with the knee raised straight in front, and is turned into a round kick with a pivot on the rear foot halfway through its delivery.
Mayweather disguises his rear hook by keeping his elbow tight to his body until opening it at the last second. Until he opens the elbow, it's difficult to tell whether his hand will come in a straight line, or curve around the guard. Robert Guerrero chooses incorrectly, closing his guard down the middle as if expecting a straight or an uppercut, as Mayweather's hook lands outside it.
Here Jose Luis Castillo enters with a jab, which is slipped by Mayweather. As Mayweather loads his weight onto his lead leg to set up his counter uppercut, he draws his rear hand back and cocks it as if he's throwing an overhand. Castillo reacts to the feint by dipping down further to get underneath his lead shoulder and avoid the rear hand, but ends up ducking himself onto the uppercut. Lovely stuff.
Counter-punching
Although the brunt of Mayweather's offense comes on the lead, he is an excellent counter-puncher as well. His counters are often used for defensive purposes, such as creating openings to move off the ropes, or to disrupt his opponent's rhythm. His most famous offensive application of counter-punching is no doubt the pull counter.
He baits the jab from his opponent by weighting his lead foot and leaning forward. Seeing his weight forward and his head in range, it's difficult for Shane Mosley to resist the temptation to jab at the perceived opening. Mayweather is counting on this however, as he remains ready to pull his weight back as soon as his opponent's lead shoulder twitches. He is presenting a false distance by leaning forward, making it appear that he's in range for a punch, when really his body is just outside jabbing range, and all he needs to do is pull his weight back.
His exits after landing the pull counter are every bit as impressive as the timing and craft that go into landing it. The instance of Marcos Maidana baiting the pull counter, and landing his own right hand while ducking under it, have been replayed time and time again, but the highlights don't show the numerous failed attempts of every Mayweather opponent to draw it out and counter it.
Pay attention to what Mayweather does after throwing his straight right. He takes away his opponent's ability to respond with their own offense by framing on the face, ducking their return, or hop-stepping out to a new angle.
In addition to the long straight-right after he's pulled away from a jab, he often throws a quick, short counter straight in the pocket.
The punch shoots straight out from Mayweather's chest with minimal telegraph or weight transfer. Thrown from in close, it's nearly impossible to see coming. This short-straight pairs excellently with his shoulder roll, as he'll bring it with him when he shifts his hips back to their starting position.
Combinations
Though Mayweather's combination punching has become more reserved since his “Pretty Boy Floyd” days, he hasn't abandoned it entirely. The combinations Mayweather does throw are designed to manipulate his opponent's guard, drawing their attention away from Mayweather's intended target.
Mayweather uses an overhand to move Miguel Cotto's lead hand up by his face. After Cotto's guard widens, Mayweather splits it with an uppercut.
Here he manipulates Cotto's guard in the opposite direction, from the inside-out. Sending straight punches up the middle causes Cotto's guard to close in the middle, where Mayweather can send a right hook around it. Mayweather goes back to the uppercut at the end of the sequence, punishing Cotto for responding to the changing threats Mayweather is presenting him.
By reacting to one threat, Mayweather's opponents leave themselves open for another. He's constantly setting patterns to condition opponents to expect one combination, before breaking the pattern when they've acclimatized. If you expect a straight punch down the middle, Mayweather will hook around it until you've started to adapt, upon which he'll go back to attacking your center-line.
Footwork
We'll cover Mayweather's footwork in greater detail later on in the series, but for now we'll focus on the offensive applications of his footwork.
Mayweather's game is built on a foundation of impeccable positioning. He's always in position to hit his opponent and respond to their attacks. If you go back and look at all the clips in this article, you'll notice that whenever Mayweather is close enough to hit and be hit, his lead foot is almost always trained on his opponent's center. Even when he moves or pivots out, he keeps his lead foot aimed at the center-line. This creates an ever-present threat to his opponent, and keeps him in position to react to whatever they choose to throw.
Mayweather and Mosley both step in at the same time with a jab, turning their lead foot out to face their opponent's center as they do. Floyd is able to adjust his rear foot immediately and pivot as he steps in, which changes his angle and causes Mosley's body jab to miss. Mosley loses his balance and takes a second to bring his feet underneath him, but by that time Floyd has pivoted even further inside, while throwing his lead hook, leaving Mosley squared up and badly out of position. Mayweather has a dominant angle with his lead foot facing Mosley's center while Mosley isn't facing him, and he's able to land a clean straight as Mosley turns to recover his positioning.
Mayweather will often take an angle to his right after throwing his straight (outside angle against an orthodox opponent, or inside angle against a southpaw).
He throws the straight and hop-steps or pivots outside his opponent's lead foot, briefly putting him in a dominant position and giving him a chance to crack his opponent as they turn to face him. These sequences also reveal a great deal about Mayweather's cautious mindset, as he chooses not to open himself up and take advantage of the opportunity he's created in the last two. He takes the opening against Castillo only because he has a frame on Castillo's face, preventing him from turning into Mayweather and getting off offense of his own.
Mayweather's offense works in perfect concert with his deep defensive system. Fighters who tend to win by racking up points run the risk of losing eventually as a result of allowing their opponents to stay in the fight and pick up late opportunities, but Mayweather has avoided this pitfall through two decades of elite competition. His proficient defense denies opponents the opportunity to convert meaningful offense on him and make those big moments happen. Once his opponents' most dangerous weapons are nullified and their output severely limited, Mayweather picks them apart with poise and finesse.
Come back next week for part two, as we explore Floyd Mayweather's ringcraft.
Main Photo:
Embed from Getty Images
Check out this new offer from Custom Card Tools. You can choose from one of two free items. Choose either a free Multi Tool or a free Card Knife. This promotion is currently live on their website right now. If you think that you would be interested in this promotional offer, you can get your freebie by visiting them and then filling out their sample request form with your mailing address. This sample, like most others can take up to 8 weeks to arrive at your door so please be patient. All samples are only available while supplies last.
Make sure you never miss another sample, join our free mailing list or Get SMS updates about new samples by Texting Follow SampablesFree to 40404. Sampables does not directly provide anyone with samples or any free items. All samples, giveaways or contests posted are hosted by third party sites or companies. For any issues with missing samples, problems with giveaway or any other issue pertaining to the offers posted, please contact the company hosting the offer directly. Visit the link below to claim your freebie. Visit the link below to claim your freebie.
Get your freebie over here.
For the third time in two months, AC Milan and Juventus will face each other. This time, at Juventus Stadium, in Turin, for the TIM Cup quarterfinals. On the eve of the match, Vincenzo Montella was interviewed by Milan TV and then spoke with the rest of the press at the regular press conference.
DEULOFEU "He's here to play. We all want to see his qualities. I've been following him for some time and I believe a lot in him. We did not get him as an alternative to Suso because they are two different players. He can play on the left. He might make it into the squad list for tomorrow's game".
NAPOLI "We faced a great team and played really well. Numbers speak for themselves: we dominated the game. We're disappointed with the result but this match must give the boys more self-confidence. They need to believe in the work we're doing. I know I am AC Milan's manager and I know we have to win, but I have the feeling we are getting closer to the top teams. We have to believe in ourselves".
JUVE
"It's a really tough match against a team which is almost impossible to beat, but we have to do our best in a competition that the management, the players and I consider very important. Juventus has plenty of solutions, they can easily change game plan with different players. I hope they are angry because anger clouds the mind. It's an exciting match to play and an important test for us".
JUVENTUS STADIUM
"Juve have won 27 consecutive games at Juventus Stadium, this says it all. Picking Juve was an unlucky draw, but this makes it even more exciting".
GOALS
"A manager has to work so that his strikers can do well. For sure, when we have the chance to score, we have to show more determination. We have to improve on this aspect".
NIANG
"Niang might leave the club. He's discussing it with the management. That's why I don't think he'll be in the squad list for Torino. Should he stay, I would treat him like every other player. He's had ups and downs, over his career and the same has happened this year".
OBJECTIVES "A lot will depend on the next matches. Our goal is to make it into Europa League, the Champions League is more complicated".
MIDFIELD "Kucka has improved a lot, Pasalic is improving game after game, the same goes for Bertolacci. With Bonaventura, we don't need anyone else in midfield".
RESULTS "Recent results haven't been that good, but if we win against Udinese we would have one point more than the first half of the season. Sunday could be a turning point for us".
THE LEAGUE
"In my opinion, Serie A with 18 teams would be more competitive".
IMPROVEMENT
"I think there's a lot of room for improvement. We've made some costly mistakes".
INJURIES
"Suso is fit to play, while De Sciglio still hasn't resumed training alongside his teammates, therefore I don't think he's going to make it for tomorrow's match".
This article was syndicated. The picture shows a Riesling roadshow in China with, left to right, Etienne Hugel of Alsace, Erni Loosen of Germany and Peter Barry of Australia with their Chinese fixer attempting to stir up Asian enthusiasm for the world's greatest grape - see Riesling revolution in China.
I am sometimes asked by people who exaggerate my importance what it's like to have real influence in the wine world. Whenever this happens I mention Riesling. For roughly 35 years I have been talking up Riesling, describing it as the world's greatest white wine grape. Every few years in some corner of the wine world there is talk of a Riesling renaissance. In Alsace in the 1980s, in Australia in the 1990s, in the United States in the late 2000s, and yet it stubbornly refuses to take off to become an international trend. Riesling - so often mis-spelt and mis-pronounced (it's Reece-ling) - seems destined to be a minor player everywhere other than in its native Germany.
I am slowly, in my old age, coming to terms with this. I know that Riesling can transmit terroir more sensitively than any white wine grape I know, making it truly the counterpart of the Pinot Noir that is so often grown alongside it. I also know that Riesling is just as good at history as it is at geography. Its wines can last just as long as those made from Cabernet Sauvignon. (I know; I once organised a tasting of the same senior vintages of Mosels and Médocs.) I also appreciate the way that, thanks to its extraordinary extract in many cases, Riesling can deliver so much flavour without that much alcohol and, perhaps because of this, it goes so well with food - far better than a typical Chardonnay.
But I increasingly get the feeling that I will be taking this knowledge to my grave, unshared with the great mass of wine drinkers. I used to want to convert them all to the virtues of Riesling but more and more I realise that Riesling just has too strong a personality to appeal to enough consumers to gain global traction. The problem with Riesling is that, unlike Chardonnay and Pinot Grigio, it has a very powerful flavour. And there are so many wine drinkers who have been put off it either because they associate it with residual sugar (which people purport to hate even though there can be a lot in mass-market brands of Chardonnay and Pinot Grigio) or because with age some Rieslings take on a sort of petrol or kerosene note. And even when it is young it has a much more powerful flavour than most white wines - which some people are bound to dislike.
It may be that, partly thanks to the transformation in German wine production and climate, German Riesling is now available in a much wider range of styles, many of them highly accomplished, than was once the case, but there are still many people who just don't like the taste of this particularly assertive grape.
This is such a shame since the quality of Riesling has never been higher. German Riesling has been transformed from the sugarwater of the 1970s and 1980s to being a wonderfully appetising wine at all levels of sweetness, including, crucially, bone dry. In fact 60% of all German Riesling is now either trocken or halbtrocken (dry or half dry) and is just as suitable as, some would say more suitable than, a fine white burgundy with food. It is not just that there is more will and skill in Germany devoted to making truly fine, fully ripe wine from Riesling but climate change has helped too.
In the late 20th century German producers went through a phase of pushing the ripeness of Riesling to the limit so that we saw some examples at 14% alcohol, sometimes labelled Auslese trocken. Fortunately they seem to have seen the error of their ways and, as virtually everywhere in the wine world now, most producers are preoccupied by trying to make properly balanced wines.
Across the Rhine, wine producers in Alsace have been feeling the pressure of competition from Germany's newly minted dry Rieslings and accordingly have been organising high-profile events devoted to the virtues of Alsace Riesling. They have also been fine tuning their beloved regulations so that the consumer can rely on Alsace delivering Rieslings that really do taste dry.
Austria, another significant European producer of Riesling, went through the same process as Germany at more or less the same time. There are a few vintages in the late 1990s in which some Rieslings (and in particular some of their signature Grüner Veltliners) were so alcoholic that they tasted oily and flabby. But in this century Austrian winemakers are making real efforts to make more refreshing wines and were mightily relieved to see the 2013 vintage return to more normal ripeness levels after two rather hot years in 2012 and 2011.
Thanks to the 19th-century influx of religious refugees from Silesia - part of Poland today but German then - Australia has more Riesling in the ground than any country other than Germany. From where I sit, South Australian Riesling has been going through a bit of an identity crisis recently. Just as Australian Chardonnays were sent to Weight Watchers in no uncertain manner and were dramatically slimmed down, typical Australian Rieslings seemed to go through a particularly austere phase. A few years ago I rather despaired. It seemed as though the fruit had gone into retreat, trapped in a steely metal suit of armour. But I'm delighted to say that from about 2010 the fruit has returned and Clare and Eden Valleys, not to mention odd spots in Western Australia and Victoria, are now producing some of the world's finest dry Rieslings.
It took New Zealand quite a long time to get the hang of well-balanced Riesling. Many of them used to be a bit sickly. But now, riding the Pinot Gris-inspired wave of current enthusiasm for 'aromatics', it is not too difficult to find fine Kiwi Rieslings, and I am a huge admirer of Framingham's examples at all sweetness levels from Marlborough in particular.
But the country in which there has been the most obvious Riesling revolution has been the United States. Erni Loosen of the Mosel - that rarity, a flamboyant German - got together with Washington state's leading producer Chateau Ste Michelle and launched a joint venture to produce local Eroica Riesling, which was so successful in the marketplace that even California growers started to plant Riesling. The total area of California Riesling vineyard more than doubled between 2003 and 2012, and in Oregon, located between California and Washington, there is almost as much Riesling as Chardonnay.
Everyone got very excited about this new development for Riesling, which has emerged as the signature grape variety for the Finger Lakes in New York and the vignerons of Michigan, too. But there are worrying signs that this new US Riesling movement may be running out of steam. Even Loosen's man in the US Kirk Wille admits that sales of both domestic and imported Riesling are now falling and that 'Riesling remains a one-customer-at-a-time proposition, so it's more difficult to sell than Pinot Grigio, say, or certainly Chardonnay. I think a lot of trade are getting worn out from the trying and are turning their attention to other "new" things, like wines from Georgia or Slovenia.'
Oh dear. Looking at international sales figures, I see that only Norwegian wine drinkers really understand the virtues of Riesling. Like me.
George Osborne's decision to allow tax inspectors to raid people's personal bank accounts "flies in the face" of Magna Carta, Francis Hoar, a senior barrister, has warned.
Mr Hoar, a prominent human rights lawyer and lecturer, said there are "significant flaws" in the new plans, which would enable HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) to take money from accounts to resolve unpaid tax bills.
MPs on the Treasury Select Committee, as well as legal experts, have expressed their horror at the proposals which HMRC says are necessary to recover tax from 17,000 "recalcitrant debtors".
Under new "Direct Recovery of Debt" powers confirmed in last week's Budget, HMRC can sieze funds directly from current accounts, savings accounts and Isas. Debtors will be left with just £5,000 of assets. The proposals are currently under consultation until the end of July.
"Such powers fly directly in the face of the principles of Magna Carta, property rights and due process," Mr Hoar said in his legal briefing published by the Taxpayers' Alliance. "Most dangerously, it treats individual property as the property of the state once the state has determined it so."
The announcement comes as HMRC is beginning to flex new powers to demand that people pay tax within 90 days of receiving an "accelerated payment notice", even before they have a chance to appeal the sum. This could involve paying back taxes, late payment interest and penalties to HMRC.
• HMRC targets Etsy, eBay and Gumtree sellers – but when is your hobby taxable?
• Student hit with £1,300 tax fine over university project – but he can't appeal
Under the new proposals, HMRC could raid bank accounts before debtors have a chance to appeal the amount of unpaid tax in court, or before court judgment is issued.
As a result, the proposals are said to flout centuries-old rights protecting citizens' property from plundering kings, as well as the right to a fair trial, set out in the 800-year-old Charter.
Mr Hoar said: "Taxpayers may be unable to pay their rents, mortgages, credit card bills and so on before they have an opportunity to challenge HMRC's decision."
John Thurso, Liberal Democrat member of the Treasury Select Committee, warned last week that the new powers would override existing law. He said: "We are talking about the ability of one organ of the state to have the unique right to go against the Magna Carta charter and go in and seize – without judicial process or review – a bank account."
– kate.palmer@telegraph.co.uk
– For money-saving tips each week, sign up to our newsletter
HTC announced the first class of 33 companies to join its Vive X accelerator back in July, but has since remained tight-lipped about what those startups have been up to.
This week, we've heard the first update from one of those companies, ObEN. The Pasadena-based group raised $7.7 million in a Series A round of funding to accelerate its work creating realistic and simple avatars for VR and AR. Investors include CrestValue Capital, Cybernaut Westlake Partners, and Leaguer Venture Investment.
ObEN is currently working on a means of constructing accurate avatars of a human with voice replication based on just one photo of them from a smartphone and a small audio sample. Using proprietary AI technology, the company aims to let you bring these avatars into a variety of VR and AR experiences. A press release makes specific mention of how it surpasses avatars that “depend upon cartoon-like characteristics,” perhaps taking a shot at the avatars seen in Facebook's social VR experience shown on-stage at Oculus Connect 3 last month.
The video below shows an example of a 3D model created from such an image.
The company expects to launch its tech in Q1 2017. It's going to be interesting to see how it is implemented into other experiences, especially with Oculus soon launching its own Avatars system, which is again more cartoonish than what ObEN is trying to achieve. The company's Michael Abrash doesn't think perfect virtual humans will be here for many years to come, though.
Interestingly, none of the Series A investors mentioned are listed as members of HTC's VR Venture Capital Alliance (VRVCA), the group of investors that gather once every two months to review pitches from startup VR companies, including those from Vive X. Though unconfirmed, it was thought that ObEN might have been involved in the group's first meeting back in September. We've reached out to HTC to clarify if the VRVCA had any involvement in this funding round.
As part of Vive X, however, ObEN will have had access to mentorship and work space, though it's currently based in technology incubator, Idealab. The company has a range of openings across computer vision and speech recognition on its official website.
Tagged with: avatars, investment, ObEN
LOS ANGELES — A woman is suing the Getty Foundation alleging she was denied an undergraduate internship with the institution because she is white.
Samantha Niemann filed the lawsuit Friday in Los Angeles Superior Court, alleging a violation of her civil rights, racial discrimination and harassment as well as retaliation. She seeks unspecified compensatory and punitive damages.
A Getty representative did not immediately reply to an email seeking comment.
The suit states that in February 2015, Niemann “was deterred from applying” for the foundation's Multicultural Undergraduate Internship program and told that only black, Asian, Latino, Native-American and Pacific Islander candidates were eligible.
A Getty Foundation representative confirmed to Niemann — who is of German, Irish and Italian descent — that she was disqualified from applying because of her race and national origin, the suit states.
Niemann was “well-qualified” for the internship because she was a student at Southern Utah University with a 3.7 grade-point average, the suit states.
The Getty Foundation's website states that the Multicultural Undergraduate Internship program's is aimed at encouraging “greater diversity in the professions related to museums and the visual arts.”
The program supports “substantive, full-time summer work opportunities for college undergraduates from cultural backgrounds that have traditionally been underrepresented in the arts,” the website states.
Story highlights Dog shielded child and woman being attacked in a road rage incident, witness says
Video shows injured dog going behind a building, where it died
"They were fired upon and their family was terrorized," Atlanta police spokesman says
(CNN) Witnesses are crediting a family's German shepherd with shielding its owners from gunfire in an Atlanta road-rage incident.
The Friday incident began with an altercation on an Atlanta road, according to CNN affiliate WXIA . The driver followed the family to a nearby strip mall and began shooting, according to an unnamed witness interviewed by the station.
"They just rolled right up, they pulled a gun out and started clapping," the witness said, using a slang term for shooting.
The witness said the dog jumped in front of one of the children and a woman in the car. Surveillance video captured the dog trotting off to die behind a nearby building, WXIA reported.
"They were fired upon and their family was terrorized," Atlanta police Sgt.Gregory Lyon told the station. "They survived that only to find that their pet is now gone. It's sad for the whole family, especially the day after Thanksgiving."
Read More
It may be Halloween, but for thousands of corporate IT users there's another reason today inspires fear: it's time once again for the mandatory end-of-month password change. Few commons IT policies drive users to distraction as regularly and reliably as the aggressiveness of enterprise password policies.
But with more potential threats to enterprise security coming from external sources that take advantage of the users' accounts once they're already logged in, do byzantine password policies really do anything to protect corporate data? In some cases, the password policy may create a bigger security threat than the risk of a password being guessed.
The password problem
Passwords are still important, but the value of aggressive password policies as security against unauthorized access is questionable, said Andrew Marshall, CIO of Philadelphia-based Campus Apartments in an interview with Ars Technica. “Statistical attacks—repeated attempts at guessing a password using hints or a dictionary—are unlikely to yield results, provided that the enterprise system implements a ‘lockout after X incorrect attempts” policy,” he said. “Enforcing tricky complexity and length rules increases the likelihood that the password will be written down somewhere.”
Even strong passwords don't prevent breaches. Scott Greaux, a product manager at Phishme, a security risk assessment firm, said that most recent data breaches have been the result of social engineering attacks like phishing. “Every major breach has been initiated by phishing,” he said. “Password controls are great. Mature authentication systems enforce strong passwords, and have reasonable lockouts for failed login attempts, so brute-forcing is increasingly difficult.”
But, Greaux says, the weak link is a user's trusting nature. “I could ask people for their strong, complex password," he added, "and they'll probably give it to me.”
If users aren't writing down or giving up their password, many just forget them, increasing the workload on help desks. Adam Roderick, director of IT services at Aspenware, tells Ars that he frequently hears from client companies that a quarter to a third of all help-desk requests are the result of forgotten passwords or locked accounts. Despite the availability of self-service password recovery systems such as those from ManageEngine, “I do not see much investment from corporate IT in password recovery tools,” he said.
Roderick said single sign-on systems could significantly reduce the problem, since users' frustrations usually come from having to manage multiple passwords.
But many companies have no desire to implement single sign-on systems, and some see them as a security risk rather than an aide. In an e-mail interview with Ars Technica, John Biglin, the CEO of IT consulting firm Interphase Systems, gave an example of one client's password nightmare. “We have a client where the users need regular access to five or six systems that require passwords,” Biglin said. “The firm has an aggressive policy that includes a complex password requirement—the password must include mixed case, numbers, and special characters; the passwords cannot be reused for 12 [changes]; the passwords must be changed every 60 days, and 30 in some cases; and three failed attempts lock the account, with no self-service reset capability.”
The company's IT team has “had no desire to implement SSO,” Biglin said. And the password policy is enforced across all systems, regardless of how often they're accessed, “so if you don't use a particular system often, you can count on needing to call the help desk every time the user attempts to access it,” he added. Biglin said that the client's security team believes that this “hard core approach” keeps their systems safe, but “what actually happens is that many users now write down each of their passwords on a Post-It, a notebook on their desk, or something under their keyboard.” Some even keep passwords in a spreadsheet on their laptop, so if one of their passwords is compromised, hackers could have access to all of the corporate systems.
A better policy
So just what is a good password policy? It depends on who you ask. Biglin suggests complex passwords, changed two or three times a year, and the use of a self-service password reset option.
Marshall thinks regular changes are important if only to avoid the problem of password reuse outside the enterprise. “It's tempting to use the same password as your enterprise account's password,” he said. “If the password changes frequently, you're less likely to use it externally.” He thinks what's more important is teaching users how to create passwords that they can remember.
One of those methods is to use a passphrase rather than a password, a method illustrated here in Randall Munroe's comic xkcd:
The World Game has been informed that an announcement is “imminent” after the key terms on Cahill's contract were finally agreed upon this week. There now remains only a minor few terms to finalise and barring any last-minute hitches, he could be unveiled during the next week.
It's understood that City and Cahill's management team had consolidated the framework of a deal weeks ago but have been waiting for Football Federation Australia to underwrite a significant portion of the deal.
The governing body was reluctant to meet the initial requirements but have gradually been able to shape a deal they believe they can generate a return on, especially with the next round of TV rights up for negotiation at the end of the coming season.
Cahill on target again for Hangzhou in Chinese Super League D-Day looming for Cahill deal
The deal will make the former Everton star by far the highest-paid player in the A-League in 2016-17, with FFA chief executive David Gallop pushing hardest to get the deal over the line.
At the behest of City, Gallop was also instrumental in implementing the “Cahill Rule”, allowing the little-used guest player spot to be extended to a whole season.
It has been previously speculated about that Cahill could earn up to $4 million from the deal - although that may be dependant on a variety of factors, potentially including crowds, merchandise, exhibition matches and sponsorship.
The FFA will also likely get to use Cahill, by far Australian football's most recognisable figure, across multiple marketing campaigns as he seeks to play in a fourth World Cup in Russia in 2018.
While clubs such as Perth Glory and Sydney FC were in the race for Cahill at various points in the past year, all suitors ended up shying away from making a concrete offer, preferring to concentrate on different marquee targets.
Instead, with City desperate to make further inroads into the Melbourne market and their owners, City Football Group, the A-League's richest, it quickly became apparent that it was the most viable match.
The 36-year old is about to officially fall out of contract at his club, Hangzhou Greentown, where he has spent the past six months. At the half-way point of the Chinese Super League season, Hangzhou are two places - or five points - clear of the relegation zone, with Cahill having racked up four goals in 17 games.
It hasn't been quite as prolific as his spell with Shanghai Shenhua in 2015, where a slow start gave way to a fantastic finish, ending the season with 11 goals in 28 games.
While Cahill hinted that he could stay in China for another year, just before the Socceroos' matches against Greece last month, the Socceroos' all-time leading scorer publicly challenged Gallop to get involved in a deal to bring him home.
"I've never closed the door on the A-League. The good thing is I knew I was going to be free going into the (transfer) window in July," he said. "A lot of things are up in the air but I've just got to keep playing - that's the main thing for me.
"I'll look to see what happens for me, whether I stay in China or go somewhere else in the world.
"But overall, I think it's going to be left down to the big boss man of the league to decide what he wants to do."
History and A&E are far and away the best basic cable channels for producers to work with, according to a first-of-its-kind survey of independent reality TV producers. By contrast, says the survey, BET and WE tv are the worst.
The survey, sponsored by the Non-Fiction Producers Association, polled members and non-members alike to determine the rankings of 23 cable outlets in six major areas of concern to producers: executive creativity and dedication to the creative process; the effectiveness of their production management staffs; preferences for pitching; the development process; business affairs process and policies, and production editorial oversight.
History, whose executives ranked first in creativity, was the highest rated channel in three other categories as well – including the effectiveness of its production management staff and tied with A&E in the business affairs category – and placed second in two others.
A&E ranked first in two categories – business affairs and production oversight – and finished second in the other four categories.
Nonfiction Producers Association
“For many months, the Non-Fiction Producers Association has been meeting with individual networks to further the producer-network dialog and suggest ways to improve processes,” said NPA general manager John Ford. “This survey, which is part of that effort, is meant to be a snapshot, from a producer's point of view, of their current business climate, and we intentionally kept it contained to the six basic areas they say most influence the production experience.”
Investigation Discovery was the only other channel to finish in the top five in all six categories, while Lifetime, the Travel Channel, Animal Planet, and HGTV all finished in the top 10 in each of the categories.
Nonfiction Producers Association
At the other end of the spectrum, WE tv's executives ranked last in creativity, and the channel ranked last in program development; second to last in two others – including the effectiveness of its production management staff – and third to last in business affairs and the pitching process.
BET, meanwhile, had the lowest score given to any of the cable channels – a 2.9 rating for its business affairs process and policies – and finished dead last in the effectiveness of its production management staff. It also finished second to last in three categories – including the creativity of its executives – and third to last in production editorial oversight.
Oxygen finished last in production editorial oversight, which according to the survey means its team is the least collaborative and professional, and the least understanding of the budget as it relates to editorial changes and requests. Oxygen finished in the bottom five of three other categories, and the bottom ten of all six.
Nonfiction Producers Association
Spike finished in the bottom five of all but one category, and finished sixth from last in program development.
CMT, the Country Music Channel, finished last in the category of who producers most like to pitch to, and in the bottom five of all the other categories, including second to last in business affairs.
Bravo, National Geographic, CNBC, VH1, Food, MTV, CNBC, Syfi, TLC, truTV, and E! finished mostly in the middle of all six categories.
Ford acknowledged that “there are some outside factors that add weight to the survey results, at least anecdotally,” noting that “it's probably no coincidence that networks that buy the largest volume of programming placed, for the most part, in the top 10 spots. We did tabulate the results to ensure the survey didn't penalize networks that don't buy what certain producers sell. Ultimately, this survey is specifically designed to offer information that can improve processes and better the relationships between producers and networks.”
"Black Beatles," featuring Gucci Mane, reigns for a fifth week, while "Bad Things" blasts 17-10.
Rae Sremmurd leads the Billboard Hot 100 (dated Dec. 24) for a fifth week with "Black Beatles," featuring Gucci Mane. Meanwhile, Machine Gun Kelly and Camila Cabello's "Bad Things" bounds into the top 10, soaring from No. 17 to No. 10.
As we do every Monday when the chart is compiled, let's run down the top 10 of the Hot 100, which blends sales, airplay and streaming data. Highlights of the Hot 100 post on Billboard.com each Monday, with all charts updated each Tuesday.
"Beatles," released on Interscope Records, continues atop the Hot 100, having first topped the tally sparked heavily by the momentum of its use in viral Mannequin Challenge videos. The first Hot 100 No. 1 for the brother duo of Khalif "Swae Lee" and Aaquil "Slim Jxmmi" Brown (and likewise the first leader for Gucci Mane), is the top-selling and most-streamed song of the week for a fifth week (and is the top gainer in airplay for a fourth frame).
"Beatles" leads the Streaming Songs chart with 38 million U.S. streams (down 10 percent), according to Nielsen Music. Of its streams for the week, 23.4 million were from YouTube and 9.6 million from Spotify. It also tops Digital Song Sales with 70,000 sold (down 16 percent). (Notably, the sum is the lowest for a Digital Song Sales No. 1 in nearly 11 years, since Beyonce's "Check On It," featuring Slim Thug, led the Jan. 28, 2006, chart with 61,000. Nielsen began tracking digital song sales in 2003.)
"Beatles" continues to build in airplay, as it pushes 9-8 on Radio Songs (87 million in audience, up 19 percent) and ranks at No. 1 on R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay for a fourth week (36 million in format audience, up 5 percent). The track tops Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and Hot Rap Songs charts for a fifth week each.
The Weeknd's "Starboy," featuring Daft Punk, spends a seventh (nonconsecutive) week at its No. 2 Hot 100 peak. It keeps at No. 2 on Radio Songs (120 million, down 4 percent), Digital Song Sales (60,000, up 13 percent) and Streaming Songs (30.7 million, down 8 percent), while leading On-Demand Streaming Songs for a third week (17.4 million, down 15 percent) and the Hot R&B Songs chart for an 11th week.
The Chainsmokers' "Closer," featuring Halsey, holds at No. 3 on the Hot 100 after spending 12 weeks at No. 1, the longest rule of 2016. (Halsey was honored with the Rising Star award at Billboard's 2016 Women in Music celebration Dec. 9, airing tonight, Dec. 12, at 9 p.m. ET on Lifetime.) "Closer" tops Radio Songs for an 11th week (133 million, down 4 percent), tying Justin Bieber's "Love Yourself" (11 weeks, February-May) for the airplay chart's longest command this year (Adele's "Hello" also posted 11 weeks at No. 1 on Radio Songs from November 2015 to February 2016). "Closer" holds at No. 4 on Streaming Songs (21.6 million, down 1 percent) and slips 5-7 on Digital Song Sales (43,000, down 5 percent). The track additionally tops Billboard's Hot Dance/Electronic Songs chart for a 17th week.
Bruno Mars' "24K Magic" returns to its No. 4 high on the Hot 100 from No. 5. It stays at No. 4 on Digital Song Sales (52,000, up 12 percent); descends 3-5 on Radio Songs (117 million, down 1 percent); and lifts 10-8 on Streaming Songs (14.6 million, up 9 percent).
Rounding out the Hot 100's top five, Ariana Grande's "Side to Side," featuring Nicki Minaj, slips to No. 5 from its No. 4 Hot 100 peak, although, as previously reported, it crowns the Pop Songs airplay chart, where it's Grande's second No. 1 (following "Problem," featuring Iggy Azalea, in 2014) and Minaj's first.
Zay Hilfigerrr & Zayion McCall remain at No. 6 on the Hot 100, after reaching No. 5 two weeks ago, with "Juju on That Beat (TZ Anthem)"; Maroon 5's "Don't Wanna Know," featuring Kendrick Lamar, hits a new high of No. 7, up from No. 8; DJ Snake's "Let Me Love You," featuring Bieber, retreats 7-8, after peaking at No. 4; and Twenty One Pilots' "Heathens" is steady at No. 9, after ascending to No. 2, and rules Billboard's Hot Rock Songs chart for an 18th week.
New to the top 10, Machine Gun Kelly earns his first top 10 and Cabello her first as a soloist, as "Bad Things" surges 17-10. Following the arrival of the song's official video Dec. 1, and the pair's performance of the song on NBC's The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon the night before, the track roars 7-3 on Digital Song Sales (and 4-1 on Pop Digital Song Sales), up 45 percent to 58,000 sold. It also charges 30-12 on Streaming Songs (11.4 million, up 50 percent). On Radio Songs, it powers 27-20 (47 million, up 27 percent).
In his lone prior Hot 100 appearance, Kelly had spent a week at No. 98 (Jan. 28, 2012) with "Wild Boy," featuring Waka Flocka Flame. Cabello had also made one previous solo visit: "I Know What You Did Last Summer," with Shawn Mendes, reached No. 20 in January.
Before "Things," Cabello hit the top 10 as part of Fifth Harmony, whose first top 10, "Work From Home," featuring Ty Dolla $ign, peaked at No. 4 in June. Cabello, thus, joins an uncommon selection of soloists who have earned their first top 10 in the same year that they earned their first with a group. (Most often, unsurprisingly, soloists achieve a first top 10, if they do at all, of course, years after first reaching the region with a group, a la all four Beatles scoring top 10s several years after the group's first in 1964, among numerous examples over the 58 years of the Hot 100's history.)
Still, just last year, Diplo made his first trip to the top 10 with "Where Are U Now," with Skrillex and featuring Bieber, while Major Lazer (of which Diplo is a third) followed in 2015 with the No. 4-peaking "Lean On," with DJ Snake and featuring MO. (Among others, Jonas Brothers and Joe Jonas each first made the top 10 in 2008.)
Just beyond the Hot 100's top 10, "Scars to Your Beautiful" by Alessia Cara, winner of the Rule Breaker award at Women in Music, hits a new high (15-13); Mariah Carey's seasonal classic "All I Want for Christmas Is You" dashes 23-17 (nearing its No. 11 peak, set last holiday season), while remaining atop the Holiday 100 chart; and, Rihanna's "Love on the Brain" leaps into the top 20 (30-20).
Find out more Hot 100 news in the weekly "Hot 100 Chart Moves" column later this week, and visit Billboard.com tomorrow (Dec. 13), when all charts, including the Hot 100 in its entirety, will refresh.
Also: next week should bring a shakeup in the Hot 100's upper reaches, as Zayn and Taylor Swift's new single, "I Don't Wanna Live Forever," is expected to blast in with a lofty debut (on the Dec. 31-dated Hot 100), following its first week of tracking after its Dec. 9 release. The collab from the former One Direction member and Swift is from the forthcoming Fifty Shades Darker soundtrack. As previously reported, the track debuts at No. 25 on the Dec. 24 Pop Songs airplay chart following its first three days of tracking.
In other solo 1D news, the group's Louis Tomlinson should also debut with his new Steve Aoki team-up single "Just Hold On." Check Billboard.com this week for projections of how much both "Forever" and "Hold" could sell and stream, and how much airplay they might draw, in their first full week each of tracking.
