Surveillance legislation proposed by the UK last November has been examined in detail by the country's politicians, with a new report recommending 86 alterations, but broadly approving the powers requested by the government. The parliamentary committee scrutinizing the draft Investigatory Powers Bill said that companies like Apple and Facebook should not be required to decrypt messages sent on their services, but approved plans to record every UK citizen's browsing history for 12 months. The committee also gave a thumbs up to the bulk retention of data, and the targeted hacking of individuals' computers, known as "equipment interference."
Confusing wording like "data includes any information that is not data"
The Investigatory Powers Bill will be the first legislation to fully codify digital surveillance in the UK, and has been dubbed the "snoopers' charter" by critics (a name used to refer to similar laws rejected a few years ago). The Bill has been attacked by ISPs, privacy advocates, the UN, and the world's largest tech companies, with critics agreeing that the Bill is being rushed into law and that its wording is confusing. Critics point to portions of the law like the statement that "data includes any information that is not data." The UK's home secretary and the Bill's principal architect, Theresa May, later explained that this was supposed to refer to things like paper.
This latest report repeats these complaints, stressing the need for clarity in the Bill's language. However, it also gives its approval to a number of controversial items. The report's authors says that the bulk interception and surveillance should be "fully justified" in a rewrite of the legislation, and notes that although these powers might contravene the EU's right to privacy, "security and intelligence agencies would not seek these powers if they did not believe they would be effective." This is despite the fact that this sort of mass surveillance (already in place, of course, just not officially legislated) has often proven to be ineffective, as with last year's terrorist attacks in Paris.
"The potential value of [internet records] could outweigh the intrusiveness."
Similarly, the committee found no faults with the government's plans to force ISPs to store users' web history for 12 months at a time. This information (known as Internet Connection Records or ICRs) would be available to police without a warrant, with the report noting: "We heard a good case from law enforcement and others about the desirability of having such a scheme. We are satisfied that the potential value of ICRs could outweigh the intrusiveness involved in collecting and using them."
Evidence submitted to the committee pointed out that these records would reveal "sensitive information" about citizens' political, religious, and sexual preferences, as well their health and daily activities, while ISPs noted that storing this data securely would be a "technical challenge." Experts also testified to the difficulty of sorting this data, as many apps like Facebook and Twitter keep a near-constant connection to the internet, and internet users can access sites they're not aware of. One expert noted that he created a blog with a "tiny one-pixel image in the corner" that showed up as Pornhub.com on visitors' internet history.
Good news for American tech giants
By comparison, the committee were much more wary of the UK's desire to access encrypted data, including chat logs from apps like Apple's iMessage and Facebook's WhatsApp. "The Government still needs to make explicit on the face of the Bill that [internet companies] offering end-to-end encrypted communication or other un-decryptable communication services will not be expected to provide decrypted copies of those communications if it is not practicable for them to do so."
Facebook, Microsoft, Google, Yahoo, and Twitter all submitted evidence to the committee saying the proposed legislation would be harmful, impacting individuals' privacy while emboldening more authoritarian regimes like Russia and China to demand similar access to users' data. Apple submitted evidence separately, although CEO Tim Cook also took the time to personally criticize the Bill, saying: "If you halt or weaken encryption, the people that you hurt are not the folks that want to do bad things. It's the good people. The other people know where to go."
Image copyright AP Image caption Government officials said the arrest of Jose Lopez with bags full of money and jewels had been like the plot of a Hollywood movie
An Argentine ex-minister has said that almost $9m (£6.9m) he had tried to hide in a convent had come from politics.
But in his first comments since his arrest, Jose Lopez, who was a minister under Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, gave no further details.
The cash was found after nuns told police a man was throwing bags into their compound.
The story has enthralled Argentina, which has been gripped by several corruption scandals.
At the time of his arrest, Buenos Aires provincial security chief Cristian Ritondo said Mr Lopez "was caught red-handed with six bags, a suitcase and a weapon and he was later identified as a Public Works Minister Jose Lopez from the previous government".
Mr Lopez was found to be in a disorientated and emotional state and police have not been able to interview him since then.
He has been receiving psychiatric treatment while in prison.
Mr Lopez told the judge that when he had recovered his "psychiatric and physical strength" he would give evidence about how the millions of dollars had come to be kept in his home.
Mr Lopez is being investigated for "illegal enrichment" under the Kirchner administration.
OTTAWA – The Ottawa Senators ( @Senators ) announced today that the club has recalled defenceman Ben Harpur on an emergency basis from its American Hockey League affiliate, the Binghamton Senators. The NHL recall is the first of his career.
Harpur, 21, is completing his first season of professional hockey. In 43 games with the B-Sens, he has scored one goal and added four assists, while recording 26 penalty minutes. He scored his first professional goal on Feb. 21 in a 6-2 victory at Hartford.
The 6-6, 218-pound Harpur was drafted by the Senators with their second fourth-round pick (108th overall) in the 2013 NHL Draft. He played four seasons in the Ontario Hockey League, with both the Guelph Storm and the Barrie Colts. While with the Storm, he played against current teammate Curtis Lazar in the 2014 Memorial Cup.
The Senators return to action tonight when they visit the Minnesota Wild at 8 p.m. ET.
Visit the Senators website: www.ottawasenators.com
Engage with the Senators on Twitter: @Senators
Like the Senators on Facebook: www.facebook.com/ottawasenators
Follow the Senators on Instagram: senators
- end -
Larry Flynt signs autographs for fans at the Adult Video News Adult Entertainment Expo at the Sands Expo Center January 12, 2007 in Las Vegas, Nevada. Ethan Miller/Getty Images
The founder and publisher of Hustler, Larry Flynt, is offering a $10 million reward to anyone who can come forward with dirt that could lead to the impeachment of President Donald Trump. Fox Business anchor Liz Claman tweeted a photo of the full-page ad that is set to run in Sunday's Washington Post, which was subsequently retweeted by Flynt.
“Impeachment would be a messy, contentious affair, but the alternative—three more years of destabilizing dysfunction—is worse,” notes the ad. “Both good Democrats and good Republicans who put country over party did it before with Watergate. To succeed, impeachment requires unimpeachable evidence. That's why I am making this offer.”
The ad recognizes that some may see the move as “a sour grapes plot by Democrats to overturn a legitimate election” but that is missing the big picture. “There is a strong case to be made that the last election was illegitimate in many ways—and that after nine tumultuous months in office, Trump has proven he's dangerously unfit to exercise the extreme power accrued by our new ‘unitary executive.'”
The ad then goes on to list a number of reasons why Trump should not hold the highest office in the land, including “inciting violent civil strife with racial dog whistling” and “telling hundreds of bald-faced lies.” But the “most worrisome” of all is that “long before the climate-change apocalypse strikes, Trump might trigger a nuclear world war.”
Neuter The Narcissist ~ HUSTLER November 2017 pic.twitter.com/TQLKju5elE — Larry Flynt (@ImLarryFlynt) September 5, 2017
What is Flynt hoping to find? “Buried in Trump's top-secret tax returns or in other records from his far-flung financial investments there may be a smoking gun,” reads the ad. “Did he make some financial quid pro quo with the Russians? Has the business of the United States been compromised to protect the business of the Trump empire? We need to flush everything out into the open.”
This is not the first time Flynt has offered cash in exchange for information on politicians. It isn't even the first time he has offered money in exchange for dirt on Trump. During the campaign, Flynt offered $1 million for video or audio that showed the then-Republican candidate “engaging in illegal activity or acting in a sexually demeaning or derogatory manner.” Plus, during the impeachment of Bill Clinton, the porn mogul also offered cash in exchange for compromising information on Republicans.
President Eisenhower and NASA administrator T. Keith Glennan examine photographs taken by TIROS-1 in April 1960, less than two years after Eisenhower signed the National Aeronautics and Space Act.
Courtesy Dwight D. Eisenhower Library __1958: __President Eisenhower signs the National Aeronautics and Space Act, creating the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The plot had thickened months before.
Beep … beep … beep …
They were steady, almost metronomic, signals coming from a tiny radio beacon orbiting the Earth every 96 minutes aboard an aluminum sphere measuring a mere 22 inches across. In an instant, everything changed.
It was Oct. 4, 1957, when the Soviet news agency Tass announced to a stunned world that the Soviet Union had successfully placed Elementary Satellite 1, known by its diminutive "Sputnik," into an elliptical orbit some 550 miles above a Cold War–wracked planet.
American scientists attending a reception at the Soviet embassy in Washington, D.C., that day knew their Russian colleagues were close. With luck, the thinking went, the USSR might launch a satellite sometime in 1958. But the Americans were close, too. Their Vanguard program, run by the Naval Research Laboratory, was beset by cost overruns and various delays, but they were confident that they would be first into space.
That illusion was completely shattered Oct. 4, which is remembered as "Sputnik Night." While getting Sputnik into orbit didn't suddenly confer technological supremacy upon the Russians, it was nevertheless a remarkable achievement – and an enormous propaganda coup. For the moment, at least, communism had trumped capitalism on a major front, and the conceit that America stood unequaled in the technological sphere was shaken.
When, less than a month later, the Russians put the larger and much-heavier Sputnik 2 into orbit, with the dog Laika aboard, genuine alarm set in. Now there was talk of a growing technology gap. There were also fears in U.S. military circles that these satellites might be capable of pinpointing targets for a Soviet nuclear-missile attack.
The Space Age was dawning badly for the United States.
The pressure for a U.S. riposte grew. It only intensified with a failed attempt to launch the Vanguard TV3 satellite in December 1957. It was the Army that finally got the United States off the schneid. Wernher von Braun, a key scientist in Nazi Germany's rocket program, was now working for the U.S. Army, along with a number of his former German colleagues brought to the United States as part of Operation Paperclip. They convinced the Pentagon to set Vanguard aside and bet the ranch on the Army's still-untested Project Explorer.
Explorer 1, launched atop a Juno 1 rocket Jan. 31, 1958, was the first American satellite to achieve orbit. Although it was much smaller than Sputnik 2 and only a few pounds heavier than the original Sputnik, Explorer 1 was a badly needed success. It also marked the beginning of the space race in the national consciousness.
Explorer 1 and the subsequent launching of Vanguard 1 mitigated, but did not efface, the sting of Sputnik. And it did nothing to stave off a comprehensive reorganization of the U.S. space program. The Eisenhower administration, working with an often-fractious Congress, got nowhere, so Ike (in between tee times, his detractors would say) directed his science adviser, James Killian, to convene a committee and come up with a game plan.
The first step was to reinvigorate the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, or NACA, a rather geeky and elitist civilian panel that had been around since 1915, by handing it all nonmilitary responsibilities connected to space exploration. As NACA's charter grew, the decision was made to expand it into a full-fledged government agency taking direct responsibility for the nation's space program.
President Eisenhower signed the legislation creating NASA on July 29, and it officially became a functioning entity Oct. 1, with T. Keith Glennan as its first administrator. There were 8,000 employees (inherited from NACA), three research laboratories – Langley Aeronautical Laboratory, Ames Aeronautical Laboratory and Lewis Flight Propulsion Laboratory – and an annual budget of $100 million. (That's about $750 million in today's money, compared to a 2008 budget of more than $17 billion.)
The agency's mission statement will have faint echoes for Star Trek fans: "To improve life here, to extend life there, to find life beyond."
* * * * *
To mark the 50th anniversary of NASA's birth, Wired.com has created a special package of features:
Source: Various
Sputnik Stunned the World, and Its Rocket Scared the Pentagon
April 9, 1959: America Meets Its 7 Original Astronauts
July 20, 1969: One Small Step ... One Giant Leap ...
April 17, 1970: Houston, We No Longer Have a Problem
Jan. 28, 1986: Challenger
Courts have recognized a president's constitutional right to keep his discussions a secret in most instances. A White House spokeswoman had no comment on whether Mr. Trump planned to try to block Mr. Comey's testimony. It is a delicate decision with political and legal consequences.
“If they claim executive privilege, politically it gives the appearance that there's something to hide, which just amplifies all the criticism,” said Mark J. Rozell, a George Mason University professor and the author of a book on the history of executive privilege.
American intelligence agencies have concluded that Russian hackers and propagandists worked to tip the election in Mr. Trump's favor, and investigators want to know whether anyone around Mr. Trump helped that effort. Mr. Trump has repeatedly denied that anyone did.
Some in Congress have suggested that Mr. Trump was trying to obstruct the Justice Department investigation by demanding Mr. Comey's loyalty, asking him to drop the inquiry, and then firing him last month after being rebuffed. Mr. Trump has fueled that suspicion by publicly disparaging the F.B.I. investigation, saying that he was thinking about the case when he dismissed Mr. Comey, and then telling Russian diplomats that the firing had relieved pressure on him.
Robert S. Mueller III, the Justice Department special counsel, has the authority to investigate obstruction. Current and former law enforcement officials have said that F.B.I. agents will most likely question many White House officials as part of that case. Mr. Comey's testimony could be relevant to Mr. Mueller's investigations.
Salah signed for Chelsea for £11m in January 2014 but has only made 19 appearances for the Blues
Fiorentina could take legal action after claiming Chelsea winger Mohamed Salah has refused to return to the Serie A club for a second loan spell.
Salah, 23, moved in January to the Italian club, who said at the time the loan could be extended by another year.
But a Fiorentina statement now claims the Egypt winger wants to join another club, rejected an improved contract and refused to attend pre-season training.
"We have placed the matter in the hands of our lawyers," the club said.
Salah scored nine goals in 26 appearances for the Viola.
He joined Chelsea from Basel for about £11m a year earlier but made only 19 appearances and six league starts.
Salah's move to Fiorentina in January came with fellow winger Juan Cuadrado moving the other way for £23.3m.
Fiorentina's press release said: "The loan agreement runs until 30 June 2015 with the possibility of extending the deal for the 2015-16 season and a further option of making the transfer permanent."
Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
Sanctions that make it more difficult for ex-offenders to obtain jobs, housing and even basic documents like drivers' licenses only serve to drive them back to jail. With that in mind, a growing number of states and municipalities now prohibit public agencies — and in some cases private employers — from asking about a job applicant's criminal history until the applicant reaches the interview stage or gets a conditional job offer. These eminently sensible “ban the box” laws are intended to let ex-offenders prove their qualifications before criminal history issues enter the equation.
Earlier this year Minnesota extended its existing law to cover private employers. Now, the Minneapolis-based Target Corporation, one of the nation's largest employers, has announced that it will remove questions about criminal history from its job applications throughout the country. The announcement represents an important victory for the grassroots community group TakeAction Minnesota, which had been pressuring the company to change.
This comes on the heels of a similar development earlier this month in California, where Gov. Jerry Brown signed a ban-the-box bill that applies to government employers. The federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission gave this movement a lift last year, when it expanded and updated a ruling that barred employers from automatically denying people jobs based on arrest or conviction records. The E.E.O.C. guidance made clear that an arrest alone is not proof of illegal conduct or grounds for exclusion from employment. It also explained that employers need to take into account the seriousness of the offense, the time that has passed since it was committed and the relevance of the crime to the job being sought. Given that 65 million Americans now have criminal records, that reminder is crucial.
Diego Orlandini sits in the corner of a white leather couch in the center of the HGAB magazine headquarters in Wynwood. He leans back and crosses his legs. Beneath his left hand lies a mockup of a black-and-white book with what appear to be doodles on the cover. Thick yellow bubble text reads, “The Wynwood Coloring Book.”
That's right — Orlandini has created a coloring book for adults by taking the murals that adorn the streets of Miami's arts district and turning them into colorless sketches.
The craze of adult coloring as a way to release stress is relatively new, with researchers and therapists confirming the calming benefits. Barnes & Noble has tables full of them, and even Warner Bros. will release five Harry Potter coloring books targeting the franchise's older fan base by summer.
Continue Reading
EXPAND Courtesy of Diego Orlandini/Wynwood Coloring Book
Orlandini had the idea for The Wynwood Coloring Book last summer, when his now-former girlfriend gave him one to try. A few months later, in October, he felt inspired and got to work. While walking through Wynwood and looking at the street art, he thought, It would be so cool to be able to color these murals myself.
“I started reaching out to artists and trying to convince them to join this crusade,” the graphic designer says.
After contacting a few muralists, Orlandini was hopeful but unsure. “At first, I didn't know what was going to happen. But it was amazing how quickly they responded and how for-it they were.
“For me, it was very important to properly represent the artists' work, so in a way, I'm sort of making this book for them.” Over time, the murals get painted over by other works, but with the coloring book, they remain alive. In a way, Orlandini sees the eight-by-eight-inch book as an ambassador of Wynwood as it makes its way around the world and shows outsiders what's hidden in a former warehouse district in Miami.
When he began the project, he didn't know much about the local and international artists whose works cover the streets, but now when he walks around, he can name the painter of nearly every mural.
EXPAND Courtesy of Diego Orlandini/Wynwood Coloring Book
The selection process was pretty simple: He chose the artists whose murals he liked. From there, he created a proof of concept to send them, and once permission was granted, it was like popping the top on a fresh can of spray paint.
Orlandini also wanted his book to have variety, so he made sure to include intricate pieces with thin lines alongside works with thick lines and large, easy-to-color spaces.
The first edition of The Wynwood Coloring Book features more than 40 artists and is already in the final production phase. Featured are recognizable street arts such as Diana Contreras, Alex Senna, The London Police, Jenny Perez, GG Art, and Patch Whisky. But Orlandini has since been contacted by an overwhelming number of people wanting to be included in the next book. “I see this having multiple editions,” he says with a smile.
“I wanted to make something that was different but also representative of Wynwood and something that you would want to keep with you.”
The Wynwood Coloring Book
The 64-page book is available for preorder for $19.95 at wynwoodcoloringbook.com and will begin shipping this month.
(updated 6/2016)
Who might consider orotate?
There are now at least three groups of people interested in lithium orotate.
First, there are people for whom the idea of “lithium”, as a drug from a psychiatrist, is a frightening prospect. And that's quite understandable: kidney risk, thyroid risk, risk of side effects, risk of “toxicity” if the blood level gets too high, risk for about 1 person in ten who gets so flat and dull and blah they hate it (and some then write about this experience on the ‘net). Yeesh, who'd want to take that. Not to mention the reputation: “lithium, that's for people they hospitalize, serious mental illness”, etc.But for many of these people, an ultra-low-dose approach that avoids all these problems, and that might address their mood problems (and maybe more, depending on who you read), now that's worth looking into.
Secondly, there are people who have heard of the research regarding lowering the risk of cognitive decline toward Alzheimer's. If you had a parent with Alzheimer's, wouldn't you be interested in some ultra-low-dose, “water supply” level step you could take to lower your risk? After all, even if the evidence for this effect was extremely slim, if this version of lithium was really cheap and carried no risk, why not just take it in the hopes that further research would continue to show potential benefit? Some people whose parents became ill early, or who already see some sign of memory decline, may feel they don't have time to wait for the further research. Finally, a few people might consider taking lithium orotate because tiny amounts of lithium in a city's water supply have been correlated with lower suicide rates in those cities. In one study, the higher the lithium in the water, the lower is the suicide rate, with few exceptions.
The key for all these groups is to find a dose that is so low it's almost impossible for it to cause any harm. But tiny-dose lithium has been marketed as a vitamin, and has created a very significant market, full of outrageous claims. Until now I've just dismissed lithium orotate entirely because of those claims.
Data: One Study (Two?) So Far
Okay, let's look at the data. The one relevant paper, in my view, is not the Dr. Nieper stuff you read about (here's a rather thorough review). Instead there's the small trial from Brazil in patients with Minimal Cognitive Impairment, MCI. The daily dose was only 300 micrograms. Yet in a year, it worked to prevent progression toward Alzhiemer's. Wow, that dose is even less you get from lithium orotate as sold on the internet – a lot less.
If you're being a good scientist you'd want a second study, by another research group, also seeing the same positive results. But that means waiting another year. Oh wait, there is a second study. It had a smaller group of subjects, though, and perhaps for that reason, even though the results went in the same direction as the first study, it wasn't “statistically significant” (meaning, roughly, it could easily have happened by chance). Interestingly, this second study used a much larger dose, but not “bipolar” doses:
dose blood level (mmol/L) First Brazilian study 300 micrograms not tested (too low!) Second Brazilian study about 300 milligrams 0.2- 0.4 Routine bipolar treatment 900 – 1500 mg 0.7-1.1
What to do with these two Brazilian studies? Different doses. Different outcomes. The second is not a replication of the first, and the first one used an unprecedented low dose.
Here's a technical review of all this by the authors of the second study, if you wish. Forlenza Note they conclude by asking: “so, are we ready to start using lithium to prevent Alzheimer's?” and conclude no. Because they are going by scientific and standard medical criteria for judging a therapy. But what if you are facing Alzheimer's? Might you consider a different standard? One that compares risks, as well as what's known about effectiveness?
Safety of low-dose orotate
Lithium orotate has received only minimal evaluation in terms of its safety. One 1979 study in rats found it more harmful than the conventional form (lithium carbonate) to the animals' kidneys. Smith That study seems to have brought an end to scientific study of the orotate approach. But it used doses of lithium orotate that were roughly equivalent to the full adult human dose (e.g. 1500 mg in a larger adult).
The doses that are sold on the internet, which are far below those used in bipolar treatment, have not been tested for their safety. Even the low-dose lithium tested for prevention of Alzheimer's, described in the Brazilian study above (blood level 0.2 – 0.4), is far higher than what you find in some orotate forms on the internet. See my comparison table below. To get a blood level of 0.2 would generally require about 150-300 mg per day of lithium carbonate, the usual prescription form, depending on your kidney function.
The single 1979 study, and the lack of further such research since then, leaves open the question of safety of lithium orotate in human kidneys. Is it more or less risky than lithium carbonate? This is a complete unknown.
Lithium in the water supply?
This story made the New York Times, in an article by a psychiatrist.Fels Lithium is found in the water supply of several cities around the world. Amazingly, those cities have lower suicide rates than nearby cities with little or no lithium in their water. (One study did not find this relationship but. there wasn't as much lithium in the water there. Kabacs )
Here are the data from the Japanese study, which is the most striking:
See the trend down and to the right? The higher the lithium level, the lower the suicide rate.
Don't worry: putting lithium in everyone's water is extremely unlikely. You should have seen the fuss that arose in the community next door to mine over putting fluoride in the city water to prevent tooth decay. It took a couple of doctors campaigning to get it back in after the City Council took it out.GT And that was just teeth. Putting something in there to mess with your head ? Forget it. But with lithium orotate, people could do this on their own. Not that I'd recommend it at this point (see Conclusion below) but it's possible.
Microdosing: how much actual lithium in each form?
Here are some numbers from a source I trust, Dr. Ghaemi's newsletter (April 2016 issue).
Type dose elemental lithium equivalent in lithium carbonate Average dietary intake 1 mg/day Very high diet/water intake 5 mg/day 25 mg lithium carbonate 300 mg 56 mg lithium carbonate 150 mg 28 mg lithium carbonate 25 mg 5 mg lithium citrate 60 mg/ 1 ml 10 mg/ 1 ml 50 mg lithium orotate 120 mg 5 mg 25 mg
In other words, to get the amount found in areas with very high water levels, one could use:
One pill of lithium orotate (120 mg/pill)
1/2 of a ml of lithium citrate (at 60 mg/ml)
1 ml of that same lithium citrate every other day
1/2 of a 150 mg lithium carbonate every other day
Or one could just take a 150 mg lithium carbonate pill daily and be taking 4 times the amount that people are getting who live in areas with a lot of lithium in their water. That's what I have prescribed for patients (just a few so far) who are facing a high risk of Alzheimer's .
Happily, I'm not alone in this. In a subsequent article in his newsletter, Dr. Ghaemi says “it is reasonable” to suggest 5 mg of elemental lithium for prevention of Alzheimer's.
Microdosing using lithium citrate
To avoid the whole question of the safety of the orotate approach, one could just use lithium citrate. It's a prescription pharmaceutical, but also available over the internet without a prescription.
But look at how little lithium is in the internet form! First, notice in the table above, the standard version of prescription lithium citrate is 60 mg/ml. Compare one internet lithium citrate with 500 mcg per 1 ml. That's micrograms per ml, got that? That means you'd have to take 2 ml to get to just 1 mg per day. Wow, there's hardly any lithium in there. To get to 5 mg a day, as in the table above, you'd need 10 ml per day. The whole bottle would be gone in three days! (There are 30 ml per fluid ounce. You get 1 fluid ounce for $21.50).
So don't bother with that route. Someone's just making money there. Unless you believe in homeopathic doses, in which case I'm surely just offending you left and right on this website. Sorry, my religion is science, I'll confess that.
How about lithium aspartate instead?
Another low-dose lithium route is lithium aspartate. But whereas orotate is marketed for its special ability to deliver lithium, aspartate is not regarded as special. It's just another ion to carry lithium, like the carbonate ion in regular prescription lithium.
Lithium aspartate can also be purchased over the internet. But what about the safety of aspartate, which after leaving lithium, will be floating around loose in your body? By comparison, when carbonate goes off loose, it joins a huge pool of carbonate already present in the body (carbonate is closely related to CO2, which we breathe out all the time).
In 20 minutes of looking, I could not find much about aspartate as a loose ion. In the small amounts that you'd get from lithium aspartate, it might be the same “drop in the bucket” as with carbonate, because it's an amino acid, we eat it in protein all the time.
But cysteine is an amino acid also, and it quite clearly has effects on mood and anxiety (read about n-acetylcysteine, the more absorbable form). So again, just like the orotate approach, once you leave prescription lithium carbonate, with which we have nearly 50 years of experience, we're in unexplored territory, as best I can tell.
Yes, there are other products out there like potassium aspartate. But I did not come up with known, tested, routinely used medications that use aspartate (I could be missing them, there could be many I don't know about).
For now, I think perhaps the safest route is to use low-dose prescription lithium in the hands of someone who knows what they're doing with it. But I know that's easy to say, while accessing such a person, and paying for it, is perhaps not easy at all, for many people.
Thyroid
Hold on a minute, though. Microdose lithium may not pose much risk to kidneys. But lithium commonly causes thyroid problems (usually getting too low, “hypothyroid”; rarely getting too high, “hyperthyroid”). One person in 10 develops this problem at standard bipolar-treatment doses. And it's far more common in women than in men, which means the risk for women is even higher, more like one woman in 5, or even one in 3.
So, what would lithium orotate do to your thyroid state? As far as I know, this too has never been studied (despite all the lithium orotate flying around out there). Maybe 300 micrograms poses very low risk (recall that was the dose in the microdose Brazilian study); but once someone get ups into the 300 milligram range, she definitely needs thyroid testing.
Safety of high-dose orotate
A high-dose lithium orotate pill (e.g. 120 mg per pill; many contain far less) has 5 times less than less lithium in it than the lowest dose of prescription lithium (carbonate). You'd have to take a lot of orotate to get much lithium. An overdose of lithium orotate produced a sub-therapeutic blood level. Pauze' However, safety of lithium depends on your kidney function. If that was poor, even the amount of lithium in the internet orotate forms could be dangerous.
Conclusion
For my patients with MCI (minimal cognitive impairment), I'm checking their kidney function and in several cases prescribing lithium. This is based on the two Brazilian studies. And it's based on the basic science behind these trials, which is substantial and also suggests this approach ought to help. And because very-low-dose lithium is easier to use safely than full-dose lithium.
Could someone just start taking lithium orotate for the same reasons? I can see why someone would be tempted: get lithium's potential brain benefits, no doctors, no blood tests. How big a dose can one take safely in this fashion? Unknown. Is it safer to use lithium carbonate, say 150 mg, the lowest available prescription dose, than to mess with orotate, which is so untested? I think maybe so: at least that way you can get your kidney and your thyroid checked too.
Lastly, does it accomplish anything to take tiny-dose lithium, like they used in the first Brazilian study? Now there's something I'd love to know, and when someone repeats that study, if they get the same result, I'd think nearly everyone would want a 300 mcg pill. Or come to Ashland, Oregon and have a sip from the public fountain once a day.
You wouldn't think that a place like the Community Food Co-op in Bozeman, Mont., has much work to do when it comes to sustainability. Yelp reviews describe the place variously as “perhaps the nicest cooperative grocery in the country,” with “local, organic, down-to-earth options” and patrons that fit “the stereotypical Bozeman granola or hippie type.” In this college town of 38,000 people, the co-op boasts 20,000 members — a sign that it must be doing something right.
But even with that kind of green cred, there's room for improvement. Despite its longstanding commitment to sourcing locally, the co-op still managed to double the amount of local food it purchased in 2012, and saw sales rise accordingly — joining the growing ranks of institutions around the country getting serious about connecting people with local farms and food.
The Community Food Co-op has two locations, both of which sell deli food that's prepared at a large central kitchen in a separate building. Though the stores' produce departments offer some local fare, until recently, the central kitchen relied mostly on a large out-of-state distributor to provide the ingredients for its soups, sandwiches, and hot meals (things like stir-fried veggies, mac ‘n' cheese, sweet-and-sour tofu, and fried rice). The alternative — working directly with growers — is much more labor-intensive, not to mention risky. As central kitchen manager Christina Waller puts it, “It's hard to know when you're going to get a hailstorm.”
Waller, who's 36 and hails from Atlanta originally, studied nutrition as an undergraduate and always valued good food, but her job at the co-op — she started in 2006 — was the “catalyst,” she says, that pushed her to get a master's degree in sustainable food systems. Inspired to put what she'd learned into practice, Waller started volunteering at Bozeman's Three Hearts Farm, where farmer Dean Williamson grows everything from spinach to fava beans and lemon cucumbers on his seven acres.
She saw the abundance of good food growing there — all without pesticides — and compared it to the produce trucked in to the co-op from Spokane, Wash. “After a week out [on the farm], I was like, ‘Why don't we have more local produce?'”
Waller started asking other local farmers about buying wholesale produce. For small growers who typically sell to CSAs and farmers markets, bulk orders can require some scrambling. “It was a new thing for them, for us to suddenly be asking for hundreds of pounds of produce,” she says, so she made it clear that she was open to working with what the farmers had available. If a cool summer led to a paltry tomato crop, for example, she could supplement with inferior trucked-in versions; if a local grower had an abundance of squash, then butternut squash soup could become a daily staple instead of a weekly special.
“Making that commitment to buy the food and deal with all the unpredictables — it takes a leap of faith,” says Williamson, who's only been farming for five years (but “it feels like a lifetime.”) “Until you see it work.”
And it did work, thanks in no small part to Waller's gung-ho approach to the demanding task of building partnerships with, and balancing supply from, at least a half-dozen different small farmers. Such strong partnerships make the investment worth it: “I know [the co-op is] going to give me a fair price, so I'm going to give them great food,” Williamson explains.
Conventional wisdom has it that local food commands a prohibitively high price — for its superior taste, freshness, and market cache, as well as the labor that would be taken over by middlemen in a larger operation — but Waller found that to be the case for only some items. With others, like zucchini, cabbage, broccoli, and cauliflower — things easy to grow and harvest in Montana — “our prices were less than what we'd be paying for large distributors, and [the food was] honestly so much better.”
Plus, buying from local farmers means less waste. “Sysco is infamous for packing their greens in 20-pound bags,” Williamson says. “The bottom three or four pounds are useless when they show up. Because we're close by, we can package in a way that everything shows up fresh.”
Waller made it a goal to spend an average of $2 per pound overall, and by the end of the season, she found that her costs had evened out to $1.98 per pound. And once customers caught on to the fact that the co-op's prepared foods were now made with higher-quality local ingredients, sales soared. In one telling example, the co-op sold nearly $12,000 worth of pies made with local pumpkin this past Thanksgiving, compared to just $5,000 worth of non-local pumpkin pies over the same time period in 2011.
Now that she's seen her investment in local food pay off, Waller is ready to take it to the next level. She plans to streamline her system with spreadsheets and a set ordering schedule. She's also applied for a state Department of Agriculture grant to buy some large processing equipment, so that this year the co-op can purchase several times the amount of local, seasonal produce it bought last year and preserve it for year-round use in its prepared foods.
Waller tested out this idea by stocking up on produce at the end of last summer and seeing which preserved items would be popular. She tried pesto, then “killed it with kimchi,” according to Williamson. “It flew off the shelves.”
For farmers like Williamson, this system “essentially allows me to grow 10,000 pounds of kale, or whatever, and they flash-freeze it and have kale for salads and soups all year,” he says. And for customers, “Now you've got access to food that's grown right down the street 365 days [a year]. That's the game changer.”
The central kitchen's operation closely mirrors the way larger institutions like schools and hospitals prepare food, offering a glimpse of how it might be possible for such organizations to shift their sourcing through a similar focus on processing and preserving. Of course, the co-op is an autonomous, member-owned body that has far more control over its budget than public schools do. Still, all over the country, school districts, corner stores, restaurants, government programs, farm shares, social-justice groups, and Native American tribes are finding ways to make local, sustainable food the rule — not the exception — for the populations they serve, despite lean budgets and small staffs. As a result, sales from farms directly to buyers have doubled in the past 20 years.
For the co-op, part of this year's goal is to spread the gospel to anyone interested in following its example. “Our plan is to take this model and knock on every door in town and say, ‘You need to do this; it works,'” Williamson says.
“Every school or institution that finally takes the chance and does this — it always seems to end up working out,” says Waller. “And the food is so much better. I knew it would be in theory, but it really has made a huge difference. And it's definitely increased sales, no doubt about that.”
The walkability of central Kamakura is defined by three north-south spines:
The Komachi-Dori Shotengai (nighttime walk-through video) Car-free Hokoten every day from 4 pm to 7 pm (Sundays and holidays 10 am to 4 pm).
Stretches 590 meters (1,940 feet) north from Kamakura Station (JR East and Enoshima/Enoden lines) to Hachimangu Shrine. The Onari-Dori Shotengai (daytime walk-through video) Car-free Hokoten every day from 4 pm to 7 pm (Sundays and holidays 10 am to 7 pm). Note the longer Sunday hours, compared to Komachi-Dori.
Spans 330 meters (1,090 feet) south from Kamakura Station. The Dankazura path (hyperlapse walk-through video, starting from south end) Tree lined walking path in the center of Wakamiya Ave.
Runs 480 meters (1,570 feet) south from Hachimangu main gate to (almost) Kamakura Station, with zero vehicular crossings.
Further south, the central path ends, but wide sidewalks (20-30 feet) continue on both sides for another 1,300 meters (4,300 feet), all the way to Yuigahama beach on the Pacific ocean.
The whole area between Komachi-Dori and Wakamiya Avenue is naturally very pedestrian friendly, being comprised of slow woonerf-type streets such as this one.
–
Here are some screenshots from the Komichi+Dankazura walk-through video by Rambalac
JR Kamakura Station:
Wayfinding in front of JR Kamakura Station (the first map appears to be in Pontevedra MetroMinuto style for bicyclists):
Walking north on Komichi-Dori (just inside the red torii gate):
Jinrikisha / rickshaw:
The last three screenshots were taken in a 10 second period. This is one of the benefits of fine-grained urbanism; it's never boring, even if you walk quite slowly.
Looking west down a cross-street:
Looking west into an alley:
Peeking east into an alley:
More wayfinding:
Looking west down a cross-street:
The following map, showing 70+ shops lining Onari-Dori Shotengai, is from kamakura-guide. Follow the link for more info (in Japanese) and dozens of excellent photos.
The south end of Onari-Dori Shotengai runs into the Yuigahama Shotengai (shown above as 長谷小路). The map below, from City of Kamakura, shows shops along the Yuigahama Shotengai. One lane each way, 40 kmh (25 mph).
Blue: retail shops
Red: horeca (places selling ready to eat food or drink)
Green: service businesses
Screenshots of Yuigahama from Google StreetView:
Kamakura is very compact; this 41-minute walk covers Komichi-Dori, Yuigahama Shotengai, and the commercial areas around Hase station. Starred locations are:
Cafes
Bakeries & Pastry Shops (not including Japanese style sweets shops)
Shops specializing in Chocolate
Ice Cream Shops
[you might call this a “Jiyugaoka style tour”]
Advertisements
Today is one of the shipping deadlines for only the most awesome of things!
Also my To Be Or Not To Be Kickstarter broke $250,000 in funds pledged yesterday. And if you donate $30 or more, you get a digital card you can use in its place at Christmas! It is perhaps... the perfect gift? Assuming whoever you're giving it to is good with patience??
GUESS WHAT JUST CAME OUT: IT'S MY NEW BOOK!! If you've ever wondered what you'd do if you were stranded in the past, wonder no longer! With HOW TO INVENT EVERYTHING, you'll reinvent civilization from scratch, no matter what time period you're in. You'll become the single most influential, decisive, and important person ever born. You'll make history...
...better.
Here's the trailer!
One year ago today: it behoves me to assure you that panel 2 is actually grammatical
– Ryan
“The district court barred the agency from pursuing any deregulation — no matter how limited the geographic area in which planting of RRA would be allowed,” Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. wrote in the opinion, referring to Roundup Ready alfalfa.
Justice John Paul Stevens was the lone dissenter. Justice Stephen G. Breyer did not take part because his brother, District Judge Charles Breyer, had issued the original decision.
Because the Supreme Court left in place the lower court's rejection of approving the crop, the Agriculture Department must either fully or partly approve it before growing can resume.
“I think the practical impact is nil,” said George A. Kimbrell of the Center for Food Safety, a Washington advocacy group that was part of a coalition of environmental groups and organic and conventional alfalfa farmers who had challenged the crop's approval.
The Agriculture Department said Monday that it was on track to complete its environmental impact statement and approve the crop in time for next spring's planting.
Speeding up planting beyond that could only occur if the agency pursues a partial approval while finishing its environmental assessment. But getting partial approval in time for this fall's planting season — beginning in two months — might be difficult.
Still, David F. Snively, Monsanto's general counsel, called the decision a significant victory. “Monsanto and farmers in the United States are thrilled with this decision, which is far-reaching in its look at the regulatory framework that should govern biotech crops,” Mr. Snively told reporters in a conference call.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The Supreme Court's ruling could affect a similar case, also brought by the Center for Food Safety, involving Roundup Ready sugar beets.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In that case, a different federal judge in San Francisco ruled last September that the Agriculture Department had failed to adequately assess the environmental impact.
Planting has continued, however, because the judge, Jeffrey S. White, has not yet ruled on a remedy. A hearing on the matter is scheduled for July 9. The Supreme Court's decision makes it highly unlikely that he will issue a blanket ban on the growing of the genetically engineered beets.
The decision could also sway environmental law in general. Organizations like the National Association of Home Builders and the American Petroleum Institute had filed friend-of-the-court briefs supporting Monsanto, while environmental groups as well as the states of California, Oregon and Massachusetts had weighed in on the side of the Center for Food Safety.
Mr. Snively of Monsanto said the decision made it clear that courts must meet the same strict test in granting injunctions in environmental cases as in other cases. But Nathaniel S. W. Lawrence, an attorney for the Natural Resources Defense Council, said the decision also contained wording that would make it easier in some instances for lawsuits to be filed in cases of possible environmental dangers.
Roundup Ready alfalfa and sugar beets were the newest additions to Monsanto's extremely successful lines of Roundup Ready soybeans, corns and cotton.
The crops contain a bacterial gene that allows them to withstand spraying with Roundup or its generic equivalents, known as glyphosate. That allows farmers to spray their fields to kill weeds while leaving the crop intact, making weed control easy.
The environmental groups and others had said that the foreign gene might spread to organic or conventional nongenetically engineered crops, hurting sales of organic farmers or exports to countries like Japan that did not want genetically engineered varieties.
Court Upholds Verdict
The Supreme Court rejected Pfizer's appeal of a verdict for an Arkansas woman, Donna Scroggin, who blamed the company's menopause drugs for her breast cancer, leaving intact a $2.7 million award that may grow with punitive damages.
The justices let stand on Monday a lower court decision upholding that award, which was the first federal verdict against Pfizer's Wyeth unit over its Prempro hormone-replacement treatment.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The appeal by Wyeth and Pfizer's Upjohn unit sought to leverage a different part of the appeals court ruling ordering a new trial on punitive damages, which a jury had set at $27 million. Pfizer argued that the new trial should cover all aspects of the case, including the jury's finding that the drugs had helped cause Ms. Scroggin's cancer.
Six members of a Metropolitan police crime squad under investigation in a major anti-corruption inquiry are to keep their jobs after being found guilty at a secret disciplinary hearing of smashing up a suspect's car with a baseball bat and a pickaxe handle.
The six, a detective sergeant and five police constables, are the first in a string of officers to face disciplinary hearings following a 16-month anti-corruption inquiry into 15 members of the Enfield crime squad in north London.
The investigation, which began in May 2008, involved 43 separate inquiries into allegations made by a whistleblower that detectives had assaulted and abused suspects, used excessive force to stop a stolen car, and taken property for their own use in the police station, including cars such as a Mercedes, flat screen televisions and other electrical goods. The inquiries were supervised by the Independent Police Complaints Commission.
Three superintendents, who were borough commanders of the area during the period the squad was active, were interviewed as witnesses and legal sources said the managers had been "generally aware" of what was going on. But none have been reprimanded and all three have since been promoted to chief officer rank.
It can be revealed that after a seven-day Metropolitan police misconduct hearing, held behind closed doors, the first disciplinary hearing in the case has found the six officers guilty of discreditable conduct for using excessive force to stop a stolen car. But the panel, made up of senior officers and a lay member from the Metropolitan Police Authority ruled that all six could remain on the force, the Met said on Wednesday.
One officer has had his rank reduced from detective sergeant to detective constable, the five others have been formally reprimanded after the allegations of discreditable conduct were found proven, Scotland Yard said.
Video footage of the six launching an attack on a stolen car driven by Jonathan Billinghurst was uncovered during the anti-corruption inquiry when, after 10 months of surveillance, including bugging the unit, officers from the Met's directorate of professional standards executed search warrants at Edmonton police station.
Within the crime squad they found the footage, which had been filmed as part of police procedure during some arrests. But the contents of the footage are a long way from police procedure.
The six officers, including one female officer, are seen driving an unmarked car and are seen in a traffic jam on Meridian Way, in Edmonton. One of the officers shouts, "attack, attack", before all six leap out of the car, carrying a baseball bat and a pick axes handle, and proceed to smash the passenger side window, the windscreen and the passenger door of the Mini being driven by Billinghurst.
The sound of Tracey Chapman's track Fast Car can be heard as the officers arrest the suspect. They denied doctoring the video to add the music afterwards.
At least one of the officers is seen wearing an anorak with the words "Crime Squad" written in white across the back in a homemade copy of the jackets worn in some American police dramas.
Billinghurst was being targeted, the detectives claimed, because they had intelligence that he had a history of carrying weapons, had made death threats to the police and had threatened to shoot an officer. Billinghurst's brother had been killed two years before on Meridian Way in a head-on collision and the officers claimed that their intelligence showed he held a grudge against the police because a police car was involved in the crash.
Anti-corruption officers found nothing to support any of the so-called intelligence which the six officers claimed to have gathered.
The inquiry, which centred on "disproportionate, unnecessary and inappropriate" action by the crime squad, gathered significant evidence which it passed to the Crown Prosecution Service. But last year the CPS said it would not be bringing charges against any of the officers involved. The misconduct hearing found the detective sergeant had "failed to property supervise five officers by allowing them to use baseball bats and a pick axe handle" to carry out the stop and detain the driver.
The five officers were found to have used "more force than was reasonable or necessary".
The cops, pimps and victims all call it "The Game." It's no game. Young Canadian girls are being beaten, branded, bought and sold in hotels and motels, and along highways across the GTA and Ontario.
The victims are as young as 12, tricked into the sex trade by “Romeo” pimps who sell a dream of money, love and security.
Every day, an increasing number of teenagers and young women are being trafficked across Ontario and forced to work as prostitutes in what has become one of the fastest growing crimes in the province, a Star investigation found. Seasoned detectives and social workers estimate the number of girls being trafficked in Ontario today to be in the thousands.
On the streets, it's known as “The Game.”
Some of the girls are beaten by pimps — whipped with coat hangers heated up on a stove, punched, choked, burnt and forced to sleep naked at the foot of the bed, like dogs.
Some are branded — often with their pimp's street name. Earlier this year, a 21-year-old woman was held down in Toronto as a pimp carved his initials into her hand with a razor and then poured pen ink into the wound.
They are bought and sold — in 2013, police rescued a 17-year-old girl who was traded to a pimp by her own mother for a drug debt.
They are locked in hotel rooms and forced to have sex for money, sometimes up to 15 times a day, and then hand over all their cash to a pimp they are brainwashed into believing is their boyfriend.
Sexual human trafficking is the forced confinement or transportation of a person for the purpose of sexual exploitation. Contrary to popular belief, almost all of the victims in Canada are Canadian born.
Hear from victims who escaped “The Game”
The Star's investigation is based on: information from criminal trafficking cases; federal government documents detailing the problem; interviews with victims, parents, social workers and police officers from four major regions across the GTA; and an in-depth interview with an accused pimp who is behind bars awaiting trial.
Detectives say the crime is growing because trafficking is so lucrative — a pimp can earn $280,000 a year from one sex-trade worker, according to the RCMP. The Internet has also changed The Game by taking these girls off the streets and hiding them behind closed doors. The girls are typically sold on the website Backpage.com which police say is notorious for running sex trafficking advertisements across North America.
Over the past month, the Star has interviewed six victims who were lured into The Game and trafficked throughout the GTA, moved every few days between four-star downtown hotels to cheap motels and strip clubs along Highway 401 and the QEW.
Their stories have similar traits — what lured the girls into The Game was the illusion of love and a secure future.
What made them stay was the fear of being beaten, burnt, “outed as whores” or left for dead, and sometimes threats to their families.
Some of these girls are runaways, abandoned by their parents, or foster kids lured straight out of group homes; others grew up in middle-income households and are recruited from high schools or house parties.
The six victims the Star interviewed said those buying sex were from all walks of life, including businessmen, doctors, lawyers, police officers, labourers, drug dealers, college students, teachers, judges, accountants and soldiers. Occasionally they were women.
Since 2013, Toronto Police have intervened in 359 trafficking incidents — arresting 114 pimps — where victims have told police stories of being deprived of food until they serviced a certain number of men or being forced to call their pimps “Daddy.''
“I've met girls who have been assaulted so badly they've ingested their own teeth,” Toronto Detective David Correa said.
“I've met girls who were forced to put sponge pads inside their private area so they don't bleed while they work. This is barbaric and horrific.”
Just last month, police rescued a 13-year-old girl who was sold for sex in hotels across Brampton, Niagara and Toronto. Two men and a 17-year-old girl have been charged with trafficking. Toronto Police say a previous case includes a victim as young as 12.
Inspector Joanna Beaven-Desjardins, commander of the Toronto Police Sex Crimes Unit, said pimps “brand them like cattle and move them like cattle.”
“This is a Toronto problem, an Ontario problem and a Canada problem. Everyone thinks it's not happening here, but it is,” she said.
On a Thursday night in late November, the Star booked a room at the Mississauga Gates Inn — a motel nestled off Highway 427 that has been named by police and victims as a hot spot for human trafficking.
The two-floor motel, which touts $60 rooms online, was a late-night hive of activity, with flashy cars running laps of the parking lot and men dressed in hoodies and baggy jeans killing time watching movies on iPads in high-end SUVs and Cadillacs.
Star reporters observed a young woman, likely in her late teens with a face full of makeup, walk into a room around 9:30 p.m. Shortly after, a middle-aged man, who appeared to be an airport limousine driver, pulled into the car park and scanned the motel as he took off his suit jacket, neatly folded it and laid it down on his back seat.
He then walked to the woman's door, knocked and was quickly let inside. Exactly half an hour later the man left, looking towards the ground as he walked the dimly lit motel corridor.
Ten minutes later another man arrived at her door.
A cleaner moved in and out of the rooms, changing sheets until the early hours of the morning.
The owner of the Mississauga Gates Inn, who identified himself as Suni, told the Star young girls are trafficked out of high-end hotels and small motels, like his, every day.
“We are kicking these people out like f--king crazy. We are battling the struggle every day,” Suni said.
Human trafficking, both for forced sex and farm and other labour, was written into the Criminal Code of Canada in 2005, but it was only last year that the first pimp in Toronto was convicted. Tyrone Burton, 31, was found guilty of holding two teenagers against their will, confiscating their identity documents and forcing them to work in the sex trade. The Crown is seeking to declare him a dangerous offender to keep him locked up indefinitely.
Hear an accused pimp who is behind bars awaiting trial
From behind bars, Matthew Deiaco, 29, who calls himself a “manager of escorts” and is facing a slew of human-trafficking related charges, told the Star that Toronto's underground sex trade has grown “massively” over the past decade.
In a jailhouse interview in mid-November, the heavily tattooed Deiaco said he couldn't talk about his case before the trial, but he agreed to describe how pimps play The Game.
It's easy to make up to $1,000 a day with one girl, Deiaco said. “Sometimes in a month, if you have four women, you could make $70,000.”
Pimps, Deiaco said, prey on girls who are broken; girls who “need that daddy figure.”
It begins with the boyfriend stage: romantic dates, the illusion of love and the promise of a future, complete with a house they would own together. Then it's the grooming, the gifts and the hints about how much money she could make working in the sex trade.
“You get in there, you find the crack, some just need to hear ‘I love you,' ” Deiaco said.
Finally it comes to the “sale,” where a pimp convinces a girl to prostitute herself and give him all her money.
Deiaco, who said his role was “managing” at least 12 prostitutes in his time, explained a pimp might coerce a girl into entering the sex trade by selling her the dream of security, love, a big wedding and a nice house: “See, I'm putting my 50 in, you have to do your 50. So there's another way, you can have sex with guys, but don't worry, I'm going to love you. At the end of the night you're home with me,” he says.
Natalie, a 27-year-old victim who was confined to a hotel room and forced to have sex with strangers day and night, said she earned $30,000 in one month — but handed every cent over to her pimp. Natalie is not using her real name out of concern for her safety.
“I never really knew what trafficking was. To me, it was always a relationship,” she told the Star. “I felt like he really loved me.”
Physically, Natalie admits she could have run, but mentally, she says, she was trapped. “They get inside your head: I felt like they had a hold of me from the inside — from my mind.”
The mental manipulation and control these traffickers have over women is the most challenging aspect for police and welfare agencies.
The pimps control their cellphones, delete their messages, isolate them from their families and steal their identification documents. They force them to offer “special sexual services” such as anal or unprotected sex to make extra money and then manipulate them through guilt and shame by threatening to “out” them to their families and friends.
Sergeant Martin Dick, a veteran homicide detective from the U.K. who now heads up the Vice Unit for the Halton Regional Police, said sex trafficking was the only crime that has left him in tears.
Last year, Dick entered the hotel room of a teenager whose online escorting ad “ticked all the right boxes” for a potential trafficked victim, such as a photo that doesn't show her face, the offer to do “fetishes” and the request that clients text only (pimps often control the phone and pose as girls using flirtatious text messages).
“She was very aggressive with us at first and I remember being in the room and thinking ‘There's something not right here, you are too defensive,' ” Dick said, his voice breaking.
“There were suitcases on the floor and you could just tell that this was her life. Eventually, I said to her — with tears welling in my eyes — I said ‘Just let us help you, please.' ” The teenager, wearing only lingerie, collapsed on to the floor.
“This girl was crying her eyes out, but she just wouldn't come because she was so downtrodden and beaten and broken. It's so hard to walk out that door, because you don't know what you're leaving her to.”
When the pimp returned to the hotel a few hours later, police arrested him for breaching bail and the teenage girl ran away. The next day, Dick went to court on the off-chance that she was going to be there.
The teenage girl was sitting in the courtroom alongside her pimp's parents, he said.
In May, MPP Laurie Scott put forward a motion to the legislature calling for the creation of a provincial task force to combat homegrown human trafficking and increase funding.
Her motion passed, but the government has taken no action since.
Southern Vermont Primitive Biathlon
February 9-10, 2019
in Manchester, VT
2019 Results - Click Here
Overview:
A primitive biathlon is a fun and challenging wilderness competition of target shooting and snowshoeing. The event is open to all muzzleloading firearm enthusiast, regardless of their skill level or athletic ability.
Spectators are welcomed and encouraged to view portions of the course. Other black powder shooting events are held throughout the weekend.
All the wonderful prizes shown below have been generously donated by many local sponsors. To date, this event has contributed $3400 to Green Mountain Conservation Camps and $30,000 to the Manchester Rod and Gun Club's Green Mountain Conservation Camps Scholarship Fund.
2019 Raffle Prizes:
Investarms .54 cal. rifle featuring 28" octagon rifled barrel (chromed inside), double-set triggers, adjustable rear sight, checkered walnut, red rubber recoil pad, and engraved lockplate. All fittings (trigger guard, forend cap, etc.) are fire blued. This fine muzzleloader has been donated by Dale Hubbard, and Steve DeSalvo.
Thompson Center .50 cal. Impact! Inline muzzleloader, donated by The Reel Angler,
Thompson Center .50 cal. Greyhawk caplock muzzleloader, donated by Harry Lux
Door Prizes:
Registrants and spectators can also sign up to win one of many great door prizes to be given away. You do not have to be present to win. Last year our generous sponsors have donated over $2500 in goods and services.
June 22, 2017 U.S. Torture, A Saudi Coup And ISIS Crimes - "By, With And Through Allies" The U.S. military and/or the CIA outsourced parts of their ongoing torture campaign in Yemen to the United Arab Emirates, reports AP. Some "interrogations" are done in the presence of U.S. personal and on U.S. ships: MUKALLA, Yemen (AP) — Hundreds of men swept up in the hunt for al-Qaida militants have disappeared into a secret network of prisons in southern Yemen where abuse is routine and torture extreme — including the “grill,” in which the victim is tied to a spit like a roast and spun in a circle of fire, an Associated Press investigation has found. Senior American defense officials acknowledged Wednesday that U.S. forces have been involved in interrogations of detainees in Yemen but denied any participation in or knowledge of human rights abuses.
...
At one main detention complex at Riyan airport in the southern city of Mukalla, former inmates described being crammed into shipping containers smeared with feces and blindfolded for weeks on end. They said they were beaten, trussed up on the “grill,” and sexually assaulted. According to a member of the Hadramawt Elite, a Yemeni security force set up by the UAE, American forces were at times only yards away. There have long been rumors in Yemen that detainees were transported to U.S. ships off the coast for intense "interrogations": @BaFana3 - 3:42am · 6 May 2016
All on #Yemen now : US aircraft carrier, 2 naval destroyers, amphibious ready group & Marine expeditionary unit. That's near 15,000 troops
Now I know whose ships the captured AQAP militants are being ferried to from Al Mukalla, Hadhramaut. AP now: A Yemeni officer who said he was deployed for a time on a ship off the coast said he saw at least two detainees brought to the vessel for questioning. The detainees were taken below deck, where he was told American “polygraph experts” and “psychological experts” conducted interrogations.
...
Two senior Yemen officials, one in Hadi's Interior Ministry and another in the 1st Military District, based in Hadramawt province where Mukalla is located, also said Americans were conducting interrogations at sea, as did a former senior security official in Hadramawt.
...
Former detainees and one Yemen official provided the AP with the names of five suspects held at black sites who were interrogated by Americans. The UAE had been part of the CIA's "black sites" torture apparatus. Its agents are thereby well trained. The U.S. military and/or the CIA now seem to have outsourced (vid) most of the "dirty" stuff to them. That does not make them less culpable. The Obama administration has called this acting "by, with and through" allies. The Trump administration continues with the scheme. The tortured "militants" were most likely not al-Qaeda chaps. Al-Qaeda in the Arab Peninsula held the harbor city of Mukalla in Yemen. The UAE "liberated" the city in April 2016 by making a deal with AQAP and letting them go. It is allied with the group while fighting the Yemeni Houthi. If the U.S. torture crews believe that they are "interrogating" real "al-Qaeda" they are hoodwinked by the UAE operators. The U.S. military is, of course, denying all torture accusations and the CIA is, of course, not commenting, but denigrating the accusers. We have heard such denials before. ---
Yesterday an al-Saud family clown prince replaced another al-Saud family clown prince to replace the old al-Saud family king who will be offed soon. This in a country named after the al-Saud family. It is change you can believe in. The soon-to-be dictator-king Muhammad bin Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, the guy who has debt-to-GDP, is fawned over in U.S. media. That is no wonder. He has a lot of money and no idea of its value. He paid €500 million for a used ship that had cost only €300 million when it was build six years earlier. Some of his money will drop here or there when a journalist writes a pretty piece about him. If the journo is really good at it s/he will get paid off in some CIA endorsed weapon deal with the Gulf sheiks. Bin Salman is not very bright. He visited Israel and is in constant contact with Israeli officials. His development program for Saudi Arabia, based on austerity, was written by McKinsey consultants and is thereby likely to fail. With his extreme anti-Iranian stand he looks like a mere U.S.-Israeli puppet.
bigger The 26 million people he rules over will not like either. Many Arab peninsula citizens will want to see his head on a pike. The House of Saud is now a house of cards destined to fall. The rise and installation of Muhammad bin Salman as Saudi King is, in part, a project of his mentor, the Emirati clown prince Mohammed bin Zayed. Bin Zayed rules the UAE. "By, with and through" allies comes to mind. ---
The Saudi rulers sponsored, together with Qatar, the ISIS takeover of Iraq and parts of Syria. They also helped finance the Clinton campaign. The Islamic State terrorists just blew up the 845 year old al-Nuri mosque in Mosul. ISIS leader Baghdadi had declared himself Caliph in that mosque and the Iraqi military was on the verge of re-taking it. The NYT report of the mosque destruction calls the the ISIS nihilists "militants": Almost from the beginning of its rule, the Islamic State systematically destroyed or damaged one important monument or shrine after another[...] In Mosul's library, militants burned thousands of old books and manuscripts. Another NYT report recently called Bernie Sanders followers "militant": The growing tension between the party's ascendant militant wing and Democrats competing in conservative-leaning terrain, was on vivid, split-screen display over the weekend. In Chicago, Senator Bernie Sanders led ... Demanding single-payer health care is obviously comparable to the sectarian massacring of thousands or to blowing up century old places of worship. Only "militants" do such. But don't you dare to compare Saudi sponsoring of ISIS and of Hillary Clinton. Even when the Saudis are doing both. Drawing connections from the UAE/CIA torture in Yemen, the UAE mentoring of the coming Saudi king, Saudi sponsoring of the CIA endorsed Clinton campaign, the U.S./Saudi caused famine, as well as the terror of ISIS in not kosher - even when there are direct lines between all of these. Trump is, by the way, no better than Clinton in this. His endorsement of the aggressive new Saudi ruler while a U.S. jet shoots down a Syrian plane which is attacking ISIS is likely not just a coincidence. But its the progressives who are "militant". Posted by b on June 22, 2017 at 06:47 AM | Permalink Comments
Like rebellious drivers everywhere, Swiss motorists have been using the internet to stay ahead of the police. Facebook group ‘Mobile radar reports: Switzerland' has about 14,000 users. But a new law passed this week by the Swiss parliament will make it illegal to share information online about the location of speed cameras.
With 91 votes in favour and 72 against, the National Council approved the ban on speed camera warnings. The ban will come into effect in 2013 at the earliest.
According to socialist Edith Graf-Litscher, the spokeswoman for the national commission that proposed the ban, individuals will still be allowed to warn each other about cameras, but it will be illegal to make a public announcement on the subject on Facebook or Twitter.
Both the Swiss People's Party and the Radical Party rejected the ban.
“This is a totally disproportionate decision,” said Radical Party councillor Markus Hutter, pointing out that even the police erect speed camera warning signs and that GPS navigation systems often alert drivers when they are approaching cameras.
“The ban is not feasible,” Hutter told Tages Anzeiger. “How can they ban warnings on the internet?" he wondered.
Graf-Litscher said the law would even prevent people with lots of friends from posting information about the cameras on their private Facebook accounts:
"It depends on how many Facebook friends someone has,” explained Graf-Litscher to the Zurich paper. “With two it is probably ok, but not so much with 1,000 friends,” she added.
Graf-Litscher said courts will have to decide the details of how the law is applied. Newspaper Tages Anzeiger writes that “apparently, Parliament has approved a ban without knowing exactly what it implies.”
Martin Steiger, a lawyer specialised on internet issues, says that if Parliament wants to ban public warnings, “they would have to prohibit the internet everywhere” and underlines that the proposed law contains “considerable legal uncertainty.”
The administrator of the Facebook group considers the decision of Parliament “ridiculous and unfeasible.” The man, who asked Tages Anzeiger to remain anonymous, says that if his speed cameras warning page is banned, “someone will start a new group immediately.”
Booger McFarland and Mike Golic weigh in on Tennessee pulling out of the memorandum of understanding with Greg Schiano to be the next head coach. (1:44)
Greg Schiano would have earned $27.7 million in a proposed deal of six-plus years with Tennessee before the deal fell apart because of uproar from fans and on social media.
The school on Monday released a copy of the memorandum of understanding (MOU) between John Currie, who has since been replaced by Phillip Fulmer as athletic director, and Schiano.
ESPN had reported last month that the MOU was never signed by Chancellor Beverly Davenport, which was likely to lead to a battle over whether Tennessee owed Schiano any money.
The memorandum of understanding between Greg Schiano and Tennessee was signed by Schiano and then-AD John Currie, but not by Chancellor Beverly Davenport or the school's chief financial officer, David Miller. Stacy Revere/Getty Images
The MOU, which ESPN obtained through an open records request, says the terms are binding and does not say that the lack of a signature by any party makes it invalid. But a spokesperson for the school said the document also was never signed by Tennessee's chief financial officer, David Miller, which the school says makes the contract invalid.
The document was signed by Currie and e-signed by Schiano, who had been scheduled to fly to Knoxville, Tennessee, from Columbus, Ohio, the night of Nov. 26 to be introduced as coach.
But the school announced it was no longer pursuing Schiano after protests on campus and social media posts raised questions about Schiano's past as an assistant coach at Penn State.
It is still not known whether Schiano is making any kind of claim based on what was represented to him. If he believes he was in fact hired, and then fired without cause, he would be owed 75 percent of the contract, which would equal $20.7 million.
Attempts to contact Schiano's agent, Jimmy Sexton, were unsuccessful. Currie, who hasn't spoken publicly since the school replaced him with Fulmer, did not return a message seeking comment.
Currie continued the coaching search for another four days, but after being turned down by several candidates for the job, the school decided to replace him.
Tennessee hired Alabama defensive coordinator Jeremy Pruitt as its new coach on Thursday.
For English please scroll to bottom:
Tres important!!
Malheureusement nous ne pouvons pas mettre les accents pour la version francaise dans Care2
Le gouv. canadien ne veut pas proteger les animaux
Consultation sur les lignes directrices proposees pour la promotion de la protection des animaux et l'enregistrement comme organisme de bienfaisance http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/chrts-gvng/chrts/plcy/cnslttns/pwcr-fra.html?=eml20110208
Ce document presente lebauche des lignes directrices pour la promotion de la protection des animaux et l'enregistrement a titre d'organisme de bienfaisance. L'Agence du revenu du Canada desire consulter les organismes de bienfaisance, les personnes qui participent a leurs activites, ainsi que les ministeres et les agences du gouvernement et le grand public.
Nous souhaitons recevoir des commentaires afin de savoir si ces lignes directrices traitent de toutes les questions pertinentes et si elles sont faciles a comprendre, et sur tout autre aspect des lignes directrices proposees. De plus, nous vous invitons a presenter des questions qui pourraient etre utilisees pour elaborer une liste de questions et reponses afin de completer les lignes directrices. N'hesitez pas a transmettre ces renseignements aux personnes ou aux groupes qui ne visitent pas souvent notre site, mais qui pourraient avoir un interet a exprimer leurs point de vue.
Prenez note que nous ne pourrons pas repondre a des questions au cours de ce processus de consultation. Si vous cherchez des renseignements sur les organismes de bienfaisance, communiquez avec notre service a la clientele au 1-888-892-5667.
Nous etudierons tous les commentaires recus d'ici le 31 mars 2011.
Comment faire parvenir vos commentaires
Veuillez envoyer vos commentaires par ecrit a l'adresse ou au numero de telecopieur ci-dessous, ou par courriel a consultation-policy-politique@cra-arc.gc.ca.
Adresse postale
Direction des organismes de bienfaisance
Agence du revenu du Canada
Ottawa ON K1A 0L5
Information kindly provided by Zoe-It's our Nature
Urgent!! Signatures & comments needed by March 30, deadline is March 31 for delivery to Canada Revenue Agency!!!
New restrictions on animal protection charities in Canada would prevent them from speaking out against factory farming, puppy mills, hunting, the slaughter of baby seals, vivisection and cruel sports.
The new regulations, put forward by the Canada Revenue Agency, state that:
Under common law, an activity or purpose is only charitable when it provides a benefit to humans.
Therefore:
If a purpose or activity that promotes the welfare of animals harms humans, or has a real potential to cause significant harm to humans, it is likely not charitable. Some activities may promote the welfare of animals but also cause, or have the potential to cause, harm to humans. The harm could take many forms, including physical or economic harm, or direct or indirect harm.
Specifically, according to the new policy, seeking to abolish vivisection is not charitable. Nor is seeking to stop cruel practices at factory farms or, indeed, any other activities that could cause economic harm to humans.
Overall, there is very little outside of caring for animals at shelters that would still be considered charitable.
Here are some excerpts from the document that lays out these policies:
2. Under common law, an activity or purpose is only charitable when it provides a benefit to humans.
3. To be charitable, the benefit to humans must always take precedence over any benefit to animals. If a purpose or activity that promotes the welfare of animals harms humans, or has a real potential to cause significant harm to humans, it is likely not charitable.
23. Promoting the welfare of animals is only charitable when it results in a benefit to humans. Purposes that benefit animals, but not humans, are not charitable.
28. Some activities may promote the welfare of animals but also cause, or have the potential to cause, harm to humans. The harm could take many forms, including physical or economic harm, or direct or indirect harm.
29. Any benefit or potential benefit to the welfare of animals must be balanced against any harm or potential harm to humans when deciding whether an organization or activity that promotes the welfare of animals is charitable. The public benefit resulting from promoting the welfare of animals must clearly outweigh any harm or potential harm to humans.
30. For example, the courts have decided that seeking to abolish vivisection is not charitable.
31. In short, when weighing benefits to animals against benefits to humans, the life and happiness of human beings must be preferred to that of animals.
42. When advancing education, the charity cannot simply promote a particular point of view. If an organization tries to influence public opinion or actions on a controversial issue, it is not advancing education in the charitable sense.
43. For example, a charity might offer courses in how to minimize harm to local wildlife and ecosystems that tend to result from human activity. However, if the charity were to try to convince people that certain legal hunting practices were morally wrong and should be abolished, it would not be advancing education in the charitable sense.
Please sign this petition and add your voice in protest to these proposed regulations!
The proposed regulations are published on the Revenue Canada link below, and Canadians have the opportunity to comment on them until March 31st. http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/chrts-gvng/chrts/plcy/cnslttns/pwcr-eng.html
Thank you for your support!
Please note: this petition may be updated on an ongoing basis as new information becomes available. However the target and intent of the petition will remain consistent.
A staff announcement posted on the Project Spark forums stated that Microsoft and Team Dakota have decided to close down Project Spark.
Effective immediately, the game is no longer available to download on the Xbox Marketplace or Windows store. Online services for people who already purchased Project Spark will continue for the next three months. If those players want to save their favorite levels for the future, they need to download them locally. No online support means that there's no way to download user-generated content or upload a creation to share.
The post makes it clear that Project Spark team members weren't laid off, but instead relocated to other Microsoft Studios projects. Over the course of it's lifetime, Project Spark released “46 content packs, thousands of assets and 16 updates since launch”, and they're proud of that accomplishment.
Anyone who bought or redeemed the retail version of Project Spark after October 5th 2015 and before today, will receive a credit to their Microsoft account. The xbox website has a page set up dedicated to going over the specifics as to how that will work.
This news comes fresh after Lionhead Studios was shuttered, making it not entirely unexpected.
A mural of Skid Row in 2015. (Photo by Ivan Darko via the LAist Featured Photos pool on Flickr)
In April, the effort to form a Skid Row Neighborhood Council was turned down in a vote, with "no" winning by a tally of 826 to 764, according to Los Angeles Downtown News.
Now, the neighborhood council is up for consideration again, after a three-member panel recommended on Wednesday that the city investigate if campaign improprieties had affected the vote and, if so, reverse the results and install a Skid Row Neighborhood Council (SRNC), according to the L.A. Times. The recommendation also says that if the city can't come to a conclusion, there should be a new vote in 90 days.
The panel, comprised of members from other non-downtown affiliated councils, made this suggestion after fielding a number of complaints in a public forum on Wednesday. The complaints boiled down to an allegation that the Downtown L.A. Neighborhood Council (DLANC) had participated in a campaign against the formation of the SRNC, reports KPCC. As noted at L.A Downtown News, this is a violation of city bylaws.
Advocates at the forum claim that DLANC had used a "front group" called Unite DTLA to oppose the SRNC (which, if formed, would secede about 40 blocks from the DLANC). Complaints noted that Unite DTLA, in their emails urging a "no" vote, had used the DLANC logo, database and server.
“They definitely need to be disqualified. They need to be punished to the fullest extent,” Skid Row advocate General Jeff Page said to the panel, reports KPCC. “We're talking total irresponsibility and neglect.”
DLANC President Patti Berman said at the forum that her council had nothing to do with Unite L.A. “Someone seems to have attempted to emulate a valid [downtown council] email,” said Berman, according to the L.A. Times. “No one would like to find out more than me who's responsible for this." She added that she'd told the sender to stop using the DLANC logo.
The panel, however, sided with SRNC advocates, saying that DLANC made no attempt to renounce Unite LA's actions, therefore leaving the impression that DLANC had indeed opposed the formation of SRNC. The panel also recommended that, should a new vote be held, the balloting should do away with online-voting, as it would put homeless voters at a disadvantage.
The Department of Neighborhood Empowerment, which oversees the 96 neighborhood councils in L.A., will receive the panel's recommendation and is expected to make a decision in about two weeks. “We'll be looking at this very closely,” Grayce Liu, general manager at the department's office, told the Times. “It's rare for a challenge to affect a whole election.”
As for what a neighborhood council is, exactly. The councils don't have legislative power but can serve as an influential advisory board for civic matters. "In terms of outreach in a community, [neighborhood councils] do have access to that," Seamus Garrity, who formerly served as vice chair of the Silver Lake Neighborhood Council, told LAist back in April. "If you have a board that is staunchly opposed to a project, that's the outreach you'll have. And if they're not opposed to it, then that's the outreach you get. It depends on who's on the board." Advocates for the formation of SRNC say that DLANC has failed to take the homeless population into consideration. "[DLANC] has done nothing. We're seeing homelessness explode—not that it's their fault—but our streets need to be cleaned, the people need to be housed," Ann Maria McCall, an organizer who's been working to promote SRNC, told LAist.
LAist called former L.A. City Attorney Rocky Delgadillo, who'd represented Unite LA in a letter written to the Board of Neighborhood Commissioners (which certifies neighborhood councils), but he was not immediately available for comment.
Jill Soloway's “Transparent” is a truly great TV show, primarily because its characters, the Pfeffermans, are unlikeable – selfish, lying, navel-gazing cheaters – yet totally engaging in a way I haven't seen since “Six Feet Under.”
“Transparent” shines with clever dialogue, intricately layered story lines and an overarching awareness of the primacy and inexorability of truth, whether individual or epigenetic: The truth is patient and will find you, however long it takes.
Plus, “Transparent” portrays older female sexuality in laser-sharp focus. Not gonna lie, I didn't enjoy watching Judith Light get diddled in the bathtub by Jeffrey Tambor, but I appreciate the message: Old women are human beings with human needs and you, the vaguely-nauseated viewer peeking through your fingers and dying for this scene to be over, need to call yourself out on your ageism. And yes, Gaby Hoffman is strange-looking in the extreme, but it's only because she refuses to adhere to Hollywood femininity requirements such as eyebrow-shaping and teeth-whitening. There's power in that.
However! The second-to-last episode of Season 2, “Man on the Land,” is 30 minutes' worth of misogyny and lesbophobic propaganda. In case you didn't watch: Tambor's character, Maura, a late-transitioning M2T, accompanies his daughters to Idyllwild, a thinly-veiled stand-in for the Michigan Womyn's Music Festival complete with nut loaf, a Drumming Against Racism workshop, tampon crafts, and the Indigo Girls performing “Hammer and a Nail.” We, the viewers, see the women having a good time, but also, we're invited to laugh at the silly-serious retro-ness of lesbian culture. Those throwback dykes with their hairy armpits, nattering on about “safe space!”
Watching this, what I saw was a twisted, perverted parody of Fest – of any female-only space – seen through male eyes; or through colonized female ones. Like some kind of Black Mass with the liturgy recited backwards.
So then Maura goes to the crafts area, where Vicki, a jewelry seller played by Anjelica Huston asks Maura how she feels about “the policy.” Maura doesn't understand, so Anjelica explains: “The women-born-women policy.”
Maura is very hurt; very upset; and all of a sudden all the women are yelling “MAN ON THE LAND! MAN ON THE LAND!” (with a volume and intensity, by the way, I never heard at Fest) because the port-a-Jane guys are there and they want to make sure “nobody gets triggered, or too excited,” and Maura feels they're yelling at him; staring at him; in hot pursuit. Because everything, of course, is about Maura.
The women who simply ignore him do nothing to make him feel comfortable, and that's how we can tell they, too, are exclusionary bigots with no empathy. During a short scene of a few women at a campfire discussing their need for WBW space, someone mentions Maura's male privilege – a privilege he's enjoyed up until pretty much now.
“I was in way too much pain to experience what you're calling privilege,” Maura says, and shakes his head in disbelief when it's pointed out that his pain and his privilege are two different things,
Then, when someone else mentions rape, Maura's younger daughter responds, “She stopped raping a long time ago.”
The message here: Don't listen to your own voice; your own instincts, when it comes to what a male-bodied person might do in female-only space. Just listen to what he tells you. Listen to what his supporters tell you. Let him into your space. He has as much right to be in your space as you do.
Maura is now running through the woods looking for his daughters to tell them he wants to go home – he doesn't belong here, his heart is breaking – and all of a sudden the veil between the past and present tears open and we're watching Maura's mother, a Jewish girl in Weimar-era Berlin, fleeing the Nazis and losing her brother, “Gittel,” because guess why? He's trans and refuses to use a visa with his male name on it even if it means death. What a hero! What a martyr! Because, if people don't accept you exactly as you want them to, the only alternative is death, right?
The scene continues, and now we have full-on Nazi imagery – book burnings! men in identical shirts! – spliced with lesbian faces; lesbian bodies. It's a Miller analogy: Women who want female-only space are to Nazis as Maura (and by extension, all men who believe they are women) are to Jews being rounded up for torture and extermination. Maura runs through the woods to escape women who simply don't believe he is a woman, while Gittel is dragged into the woods to be murdered by men simply because he is a Jew.
The clear message: Hate is hate, you evil dykes. There is no difference between:
Wanting a week in the woods with other women; and
Attacking a group of innocent people with guns and leading them away to starvation; forced labor; the gas chamber; the grave.
It's amazing to me that women (the Indigo Girls, Ali Liebegott, Eileen Myles, Sia, Peaches) who owe their artistic success to the lesbian community and our lesbian dollars, were so eager to participate in this lesbophobic travesty. Jill Soloway, a lesbian, wrote words to mock and trivialize other lesbians who spend money and time supporting her work. Jill Soloway wrote the words, “Let's go into the forest, and menstruate on a stick,” and put them into a lesbian character's mouth to make an audience laugh.
The Indigo Girls, I sort of get. They've been singing the same songs in the same order for going on 30 years, so of course they took the opportunity to breathe life into a stagnant setlist even if it means shitting all over the same festival that gave them so much exposure. Gotta tend the earth if you want a rose, I guess.
Eileen Myles, though. Who the fuck reads Eileen Myles but us?
At the end of the episode, we see Maura leaving Idyllwild, laughing in defiance and shouting, “MAN ON THE LAND!” as she escapes what she calls “the feminist fuckhole.” Vicki the jewelry seller picks Maura up and takes her to a hotel, where they have the kind of sex that makes you cover your eyes. If not wanting to watch Anjelica Huston straddle Jeffrey Tambor in a wig is wrong, I don't want to be right.
“Transparent” is important TV. Don't watch it. Watch it hard. Watch it with everything you've got, because the message is there, and it's insistent, and if you are a dyke, it's for you. What you do with it matters greatly to us all.
<a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/joi/3261768886/">Joi</a> Say what you will about Zynga CEO Mark Pincus, but the man speaks his mind.
According to an unnamed former employee in a brutal profile at SF Weekly, Mark once set his idealist employees straight by saying:
I don't fucking want innovation. You're not smarter than your competitor. Just copy what they do and do it until you get their numbers.
That must have been in the company's early days; it has been a long time since Zynga had a competitor with numbers better than its own.
The underlying point, however, remains very true to what Zynga is about. As the former employee put it:
Zynga's motto is 'Do Evil.' I would venture to say it is one of the most evil places I've run into, from a culture perspective and in its business approach. I've tried my best to make sure that friends don't let friends work at Zynga.
See also: Zynga's Secret To Success: Steal Great Ideas!
Politico headlines their piece on Rep. Darrell Issa's probe into the sacking of the consulate in Benghazi as his “crusade,” a term which Issa might not entirely dislike. Refusing to take stonewalling as a final answer and armed with more information from key whistleblowers, Issa plans to hold a new round of hearings after four months of lower-key efforts to get answers from the State Department and the CIA about the circumstances that led to the deaths of four Americans:
Darrell Issa will resume hammering the White House on Benghazi on Thursday after four months of relative silence on the subject, as his committee interrogates two of the chief independent investigators of the attacks on the U.S. diplomatic outposts in Libya. Issa's House Oversight and Government Reform Committee will basically investigate the independent investigation by the Accountability Review Board. The ARB released a December report detailing the Obama administration's response to the attacks, calling for tighter security at many embassies but stopping short of laying blame on senior officials in the State Department. … Republicans have accused Mullen and Pickering of protecting [former Secretary of State Hillary] Clinton in their report by not citing her for any breaches of leadership. By pushing back at their report — both at the methods and the content — Republicans hope to erode one of the biggest defenses of Clinton. “The takeaway is going to be that diplomatic security continues to be a political and policy decision,” Issa told POLITICO. “The State Department, that not providing sufficient security for the ambassador and the consulate personnel was a policy decision more than a professional security decision.”
Democrats tell Politico that the testimony of Pickering and Mullen will vindicate the ARB, but that seems unlikely. Pickering himself admitted that he only interviewed lower-level State officials because he had decided beforehand where the blame should be fixed, telling Bob Schieffer in May, “We knew where the responsibility rested.” The ARB ignored Undersecretary Patrick Kennedy, who made decisions on consulate security, but who also was a key aide to the Clintons during Bill Clinton's presidency and during all of Hillary Clinton's tenure at State.
Will Issa get Hillary Clinton back to testify? The Daily Mail reports that a subpoena might be in the offing:
Republicans are mulling whether to demand former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's return to Capitol Hill to face more tough questions about her agency's failure to protect diplomats and security staff in Benghazi, Libya a year ago. An aide to a high-ranking GOP member of the House Oversight and Government Affairs committee told MailOnline that the committee's chairman, California Rep. Darrell Issa, ‘is dead serious' about raking the likely 2016 presidential candidate over the coals in the future. ‘Look, it's not like we're getting great answers from the deputies and under secretaries,' the staffer said on Wednesday. ‘So eventually you have to climb the ladder and swear Hillary in again.' ‘I'm not saying “The fish stinks from the head,” or anything like that,' the aide cautioned. ‘Just that the committee leaders on our side want answers and they're not going to let up.' Issa told the Fox News Channel on Wednesday morning that his committee won't hesitate to bring back any of the senior-level witnesses who have already testified about the September 11, 2012 terror attack on American diplomatic facilities in the eastern Libya port city. And that includes Hillary Clinton. ‘We can certainly have Mrs. Clinton back,' Issa told Fox. ‘We want to be respectful of her time, so getting to the facts – including people below her – first is critical.'
Issa sounds less inclined to issue a subpoena than to force Hillary back to the panel on her own volition. Undermining the ARB report will be a first step, and I'd expect that Issa has confidence in his ability to do that. Otherwise, he'd skip calling Pickering and Mullen and just focus on the CIA survivors, who will eventually get subpoenaed to testify. With the previous testimony from State Department whistleblowers in hand, Issa will next aim at Kennedy — and will be bolstered in that effort by an independent review that named Kennedy as a responsible party, unlike the ARB, a discrepancy that Issa will no doubt highlight.
If they build the case all the way to Kennedy, that will put a lot of public pressure on Hillary to make an appearance at the Oversight hearings, which takes the onus off of Republicans to issue a subpoena. At that point, Issa will issue a public invitation to Hillary to address the issues that have arisen from a multitude of sources about the incompetence and deceit at State during her tenure. If she refuses to appear, that's not going to look good, regardless of whether she wants to run for office later or not. It won't prevent Oversight from making a damning case about her leadership at State, either.
What about the Senate? Will they conduct their own investigation into Benghazi, where Democrats can control the probe? Ted Cruz offered an amendment with Pat Toomey yesterday to launch a joint effort with the House, but Barbara Boxer immediately objected (via Twitchy):
I am very disappointed that Senate Democrats just blocked my res w/ @SenTedCruz to get answers for the families of those killed in #Benghazi — Senator Pat Toomey (@SenToomey) September 18, 2013
OSD AP490 Outdoor Speakers
Cat really likes these... It's the little ones on top, the noprice project speakers were used as a stand.
Visuals:
They are about 9x4x5 inches, so very, very tiny.
I think these tweeters are really exceptional. 1 inch almost see through textile in a wave guide.
The woofer has reverse roll surround, so it looks very neat.
Back of woofer, note the paper back with a plastic type coating on the front.
Dude! It's got a real crossover!
Inside is a very little bit of poly fill
Grill rattled after I took it off for the photos, so it's not going back on.
Positioning
They work very well backed up about 8 inches from the back wall on a desktop. The wave guide on the tweeter keeps it out of the mess of the wall baffle and cabinet. The mid bass does not seem to get muddy unless I push all the way against the wall.
I tried running desktop without stands, the closer reflections are helpful for bass, but the effect on the top end is not worth it. As with all desktop rigs, use the highest stands that you can. Moved up to using 8 inch stands for these 9 inch tall speakers. My desk is pretty low, but these should still be up, up and away for the best sound on a desk. I would go as high as to get the space between the woofer and tweeter ear level.
You really need the wall gain for the bass to work, so speakers less than a foot from the wall and your head needs to be 3-4 feet from the wall for them to have a shot without a sub.
If it doesn't sound good, just try drinking.
Desktop Impressions:
No audible cone break up, and with room reinforcement they do an ok job down to 100Hz, with 40Hz being audible. Tweeter is very forward, but it is a wave guide, so I kind of expected that. They seem to get pretty loud, but don't go very low.
These image pretty well with a very defined center and good across the board left to right. Not a lot of stuff going on the sides or behind, as the side wall reflections are reduced and pushed behind their normal points.
Vocals are very correct and smooth, clear bass that roll off around 100Hz and dies completely below 40Hz.
I would say that these speakers have two very nice tweeters with sound bar woofers.
Without a sub this is near field with wall gain only... and that is final.
Pressed the loudness button, and they sound great with lots of clean clear bass. Bass boost could do good things for these on the desktop. The top end tweaking of the loudness button makes it ear piercingly hot.
These speakers will show bad recordings for what they are, the treble range is hyper detailed. Bad tracks sound worse than the train wreck I hear from my main rig. Be prepared to keep freaking out thinking that speakers are distorting, only to finding out that's some previously inaudible pop or click from your recording.
People are really not going to like these speakers, it's all tone related. No roll off on the top and limited reflected sound is really brutal to music. My old ears are not bothered by bright speakers, I can crank 20kHz all day and not hear a sound, but the 9kHz-20kHz usualy rolled off or digested by sheetrock is not happening and all of those details are here in full force. These remind me of a big JBL speaker, just way, way smaller. This is a speaker only an audiophile can love.
The whole package is very space age. I would call them pretty, but that might being going too far. I think different and purposeful is a better description.
Listening notes:
A Fog Lit Street by Sp33fy M@n
Got a few hours on these now, and either my ears are adapting or the bass is much improved. Great definition, not loud or forward, but very flat. Still only viable when about 2 feet away or less, but clean and passable.
Phantom Pt. II by Justice
Full volume, this is by far way too crunchy.. good god it's digesting my brain.. over detailed to the max. Not distortion, but just gritty like a cinder block grinding into your skull.. that's the sound. Backing away from the near field position helps, but once you hear these details you feel like you are missing them if they are not there, even if they are brutal.
Da Hype by Junior Jack
I bet vinyl setups will really hate the clear top end on this.. I'm getting tape hiss from mp3's.
Rio by Duran Duran
Sax is amazing.. bass guitar is perfect and does not get confused or lost.. drums sound like a live drum kit.. high hat is shrill, but detailed and defined.
Tour de france 2003(Long distance version 2) by Kraftwerk
I'm finally getting some distortion by being an asshole and cranking them at 98dB sustained. Surprisingly it sounded like it was the bottom end of the tweeter that gave a crackle and not the woofer bottoming out. May have actually just clipped the amp, but it was stupid loud.. and that's enough for now.
Who can it be now? by Men at work
These do Sax and snare so well it's retarded.
We are the Night by The Chemical brothers
Subsonic 18Hz waves makes the 4 inch woofer fap like a retard.. doesn't do much music, but I love it. The rest of this song is so piercing it's killing me... can't stop.... song too good.... ahhhhh!!!!!! Holy shit the highs!!!! My Ears are clipping!
Mr. Handagote by Tomas Dvorak
Brilliant track, but the engineered static is a bother. Bass cello parts sound great. I hate shitty bass with a passion, and will gladly take minimal but flat over a big subwoofer farting one note bass out any day.
Icarus by Trash 80
I honestly have not heard this sound better.. that's probably because I blew my ears up on that chemical brothers track, but fuck it - this is good.
Desktop Conclusions:
These by themselves on a desk -- If your desk is against a wall and your room is less than 130sqft and you only plan to listen while sitting at the desk, then yes. If you have a bigger room or have a desk away from a wall or like listening from a different position, get a good sub and throw a party at your desk. These beat other budget speakers for clarity, and that makes up for the tone that really can be brutal.
Measurements:
I only had about 3 hours to get this setup and measured, so it's all a bit rushed.
Living Room Setup
Tried it without the sub and it's not going to work. If you try it disappointment is all you will find.
Running my subs uncorrected just drivers in a box with an amp, the DEQX is only doing the crossover which is just a Linkwitz 24db, so nothing too exotic... It's just like anyone else's sub, well 2 10 inch monsters per channel, but with good placement a decent sub should be able to get close to what I'm doing here. Sub integration is easy, mainly because I have the subs positioned properly already. I could have tweaked the gain down a bit and maybe moved the crossover point around some to make improvements, but this is good enough to get the idea.
look, a couch!
Living Room Listening Impressions:
The midrange is very good and flat, the highs are way too high for my taste, but given a few tracks my mind can adjust to tone as long as it's not full of nasty sharp peaks or distortion. These are clean, and after a while it's not as much of a bother, but keep in mind these are 8-10dB above most speakers at 14kHz in the listening position.
It's a meat grinder.. insert music you like and out comes every single flaw the recording could possibly have. Even after your mind adjusts to the tone you can still hear the effects of it. Lots of hisses, clicks and pops.. none of it related to the equipment.
Midrange with the subs is very satisfying, things are working well, with a deep tone that is full and contrasts well with the over active highs.
Doing some headroom tests things got a little out of hand, pulled the highest measurements I've recorded just trying to get these to pop, and with the subs being in the system shit was definitely happening. 107dB Peak, this is seriously loud, pulled a steady 98dB on the couch that sounded clean and never got them to pop at all. These can work in large spaces, and as long as your ears can handle the highs these are great little speakers for a living room.
Speaker close up.
Final Thoughts:
How good are they, well I don't like them. Tonally they are miserable to listen to for me, but they do not have any massive problems which is a huge improvement over all of the other speakers in this price I have tested so far and tone really is a matter of taste. I will say that the midrange measured very well, better than many expensive speakers I've seen. These speakers are not the cleanest sounding I have heard, but the drivers are good enough to be considered very good.
I'm keeping these on my rig for some more listening. I'll be using a corrected response adjusting for tone, it only took 2 bands of the paramertic EQ to fix these to my liking, so that says plenty. A simple treble knob can do most of what I did here.. just turn it down and you are good to go.
As a final note these speakers need to be wired out of phase to work correctly. I noticed how strange they were sounding once I had them corrected, tested with a battery and they are actually wired from the factory out of phase.. I am assuing this has something to do with them being "outdoor" speakers so they don't want to draw attention to the speakers location with the music.. either way if you are setting these up inside of a house wire them out of phase, red to black and black to red. Also obvisously this improved the imaging results plenty.
Updated 7/2/2013: DSP correction file
Other content you may like:
Ice Cube: ‘Donald Trump Is What Americans Love'
Ice Cube doesn't hold back…
In a recent sit-down with Bloomberg, former NWA member Ice Cube spoke upon Donald Trump and why Americans ‘love' him.
“Donald Trump is what Americans love. Donald Trump is what Americans aspire to be — rich, powerful, do what you wanna do, say what you wanna say, be how you wanna be,” the rapper-actor said about Trump's appeal. “That's kind of been like the American dream. He looks like a boss to everybody, and Americans love to have a boss.”
Trump doesn't hold back, and neither does Ice Cube. “Do I think he's gonna do anything to help poor people or people that's struggling?” Cube posed. “No, because he's a rich white guy.”
Ice Cube also went on to say that Trump would find it difficult to ”relate to the small guy” because he's always been rich and wealthy, which is not the case for the average American person. That skewed perspective was also displayed by George W. Bush, suggesting that history can indeed repeat itself.
When questioned on whether Trump is a racist, Ice Cube shrugged his shoulders and slightly avoided question. Cube answers with, ”He sounded crazy to me… I can see raising the question… but once you get the answer move on.. he's a guy who just couldn't say that he was wrong.”
(Image by Eva Rinaldi, Creative Commons, Attribution-Share Alike, 2.o Generic, cc by-sa 2.0)
PORTSMOUTH -- Bernie Sanders offered his full-throated endorsement to Hillary Clinton on Tuesday, bringing the two rivals' hard-fought primary battle to a close just two weeks ahead of the Democratic National Convention.
"She will be the Democratic nominee for president," Sanders said of Clinton, as they stood side by side at Portsmouth High School, "and I intend to do everything I can to make certain she will be the next president of the United States. I have come here to make it as clear as possible as to why I am endorsing Hillary Clinton and why she must become our next president."
Bernie Sanders: Clinton will make outstanding president
Sanders praised Clinton as a "great First Lady," and a "fierce advocate" for children who would make "an outstanding president."
"I am proud to stand with her today," Sanders said.
The joint rally was weeks in the making: Clinton and Sanders met face-to-face about a month ago with their campaign managers at a hotel in Washington and since then, their campaign aides have been working tirelessly toward this event. Sanders repeatedly resisted throwing his support behind Clinton after she clinched the nomination, telling his supporters at a series of rallies in New York late last month that their "political revolution" wasn't over.
At one of the events, in Albany, the crowd booed when Sanders noted his staff was working with Clinton's. Sanders stressed the need for the Clinton campaign to come up with serious proposals.
"Never have!" yelled a man in the audience. Sanders was cautious. "Well, we will see," he said.
In an interview with CBS This Morning at the time, Sanders explained why he was withholding his endorsement: "Because I have not heard her say the things that I think needs to be said," he said.
While Sanders and Clinton have long maintained that they have more in common than not, the two Democrats disagreed on many critical issues to their party, including how to make college more affordable, how high to raise the minimum wage and how to provide healthcare to the most Americans. But in recent days, under Sanders' influence, Clinton has tweaked her proposals on education and healthcare and an amended draft of the party platform included many of his policy priorities, including a $15 an hour federal minimum wage.
What Bernie Sanders' endorsement means for Hillary Clinton
Those victories led to Sanders' endorsement and, in his remarks in Portsmouth, Sanders praised Clinton's agenda at length.
"There was a significant coming together between the two campaigns and we produced," he said, pausing for applause, "we produced by far, the most progressive platform in the history of the Democratic Party."
It remains to be seen whether or not Sanders and Clinton's shared platform will be enough to win over some of Sanders' most die-hard supporters, the so-called "Bernie or Bust" voters. Of the 2,000 people gathered inside the high school's gym here, many wore t-shirts or carried signs bearing Sanders' name. One Sanders voter, seated in the stands, held a homemade, cloth sign that read, simply, "nope." A number of his fans could be seen leaving as Clinton took the stage.
Clinton, in her remarks after Sanders' speech, thanked his most steadfast supporters and asked them, directly, to join her campaign.
"Let's open the doors to everyone who shares our progressive values," she said. "I'm asking you to stand with us and then I'm asking you to keep working in the weeks, months and, yes, years ahead. You will always have a seat at the table when I am in the White House."
And, in a nod to Sanders' grassroots base, joked: "We accept $27 donations too, you know?"
Still, there is one thing that is certain: Sanders will do whatever it takes to defeat Donald Trump.
"While Donald Trump is busy insulting Mexicans, Muslims and women and African Americans and our veterans, Hillary Clinton understands that our diversity is one of our greatest strengths," he said.
"Yes, we become stronger when black and white, Latino, Asian American and Native American, all of us, stand together. Yes, we become stronger when men and women, young and old, gay and straight, native born and immigrant fight to rid this country of all forms of bigotry."
As design icons go, it's hard to beat a Sputnik: for its combination of sphere and line, its double otherworldliness (to westerners), being both cosmic and Soviet, its mixed message of global unity and intercontinental, potentially nuclear, rivalry. It caught a moment, summarised the space age and encouraged a style of spindliness and volume that shaped motels and table lamps.
Like the best icons, it wasn't designed for effect but for the fearsome expediencies of the race between the USSR and the US to put the first manmade object into orbit, and for the changed physical rules of the previously unknown world outside the Earth's atmosphere. At the same time it was part of a movement already decades old at the time that the first Sputnik was launched in 1957, which combined fantasy and image with function and science. In the Science Museum's Cosmonauts exhibition, which covers Russia's fascination with space from late tsarist times to the present, it is possible to see the country's extraterrestrial exploration as a vast art project.
Exhibits include early abstract paintings representing new cosmic orders and Konstantin Yuon's New Planet, a 1921 painting intended for the drop curtain of the Bolshoi theatre, where the October revolution is shown as a previously unknown world, floating amid strange spheres and bursts of radiant light. There is also the 1928 Labour Commune by an architecture student called Georgy Krutikov, a series of circular space stations that formed part of his atomic-powered Flying City project. Space was seen as a place where the revolutionary project of a perfect society could reach fulfilment.
A key figure is Konstantin Tsiolkovsky, a bearded provincial schoolteacher, almost completely deaf, who wielded a vast ear trumpet of his own design and manufacture and who from the late 1870s until his death in 1935 studied questions of weightlessness and space travel, and tried to communicate them through science fiction. The exhibition shows his notes and sketches for a 1930s film called Cosmic Voyage, on which he was a consultant. Their style has a schoolboy naivety, but they show insights into the ways and means of reaching space, including escape velocity, fuel, and the use of multi-stage rockets remarkably close to those that would eventually be employed.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Cosmic Voyage, 1935
Tsiolkovsky and others followed the frankly bonkers philosophy of Cosmism, which proposed immortality and resurrection through science. Yet his ideas of space travel became reality through the efforts of another hero of the exhibition, Sergei Korolev, who despite spending some years in the Gulag drove forward the Soviet programme that put the first object, animal, man and woman into space. At which point exploration became a tool of geopolitical propaganda, giving rise to monuments and celebratory posters.
The most remarkable pieces in this gripping show are the technical equipment, the capsules, landers and probes, not to mention the pressurised trousers, space suits and control tables, that have the profound strangeness that comes from addressing huge and unusual technical challenges. Some of them baked by the heat of re-entry, they can look strikingly primitive as well as technologically wondrous. Their weirdness is beyond anything that the wildest dreamers could have conceived. At the same time the art and design that inspired the space programme and was inspired by it, from 1920s abstraction to Sputnik-shaped souvenir samovars, shows how science is anything but pure, but is embedded in the societies from which it comes.
One thing beyond the Cosmists' fertile imagination would have been that, in the 21st century, considerable care would have been taken to restore a wrecked relic of the 19th to regular use, while retaining its character of wrecked-ness. This is what has happened to Wilton's Music Hall in east London, a rare survivor that flourished in its original use for little more than 20 years, was taken over by Methodists and, since it was listed in 1971, has undertaken a slow journey to a renovation. Performances started there again in the 1990s, but it is only under the leadership of its current director, Frances Mayhew, that it has reached a position where it can deliver a regular programme into a relatively secure future. In 2004 Mayhew rescued it from possible abandonment or, worse, a takeover by Wetherspoons, and has been championing it ever since.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The carefully restored Wilton's Music Hall, which has retained ‘its character of wrecked-ness'. Photograph: Helene Binet
The complex consists of a row of houses that once contained a pub, which was acquired by the eponymous John Wilton, who than added a purpose-built auditorium at the back where, rather than face the stage in solemn rows, customers could eat and drink and be entertained by performers as much or as little as they desired. The auditorium reopened in 2013; the remaking of the former houses, to include a rambling array of rooms, bars, offices, rehearsal space, and some of open-ended purposes is now complete. It is not precisely going back to those days, but it is reviving a spirit of looseness, in which several ways of using the theatre are possible, and in which the common spaces of the old houses can be inhabited and activated, also in multiple ways. Performance is not confined to a designated zone, but can happen almost anywhere.
The appeal of Wilton's, ever since Fiona Shaw and Deborah Warner put on TS Eliot's The Waste Land there in 1997, has been its fragility, the feeling that it might not be there tomorrow, which at the time was almost true. With the latest work, the architect Tim Ronalds has had to spend £4m on ensuring its actual permanence, without losing this vital quality. Crude brickwork, not originally intended to be seen, is therefore left unplastered, as are Victorian lash-ups of reused railway track and cement. There are spaces that seem to have escaped from a Gustave Doré engraving, others that look almost medieval. The auditorium is coated in worn layers of paint, mysterious and apparently venerable, but actually the residue of 1990s performance and film shoots such as Richard Attenborough's Chaplin.
This ruinenlust would have been beyond the comprehension of John Wilton, for whom the object was to create a palatial, chandelier-lit escape from the grotty reality of its surroundings. The current Wilton's is different, but it still draws on the aspirations of the original, expressed in its slender barley-sugar columns and ornamental bas-reliefs on the bar. Its magic now comes from the dreaming and the crumbling together: a replication of the original decor would only have been kitsch. It is a construction of multiple layers of fiction, accrued over time. Which, really, is a good thing to have in a theatre.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
A Hart Research Associates Poll released on March 2, finds that by a solid 63-29 majority, American voters want to keep Obamacare intact. The national survey of 800 registered voters, conducted on behalf of the Service Employees International Union (SEIU), found that 63 percent of respondents would disapprove, if the Supreme Court restricted the availability of tax credits under the Affordable Care Act (ACA), with 44 percent strongly disapproving.
By contrast, just 29 percent of American voters would approve of the Supreme Court siding with the plaintiffs in King v. Burwell. A ruling in favor of the plaintiffs could eliminate the health care subsidies in 34 states. Only 15 percent strongly favored the Court pulling the federal subsidies and depriving millions of Americans of coverage under the ACA.
According to the poll, even 56 percent of Republican voters want to keep the subsidies in place. 74 percent of Democrats and 57 percent of Independents support upholding the subsidies.
Oral arguments in King v. Burwell began on Wednesday. The Hart Research Associates poll highlights the peril Republicans face if the partisan court majority, rules in favor of gutting the Affordable Care Act. A majority of Americans believe that if the conservatives justices overturn key provisions of the ACA, that decision will be based more on politics than on their interpretation of the law. A partisan decision by the conservative justices could create a backlash that spills into electoral politics in 2016.
The American public has expressed a great deal of ambivalence towards the ACA, especially if Obama's name is attached to it. However, the polling is very clear, that Americans support the healthcare subsidies made possible by the ACA, and that they strongly oppose the Supreme Court removing those subsidies. The Supreme Court does not have to answer to public opinion for the next election cycle, but Republican candidates do. Those candidates could suffer the consequences if the court decides to cripple Obamacare, with what appears to be a blatantly partisan ruling.
Furthermore, the Roberts Court will have an opportunity to define its legacy in King v. Burwell. If the court upholds the ACA, that decision will, at least partially, preserve the Supreme Court's image as a mostly impartial arbiter of constitutionality. However, if the Roberts Court decides instead to throw millions of Americans off of their health insurance, they will be remembered in the same breath as the justices that presided over the Plessy v. Ferguson and Dred Scott cases.
Not only would the ruling antagonize the many Americans who would lose their health care coverage, but it would also create a backlash against the GOP at the polls. In addition, the Roberts Court would forever be remembered as the court that robbed Americans of affordable health care, and the five justices who ruled against the healthcare subsidies, would die in infamy.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
My husband of two months has always treated me very well, and is usually thoughtful. But, one week before our wedding, he broke a promise. I hate the whole stripper thing, so he agreed to a coed party at a dueling piano bar. There was a strip club next door, but he promised he wouldn't go in. All was well until I learned that he and his brother (who's nothing but trouble) were at the strip club. I went over and went crazy and tossed an ashtray at his head. I was kicked out, they followed, and his brother yelled at me. I wanted to call off the wedding, but we still got married. Since then, I keep bringing this up and he keeps begging for forgiveness, saying he'd never been so drunk, and he didn't know what he was doing. I just can't understand how he could hurt me this way.
--Still So Angry Inside
If your husband tossed an ashtray at your head, do you think he'd be describing himself as “Still So Angry Inside” or “Still In Court Trying To Get The Charges Reduced”?
It doesn't take much for domestic violence against men to be taken seriously…usually, just a chalk outline where a man's body used to be. The rest of the time, people tend to shrug it off or even find it cute: “Well, well, well, she's quite the firecracker!” Granted, male abusers can do much more damage with their fists, but put a heavy object in a woman's hands, and good morning brain damage! (Just wondering…has your husband gotten the ashtray out of his skull, or does he have to hang around smoking areas with his head bent down so people have someplace to flick their ash?)
But, he broke his promise! Bummer. Human nature happens. If your husband's a cad, why marry him at all (couldn't get the catering deposit back)? If he's a good guy who got drunk and slipped (maybe after his bro gave him a little push), why make him sorry he married you? Sure, if he keeps slipping, say, by tucking your monthly mortgage payment into some stripper's g-string, that's one thing. But, come on…two-plus months later, are you really reacting to what happened -- or just acting out as a means of controlling him? Consider what you're doing to him and to your marriage by showing him that nothing he says or does makes the slightest bit of difference. As a friend of mine likes to say, “Your proctologist called. They found your head.”
You can stay married to your grudge or your husband, pick one. Frankly, you each have a lot of work to do in therapyland, individually and together. You have to deal with your uncontrollable anger and the underlying issues -- probably insecurity and fear of being ditched -- and get in the habit of expressing your fears instead of weaponizing them. Your husband needs to start standing up for himself -- for starters, by doing a Senator Craig and withdrawing his guilty plea. The correct response? The one your girlfriends would be pushing on you if the tables were turned: “There's no excuse for domestic abuse!” (Physical or emotional.) Finally, the two of you should attend one of Dr. John Gottman's research-based marriage weekends (gottman.com) and learn to have a partnership instead of a monarchy. Marital harmony can be yours, just not by getting your husband to “agree” to like what you like: stag parties featuring your fat, fully clothed co-workers burying their heads in plates of cake instead of some hot young thing leaping naked out of one.
*
Were tens of thousands of protestors across the country paid to walk the streets, hold signs, and chant anti-Trump sayings? Many on social media said the protests were staged and fake.
Thursday night was day two of protesters taking to the streets in Downtown Austin to protest President-Elect Donald Trump. Something causing quite the controversy, it is going around on social media these protests are fake and these people are paid.
Some pictures of charter buses were Tweeted just before nine Wednesday night by someone in Austin with the caption “Anti-Trump protestors in Austin today are not as organic as they seem. Here are the busses they came in. #fakeprotests #trump2016 #Austin.” As of Thursday night, it had been retweeted more than 11,000 times. The Twitter user goes on to say “I did not see loading or unloading. There were even more busses than in pics. Quite near protests at right timing. Looks very planned. Every group Trump has possibly offended seemed too perfectly represented. The busses just blocks away,” when responding to questions of its legitimacy.
The charter buses were lined up along 5th Street near Waller in Downtown, the closest point to the rally would've been Congress Avenue which is about a mile away. The protest started on the West Mall on the UT campus about 3 miles away. Down the street about 1/2 mile is Austin Convention Center. Local businesses in the area said they've seen charter buses at the location prior to the election. Carol Scott-Duke, works in area, “We are definitely used to events happening around here with buses due to the convention center right over here and there's event centers over here,” she said. One of those events happening at the time of the charter bus Twitter post at the convention center is the Tableau Convention. Kate Lyons is from Portland, Oregon and was one attending the convention. “It's growing every year, five years ago it started with 250 people, now it was 13,000 attendees in person.” She said they have been using charter buses for the event. “They sold out all the hotels downtown and they ended having to send people to hotels that were outside the radius of the conference and sent buses out to ship people around for that. We saw them from day one which was Monday,” she said.
Read more
Arthur Gerald Jones, a father of three, went missing in May 1979 after losing his job as a commodities broker and struggling to pay gambling losses, including $30,000 from a single basketball match.
Mr Jones, then 40, “was not himself” in the weeks before his disappearance, his wife Joanne told local reporters at the time, and was particularly “jittery” after a friend and former colleague was murdered.
The FBI later disclosed they had investigated Mr Jones for possible links to organised crime in Chicago. His wife said she thought he may have carried out errands for local mobsters.
In 1986 he was declared dead, and his wife and children collected about $47,000 in benefits. It is claimed that they never heard from him again.
But Mr Jones, 72, was found last week in a Nevada bookmakers, where he is said to have worked for a decade. He was arrested and has been charged with crimes including fraud, burglary and indentity theft.
His current girlfriend, Patricia Baal, told the Las Vegas Review-Journal: “We've been together 22 years, and he's been very loving and respectful to me and my family. And I love him. And everything's fine.”
State prosecutors said in an affidavit that Mr Jones had admitted that he “left in 1979 without telling anyone and has to date made no contact with anyone from his past”.
He allegedly told investigators he bought a fake identity for $800 under the name Joseph Richard Sandelli. He moved to Florida, where he was arrested three times under the name “Richard Lage”.
He is then said to have moved to California, being arrested several more times, before settling in Las Vegas in 1988. He was arrested once again in 1992 under the name of Sandelli, the affidavit states.
Mr Jones was discovered after a complaint about his potentially fraudulent use of a Social Security number was investigated by the Nevada Department of Motor Vehicles.
His lawyer, Stephen Stein, has said he has been released on $20,000 bail. He is due to appear in court on August 23. Mr Jones's wife Joanne Esplin, who has since remarried, could not be reached for comment.
Church Steps on Fire VoxPluma Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 22, 2015 Montreal Dancers Reclaim Public Space in Outremont
If you're anything like me, your nightly walk to the Depanneur is not so easily interrupted. But trust the streets of Montreal to shake you from a sleepy stumble when you least expect it. When my hot latino friends told me about a group of church dancers organizing the latest mile end artsy gig, I thought it might be the latest stylish attempt to convert me to christianity. But what I uncovered was something that redefined my mental picture of ‘church performance'. And it wasn't exactly religious. When I strolled by the St Viateur d'Outremont church my attention was immediately grabbed by two dancers, leaping and crawling across the church steps — white capes billowing behind them in the wind.
They danced from the sunset into darkness. A darkness that was illuminated by coloured lights casting spooky shadows on the building's stone walls — the overall effect highlighting the church facade in a way that makes you stop and think twice.
And first you might think, what the heck are they doing? Did they drink too many bottles of the $8 Dep wine? Is it just another drunk dance escapade of aspiring artists, after they were kicked out of the closest bar? But as I kept watching, I realized that it was more than that. Their movements carried meaning. So I talked to the choreographer Lea Tremblay-Fong to find out more.
CLOSE Nashville's growing prosperity cannot continue without a reliable, frequent, bigger transit system, but that could also accelerate displacement and it will not stop traffic congestion. David Plazas / The Tennessean
Buy Photo Traffic congestion along Old Hickory Boulevard near Interstate 65 on Tuesday, Sept. 6, 2016, in Brentwood (Photo: Mark Zaleski / For The Tennessean)Buy Photo
The $5.2 billion transit plan Mayor Megan Barry unveiled Tuesday comes after years of discussions surrounding traffic congestion in Nashville and in Middle Tennessee.
Here's what you need to know about the proposed "Let's Move Nashville" transportation plan.
► More: Mayor Barry unveils sweeping $5.2 billion transit proposal for Nashville
What is the 'Let's Move Nashville' plan?
The plan calls for 26 miles of light rail, rapid bus routes and an increase in service and frequency for the city's bus network. A downtown tunnel, transit centers and sidewalks are also included.
How will the transportation system get funded?
A sales tax would the largest contributor. If the transit initiative passes, the sales tax will increase from 9.25 percent to 9.75 percent next year and to 10.25 percent in 2023.
A surcharge would also be added to the local hotel tax, rental car tax, and business and excise tax. The city would issue bonds as needed totaling about $2.5 billion and fare revenue would help cover operational costs.
► More: How the $5.2 billion proposed transit system would be funded
When will the vote take place?
The ballot referendum is scheduled for May 1, 2018. Voters will decide on whether to fund the $5.2 billion plan through a series of tax increases.
What happens between now and May?
Accountants will review the financing plan and the mayor's office will solicit feedback and meet with community groups. In December, the Metro Council will need to create a ballot item. The Metro Council will consider a proposed ordinance in January with a third reading planned in February, according to Metro officials.
What happens if it doesn't pass?
Status quo, officials say.
How long will it take for the entire transit system to be built?
The project is scheduled to be completed in 2032.
How will bus service be improved?
The bus fleet will convert to electric buses, which are cheaper to operate and quieter, officials say. By early 2019, peak bus service will be increased to at least every 15 minutes on 10 of the city's busiest routes. Service hours will expand to 5:15 a.m. to 1:15 a.m., Monday through Saturday.
What is a neighborhood transit center?
Transit centers will be located along rapid bus transit and light rail lines and will vary based on community needs. A center could include some parking areas, bike stations or serve as a pickup and drop-off area for ridesharing companies and taxis.
What will a tunnel entail?
The nearly $1 billion tunnel would run north and south, with a north incline beginning north of Charlotte Avenue and an underground Music City Central station. A second underground station would be built at Broadway and Fifth Avenue. A surface-level station would be built at Lafayette Street. Electric buses and light rail trains would run through the tunnel.
► More: Downtown Nashville tunnels to be part of Mayor Barry's transit plan
Why is a downtown tunnel necessary and what about the limestone?
Nashville's downtown streets are close to 50 feet wide and buildings are often built up to the property line. With delivery trucks, existing congestion and pedestrian traffic, above-ground light rail options are limited, officials said.
Drilling technology can cut through limestone, as evidenced by the city's District Energy Systems steam pipe network that heats and cools more than 40 downtown buildings.
How will residents who can't afford transit fare pay for services?
Residents living at or below the federal poverty line will not have to pay fares. Reduced or free fares will also be available to those with disabilities, seniors and those younger than 18.
► More: Activists warn of Barry's transit push becoming 'gentrification train'
What about rising housing costs near transit corridors?
The mayor plans to create an affordability and transit task force to focus on affordable housing and supporting small businesses and will assess how to invest transit revenues into affordable housing, Metro officials said.
With autonomous vehicles on the horizon and a 14-year construction timeline, is a transit system needed?
Autonomous vehicles could be a component of the first- and last-mile transit needs. Even with autonomous vehicles on the road, congestion will still be a problem, Metro officials said.
How can I learn more?
The Mayor's Office, Metro Public Works and Metropolitan Transit Authority will host open houses throughout Davidson County:
Downtown Corridor: Thursday, Oct. 26, 201, 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. at Nashville Farmers' Market Food Court Area
Thursday, Oct. 26, 201, 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. at Nashville Farmers' Market Food Court Area Northwest Corridor: Thursday, Nov. 2, 6 to 8 p.m. at Tennessee State University, Elliott Hall
Thursday, Nov. 2, 6 to 8 p.m. at Tennessee State University, Elliott Hall Charlotte Avenue Corridor: Thursday, Nov. 9, 6 to 8 p.m. at Lentz Public Health Center, Centennial Rooms
Thursday, Nov. 9, 6 to 8 p.m. at Lentz Public Health Center, Centennial Rooms Murfreesboro Road Corridor: Tuesday, Nov. 14, 6 to 8 p.m. at Trevecca's Tarter Student Activity Center
Tuesday, Nov. 14, 6 to 8 p.m. at Trevecca's Tarter Student Activity Center Nolensville Road Corridor: Saturday, Nov. 18 12 to 2 p.m. at Coleman Park Gym
Saturday, Nov. 18 12 to 2 p.m. at Coleman Park Gym Gallatin Road Corridor: Monday, Nov. 20 at 6 to 8 p.m. at East Nashville Magnet High
Reach Jamie McGee at 615-259-8071 and on Twitter at @JamieMcGee_.
Read or Share this story: https://www.tennessean.com/story/news/2017/10/17/nashvilles-5-2-billion-transit-proposal-what-you-need-know/770590001/
Guests attend the Forum on Overseas Translation and Communication of Famous Works of Contemporary Chinese Literature on Wednesday in Beijing. Photo: Zhang Yuchen/GT
A forum on translation and introduction of contemporary Chinese literature overseas kicked off on Wednesday in Beijing. The forum also marked the official launch of China's first guide dedicated to introducing contemporary Chinese literature to readers both at home and abroad.
The Forum on Overseas Translation and Communication of Famous Works of Contemporary Chinese Literature was organized by Chinese Culture Translation and Studies Support (CCTSS), an online platform dedicated to promoting Chinese literature and culture overseas.
Work on the Guide to Famous Works of Contemporary Chinese Literature first began in June 2016.
Efforts first began with a selection process, during which time CCTSS worked with 29 chief editors at several Chinese literary magazines, as well as 40 literary critics from well-known universities, to select 192 novels from among 651 nominees that they felt worth introducing to foreign readers.
CCTSS also brought in 20 critics and editors to oversee the guide as well as hired 20 translators to translate the selected works into English.
According to the announcement at the forum, the first volume of the magazine will contain introductions to some 40 works including Zhou Daxin's The Light of Lake and the Color of the Mountain and Lu Min's Song of Farewell.
"Since the beginning of this century, Chinese literature has played a passive role in the international literary world. We focused too much attention on increasing domestic influence but neglected the spread of Chinese literature overseas. This has caused many foreign readers to have a mistaken impression of China, since they had few works to read through which they could get to know the country," CCTSS Director Huang Zhuoyue said at the opening of the forum.
"In recent years, we have emphasized overseas projects to tackle this issue, thus this magazine guide was born," he noted.
Each introduction in the guide consists of three parts - author profile, synopsis and review - to help readers and publishers quickly understand the value and impact of each work.
Xu Baofeng, CCTSS executive director, told the Global Times that they will publish both a Chinese and an English version of the guide. The Chinese version will be published in China. As for the English version, Xu revealed that they are working with Amazon to publish the print version of the guide and cooperating with e-book platform Overdrive to bring the publication to libraries around the world.
According to Bai Ye, president of the China Modern Literature Association, China currently has nearly 2 million titles in circulation.
"Among them, there are many that are worth introducing abroad. Now we have just taken our first step in doing so," he said.
Bai also mentioned the rise in popularity of online literature and its impact overseas, pointing out that good online literature works should also be included in the guide.
Xu agreed with Bai's opinion.
"Online literature has grown into a force you can't ignore, even though many people won't admit that it is literature. However the discussion about online writers and their impact overseas is inevitable when we talk about modern Chinese literature" Xu said, pointing out that Chinese online literature works have been selected for the second volume of the guide.
Hey all! I took a few days off the project to settle in after my move, but I still wanted to show you my current progress on Skills and Trading. Make sure to read to the end to answer a gameplay question!
Skills
I've been keeping track of every personal skills and their respective owners in a spreadsheet for a while and wanted to add a few in the engine, so I added 9 of them in the current build. Here are the new skills and what they do.
Note that every value can (most probably will) be altered during testing, but the core functionality will remain the same.
Stealth : If this unit has less than 50% HP left, enemies will target this unit last.
This Skill was tested in multiple scenarios where the unit who has this skill, the early game pickpocket, would have died, but ended up surviving because of it. With enough planning, this could potentially allow for a frail pickpocket to venture further into the battlefield to loot without being surrounded and killed. Note that this does not protect from OHKO, so you still have to be careful with your placement.
Taunt : If this unit has more than 50% HP left, enemies will target this unit first.
Like Stealth, this Skill was tested in scenarios where healers and archers would have been in serious danger, but survived because of it. The HP limit is there to prevent attracting too many enemies. Note that this doesn't become Stealth when under 50% HP, the bonus modifier to the enemy priority AI is removed, so you still have to be mindful of your surroundings.
Mentor : Grants 50% more experience to allies within 3 tiles (excluding himself).
This is Malcolm, the Mercenary's Skill, who is a Jagen-like character. This Aura Skill allows him to remain useful throughout the game and help to level up units with lower join levels. This bonus is taken into account for any experience gain (but not Weapon Experience), so Battling, Unlocking, Refreshing and Healing will all be affecting by this bonus.
Frenzy : Grants 20% hit rate when critical chance is over 50%.
This skill will likely only be triggered from melee range with a critical boosting weapon and either a class specific critical bonus or a support critical bonus making this unit an extreme glass cannon unit. Note that Critical Axe is just a placeholder.
Wrath : Grants 50% bonus critical chance when this unit has less than 50% HP left.
I had to rework the entire battle formula to allow for skills like this to work mid-battle, but I'm glad I did. This really makes it so you have to be very careful against enemies with this skill by using archers and ranged weapons before going in for the kill.
Confidence : Grants 15% bonus critical chance when hit rate is 100%.
This skill will be given to low Strength, high Skill units to boost their damage output. It also makes Critical based promotion choices for these characters very interesting. On enemies, it forces the player to use the Weapon Triangle Advantage to prevent this Skill from activating.
Optimism : Grants 25% bonus critical chance when hit rate is under 75%.
This is meant to be a high risk, high reward skill for less accurate axe users. This skill makes Neutral WTA scenarios worth it.
Quick Feet : Grants +1 movement.
Self explanatory, but it allows Gwen to become a more mobile General, or a foot unit with the same movement as a cavalry unit. This skill also works if she promotes to Knifht>Defender and gains a horse.
Cowardly : Grants +5 damage dealt when this unit's HP is full. However, grants -5 damage dealt when this unit's HP is under 50%.
After playing through a few different scenarios, I can see this skill being both a blessing and a curse, which is the entire role of a coward in an army, so it fits perfectly. I'll leave it up to players to come up with creative ways to make this work!
Trading
Trading is now a WIP!
I've been thinking about trading in FE and how units auto-equip the highest weapon in their inventory that they can wield, which can both be good or bad.
That said, I have three scenarios to suggest. Could you help me decide which one would be the best in your opinion?
Don't auto equip weapons on trade. So if you trade away your target's equipped weapon, they will be unequipped unless they can still act themselves this turn. Note that if you trade your own equipped weapon, you'll be able to equip it in the Items menu. Auto equip both unit's highest weapon in their inventories. Only auto equip a weapon if it's at the top slot in the inventory, so if you want to leave a unit unequipped, you can do it too.
Thanks a lot for your feedback. You can leave it either on Reddit or Facebook.
Character Teaser
Margo is being reworked right now, so I'll showcase Linus, the Fighter, instead! I hope you like him!
Thanks for reading this update,
Coco
scare_crow said: Honestly, and this is just between me and you and no one else on the entire internet, I kind of wish I could get unbelievably excited about this kind of stuff still. I used to, but it got carved out over time it seems. I still think absolutely freaking out is a little silly (and I stand by thinking posting "Oh gosh you responded!" is weird). Click to expand...
I sometimes think I'm over being hyped, and then something comes that reminds me it's not that I've changed, it's just that it's been so long since something exciting happened for me within the gaming world.When I was a kid, the hype for MGS2 was like nothing else. A few years ago, the idea of being that pumped for a game seemed like an impossibility, then the Project Beast webms happened and I pooped my pants like I was twelve again, and that was a really exciting experience.I don't believe you out grow hype.
As automakers, countries and even regions vie for the pole position in the race to develop autonomous vehicles, metropolitan Detroit and the surrounding Southeast Michigan vicinity want to become the dominant area for self-driving car testing. And the region just got a step closer with an additional $17 million in funding from the state of Michigan to turn the shuttered General Motors Willow Run powertrain plant that closed in 2010 into an autonomous car research facility called the American Center for Mobility in Ypsilanti.
With $2.9 million committed to the project last March, the new funds bring the total investment by the Michigan Strategic Fund (MSF) to $20 million. The money will be used to purchase land at the site and to begin designing and constructing the facility.
The land is currently owned by RACER Trust, an entity set up in 2009 during GM's bankruptcy to sell vacant property. An entity called the Willow Run Arsenal of Democracy (after the nickname for the plant when it produced B-24 bombers during WWII) will purchase the land from RACER Trust, according to The Detroit News.
The development of the American Center for Mobility would add to the Detroit area self-driving car testing footprint already established by the University of Michigan's MCity. Opened a year ago, MCity features realistic streets and traffic infrastructure such as red lights and stop signs and even faux storefronts.
U-M said that the 335-acre American Center for Mobility will complement the smaller 18-acre MCity site “by offering an opportunity for larger-scale research, development, testing and validation due to both the size of the facility and more diverse infrastructure.” U-M will also coordinate the design and operation of the two facilities.
“We're getting a lot of attention around the nation and really around the world and that's really because the state of Michigan is investing in this,” said John Maddox, president and CEO of the American Center for Mobility. “Ultimately it's in the best interest of the state to preserve the future of our automotive industry,” added Steve Arwood, president and CEO of the Michigan Economic Development Corp. and chairman of the Strategic Fund board.
But the $20 million in new funding only gets the American Center for Mobility a quarter of the way toward its goal. The nonprofit organization that's also backed by University of Michigan, the Michigan Department of Transportation, Business Leaders for Michigan and Ann Arbor SPARK, needs an additional $60 million to fully fund the construction of city streets, suburban cul-de-sacs, bridges, tunnels and other traffic infrastructure.
Michigan Senators Gary Peters and Debbie Stabenow along with U.S. Representative Debbie Dingell have pushed for funding for the American Center for Mobility, and for Southeast Michigan to lead to the way in developing and testing autonomous vehicles. “We know we need a national testing and validation site,” Peters told the New York Times last week. “We need one in place where all the auto companies can come together,” he added.
Mike Bellkey fits the heads into a barrel and pounds on steel rings to keep them in place at Black Swan Barrels in Park Rapids on July 28.
The Black Swan Barrel company in Park Rapids is not a quiet place.
Industrial wood planers shape white oak into staves. Workers bind them with steel rings, submerge them in hot water, then sear the inside with fire.
According to business owner Heidi Karasch, it's especially loud right now. Her workers are rushing just to meet the rapidly growing demand for whiskey barrels.
"We're over 10 months behind right now," she said. "So if you wanted to place an order today, you'd have to wait."
Dan Lehmkuhler toasts the inside of each barrel, building a small fire inside it, then stoking the blaze with compressed air at Black Swan Barrels in Park Rapids. John Enger | MPR News
As many as 40 barrels leave the shop every day, and Karasch's 15 employees, known as coopers in the industry, are always trying to improve that number. But it wasn't always so busy. When Karasch first started the business in 2009, it was something of a gamble.
Barrel making as an industry has had some hard times. Black Swan is one of only a few dozen producers left in the whole country. There used to be dozens just in Minneapolis. They were as common as mechanics, or concrete layers. These days, the whole state has just two.
But as a student at Ridgewater College in Willmar, Minn., back in 2007, Karasch noticed a steep rise in hipsters growing large beards and buying craft beer. Small artisan breweries were popping up all over the place.
She figured, the craft distilling industry wouldn't be far behind, and they'd need barrels.
Heidi Karasch and her father, Russ Karasch, run Black Swan Barrels in Park Rapids, Minn. John Enger | MPR News
"The craft distilling industry was still very young at that point," she said. "But we knew there was something coming and something good."
Her father, Russ Karasch used to make barrels for a cooperage in the metro area before it went out of business. He knew the trade and had some machinery. So when Karasch graduated, she went back home, rented a small building and got to work.
She was right about the craft distilleries. There were just a handful in the state when she started Black Swan. Now there are at least 14. Across the country, Russ said the industry is growing even faster.
He said the number of small distilleries has quadrupled in the last year. The drinking populations of China and India are also developing a taste for American whiskey. Major producers like Jack Daniel's and Maker's Mark are shipping thousands of barrels overseas.
Barrels are soaked in hot water to make the oak more flexible before hydraulic presses force them into shape at Black Swan Barrels in Park Rapids. John Enger | MPR News
Demand is rising, but he said there aren't many new barrel makers starting up. That's because a whiskey barrel is really hard to get right.
"I know of a few cabinetmakers that tried to move into barrels," he said. "They couldn't make it."
A barrel has to hold liquid for many years without using any glue, or gaskets. And it has to taste good.
At the center of the workshop is the toasting room. It's dark and smoky and incredibly warm. Karasch said, that's where the most important work is done by one of her best coopers — Dan Lehmkuhler.
Lehmkuhler explained the process while stoking a dozen small fires inside as many new barrels. He said it's the toasting of the barrel that gives a whiskey its flavor. It's his job to keep them over the flame just long enough to bring out the oak's natural sweetness.
"I like a sort of brown sugar smell," he said. "You know, almost like a cake that just came out of the oven. That's what I'm looking for."
Two whiskey barrels are finished and ready to ship from Black Swan Barrels in Park Rapids. Black Swan builds as many as 40 barrels a day. John Enger | MPR News
A few seconds can mean the difference between bitter and smooth whiskey.
It's a hard job, but between the exports and craft movement, Karasch said it's a good time to be a cooper.
Correction (Aug. 23, 2016): A photo caption in an earlier version of this story misidentified the hydraulic press process.
DES MOINES, Iowa — The weekend's straw poll in Ames lived up to its historic role as presidential bouncer, validating Rep. Michelle Bachmann's front-runner status in Iowa and kicking former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty to the curb — reshuffling the Republican race for the White House along the way.
The Pawlenty exit and Bachmann victory sharpened the GOP focus on national front-runner Mitt Romney and the two candidates considered most likely to challenge the former Massachusetts governor for the nomination: Mrs. Bachmann and Texas Gov. Rick Perry, who officially jumped into the race on Saturday.
Although he wasn't on the ballot as an official candidate, the Texas governor finished with 4 percent as a write-in — good enough for sixth place, and ahead of Mr. Romney, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman Jr.
Mr. Pawlenty, who finished a distant third with 14 percent, pulled the plug on his campaign Sunday.
“We needed to get some lift to continue on and have a pathway forward,” Mr. Pawlenty said on ABCs' “This Week.” “That didn't happen, so I'm announcing this morning on your show that I'm going to be ending my campaign for president.”
Former Godfather's Pizza CEO Herman Cain said he is staying in the race, despite a fifth-place showing.
“I truly believe,” Mr. Cain told CNN's Candy Crowley, “that I can win the nomination and the presidency.”
Sunday's fast-moving developments underscored the fluid nature of the GOP race and overshadowed Rep. Ron Paul's strong second-place showing in the straw poll. The congressman from Texas pulled in 4,671 votes, or 28 percent, just shy of knocking off Mrs. Bachmann's total of 4,823, or 29 percent, in her own backyard.
Still, it is anybody's guess as to whether the nearly 17,000 activists who voted in the straw poll speak for the 120,000 or so Iowans who will make the trek to the Republican caucuses in February.
History suggests that the poll may be a good harbinger for the eventual winner of the Iowa caucuses, but not for its ability to predict the next president.
George W. Bush is the only contested candidate to have gone on to win the Republican nomination and the presidency after a victory in the straw poll since its debut in 1979. It's also hard to tell whether the straw poll, or the caucuses, will have much influence over the outcome in crucial battleground states such as New Hampshire.
The New England state could be a better barometer for how a candidate will perform against President Obama in a general election because independents are allowed to cast votes in the primary.
On Sunday, Mrs. Bachmann brushed aside those concerns, suggesting she has crossover appeal and that a number of Democrats, independents and “apolitical people” supported her in the straw poll.
“Most Democrats are reasonable, fair-minded people, and so I have a message that reaches out to them because they — after all, they want jobs, too, and they want the economy to turn around, too,” she told NBC's David Gregory on “Meet the Press.”
After skipping the straw poll, Mr. Romney sees his road to victory starting in New Hampshire's first-in-the-nation primary, while Mrs. Bachmann and perhaps Mr. Perry see their presidential dreams hinging on the Iowa caucuses, which will kick off the nomination process.
Mr. Perry stole some of Mrs. Bachmann's thunder by announcing his candidacy the same day as the straw poll and then traveling to Waterloo, Iowa, at the same Black Hawk County GOP's Annual Lincoln Day Dinner as Mrs. Bachmann on Sunday.
At Sunday evening's dinner, there was no overt or covert sniping between the two candidates, as each gave the audience their usual applause lines — Mr. Perry denouncing Mr. Obama as eager to apologize for the U.S. and Mrs. Bachmann denouncing judicial activism and praising the tea party. Mrs. Bachmann also gave away an apple pie to the oldest mother in the audience — 100-year-old Mary Canfield.
Mr. Pawlenty, who was the first Republican to announce his candidacy, began his bid for the presidency with high hopes.
However, he struggled to gain traction in national polls after a poor performance in a June debate in New Hampshire.
Mr. Pawlenty invested $1 million in his Iowa campaign with hopes that a strong showing in the straw poll could help generate additional buzz and donors.
“He made a big investment, and he doubled down, as we call it, and it didn't pay off,” Mr. Cain said.
Mr. Romney, the front-runner in national polls and fundraising — perhaps reaching out to some of Mr. Pawlenty's supporters — was gracious in noting his rival's departure from the race.
“Tim Pawlenty and his entire team ran an honorable campaign. I admire his accomplishments as a two-term governor with a record of results for his state,” Mr. Romney said. “I consider him a friend, and I know he has a bright future ahead of him as a leader in the Republican Party.”
Mr. Pawlenty's dreams may have been dealt the final blow in the debate Thursday night in Ames, where it appeared he came out on the losing end of a feisty face-to-face exchange with Mrs. Bachmann, who said his stances on environmental regulations, a health care mandate and bigger government spending “sounds a lot like Barack Obama to me.”
Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, who won the 2007 straw poll, portended Mr. Pawlenty's downfall before the final vote was announced.
“Whoever of the two Minnesotans who come out on top, they come out on the shoulders of their teammates, the other one might go out on a gurney,” he said.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Still, the treatments were now a known option for the families of children with profound disabilities. They congregated on Pillowangel.org, a website and private message board maintained by Ashley's parents, who have never made their names public, identifying themselves only as “Ashley's Mom” and “Ashley's Dad,” or AM and AD. (Their site's name comes from the endearment given to Ashley and other children like her who spend most of their hours propped up by pillows in bed.) The carefully screened message boards became a supportive oasis in an online environment where, one Washington State mother told me, “parents looking for information about this are made to feel like monsters.”
For years following the controversy at Seattle Children's, Diekema was unsure how many children had been through growth-attenuation therapy, because no registries track the practice. But then last summer, the Pediatric Endocrine Society published a survey of its members in The Archives of Diseases in Childhood indicating that at least 65 children have received the therapy. (The survey did not break down participants by sex or note whether they had hysterectomies or breast-bud removal.) And by many doctors' accounts, the demand for it is increasing even as doctors prefer not to talk about the practice publicly. “You might wonder if we're getting underreporting,” says David Allen, a co-author of the survey and head of the endocrinology and diabetes department at University of Wisconsin American Family Children's Hospital. “The survey response rate was only 30 percent. We have no good numbers at this point.”
To begin to understand why a parent would choose to disrupt the growth of a child, it helps to know what goes into caring for someone with severe disability. Sandy Walker was a member of the Seattle Growth Attenuation and Ethics Working Group, a panel of concerned parents, medical experts, scholars and bioethicists who developed ethical and policy guidelines for health professionals. In her 50s and physically fit, Sandy has a 20-year-old daughter, Jessica, who has quadriplegia, is nonverbal and needs assistance with all daily activities. In good overall health, Jessica is 5-foot-3 and weighs 95 pounds. She requires either a two-person transfer between bed and wheelchair or a Hoyer lift, a sling-like hanging chair on wheels that moves people in and out of beds, chairs and bathtubs. But the Hoyer is not meant for use in the shower, where Jessica is propped on a stool, so Sandy and her husband, James Walker, rely on two-person lifts that are very difficult when their daughter is wet. “There are many things we can no longer do,” Sandy says, “or perhaps we could do them, but as she gets older, we also get older, and we choose not to.” This means no more hikes in the mountains or swimming at the public pool and the beach.
About nine years ago, the family went to Disneyland. It was still relatively easy to fly with Jessica then, but upon landing she vomited on herself and Sandy. Sandy made a mat from clothes in her suitcase, lay her daughter down in a handicapped stall at the airport and wiped off both of them. “But then I realized the terrible truth,” Sandy says. “I had to lift her, by myself, from the floor to the chair — no easy feat. If ever I wished for a shorter girl, it was then.” Walker believes that if growth-attenuation therapy had been available when Jessica was a small child, she and James would have considered it. “I've been shocked by how the disabled community has reacted to it,” she says. “These people speak of the ‘perspective of the disability community' as though we are not part of it. It makes us feel disenfranchised by the very organizations that were put in place to protect Jessica and our family.”
Cindy Preslar did not want to end up in a similar situation. “I knew we would be his caregivers forever, no matter what,” she told me. “But you think about: My goodness, when my kid's 15 years old, how am I going to hold and move him?” When she first learned about growth attenuation in a magazine article, shortly after Ricky's diagnoses, Cindy felt a wave of relief: The idea that Ricky could get the therapy one day was comforting. But she mentioned it to no one. “We'd go to his doctor appointments, then just go on,” she says. She finally brought it up with her husband, Matt, when Ricky was about 2. As it turned out, Matt had seen a reference to the Ashley case on “Law and Order: SVU” and had been waiting for the right moment to bring up the subject himself. They readily decided the therapy was the right thing for Ricky.
The Preslars searched for months before they found a willing doctor, Michael Kappy at Children's Hospital of Colorado, in Aurora. Kappy had never administered growth-attenuation therapy, but he was an author of a paper justifying and laying out guidelines for its practice. The Preslars flew with Ricky to Colorado twice, first to consult privately with Kappy, then to meet an ethics committee convened by the hospital to approve Ricky's treatment. Cindy found the ethics-committee members, especially one mother who had had a daughter with disabilities, to be immediately sympathetic. “The meeting lasted an hour or two,” she says. “And Dr. Kappy said: ‘I'll call it in. What pharmacy do you use?' And that was it.”
Apple today issued the third iOS 10 beta for iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch for developer testing since WWDC 2016. iOS 10 brings a refreshed look to Apple Music and News plus loads of new features to the platform. The software update will be ready for everyone later this fall, and we'll dig through the third developer version of the iOS 10 beta below.
If you're already testing iOS 10 beta on your iPhone or iPad, head to the Software Update section of the Settings app to find the OTA update. If you're a registered developer deciding to start testing iOS 10 with beta 3, head over to the Apple's developer page to install the beta profile. For non-developers, Apple is currently testing iOS 10 through the public beta program which usually receives updates a couple of days after developers.
iOS 10 includes loads of new features and changes including redesigned Music and News apps, the first Home app for HomeKit, a redesigned Lock screen and Home screen experience for widgets, tons of iMessage features in Messages, and much more.
iOS 10 beta 2, which was released on July 5th, included loads of tweaks and changes compared to the initial beta released at WWDC. iOS 10 beta 3 will likely continue to tweak visual and functional elements throughout the experience ahead of its release this fall.
Catch up on our full coverage with our iOS 10 guide. We'll dig through the latest iOS 10 beta and update with notable changes. As always, shout in the comments, mention us on @9to5mac, or email tips@9to5mac.com with changes you discover as well.
Here's the update:
Here's what's new so far:
Spendable Crypto
Cryptocurrencies such as ether and bitcoin are surging in popularity thanks to their many benefits over traditional currencies, but they still lag behind those currencies in one key way: they are not easy to spend in physical stores. People can spend USD and euros using a plethora of debit, credit, and gift cards, but their options are severely limited when it comes to spending bitcoin or ether using a cryptocurrency debit card.
That's starting to change, though. The Centra Card can be used just like a debit card to spend bitcoin, ether, dash, and several other popular cryptocurrencies. Token Card is another cryptocurrency debit card, and soon, London startup London Block Exchange (LBX) will launch a prepaid Visa debit card that will act in the same fashion.
The Dragoncard will allow people to convert their bitcoin, ether, ripple, litecoin, and monero to sterling (aka the British pound) at the time of purchase, thereby making it significantly easier for those currencies to be spent in stores throughout the United Kingdom, including ones that have yet to accept alternative forms of payment.
Business Insider reports the cryptocurrency debit card will be issued by pre-paid card provider Wavecrest, and it comes alongside an app people can use to buy and manage cryptocurrencies on LBX's own exchange. When someone uses the Dragoncard, LBX will pay the retailer in pounds first, then take the equivalent amount from the shopper's cryptocurrency wallet.
A few days ago, VLC – the popular video app for playing odd Codecs – made its appearance on Windows Phone for the public. At the time, it was not clear if this was the official release or the public beta of the app. As it turns out, it was the latter. As such, some negative user complaints came in, at times unfairly targeting the developer, Thomas Nigro. What followed next was an interesting – and disturbing – back and forth between VideoLAN (who own the VLC property) and the Windows Phone community. Although this incident is technically old news, the point illustrated is very relevant.
VideoLAN takes offense In a series of tersely worded tweets, VideoLAN took to Twitter to berate Windows Phone users over their behavior:
"Dear WP community, If you want applications, maybe you should stop acting like this…This amount of lack of respect is unbelievable...Especially against a young open source developer, who owes you nothing."
The "this" in the above exchange was referring to a negative review of the beta app that called out Nigro for being "very slow".
Following that exchange, some users took VideoLAN to task for what they thought was an overreaction. Indeed, in one conversation (since deleted) VideoLAN even threatened to pull the app (and the project) all together, while saying some not so nice things about Windows Phone fans.
Poor behavior Although I think VideoLAN was overreacting to the criticism, I do get their point. Windows Phones fans have shifted from the 'scrappy newcomer struggling against the world' to the 'curmudgeonly old guy who hates everything'. And I get that. Windows Phone fans have been kicked around the block for years now, seemingly getting shunned left and right by companies, manufacturers, and even the carriers. This, despite the fact that many people like Windows Phones and the experience. Still, the behavior and tone lately has been rather nihilistic, especially around such apps as VLC. The amount of haranguing we receive about an app we have nothing to do with is, well, it's impressive (or maybe de -pressive). VideoLAN does have a point though. You can look right at the comments section on this site for such behavior. How many times to people mash letters on the keyboard in an infantile gesture to share with the world that the app in question "should be free"? I have spoken to devs who would rather not interact with some of you in comments due to your aggressive nature. People don't want to pay anything, people want games to work on their budget phone from two years ago, and developers should damn any platform restrictions that Microsoft has put in their way. Of course, VideoLAN's reaction was not right either, in fact, it was downright poor, but I get the feeling. Thomas Nigro is a young, talented dev, often working against the restrictions of the platform. In other words, a lot of this is not his fault, but rather Microsoft's for not making it easy. You can ask quite a few developers about such situations, but does it matter when people won't even pay for something?
Lou Dobbs has gone and done it again:
On his radio show -- broadcast from the anti-immigration organization Federation for American Immigration Reform's "Hold Their Feet to the Fire" legislative advocacy event -- Lou Dobbs interviewed WorldNetDaily staff reporter Jerome Corsi, who Dobbs described as "a pretty good guy to talk to" about immigration issues. Corsi is a consistent promoter of the conspiracy theory -- previously advanced by Dobbs -- that President Obama has yet to produce a valid birth certificate; the author of falsehood-laden books about Obama and Sen. John Kerry that Dobbs' CNN colleagues panned as "discredited;" and has a history of making bigoted comments, some of which he later apologized for.
The piece documents Corsi's long history of promoting conspiracy theories, including most recently the "birther" nonsense, but more famously the "Swift Boat" garbage that sank John Kerry's candidacy.
Perhaps even more germane is that, beyond the "birther" conspiracy theories, Corsi has most recently been promoting the theory that President Obama is planning to round up conservatives and put them in concentration camps.
This willingness to abet the most insane wingnuttery is yet another drop in the bucket of evidence that CNN needs to give Dobbs the boot if it ever hopes to salvage what little credibility it has left.
A new site called DropDobbs.com is a joint effort by various progressive organizations -- including Media Matters, America's Voice, the Southern Poverty Law Center, and the National Council of La Raza -- to demand CNN make the change:
Over the years, Lou Dobbs has consistently used his CNN platform to spread hatred and fear. He played a critical role in skewing the immigration reform debate in 2006, leading to the derailment of that effort, and his obsession with the issue of immigration and with defeating immigration reform continues unabated. Adding to his repertoire of hate and fearmongering, he has recently aligned himself with the “birther” conspiracists and their racially tinged attack on the legitimacy of Barack Obama's presidency. From his CNN platform, he has bolstered the claims of those on the fringe by asserting repeatedly that President Obama has failed to produce adequate proof that he was born in the United States. His recent focus on the birth certificate conspiracy issue has reinforced what immigration reform proponents have long known — that Dobbs has a long history of the worst kind of pandering by promoting hate and ethnic and racial division.
Timothy Karr at HuffPo has a thoughtful piece on what we can start to do to confront the flood of toxic garbage that is spewing out of right-wing media these days. Lou Dobbs is only one of the most prominent problems.
Windscreen smashed in Sunshine road-rage attack involving men on monkey bikes
Updated
A man says he was terrified when his car windscreen was smashed in a road-rage attack involving a group of men on monkey bikes in Melbourne's west.
Brenton Davey, 31, said he was harassed by four men at the intersection of Ballarat Road and McIntyre Road in Sunshine about 10:00pm on Thursday.
He said the men on the low-powered motorcycles cut in front of him, were blocking lanes and riding erratically.
I was terrified. The aggression he was showing, he was really acting crazy. Brenton Davey
"I blasted my horn at them, as you do when there are people being idiots around you," he told 774 ABC Melbourne.
"I pulled up at the next set of traffic lights ... The one who was a pillion passenger got off the bike and proceeded to attempt to get into my car through the passenger door, which was locked luckily.
"He's then continued to punch at the window, kicking at the door, spitting at the glass then broke the driver's side mirror, then went back round to the front of the car and punched the windscreen, breaking that."
Mr Davey said when the traffic lights changed, the men drove off.
"I was terrified. The aggression he was showing, he was really acting crazy," he said.
"You can see the blood mark on it [the windscreen] where he's impacted. That's come directly off his hand.
"Even thinking back on it leaves me shaking."
Mr Davey drove to the nearby Sunshine police station to report the damage.
He described the man who punched his windscreen as Caucasian, of average height and dark hair, wearing a white T-shirt and dark pants.
All the men are thought to be in their late teens or early 20s.
Police have urged anyone who witnessed the incident to contact Crime Stoppers.
Topics: police, law-crime-and-justice, crime, sunshine-3020, footscray-3011
First posted
President-elect Donald Trump picked former Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue for agriculture secretary Thursday, the last post left on his potential cabinet. Trump's cabinet will likely be dominated by white men with just three women — one of whom is Indian-American and another who is Taiwanese-American — and one African-American man.
Not a single person of Hispanic descent is part of the incoming cabinet, a first in decades. The last cabinet without any Hispanic lawmaker was that of former President Ronald Reagan. There are also no Democrats on the Republican's cabinet.
Hispanics, who form the U.S.'s largest minority population, criticized Trump's cabinet for its lack of diversity.
“We're extremely worried. This is anti-democratic,” Hector Sanchez, chairman of the National Hispanic Leadership Agenda, an umbrella group of 40 advocacy organizations, reportedly said. “Trump has not only been the most anti-Latino, anti-immigrant president in the history of the nation, [but] by not including Latinos in his Cabinet, he is just showing how he plans to govern.”
Nevada Sen. Catherine Cortez Masto, the first Latina to serve in the Senate, said “it is beyond disappointing” that the president-elect failed to include a single Latino in his cabinet.
“While we made some progress in 2016 building the ranks of Latino leadership in the halls of Congress, I am stunned by the lack of diversity of the White House's nominees for these Cabinet positions,” she reportedly said. “Our government should mirror the people it serves, and the Trump administration has undoubtedly failed on that mark.”
Texas Rep. Vicente Gonzalez announced Thursday he would be boycotting the Jan. 20 inauguration over the lack of Hispanic members in Trump's choices.
“As one of more than 56 million Latinos in this country and as the representative for one of the most Hispanic districts in the country, I cannot condone the outright exclusion of our communities – or any community — from the executive branch or any level of government,” Gonzalez reportedly said.
Outgoing Labor Secretary Tom Perez called the lack of Hispanics in the new cabinet “shameful.” In a statement posted on Twitter, Perez said Trump had “embarrassed our country with the people he has chosen to lead our government.”
“Trump's refusal to invite a Latino voice to the table is unacceptable and a slap in the face to our entire community. I won't stand for this and that is why I'll be organizing with progressives across the country to fight back,” Perez wrote.
Trump's pick for Press Secretary Sean Spicer defended his choices pointing out that there were non-Latino minorities in the incoming cabinet.
“I think that when you look at the totality of his administration, the people that he's talked to, the people that he's met with, the people that he's appointing, you see a president who is committed to uniting this country, who's bringing the best and the brightest together,” he reportedly said at news conference Thursday.
“Look at the Cabinet: Elaine Chao, Dr. Ben Carson, Gov. Nikki Haley, the first Indian-American,” Spicer added. “The number one thing that I think Americans should focus on is: ‘Is he hiring the best and brightest?'”
Spicer said Trump “has tremendous respect” for Latinos and they will have representation in the administration but in lower positions.
“It is a priority but I think it's a very narrow way to look at it and say, ‘If you don't appoint people to this particular position, that's a problem,'” he said. “I just mentioned the level of diversity that's throughout not just the Cabinet but his staff and the other appointments that he's going to make. I guarantee as we continue to announce this, that problem will be something that people look at and respect the level of diversity throughout his entire administration.”
Photo: REUTERS/RICK WILKING
Kurdish Peshmerga forces advancing toward ISIS positions on the Khazir front on Monday.
ERBIL, Kurdistan Region – Kurdish Peshmerga forces successfully captured seven villages near Mosul from ISIS on Monday, the first day of the Mosul offensive, as the US-led coalition warned that the operation will likely last “for weeks.”
By 10am local time on Monday morning the Peshmerga liberated a total of seven villages on the Khazir front, backed by US-led coalition air power which is bombarding ISIS positions ahead of their advances.
Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend, the commander of the Combined Joint Task Force Operation Inherent Resolve warned against expectations of a quick operation.
“This may prove to be a long and tough battle, but the Iraqis have prepared for it and we will stand by them,” he said.
Rudaw English's front-line reporter Ayub Nuri said that in Badana village on the Khazir front ISIS tried to overrun Peshmerga positions with car bombs. Coalition airstrikes destroyed two of them but one managed to get near its target before detonating. There are no reports of casualties among the Peshmerga.
“ISIS militants have lost the morale to fight and their situation is bad inside Mosul. Many militants have fled to Syria together with their families,” Saeed Mamuzini, a Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) official from Mosul told Rudaw.
His comments came as Peshmerga forces advanced against ISIS in the Hamdaniya district to Mosul's southeast.
This operation is being overseen by Kurdish President Masoud Barzani personally, Aziz Waisi, the commander of the Kurdish Zeravani Special Forces, told Rudaw.
The Peshmerga offensive began early in the morning when Kurdish troops broke through the dirt mounds which marked the front-line border between them and the territory held by the militants. Peshmerga Commander Sheikh Jaafar Mustafa said that the Peshmerga will advance and liberate certain areas around Mosul that will help pave the way for the Iraqi Army's advance into the city itself.
“We've an agreement with the Iraqis and coalition that the Peshmerga won't be going to Mosul,” the Chief of General Staff of the Peshmerga forces, Jamal Iminiki, told Rudaw English.
Following a United Nations Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) press release earlier on Monday morning – which called upon the participating forces to ensure civilians in Mosul are not unnecessarily harmed under international humanitarian law – the commander of Iraq's anti-terrorism forces said they are taking steps to help civilians escape.
“We will open a corridor for civilians to escape Mosul as soon as security forces arrive on the outskirts of Mosul,” Abdulghani Assadi told reporters. “We also ask civilians to help security forces by providing them with intelligence information.”
The OCHA statement warned that, “Tens of thousands of Iraqi girls, boys, women and men may be under siege or held as human shields,” in Mosul. “Children, women, the elderly and disabled will be particularly vulnerable. Depending on the intensity and scope of the fighting, as many as one million people may be forced to flee their homes in a worst-case scenario.”
OCHA estimates that there are “up to 1.5 million people living in Mosul who may be impacted by military operations to retake the city.”
Iminiki also advised Rudaw against making “any predictions about a city like Mosul.”
“ISIS has a considerable force in Mosul,” he said. “Many militants who are defeated in Iraqi cities such as Ramadi, Tikrit and Baiji might be in Mosul now even though some of them might have gone to Syria.”
My Collection Status I Have It I Have It I Want It I Want It Go To My Collection
The Aircraft Carrier U.S.S. Flagg was first released boxed in U.S. toy stores in 1985. It included the Admiral, Keel-Haul. The Aircraft Carrier U.S.S. Flagg was also sold in 1986 and was discontinued in 1987.
With Towing Vehicle, Fuel Trailer, Admiral's Launch & Electronic Sound System
0 For Sale | 483 People Have It | 475 People Want It | Contribute! 483 People Have It475 People Want It
Driver/Pilot: KEEL-HAUL (v1) Keel-Haul was released as part of the fourth series (1985), packaged exclusively with the U.S.S. Flagg aircraft carrier. He was also sold in 1986, then was discontinued domestically in 1987.
In 1989, he was available mail-order as part of the "Special Missions Drivers" set with Ace, Thunder, Lampreys, Strato-Viper, and Motor Viper.
Left-over bagged Keel-Haul figures were eventually released through some strange channels and ended up as prizes at Chuck E. Cheese pizza/arcades and carnivals around the country as "Skeeball" prizes in 1993.
This action figure is often referred to as "Admiral Keel-Haul."
Click here for more on Keel-Haul (v1)
Easily Broken/Lost Pieces The Aircraft Carrier U.S.S. Flagg included a vast number of small parts which were very easily lost or broken. They included 16 deck clips, arrestor hook, Admiral's launch, radar antennas, a flag, six missiles, a hook, 3 deck ladders, engine access covers, chairs, the fuel trailer, the tow vehicle, the radioman's computer combat computer, the armory, a microphone/sound system, the Admiral's console, a stanchion, a purge valve, the helm, the main console, and a computer.
Download a text list of all U.S.S. Flagg parts.
Variations There are two different versions of the sound system.
Vehicle Construction The vehicle mold was repainted or retooled for the following vehicles:
This was the only usage of the U.S.S. Flagg mold.
International Releases Canada released the U.S.S. Flagg in bilingual packaging.
Takara planned a retail release of the U.S.S. Flagg in 1987, but the line was cancelled before it saw distribution. However, it was available as a contest prize in American packaging. Canada Canada Canada
Reference Information The below information contains information about references to various collector's guides, Hasbro references, original retail prices, and other reference material related to U.S.S. Flagg. The below information contains information about references to various collector's guides, Hasbro references, original retail prices, and other reference material related to U.S.S. Flagg. Original Retail: $89.99
Product Number: 6001
Lee's Guide: GIJ-85053p
The Ultimate Guide: Pg. 61-62 (1st Ed.), Pg. 100-103 (2nd Ed.)
Desimone Guide: n/a
Tomart's Guide: #GI5441
RAHC/Rank & File: n/a
Action Figure Archive Guide: n/a
WHOBIT The only thing harder to keep track of than the 500+ G.I.Joe action figures released since 1982 are the many guns, backpacks, helmets, and knives that were included with the figures. With almost 1800 different G.I.Joe accessories, identifying them was once a long, arduous task. But not anymore. Enter WHOBIT. If you have an accessory and don't know which figure it came with, follow the instructions below and let WHOBIT help you identify where it came from. Black
Blue
Brown/Tan
Clear/None Gray/Silver
Green
Orange
Purple Red/Pink/Maroon
White
Yellow/Gold
Sound Attack
Of course now that Google's PageRank update is over, everyone that can flip their site for a good profit, is taking the opportunity. Blogging Fingers recently sold for $6000, and now One Man's Goal is on Sitepoint with a current bid of $6400. It is very interesting to see so many great sites sell long before they have shared the full breadth of their knowledge. Had Darren Rowse given up on Problogger.net and just sold it, I doubt we would all be talking about him so much today.
Here is some of the text from the sale:
After much thought, I've decided to sell my high-profile blog OneMansGoal.Com. This blog is a true gem, and it is already causing quite a splash at only 4 months old. I'll get into the traffic and the revenue a little later, but I want you to know how truly magnificent this blog is. After only 4 months of blogging (I was completely new to the blog scene), I've managed to earn a PR4 and quite a few high quality backlinks. These backlinks include some of the biggest blogs in the make money online niche such as Problogger.Net and Entrepreneurs-Journey.Com (among many others). I am selling the blog because I have a new project in mind that I believe will be a big earner for me. Rather than neglecting One Man's Goal and it's family of loyal readers, I'd rather sell it to someone who can give it the attention it needs. I might be persuaded to stay on as a paid blogger if you would like. Also, if you need me to, I will stay on for a period of two weeks until you get settled and running smoothly (free of charge).
It will be interesting to see if this trend continues. The good news is that most sites, once they are sold, even if the author stays on for a while, the transition usually creates a drop in traffic. That drop, in my experience, can be as much as half, so that makes my work in rising up the ranks of this niche that much easier.
Scientific experiments with the herpes virus strain that causes Marek's disease in poultry have confirmed, for the first time, the highly controversial theory that some types of vaccines allow for the evolution and survival of increasingly virulent versions of a virus, putting unvaccinated individuals at greater risk of severe illness. The research has important implications for food-chain security and food-chain economics, as well as for other diseases that affect humans and agricultural animals.
The new research, which will be published in the Open Access journal PLOS Biology on July 27th, investigates how the use of "leaky" or "imperfect" vaccines can influence the evolution of virulence in viruses. The work was carried out by an international group led by Prof. Andrew Read, the Evan Pugh Professor of Biology and Entomology and Eberly Professor in Biotechnology at Penn State University, USA and Prof. Venugopal Nair, the Head of the Avian Viral Diseases programme at The Pirbright Institute, UK.
Imperfect, or leaky, vaccines are known as such because they prevent the vaccinated host from getting sick but do not prevent the transmission of the virus, thus the virus is able to survive and to spread throughout a population. "In our tests of the leaky Marek's disease virus in groups of vaccinated and unvaccinated chickens, the unvaccinated died while those that were vaccinated survived, and transmitted the virus to other birds left in contact," Nair said. "Our research demonstrates that the use of leaky vaccines can promote the evolution of nastier 'hot' viral strains that put unvaccinated individuals at greater risk."
"When a vaccine works perfectly, as do the childhood vaccines for smallpox, polio, mumps, rubella, and measles, it prevents vaccinated individuals from being sickened by the disease, and it also prevents them from transmitting the virus to others," Read said. These vaccines are "perfect" because they are designed to mimic the strong immunity that humans naturally develop after having been exposed to one of these diseases. "Our research demonstrates that another vaccine type allows extremely virulent forms of a virus to survive -- like the one for Marek's disease in poultry, against which the poultry industry is heavily reliant on vaccination for disease control," said Prof. Nair. "These vaccines also allow the virulent virus to continue evolving precisely because they allow the vaccinated individuals, and therefore themselves, to survive".
"Vaccines for human diseases are the least-expensive, most-effective public-health interventions we ever have had," Read said. "But the concern now is about the next-generation vaccines. If the next-generation vaccines are leaky, they could drive the evolution of more-virulent strains of the virus." He said it is critical now to determine as quickly as possible that the Ebola vaccines that now are in clinical trials are not leaky -- that they completely prevent the transmission of the Ebola virus among people. "We do not want the evolution of viral diseases as deadly as Ebola evolving in the direction that our research has demonstrated is possible with less-than-perfect, leaky vaccines," Read said.
He also recommends vaccination for individual protection. "When evolution toward more-virulent virus strains takes place as a result of vaccination practices, it is the unvaccinated individuals who are at the greatest risk. Those who are not vaccinated will be exposed, without any protection, to the hottest strains of a virus. Our research provides strong evidence for the importance of getting vaccinated."
###
Please mention PLOS Biology as the source for this article and include the links below in your coverage to take readers to the online, open access articles.
All works published in PLOS Biology are open access, which means that everything is immediately and freely available. Use this URL in your coverage to provide readers access to the paper upon publication: http://www. plosbiology. org/ article/ info:doi/ 10. 1371/ journal. pbio. 1002198
Contact:
Dr Andrew Read
Penn State University
a.read@psu.edu
814 321 5004
Citation:
Read AF, Baigent SJ, Powers C, Kgosana LB, Blackwell L, Smith LP, et al. (2015) Imperfect Vaccination Can Enhance the Transmission of Highly Virulent Pathogens. PLoS Biol 13(7): e1002198. doi:10.1371/journal.pbio.1002198
Funding:
This work was funded by the Institute of General Medical Sciences, National Institutes of Health (R01GM105244) and by UK Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council as part of the joint NSF-NIH-USDA Ecology and Evolution of Infectious Diseases program. The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
Competing Interests:
The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.
Video: https:/ / psu. box. com/ Read7-2015
[Should developers drop Microsoft's online services in favor of Steam or even the open web? We speak to independent developers and Microsoft itself to discover what developers should be weighing in their decisions when choosing platforms.]
The digital landscape is shifting, and the current platform of choice may not be the same as it was just a short time ago, say several developers recently interviewed by Gamasutra.
They suggest one is more likely to find success by heading over to Valve Software's Steam digital distribution platform than to rely on some of the other digital mainstays, like Microsoft's Xbox Live Marketplace or Apple's iOS.
Case in point: Robert Boyd, founder of Lake Arrowhead, CA-based Zeboyd Games, whose first RPG – Breath Of Death VII: The Beginning – came out in April 2010 and sold about 50,000 copies on Xbox Live Indie Games (XBLIG) at $1 each.
After toiling another eight months, he released a larger RPG -- Cthulhu Saves The World -- on Dec. 30, again on XBLIG, this time charging $3 because of the additional work that went into it.
"So far we've sold about 16,000 copies," he says, "which means it's earned just about the same amount of money as our first game -- even though we spent so much more time creating it."
Disappointed in the outcome, and encouraged by other developers to drop XBLIG and shift from Xbox 360 to PC games, he spent the next few months adding new features and porting the two RPGs over to PC. He released them – bundled together for $3 -- on Valve's Steam platform on July 13.
"In just five days, our Steam revenue had already surpassed our annual revenue on XBLIG," he reports. While he prefers not to give exact figures, he estimates his five-day Steam earnings to be over $100,000 -- "which, as you can imagine, really impressed us, and has motivated us to make PC games much more of a priority than Xbox."
Cthulhu Saves The World
In Boyd's opinion, the advantage of working with Steam is that it treats indie games and AAA games "pretty much the same. When we released our titles on Steam, we got a front page ad that lasted about a week, and we were placed in the 'new releases' and 'top sellers' lists, which gave us a huge promotional push that XBLIG never gave us."
Boyd says his experience with Steam isn't all that unusual, having heard from other developers that they had similar experiences – not selling well on XBLIG and achieving much more success with sequels or other games on Steam.
"XBLIG is a good place for beginners," he says. "The software is all free and there's a lot of documentation online to teach you how to use it. But it doesn't really pay well for most people unless you get lucky, have a couple of standout games, and sell hundreds of thousands of copies. My recommendation is to start with XBLIG, get some experience and exposure, and then move on to Steam or to the official Xbox Live Arcade (XBLA) platform."
In winning re-election, Barack Obama secured more electoral votes than any Republican presidential candidate in the last 24 years. As of this writing, President Obama also won the popular vote. President Obama also yet again won in states such as Ohio, Virginia, Colorado and Iowa — states that Republicans won with equal ease in prior elections.
It is stunning to hear Republicans, who mere months ago boasted about how likely the president was to be defeated, now minimize the significance of the president's victory and suggest he does not have a mandate.
As conservatives frequently and loudly trumpeted throughout the campaign season, no president since FDR has won re-election with unemployment over 7.2%. Now that one has, they want to deny the magnitude of that victory and the reality it reflects — that the American people, nonetheless still frustrated by our stagnant economy, endorsed a continuation of the Democratic policies that are pulling us out of the mess and rejected the Republican ideology that caused it in the first place.
[pullquote]
Republicans can do all the finger pointing they want — at Mitt Romney, his campaign, Hurricane Sandy, whatever — but the fact is that with a weak economy and sagging approval ratings, President Obama was highly vulnerable for defeat if Republicans could propose popular alternatives. But this election proved those Republican alternatives wildly unpopular.
The president now has the wind at his back, propelling a Democratic vision that balances a strong private sector with a supportive government and invests in the middle class while asking the wealthiest among us to pay their fair share.
Republican leaders have a choice. They can decide yet again to attack and obstruct the president on day one, or they can work toward bipartisan solutions that keep American on the path to recovery.
Yet while Republicans retained control of the House because of factionalized district elections, make no mistake about it — House Republicans have a dreadfully low approval rating and polls show Americans are more likely to blame Republicans than Democrats for gridlock in Washington.
Further, Tuesday's widespread defeat of Tea Party extremists — from Reps. Joe Walsh (IL) and Allen West (FL) to GOP Senate candidate Richard Mourdock in Indiana (a state that still voted 54% for Romney) — signals that the GOP's rigid adherence to social conservativism and trickle down economics just does not resonate with the American electorate.
Much has been made about the shifting demographics of our nation and the resulting crisis that looms for the Republican party. Indeed, while George W. Bush won 44% of Latino voters in 2004 and John McCain won 31% of Latinos in 2008, Mitt Romney garnered a mere 27% of the Latino vote. And young voters, who actually improved on their already-record turnout numbers in 2008, by and large voted Democrat.
These trends, and the fact that voters in three states (Washington, Maine and Maryland) voted for marriage equality while voters in one state (Minnesota) defeated an anti-marriage ballot measure, suggests that the electorate is moving further and further away from core Republican Party policies that are hostile toward immigration reform, gay rights, the environment and other issues about which these voters deeply care.
But while Republicans certainly have a big problem in the fast-approaching new demographic climate, the fact is that Republicans already have a big problem now. They lost abysmally in the current demographic environment. After Tuesday's election, anyone who still thinks America is a center-right nation should have their head examined.
My colleague Dick Morris notably predicted that Mitt Romney would defeat President Obama in a “landslide” winning 325 electoral votes to a projected 213 for Obama. Now that the president won with 303 to Romney's 206 electoral votes, Morris calls Obama's victory "a squeaker." But if Florida is declared for President Obama — which at this writing looks likely — the president's 332 electoral votes will make his already wide margin of victory even larger than what Morris considered would be a landslide for Romney.
That ain't no squeaker, folks.
Conservatives would have readily insisted on a Romney mandate even in the face of a smaller margin. But after four years of extraordinarily baseless and nasty attacks against the president, conservatives can't even bring themselves to simply acknowledge that the president won and that his victory is not the result of voter fraud or Chris Christie but the basic fact that the American voters chose liberalism over conservativism. Period.
Republicans would be wise to acknowledge the president's very clear and strong mandate and get on board — or else risk alienating the American public even further.
Lamborghini Miura SVJ Reading time: about 3 minutes. Cars
Classic Cars
Italian
Luxury
Rare
The Lamborghini Miura SVJ is a look into an almost parallel history of the Italian marque, where Ferrucio Lamborghini wanted to take the Miura racing against the likes of Ferrari, Jaguar, Porsche and Ford.
Of course, the reality is that Ferruccio had no interest in motor sport and saw Lamborghini as a company that would make stately luxury cars in the vein of Rolls-Royce or Mercedes-Benz. The only reason the Miura was even developed was because the engineers at Lamborghini worked on it after hours and on weekends, by the time they told Ferruccio about it the lion's share of the work had been done and as a result, he agreed to fund the rest of the development with a view to using the car as a marketing tool.
It wasn't until the Miura's rolling chassis was shown to the general public at the 1965 Turin Salon that Ferruccio and the bean counters at Lamborghini began to see the potential for the car – without even having a body designed or fitted the attendees at Turin were lining up to throw deposit money at Lamborghini representatives.
The design of the body was tasked to Marcello Gandini at Bertone, it would become a touchstone in automotive design that many credit with creating the foundation of the modern supercar.
Despite the extraordinary racing potential for the Miura the car would never be raced, either by the factory or wealthy privateers, and Ferrari would go mostly unchallenged by fellow Italians.
The Miura SVJ was to be the balls-to-the-wall racing version of the model, the front and rear tracks were widened with matching flared arches, the new 440hp V12 with split-sump lubrication was chosen to power it and the chassis was stiffened to better handle the modifications. The J in the name was a reference to Jota – chosen as a reference to the FIA Appendix J division for which the car was developed.
In order to improve weight distribution the spare tire in the prototype was moved to just behind the engine and the fuel tank was removed from the nose and split into two tanks mounted in the sills. The glass was then removed and replaced with cut to measure plexiglass and the entire body was formed from riveted aluminium sheets – cutting the kerb weight to 1,785 lbs (810 kilograms).
Once the SVJ was completed it was displayed to an enamoured public at the Geneva Salon in 1971 – frustratingly, Ferruccio Lamborghini then scheduled to have the car scrapped. Fortunately this never took place and the original was sold on to a private millionaire collector – who then proceeded to crash the car beyond repair.
In the years immediately after this took place Lamborghini began to take special orders to convert normal Miura SVs to SVJ specification. Only a handful were built before attention shifted to the new Lamborghini Countach in 1974 – a car with styling so groundbreaking that the SVJ was all but forgotten.
The tiny number of surviving SVJs and the icon status currently enjoyed by the Lamborghini Miura has led to a predictably sharp spike in values, the restored example you see here has been valued at between $2,000,000 to $2,600,000 and is due to be auctioned by RM Auctions in Arizona on the 15th of January 2015 – if you'd like to view the listing you can click here.
Nikki Pack traveled the country by hopping trains, hitchhiking or catching rides with friends. She returned periodically to Pittsburgh, where her mother and baby son lived, holding down restaurant jobs until her wanderlust returned and she was off again.
Raised on a Wisconsin dairy farm, Jeffrey Geerts dropped out of college and hit the road, opting for adventure over the drudgery of low-wage work close to home.
Melissa Martinez, a Californian who had moved to New Orleans to be near her mother, was a waitress at Mona's Cafe in Faubourg Marigny.
Each took a different path to the abandoned warehouse by the railroad tracks where they died on Dec. 28, along with five other young squatters, after the fire they lit for warmth on the bitterly cold night burned out of control.
Geerts' girlfriend, Katie Simianer, was from Nebraska and traveling with him.
Jonathan Guerrero was from Texas and also rode the rails, according to friends who knew him by the nickname "Carwash."
The three other fire victims have yet to be officially identified, though one is believed to be Samuel "Sammy" Thompson of New Orleans.
Whether they were "traveling kids" like Pack and Geerts or more settled like Martinez, the presence of the eight young people at the warehouse identified them as part of a distinct subculture that includes former travelers and others who live in New Orleans neighborhoods like St. Roch and Bywater.
Nationally, the culture of young travelers has not been well documented, making it difficult to answer basic questions such as how many young people follow the vagabond lifestyle and whether the phenom-enon is new or simply the modern version of the old-time hobo with his belongings tied to a stick.
But through interviews with people around New Orleans, a definition of the local scene emerges, with train-hopping transients on one end of a continuum that also includes established residents.
There are those who panhandle, rarely bathe, wear tattered clothing and are known by the derisive term "gutter punks." Others have put down roots in the city and have steady jobs or contribute to the local music scene. What binds them is an ethos of anti-consumerism, environmentalism and unconditional sharing of material goods.
In their view, taking over an abandoned building and using it for shelter is recycling, not trespassing. Hitching an unauthorized ride on a train is considered "green" because it doesn't use extra fuel. Why work a 9-to-5 job when the money goes to purchasing things you don't really need, the thinking goes.
Eager to share
Outsiders who have spent time in these circles say they are especially struck by the generosity they have witnessed. By that token, a traveling kid might beg for spare change, then not hesitate to split her take with a stranger who is also in need.
"Watching them sometimes is so encouraging. It makes you think that maybe this is the way our country should be," said Tyrone Keelen, who provides clothing, food and other assistance to traveling kids at the Drop-In Center in Treme. "These kids meet each other while traveling. If they see a hungry person, they'll feed them, house them, without even knowing who the person is. We don't do that, and they do. Coming to work every day, it's good to see people being human."
The warehouse at St. Ferdinand and North Prieur streets was well known as a place to crash while passing through town. Some regulars had cleaned it up and brought in cast-off furniture. They planned to transform it into a collective for repairing bicycles and building new ones out of recycled parts.
Instead, it became a fiery grave for the eight people and two dogs who happened to be sleeping there that night. The oldest of the known victims was 23.
A society unto itself
Cruise down Elysian Fields, Franklin or St. Claude avenues for a while and you are likely to spot a pack of young people, often with several dogs in tow, whose piercings, dark clothing and dreadlocks would place them onstage at an underground rock club, save for their unwashed appearance.
Some may live in New Orleans full-time. Others are on the move, stopping in town for a few days, a few weeks or a few months, staying or going as the mood suits them.
After dark, a main hang-out is the St. Roch Tavern. Siberia, a relatively new venue on St. Claude Avenue, hosts punk rock shows marked by the clusters of devotees gathered on the sidewalk outside.
On a recent night at the St. Roch, a group sharing a pitcher of beer by the pool table identified themselves as traveling kids. But Jo Robin -- at 28, an elder stateswoman of sorts -- shooed a visitor away, explaining that media coverage of the warehouse tragedy has not helped an already misunderstood community.
Inside a nearby house, the New Orleans Police Department's 5th District commander, Bernadine Kelly, was leading a neighborhood meeting on the death of Jonathan "Flee" Hall, who was shot Dec. 23 at his home on St. Roch Avenue, just around the corner. According to an interview with Hall's parents in a Mississippi newspaper, Hall had train-hopped around the country before settling in New Orleans.
The fatal shooting and warehouse fire have devastated the close-knit band of outsiders, who often recognize each other by their unconventional clothing and immediately offer tips on where to find food, shelter and a good time.
'They're our generation's children'
Later, Jo Robin -- the name she uses as a musician and puppeteer -- said she used to be a traveling kid herself and had slept at the warehouse as recently as a year ago. She now lives full-time in New Orleans and has made it her mission to build bridges between black old-timers and bohemian newcomers in the St. Roch area.
Young travelers tend to be creative types -- talented musicians or writers -- who are rebelling against the expectations of mainstream society, she said.
When they settle down, many will take the values they learned on the road and contribute to their communities, whether by making music or becoming activists, Jo Robin said.
"One of them could be the next Patti Smith," she said, echoing a comment she saw on a local blog. "They're not just f---ups. They're our generation's children. They're writing music, creating art, making bike co-ops, making friends with local churches and the black community."
Benjamin Daniel, who is in his 20s but would not reveal his exact age, fits a loose definition of a traveler. He tends to share rides rather than hitchhike or hop trains. Rather than panhandling, he works odd jobs such as the furniture-moving gig he has here.
After graduating from college in Appalachia, Daniel couldn't hold down a job because he "couldn't see a point" in the endless cycle of working just to pay the rent. He decided to find a different route, supporting himself as much as he could by skimming off other Americans' excesses.
That could mean living in an abandoned building that isn't being used by the owner, picking up a half-smoked cigarette off the sidewalk, or scavenging a few slices out of a discarded pizza box, Daniel said.
A jazz pianist who grew up in Worcester, Mass., Daniel has an apartment on Music Street and plans to stay in New Orleans through Jazz Fest. Meanwhile, he is saving up for a snare drum so he can play in second-lines.
"If you have a car, you have to buy more parts. Video games are out of date the minute you can afford them. You're building up toward what?" he said.
A storied American tradition
Young train-hoppers in nose rings and Doc Martens may be a fairly recent phenomenon. But in leaving it all behind to wander the country, they are following a storied American tradition, portrayed in literary classic from "Huckleberry Finn" to Jack Kerouac's "On the Road."
Pilgrimages to New Orleans are also part of our national mythology, said Nick Spitzer, a Tulane professor who produces and hosts the public radio music show "American Routes."
"Woody Guthrie, Kerouac, beats, hippies -- and now I'd add the goths and punkers and indie folk," Spitzer said. "There's a sense that the road renews you, that you can go somewhere and be something different. New Orleans is a place where you can go and be your true self and also be different. It's enormously appealing to a lot of young people to make that trip."
Adam Staniszewski, who knew Pack from Pittsburgh, said his friend's eyes would light up when she spoke about seeing the country as a stowaway on a freight train. Numerous online blogs attest to the thrill of finally catching a ride after evading trainyard security, picking the right type of car and clambering aboard -- preferably when the train is stationary.
Pack, 23, had promised to take Staniszewski on her next train-hopping trek early next year, though she was having a good time in New Orleans and talked about staying longer.
"If you saw Nikki on the street playing music, you might have certain prejudices: 'There's another traveling gutter punk,'" Staniszewski said. "But she had been in the military, she had a child at home, she worked her ass off in Pittsburgh. There were just small spells where she wasn't."
Geerts' father, Jack, said his son saw no reason to rack up $50,000 in college loans, only to graduate with slim job prospects.
The elder Geerts had trouble accepting that Jeffrey, an accomplished guitarist who was also good at fixing computers, was roaming the country panhandling in dirty clothes. But he also recognized that his son had to play out his rebellious streak.
Jeffrey Geerts, who was 22 when he died, had been on the road for about three years. On a Fourth of July trip home to Wisconsin in 2009, he went to a local bar with his father. The two had a man-to-man chat, and Jack Geerts believed his son was gradually veering toward a more conventional lifestyle.
"We talked quite a bit, about anything and everything in the world," said Geerts, a dairy farmer who immigrated from the Netherlands. "You could hear he was changing."
Cindy Chang can be reached at cchang@timespicayune.com or 504.826.3386.
With nearly 2.6 million Americans addicted to prescription opioid painkillers or heroin, the Trump administration declared a public health emergency on Thursday, unlocking roughly two cents per person in new funding for the effort.
Trump's official declaration, initially promised on August 10, allows the executive branch to dip into the Public Health Emergency Fund. This fund holds only $57,000, as The Intercept reported in August. No other funding was immediately made available by the declaration.
Other methods of declaring an emergency could have opened up significantly more funding. A national emergency similar to what gets declared during a natural disaster would have uncorked funds from the Federal Emergency Management Agency, though that request would have had to compete with money for relief in Texas, Florida, and Puerto Rico. And a public health emergency under the Stafford Act would also unlock the Disaster Relief Fund.
But Trump's order only encompasses the Public Health Services Act, and its $57,000 of available emergency cash. That will get you about 12 doses of the auto-injector Evzio, which delivers the overdose-reversing drug naloxone for around $4,500 per pop.
The administration argued in a fact sheet that the declaration allows the Department of Health and Human Services to shift money within its HIV/AIDS programs to get people eligible for those programs substance abuse treatment. (This, of course, reduces available funding for HIV treatment, unless the coffers are replenished). The Department of Labor could also issue “dislocated worker grants” to help anyone who lost their job due to opioids, but that's “subject to available funding,” and the Trump administration has proposed a 40 percent cut in such dislocated worker grants.
Finally, the White House touted over $1 billion that has been allocated for drug addiction and the opioid crisis during Trump's tenure, but that was largely already in the queue, mostly through the 21st Century Cures Act that passed at the end of 2016, before Trump became president.
In his speech, Trump did announce one costly initiative alongside the declaration – an ad campaign, similar to Nancy Reagan's “Just Say No” public service announcements in the 1980s. Those did introduce America to how a brain on drugs is similar to a fried egg, but did next to nothing to combat drug use.
State and public health officials were said to be disappointed by the paucity of money. The President's Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis, in its interim recommendations in July, recognized this, saying that declaring a public health emergency would “force Congress to focus on funding.”
Indeed, just yesterday, Sen. Bob Casey, a Democrat from Pennsylvania, and 13 Democrats introduced the Combating the Opioid Epidemic Act, which would deliver $45 billion over 10 years to prevention, early detection, and treatment of opioid abuse. Senate Republicans put exactly this amount, $45 billion, into their Obamacare repeal bill as a sweetener for wayward members. Ultimately that bill never passed. Even the White House has said that they would push Congress to replenish the Public Health Emergency Fund to enable more grants to fight opioid abuse.
So Trump's declaration guarantees that opioid funding will become another major agenda item for the end-of-the-year omnibus bill, said at various times to include: appropriations to avoid a government shutdown, a raise in the debt ceiling, authorization to fund the cost-sharing reduction payments for insurers in the Affordable Care Act, a deal on the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, reauthorization of the now-expired Children's Health Insurance Program and enhanced funding for community health centers, a re-up for the National Flood Insurance Program which expires in December, and continued disaster relief funding for areas affected by hurricanes and wildfires.
Photo: Alex Wong/Getty Images
In short, it turns that December decision into a giant cliff, imperiling virtually everything in the deal because of the number of moving parts. And because ultimately you can't move the needle much on the opioid crisis without more funding, it raises the stakes significantly for what happens over the holidays, at a time when Congress is laser-focused on tax reform.
Other parts of the public health emergency declaration could make a small difference. The White House said they would use it to expand access to telemedicine, including remote prescribing of treatment medications. There's also deregulation in the order, as it enables HHS to “overcome bureaucratic delays and inefficiencies” and hire more temporary specialists to deal with the crisis. That deregulation could loosen restrictions that currently block Medicaid from funding drug treatment in a facility with more than 16 beds.
In addition, Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Scott Gottlieb's endorsement before Congress of medication-assisted treatment puts a powerful proponent on the side of a critical solution. Gottlieb's persistence on the opioid crisis ultimately may prove more substantial than anything in the emergency declaration.
If Gottlieb's push toward a medication-based approach to recovery is married with an expansion of telemedicine that expands access to buprenorphine, a dent could be made in the epidemic.
The declaration did not commit the federal government to negotiating down the price of naloxone, the anti-overdose treatment which has skyrocketed in cost and pressured local budgets. Several members of Congress have pressed for that in recent weeks.
The president's opioid commission is expected to deliver a final report with recommendations and findings November 1, after a month's delay. The president said today he “eagerly awaits” the report.
The public health emergency declaration will have to be renewed every 90 days to keep in effect.
The Nats have not confirmed that Span is going on the DL.
WASHINGTON -- Nationals center fielder Denard Span will likely go on the 15-day disabled list because of back spasms, according to a baseball source familiar with the situation.
WASHINGTON -- Nationals center fielder Denard Span will likely go on the 15-day disabled list because of back spasms, according to a baseball source familiar with the situation.
The Nats have not confirmed that Span is going on the DL.
Span has been dealing with back spasms since June 7 against the Cubs. There were times he would feel better, play a few games and then the back spasms would reoccur.
Span went to Dallas on Thursday to get his back checked.
"The appointment went well," the source said.
Span had already announced that he is not going to play in the three-game series against the Orioles this weekend. Despite starting the season on the disabled list because of abdominal surgery, Span was productive during the first half, hitting .304 with five home runs, 22 RBIs and a .367 on-base percentage.
In other news, the Nationals announced that left-hander Gio Gonzalez will start Friday's game against the O's. The team, however, did not announce the rest of its rotation for the weekend.
References to climate change, rising temperatures and the human activities that cause them have been removed recently from a Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources web page.
The revisions were caught by James Rowen, a former reporter and editor at the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel who now blogs about state politics. He said this isn't the first time Gov. Scott Walker and his administration deliberately carried out politicized changes to state-sponsored websites, and that it's a reflection of the "chamber of commerce mentality" coming from the state Capitol.
"I noticed that even though it's a website about the impact of climate change on Wisconsin and the Great Lakes, most of the references to climate change, as well as the specific words 'climate' and 'climate change,' were no longer on the page," Rowen said.
As recently as October, the heading of the web page read "Climate Change and Wisconsin's Great Lakes" in big, bold letters, and then went on to explain human activities are increasing greenhouse gases and contributing to the warming of the planet.
A screenshot taken Wednesday, Dec. 28 of the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources webpage in question and how it looked on Oct. 30, 2016, using the Wayback Machine web archive.
It also mentioned the string of record-high temperatures during the past decade and then listed the potential to negatively affect the state's lakes, plants and wildlife. Those effects included lower lake water levels, reduced habitat in wetland areas, decreased winter ice coverage and intensified weather events.
Additionally, it provided as many as eight links and academic citations to research on climate change and its impact on the Great Lakes region.
The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported the changes happened Dec. 21.
The heading of the same webpage now reads "The Great Lakes and a changing world" and has been shortened by a total of 205 words. Gone are links to research and any mention of "climate change." It states earth is going through a change, as it has throughout the centuries.
"The reasons for this change at this particular time in the earth's long history are being debated and researched by academic entities outside the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources," the webpage now states.
A screenshot of the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources webpage in question on Wednesday, Dec. 28.
Rowen said the changes were deliberate and widespread, not merely an update or tweak, and described them as, "Orwellian and propagandistic."
"The entire reality of climate change is removed and replaced with a few general sentences around the themes of the earth is going through a change, the reason for this change at this particular time are being debated. And so it raises doubt without stating a cause about the existence of climate change by simply editing out that content," Rowen said.
He said the changes reflect a larger alteration to the DNR's mission since being overseen by Walker appointee Cathy Stepp, a former Republican state senator who was an outspoken critic of the agency.
From the moment she was appointed, Stepp made many environmentalists nervous after she vowed to make it easier for companies to get environmental reviews and permits, and pledged to help with job creation, Rowen said.
"It lines up with other policies of the Walker administration to turn the role of the (state) Department of Natural Resources from a conservation and environmentally in-tune agency to what Walker described as the 'chamber-of-commerce mentality,' — that's his phrase — that he wanted atop the DNR through the selection of Cathy Stepp," Rowen said.
Rowen added the Walker administration has led a coordinated effort to "radically reduce" the DNR's budget by eliminating scientists to monitor state pollution standards and how shoreline development may affect local ecosystems.
DNR spokesman Jim Dick wrote in an email to The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel that the changes "reflects our position on this topic that we have communicated for years, that our agency regularly must respond to a variety of environmental and human stressors from drought, flooding, wind events to changing demographics.
"Our agency must be ready to respond to each of these challenges. Adaptation has been our position on this topic. As you know the causes and effects of any changes in climate are still being debated and research on the matter is being done in academic circles outside DNR," the email stated.
It was reported this week that Republican lawmakers are considering breaking up the DNR, scattering parks, forestry, environmental, hunting and fishing programs among three existing agencies and two new ones.
For a closer look at the changes to the webpage, visit Rowen's blog.
A mutated strain of Polio has made its way to Europe – asmedical authorities admit that the Polio vaccine program led by BillGates had ended up creating a more deadly strain of the disease.In 2011 Doctors in India reported that young children were being crippled in huge numbers after yournewswire.com/bill-gates-polio-vaccine-program-causes-475 – with 47,000 children crippled and permanently disabled as a direct result of the vaccine. wakingscience.com/2016/03/the-polio-vaccine-is-causing-the-n reports:Accordingto the Washington Post, polio has returned to Europe for the first timein five years – but now in a mutated form that even the mainstreammedia admits was caused by the vaccine itself. www.washingtonpost.com/news/to-your-health/wp/2015/09/02/out reports:Poliovirus has returned to Europe after a five year reprieve, paralyzing a4-year-old and 11-year-old in Ukraine, the World Health Organizationsaid Wednesday.The strain responsible, vaccine-derivedpoliovirus type 1 or cVDPV… is a rare, mutated form of the virus thatcomes from the vaccine itself. Oral polio vaccines contain a weakenedform of the virus that activates an immune response in the body so thatit builds up antibodies to protect itself. But it takes some time forthis to happen, and meanwhile the virus replicates in the intestines andcan be excreted by the person immunized and can spread to others in thecommunity.[…] the vaccine-virus cancirculate for long time, 12 months or longer, and genetically changeinto a more virulent form that can paralyze.Authoritieswith the World Health Organization (WHO) are concerned that there is ahigh risk this mutated strain will continue to spread in and aroundUkraine and to its neighbors in Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Hungarynear where the incidents occurred.Other confirmed cases ofvaccine-derived polio have been recently reported in India as well asMadagascar and South Sudan. This is a significant problem.Whatshould be particularly alarming – and upsetting – and telling – is thatoral polio vaccines were discontinued in the West more than 15 years agofor the very reason that the WHO and other authorities KNEW it wascausing vaccine-derived polio paralysis cases!They know that thisvaccine will – statistically anyway – harm some children and couldpotentially spawn outbreaks, but they use it anyway, supposedly becauseless developed regions are not equipped to handle refrigerated vaccinesthat don't contain the live virus. truthstreammedia.com/2013/07/19/bill-gates-knew-vaccination- reported back in 2013:Perhapsthe the worst part of this tragic backlash in what is meant to be acampaign to improve public health is that the Bill and Melinda GatesFoundation and the UN's World Health Organization knew that oral poliovaccines caused paralysis – but they thought the trade off was worth it.Afteryears of controversy in the United States, the use of oral poliovaccine (OPV) was discontinued in 2000 due to its proven link withvaccine-derived poliovirus (VDPV), and in the UK circa 2004.Theuse of an injected and inactivated polio vaccine (IPV) replaced itsusage in the Western world, while oral polio vaccine continues to beused in the developing world. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polio_vaccine#Iatrogenic_.28vaccine-in that the WHO “considers the benefits of vaccination to far outweigh the risk of vaccine derived polio.”
Consensus Ratings of Attachment Styles
A complete description of the consensus rating process used in our research program has been provided in previous reports (Pilkonis et al., 1995). A briefer summary of the procedure is included here. At intake, each participant was interviewed for a minimum of three 2-hour sessions by a single interviewer. Assessments included structured diagnostic interviews for Axis I (SCID-I; First, Gibbon, Spitzer, & Williams, 1995) and Axis II disorders (SCID-II; First, Spitzer, Gibbon, & Williams, 1997, and SIDP-IV, Pfohl, Blum, & Zimmerman, 1997), as well as a semistructured interview of social and developmental history (the Interpersonal Relations Assessment; Heape, Pilkonis, Lambert, & Proietti, 1989). Interviewers (n = 21) consisted of individuals with a minimum education level of a master's degree in psychology or social work. Interviewers were trained to administer assessments by the principal investigator (PAP) and senior research staff.
After the evaluations, the primary interviewer presented the case to a research team (at least three individuals were present) at a 2- to 3-hour diagnostic conference. All available data (historical and concurrent) were reviewed and discussed at the conference. Judges were given access to all interview data that had been collected, including current and lifetime Axis I information, symptomatic status, social and developmental history, life events, and personality features. Judges were blind to all data from self-report questionnaires.
In an effort to uncover facets of anxious and avoidant attachment, Pilkonis (1988) extracted from the clinical literature 88 descriptors of excessively dependent and excessively autonomous individuals (see also Schmidt, Nachtigall, Wuethrich-Martone, & Strauss, 2002; Strauss et al., 2006). Cluster analyses based on clinicians' ratings of these descriptors yielded a number of specific attachment prototypes. Facets of excessive autonomy or avoidant attachment were labeled (a) defensive separation (e.g., “Maintains strong personal boundaries, great stress is placed on defining her/himself as separate and different from others”), (b) emotional detachment (e.g., “Is somewhat oblivious to the effects of her/his actions on other people; is rather insensitive to other people's needs and wishes”), and (c) rigid control (e.g., “Keeps a stiff upper lip in the face of stress and problems; prefers not to discuss problems and feelings with others”).
For excessive preoccupation or anxious attachment, three subtypes emerged: (a) excessive dependency (e.g., “Tends to give up control to others, underestimates her/his own abilities and resources for coping”), (b) conflicted ambivalence (e.g., “Experiences anger (and even rage) over real (and perceived) deprivation”), and (c) compulsive care-giving (e.g., “Has close relationships, but always takes the role of giving care and not that of receiving it”). Also, a prototype of secure attachment (e.g., “Is able to both depend on others when appropriate and to have others depend on her/him when needed”) was included when initial work made it clear that low ratings on the insecure variants did not necessarily capture secure relatedness (Strauss, Lobo-Drost, & Pilkonis, 1999). Based on all information available to them, judges voted on the presence of discrete criteria (n = 88) for each attachment prototype. Next, judges provided an overall rating of how well the patient fit the overall pattern, ranging from 1 (Not at all to very little) to 5 (To a marked extent) for each of the seven global prototype ratings.
We conducted an exploratory factor analysis with maximum likelihood estimation and varimax rotation of attachment styles using the seven prototype global ratings. An examination of the scree plot and eigenvalues suggested that a two-factor solution was most appropriate. Our factor analysis captured the two dimensions traditionally assessed by attachment instruments—anxiety and avoidance (e.g., Brennan, Clark, & Shaver, 1998). The first factor, labeled Anxiety, was bound by high loadings of the conflicted ambivalence (.88) and secure (−.61) prototypes. Therefore, the higher an individual's score on the Anxiety factor, the higher their anxious attachment style. The second factor, Avoidance, was bound by high loadings of defensive separation (.81) and excessive dependency (−.66) prototypes. Thus, higher scores on the Avoidance factor reflect a more avoidant attachment style. For each participant, factor scores for these attachment styles were generated and used as predictors in the data analyses described below.
Means and standard deviations for the factor scores are provided in . Individual ratings on the seven prototype scores were converted into factor scores. Inter-rater reliability was then computed using these two factor scores (Anxiety and Avoidance). Inter-rater reliability analyses for the attachment prototype factor scores (n= 32) revealed fair to good convergence (Intraclass correlation coefficient [ICC] = .71 for the Anxiety factor; ICC = .62 for the Avoidance factor). We found good convergent validity between our factor scores of adult attachment and the Experiences of Close Relationships Scale-Revised (ECR-R; Fraley Waller, & Brennan, 2000) and the Attachment Q-Sort (Kobak, 1989), which were administered to a subset of this sample (ns = 89 and 129, respectively). The Anxiety factor score correlates .39 (p < .001) with informant reports from the anxiety subscale of the ECR-R, −.49 (p < .001) with the security score, and .47 (p < .001) with the preoccupied score from the Q-sort. The Avoidance factor correlates .26 (p < .05) with informant reports from the avoidant subscale of the ECR-R and .31 (p < .001) with the dismissive subscale of the Q-sort.
Interpersonal Problems The Inventory of Interpersonal Problems (IIP; Horowitz, Rosenberg, Baer, Ureno, & Villasenor, 1988) contains 127 items assessing difficulties in interpersonal relatedness. Items on the IIP are scored on a 5-point scale ranging from 0 (not at all) to 4 (extremely distressing). We calculated five scores—interpersonal sensitivity, interpersonal ambivalence, aggression, need for social approval, and lack of sociability— associated with personality disorders (see Pilkonis et al., 1996, for information on the development of these scales). The first three scales discriminate between patients with any personality disorder (PD) diagnosis versus no PD diagnosis. The fourth and fifth scales discriminate between patients with a Cluster C PD and all others. The first scale, interpersonal sensitivity, contains 11 items and includes items that suggest strong affectivity and reactivity: “I am too sensitive to rejection,” “It is hard for me to ignore criticism from other people,” and “I feel too anxious when I am involved with another person.” The second scale, interpersonal ambivalence, contains ten items that reflect content relating to struggling against others and an inability to join collaboratively in either work or love: “It is hard to accept another person's authority over me” or “It is hard to be supportive of another person's goals in life.” The third scale, aggression, contained seven items tapping into active, hostile behavior: “I argue with other people too much” and “I am too aggressive toward other people.” The fourth scale, need for social approval, has nine items that suggest chronic anxiety about the evaluation of others: “I try to please other people too much” or “I worry too much about disappointing other people.” The last scale, labeled lack of sociability, contains ten items that describe problems in socializing and distress in the presence of others: “It is hard to socialize with other people” or “It is hard to feel comfortable around other people.” Alpha coefficients (assessing internal consistency reliability) for each scale were computed and ranged from .85 to .92 for interpersonal ambivalence and lack of sociability, respectively. Means and standard deviations for the sub-scales are provided in . In the current study, the median correlation among the scales was .52. These scales were originally validated against clinical judgment of presence or absence of different types of personality pathology (see Pilkonis et al., 1996).
While I resent the implication that I took Mr. Jellig's remarks out of context–especially after asking him to explain the context–I am happy to provide the entire email, along with a second email in which he arrogates to himself the sole right of engaging in Twitter duels with his students. Concerned parents and other residents should be alarmed. Before presenting them, however, I would like to point out to FedUp129 the clear meaning of the sentence which he opens with the “desperate” hope–that's HOPE–that three things occur: That his children–he has four–are bullied at least once a year during their school careers, that they fail tests, and that, like their father apparently did, they sneak off to a hidden place in a public high school to drink an alcoholic beverage in violation of laws governing underage drinking; the liability of adults, including parents, who permit underage drinking, and drinking in a public property (See NJSA 2C:33-17). I find it repulsive and worrying that an adult entrusted with the care of children both professionally and personally would “desperately hope”–in a public writing–that his children endure bullying on multiple occasions throughout their school careers. Yes, of course, as a father and a school administrator, he did, in fact, say drinking on school grounds was OK. How else could anyone possibly describe his “desperate hope” that his own underage children engage in underage drinking in a school–unless he thought it was OK?
But here are the full texts of his emails to staff:
February 11, 2015
Colleagues-
I hope this finds you all well, and hopefully we all find ourselves on the back half of winter with warmer days ahead. I'll miss the snow as when it departs so too, I fear, will all the weather and traffic experts in our community whose sage advice I've come to count on. J
So we find ourselves approaching the beginning of assessment season. This is not new, but obviously the era has changed, and with it the stakes. It's disquieting, I know, and I assure you it's not where I would want our hearts and minds, but alas, it's our professional responsibility. I have been to 6 evening PARCC presentations at the school level and have been incredibly impressed with the manner in which the faculty and leadership team have explained the inner workings of PARCC, frankly more clearly than the DOE has explained them to us. But this is a prodigious undertaking, so it should be hard. Still, to see our teacher leaders presenting while other faculty attend to learn and support is extremely heartening. We anticipate over 99% of our students will assess, and we look forward to supporting them through this process and then coming to understand the data.
Lost amidst the many specious arguments leveraged against PARCC is a fundamental one, which is in effect: Is PARCC too difficult? I've seen sample questions and have poured through CCSS enough to
know that it is not for the faint of heart. However, I come back to a poignant question(s) one of you reminded me of, which is what's wrong with hard? What's wrong with some failure? Is adversity to be
scrubbed from the adolescent experience altogether? I often tell the BOE that the moment at which we stop seeing HIB transgressions is the moment we'll know we've stopped teaching and stopped
demanding. The moment our suspension rate hits 0 is the moment we stopped having a standard of decency. And the moment we stop assigning failing grades is the moment we stop having high expectations for our children. I want for our 9000 children, as well as my own, many opportunities to fall short, engage in a teachable moment with faculty/staff, reflect, and build towards something better. I desperately hope my children are bullied at least once a year through their K-12 experience, fail a few tests, and like their fallen father, sneak a Genesee Cream Ale under the basement steps in high school.
Because you and I are there to catch them, and we won't always be. This is the time to err, as the stakes are still low, and our target audience still attentive. So I commend you, even as I implore you- negate the drama and believe that whatever happens in March, on April 1st your students will have you, they'll have your relationship, and they'll have ample time to confront the horrors of a difficult test and grow, as they always do.
Tangential to this endeavor are the implications for you. I pledge to you all that we will continue to frame evaluation around growth and receptiveness to feedback. It's been a safe conversation long before I
arrived, and that will continue. The relatively small number of teachers affected by SGP, a relatively small part of our overall evaluation system, will be supported through this process as we support all our staff in their development as teachers, counselors, and advocates. Our first year with teacher efficacy numbers- I hope numerically ranking teachers never stops feeling awkward- proved that our evaluation system pre-Achieve NJ was sound, as little changed. And if you've been around long enough to see the latest,
greatest improvement to public education you know that those who embrace the hyperbole generally end up feeling a little sheepish in the end. This too shall pass, and how we comport through the storm will be part of our legacy, and a gift to our children. Fascinating article for your consideration below. Thanks for all you do.
http://www.wsj.com/articles/our-amazingly-plastic-brains-1423262095
Sincerely,
Dr. Jerry Jellig
Superintendent
South Brunswick School District
Apr 14th, 4:37pm
Email number 2 HS faculty- I hope you are well, and continued thanks for your efforts on behalf of our students. I was recently asked about Policy 3283: Electronic Communications Between Teaching Staff Members and Students. I suspect this is because of an exchange recently where a student criticized SBHS preparation for PARCC and included my address (@jerryjellig) in the comment. As I said to this precocious young man, I had 3 options- ignore him, embarrass him with facts, or open a dialogue, and as is my preference I asked him and his friends to sit down and talk to me. This will be tomorrow over B lunch. 4 d of this policy absolutely permits this kind of exchange, but let me come back to that. This policy, written by the state with minor edits permitted by our own board, is about primarily 3 things: First, cell phones are dangerous, and have cost too many teachers their jobs. It seeks to end any and all private texting between teachers and children. Second, it is about the elimination of non-academic conversation between teachers and students that occurs through digital mediums. And third, it is about the elimination of social media misuse- not use- between students and teachers, specifically requiring we not friend, follow, or connect with children. Reasonable people can disagree, but I'm fine with all of that and only embarrassed that some members of our vocation made it necessary through their actions. Back to 4 d, my bar is lower than yours, as I give myself permission as I am not attached to a school. For SBHS, Peter or his designee will have to meet with SB faculty and agree on which social media sites are permissible. By my actions, you can assume I endorse Twitter, which I'm on perhaps twice a week for 10 minutes, but has become the sturdiest tool utilized by Penn faculty and students to share, disseminate and discuss ideas. So the whole notion that we would ever want to restrict your use of serious digital vehicles to publically and academically communicate with students is an affront to our profession. I happen to believe that within 5 years 50% of your communication with students will happen digitally. That said, I would counsel that you are candid with your students- “I won't follow you, don't message me, and our Twitter conversations are to be kept separate from your Twitter conversations with friends”- if you haven't seen these they would make a sailor blush. And with Twitter I probably prefer responding to initiating, but I can see where from your seat that might require more flexibility. So please meet with Peter if interested in opening this dialogue regarding this and other mediums, and thanks for communicating with kids in all ways, as they need you. Best, Jerry Sincerely, Dr. Jerry Jellig Superintendent South Brunswick School District
Licensed under creative commons 2.0. (Photo: Flickr/Clint Gardner) The funding gap between Colorado schools and the national average has continued to grow, according to the The funding gap between Colorado schools and the national average has continued to grow, according to the Colorado School Finance Project
the mid-90s, the state spent about $500 less per student than the national average. B y 2011-12, the gap measured Duringmid-90s, the state spent about $500 less per student than the national average. B between $1,800 and $2,800 , depending on which database is used.
"It's not a question of does Colorado have the capacity or the resources," said Tracie Rainey of CSFP. "It's policy decisions that have been made that have put other parts of state government head of K-12."
Colorado lawmakers allocated $500 million more into education programs last year, which is not reflected in CSFP's analysis. And Gov. John Hickenlooper has proposed a one-time increase for the next budget year of $200 million above the minimum budget required to operate schools.
Image copyright Hillsborough Police Department Image caption Officers Keith Bradshaw and Candace Spragins bought food for the suspect
When police officers in North Carolina responded to a report of theft at a local supermarket, they found a mother struggling to afford to feed her family.
The woman suspected of stealing from the Food Lion supermarket in Hillsborough, North Carolina had been without food for three days.
In a post on Facebook, the Hillsborough Police Department stated Senior Corporal Keith Bradshaw and Officer First Class Candace Spragins "located the offender at her residence, where she gave back the $36 (£29) worth of food that she stole for her and her child.
"This was not a crime out of greed but one seen as necessary by a mother trying to feed a child."
You may also like:
Speaking to the BBC, Lieutenant Andy Simmonds, who posted the officer's story to Facebook, said, "Corporal Bradshaw looked inside the fridge and saw that it was bare."
Reading from the police report of the incident, Lt Simmonds continued: "The woman and her family had gone without food for three days."
Image copyright Google Image caption The supermarket the suspect is accused of stealing from
The officers decided to take action to alleviate the woman's circumstances.
Lt Simmonds explained: "While the suspect was in front of the magistrate, the officers went to the grocery store and spent $140 (£107) of their own money on food for her family. Then they drove her home with the groceries."
Speaking to local media station WRAL, the suspect said: "I had to go out and steal food, and that's desperate, and I'm sorry for doing what I did but my kids were hungry."
Lt Simmonds told the BBC: "I decided to post this story to Facebook because good deeds need to be seen."
Image copyright Hillsborough Police Department Image caption Hillsborough Police Department posted the story to Facebook
The post has gained 2,000 reactions, with the majority of comments praising the officers for their "kindness" and "compassion".
"As police officers we come into contact with people when they are vulnerable," said Lieutenant Simmonds. "We often buy people meals or gas. This is what policing is about in 2017. It has to be about partnership."
The Hillsborough Police Department confirmed the woman was charged with theft, and she is currently awaiting a court date.
By George Pierpoint, UGC and Social News
During the time of the siege, Ahmed, a very young child in Gaza, left his home with his family because it was located very close to a big mosque that people had heard was going to be bombed. Later, while he was playing football, he was bombed by an Israeli F-16, separating his body into very small pieces. Ahmed escaped from his destiny to his destiny.
During the time of the siege, Zyneb, a youth in her twenties, was prevented from leaving Gaza to receive medical attention. Due to that, she passed away and was the first victim of the siege. She left her family, husband, and many friends, all who loved her. After she passed away, one of the Israeli soldiers who worked hard to prevent her from leaving, asked her father, as he was carrying her dead body, “Why do you cry? All of us will die!"
During the time of the siege, Salah, a very clever youth who was forced to leave school to work in one of Rafah's tunnels in order to provide food for his family, was suffocated under the sand of a destroyed tunnel. He joined the list of 150 people who died inside the tunnels while they were “smuggling” food and medicine to their besieged people.
During the time of the siege, Fadel, a very handsome journalist was killed while he was covering an Israeli attack on Gaza, carrying only his camera. He joined the list of dozens of journalists who were killed by the same means, and maybe even by the same soldiers.
During the time of the siege, Abed, a new high school graduate was prevented from leaving Gaza to attend a university outside. He lost his opportunity to continue his education like students do all over the world.
During the time of the siege, Islamic University of Gaza was attacked, but its academic staff and students were determined to continue to reach their goal of conveying their eternal message to the whole world. They showed the world that determination could be enough to change the face of history.
During the time of the siege, China marked the anniversary of 70 years of continuous electricity without cutting off, while in Gaza, electricity goes off daily. This threatens the life of hundreds of patients at hospitals, and the hopes of hundreds of students who wish to find light to read in order to get out of ignorance.
During the time of the siege, people created everything from nothing, built high buildings from the remains of destruction and sang for peace and love. During that time, students were looking for pens to write, while patients were busy looking for medicine to aid a speedy recovery.
During the time of the siege, people used corn oil to run cars, wood to cook, candles to read, mud to build, tents to learn, Zinc to cover the remains of homes, and hope to live.
During the time of the siege, Gaza was turned into an open air prison, walls were built to prevent the shine of the sun, tanks were on the borders prepared to shell, and soldiers observed the hungry and sick people inside but still prevented them from getting their food and medicine, much in the same way they prevented them from getting their freedom.
During the time of the siege, thousands of Palestinian prisoners were prevented from seeing their families for years, and yet no one talked about them, while the whole world was engaged in Gilad Shalit, thinking of creative ways to release him. During that time, Shalit realized what spending 33 years in prison means and his family shared just a part of what the suffering of the Palestinian people feels like.
During the time of the siege, hundreds of peace activists tried to break the siege of Gaza. Many of them succeeded at their task, while many others were prevented from getting into the Gaza Strip, sometimes by governments refusing their entry and other times by navy soldiers, armed to the teeth, killing nine of them in international waters.
During the time of the siege, people became more aware of what was going on. They learned who was right and who was wrong, who were the victims and who were the victimizers, who were the occupiers, who were the occupied and who was defending and who was attacking.
During the time of the siege, Gaza became the most famous city in the world; however, it's the smallest part of it. The city wrote verses of glory upon history walls, stories of steadfastness and sent glimpses of hope and messages of peace to the rest of the world, which exerted no effort to harm her.
Yousef M. Aljamal is a senior student at the Islamic University of Gaza. His sister was one of the victims of the siege he describes above. She passed away June 18, 2007 after being prevented from leaving Gaza to receive medical attention. All of the stories told above are stories Aljamal himself has witnessed.
Scientists have long wondered how an extinct goat that once lived on barren Mediterranean islands could survive in such a harsh environment. Now they know: In a first-of-its-kind trick for the mammal kingdom, this goat lived like a lizard.
Myotragus balearicus skeletons were made from lamellar-zonal bone, which is textured like the growth rings of trees, according to a fossil analysis published Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science. It's found only in creatures that can't regulate their body temperature internally, such as amphibians and reptiles.
These animals slow their metabolism when food is scarce or temperatures are cold, and speed up during times of plenty. The presence of this pattern in Myotragus suggests that the goat "grew unlike any other mammal but similar to crocodiles at slow and flexible rates," wrote the study's authors.
The odd goat's on-the-fly metabolic adjustment was probably an evolutionary leftover from when mammals first split from dinosaurs, and hadn't yet developed the relatively steady, fast-paced metabolic rates they now possess.
Myotragus also had an extremely tiny, energy-efficient brain. For most of the last 6 million years, these adaptations made it well-suited for existence on the arid, nutrient-starved islands of Majorca and Minorca, where it had no predators. But they were also the downfall: When humans arrived on the islands 5,000 years ago, they had no trouble hunting the sluggish goat to extinction.
Images: 1) A Myotragus reconstruction/Wikipedia. 2) Myotragus' *lamellar-zonal tissue structure/*PNAS.
See Also:
Citation: "Physiological and life history strategies of a fossil large mammal in a resource-limited environment." By Meike Kohler and Salvador Moya. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Vol. 106, No. 46, Nov. 16, 2009.
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes; Wired Science on Twitter. Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points.
THE shocked mother of celebrity Zoe Ball says she could have been killed when a live firework tore through her car late at night.
Julia Peckham, 68, was driving her convertible BMW through Civic Way in Burgess Hill at 10.10pm on Tuesday night when terror struck.
She says she was lucky to have avoided serious injury and is now warning everyone to be on their guard for the annual celebrations.
At least 35,000 people are expected to pour into Lewes Bonfire tonight for the annual revelry.
Armed police will be on the streets to reassure the public amid controversy that trains have been cancelled for a number of hours to limit the number of visitors.
Emergency services had feared around 60,000 might turn up but they are keen to reduce that figure by up to half.
Other displays are taking place around this weekend.
Ms Peckham told of her horror when the rocket hit her.
She said: “The first I knew what was happening came when there was a sudden bang.
“A six-inch cone-shaped rocket was on its way down and it came through the roof of my car.
“It hit my shoulder and I could feel the flames.
“It fell in between mine and the passenger's seat.
“I slammed on the brakes and stopped immediately.
“I quickly smothered it so I knew it was out.
“Then I threw it out of the car.”
Ms Peckham suffered a small mark on her cheek and some of her hair was burnt along with her coat.
But she says it could have been much worse.
She said: “I could have crashed the car and caused an accident or worse still the rocket could have seriously injured me.
“I spoke to my insurance company and they say they had never received a claim like this before.
“I want it to serve as a warning to other motorists.
“It really could have been a lot worse so I must count myself lucky.
“The rocket was obviously on its way down at the time and it must have been at some speed to come through the roof of the car.
“I am relieved that I managed to stamp out the flame almost immediately.”
Ms Peckham says she was on her way home from panto rehearsals at the time of the drama.
People are urged to stay safe at events taking place this weekend which are set to attract thousands.
The Family Firework Spectacular will once again be held at the Nevill Recreation Ground in Hove today. Gates will open at 5pm ready for the fireworks display at 7pm.
Brighton Racecourse will host the Brighton Lions Fireworks Night on Sunday. Doors open at 6pm ready for the fireworks at 7.30pm.
Sussex Cricket's Fireworks Night will be held at the County Ground in Hove on Sunday, with gates opening at 6pm and the display starting at 7.30pm.
Game theory uses deceptively simple challenges to provide insights into human decision making and cooperation. Many of the challenges force players to choose between (for example) taking a small but guaranteed payoff or a big payoff that will be lost unless another individual cooperates. The games themselves are often simple enough that they can be adapted to work with other primates so that researchers can determine which human behaviors are shared with our closer relatives. But that adaptation can significantly change the appearance of the game, raising questions about whether the results are actually comparable. So, to avoid this problem, a group of researchers attempted to test humans and primates using a single game that was largely the same for all species tested.
The game they used is technically called the assurance game, but is also known as the "stag hunt" by researchers. Participants are given a choice: they can take a small reward that's guaranteed (a rabbit), or risk choosing a big reward (the stag) that can only be obtained if a partner has chosen the stag as well. In the case of the primates (chimps, capuchins, and humans), the hunted animals were replaced by different quantities of money or food, depending on whether the primate was human.
To even things out as much as possible, the authors replaced the rabbit and stag with different colored poker chips. To avoid letting the humans' ability with language give them an unfair advantage, the participants were given minimal instructions—nothing about the rules of the game, and only a brief mention of what to expect once they sat down; the primates weren't trained on the game, either. The primates, in contrast, had extensive experience with being used in tests that ended with them getting a reward. To keep that from influencing the results, the humans were recruited from among a pool of college students that had previously been involved in economics experiments.
In a lot of ways, this does help to even out matters. But it also changes what the game's all about. When you know the rules, it's a simple test of cooperation and risk/reward (will both individuals risk the stag for a big payoff). Without them, all the primates need to perform an organized set of experiments to identify the pattern of behavior that gives them the biggest reward. Only then can issue of risk and trust come into play.
The authors expected to see differences among the species, and they did, but the differences suggested there was a lot more going on than simple mental horsepower. The capuchins are the most evolutionarily distant from humans, and they did worst from the perspective of maximizing returns: only one of the six pairs of partners chose the high-reward combination more often than they would by chance. But, individually, they made nonrandom choices. One capuchin seemed to like the "stag" chip and used it repeatedly; another switched its pattern when they switched it to a new partner. That last bit could be rather significant, since other primates have social hierarchies that they'd be aware of, which wouldn't apply to college students who don't know each other.
The chimps used in the work came from two different research centers, and exhibited what might be called cultural differences. At one center, most pairs tended to consistently pick matching or anti-matching chips, even after they saw the high reward provided by matching the right kind of chip. At a different center, two pairs of chimps (of four tested) quickly settled into the pattern that gave them a big payoff. But these had been used in cooperative experiments in the past, and might be more inclined to understand what was going on. In another pair, one individual consistently played stag, but got undercut by her partner choosing randomly.
Those of you expecting the humans to show their fellow primates how to play the game: prepare for some disappointment. Less than 20 percent of the human pairings managed to consistently get a high payoff. In contrast, 30 percent never managed to do that. Like some of the primates, most of the students picked a color and stayed loyal to it, and some of the pairings consistently matched their chips, even if it only ensured a low-payoff. Overall, most of the participants seem to have failed to understand the rules of the game, or simply couldn't be bothered enough to do so.
Overall, humans did better than chimps, and chimps than capuchins. But it's not as if the humans blew away the competition, and some pairings of the other species seemed to figure the rules out and work with them. Thus, the result seems to suggest that the mental capacity to figure out the rules of the game might be a spectrum. Humans may be at one end, but they haven't made a radical departure in ability compared to their primate peers.
Despite the best efforts of the authors to equalize cross-species influences, it's not clear that the results are free of individual peculiarities and, at least outside of the humans, social influences. The primates raised here share housing and are part of the same social group. Those same things tend to apply to college students, but the typical college class is much larger and (probably) less hierarchical than a primate social group. It's also impossible to tell whether any of the participants simply didn't care about the rewards enough to learn the rules of the game, or play it to maximize rewards if they did. The fact that you can't distinguish these two possibilities also limits the conclusions you can draw from the work.
Overall, it's an interesting first effort, but a much larger study would seem to be needed before any conclusions can really be extracted from the data. In the end, the value of the paper may be in simply highlighting the limitations we face when making cross-species comparisons of behavior.
PNAS, 2011. DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1016269108 (About DOIs).
At least 75 people in northern China have died or gone missing since Monday in some of the worst flooding in years, the government said Thursday.
Tourists stand in front of the Tiananmen Gate and a giant portrait of Chinese late Chairman Mao Zedong on a day of heavy rain in Beijing on Wednesday. (Thomas Peter/Reuters)
The figures released by the Civil Affairs Ministry come amid continuing heavy downpours that have caused havoc across usually dry regions, including the capital Beijing. Already, 576 people have been recorded as dead or missing nationwide in the first half of the year.
Taxis were among the many affected by heavy rainfall in Beijing on Wednesday. Beijing's main international airport saw more than 200 flight cancellations, and a handful of subway stations were also closed. High-speed rail services were delayed as well. (Jason Lee/Reuters)
Beijing has been hit by constant rain since Tuesday that has forced the cancellation of hundreds of flights and trains and flooded city streets. The rain has also threatened embankments along rivers in central China, with authorities mobilizing troops and heavy equipment to fill the gaps.
A food deliveryman rides through a flooded street in Beijing on Wednesday. The city's hot summers often see a lot of rain. Over 35 people were killed in 2012 due to excessive rainfall. (Jason Lee/Reuters)
Tens of thousands have been evacuated from flood-hit areas, and direct economic losses have risen into the hundreds of millions of dollars. President Xi Jinping on Wednesday warned the country to be prepared for more hardship to come and said officials found negligent in their duties would be severely punished.
Armed police officers and fire workers transfer trapped villagers at Nanshi Village on Wednesday in Xingtai, Hebei Province of China. (VCG/Getty)
China's south has also been hit by floods that strike annually during the monsoon season that began in May, but this rainy season has been particularly wet. Water levels in some major rivers have exceeded those of 1998, when the worst floods in recent years killed 4,150 people, most of them along the Yangtze River, China's mightiest.
Two citizens hold umbrellas while driving a electric tricycle on flooded street on Wednesday in Beijing. Average precipitation in China's capital Beijing has reached to 67.4 millimetres by Wednesday morning. (VCG/Getty)
Authorities this year have already taken emergency measures, including discharging water from the Three Gorges Dam on the Yangtze.
A car breaks down in deep ponding on Thursday in Beijing. Beijing's Meteorological Center has issued an orange alert for heavy rain. (VCG/Getty)
Several cities and regions have been severely affected by the heavy rainfall.The Hebei Provincial Meteorological Bureau issued a red rainstorm alert on Wednesday morning, while Beijing's Meteorological Center issued an orange alert.
I spent May 27 through June 3 in Libya, and flew out of Tripoli airport to Cairo a day before a small Tarhouna militia came there to demonstrate against the disappearance of its leader. Despite that close call, I came back optimistic about Libya over-all. The Tarhouna demonstration was dealt with efficiently by the new Libyan army, which took control of the airport weeks ago, and there is every reason to believe that it will reopen shortly. When I flew in and out of the Tripoli airport, there were no militiamen there, just regular army and police (who have distinctive red-marked vehicles). There are also now regular flights from Cairo, e.g., to provincial cities like Misrata.
There is a kind of black legend about Libya, that it has become a failed state and is a mess, that there are armed militiamen everywhere, that everybody is a secessionist, that the transitional government is not doing anything, that people of subsaharan African heritage are bothered in the streets, etc., etc. The black legend is promoted in part by remnants of the Qaddafi regime and his admirers in the West, in part by overly anxious middle class Libyans navigating an admittedly difficult transition, in part by media editors looking for a dramatic story.
Henry Kissinger, in his recent op-ed against intervention in Syria, listed the erasure of the Libyan state as an argument against such interventions. I read the allegation with disbelief. Libya is not like Somalia! It isn't even like Yemen. (The Libyans I talked to about Yemen sympathized with the country's problems but were astonished to hear that some Western observers looked a their situations as similar!)
So imagine my surprise on visits to Benghazi, Misrata and Tripoli, to find that there were no militiamen to be seen, that most things were functioning normally, that there were police at traffic intersections, that there were children's carnivals open till late, families out, that jewelry shops were open till 8 pm, that Arabs and Africans were working side by side, and that people were proud in Benghazi of having demonstrated against calls for decentralizing the country.
As someone who has lived in conflict situations, I take as a very serious gauge of security whether shops are open and how late they stay open. Jewelry shops in particular are easily looted, and the loot is light and easy to fence. But in Tripoli there were loads of gold in rows of jewelry shops, along with clothing stores newly stocked with Italian fashions. Shopkeepers I interviewed were fully stocked, confident and glad to finally be rid of Qaddafi's erratic governance, under which they were never sure if they would make a profit because policies changed frequently.
I caught a little celebration by recently graduated Libyan police at Martyr's Square in Tripoli last week:
And here is a little set of carnival rides near Martyr's Square in the capital:
And, shopping:
Life is pretty normal. I talked to a Libyan of African heritage who had worked in Germany 14 years and recently had returned. He said he is *much* happier in Libya, even though he is working two jobs (one of them teaching Arabic). A friend of mine is organizing a music festival in the capital. People are gearing up for the election of the National Congress, which will draft a new constitution and gradually create a new government.
Cities unhappy with the foot-dragging of the transitional national government have simply staged their own municipal elections. Benghazi just held its successfully, and Misrata did this months ago. I met the husband of a newly-minted female city council member in Benghazi; she was the number one vote-getter among the candidates that ran, and may chair the council. The municipal governments have the legitimacy of the ballot box and are beginning to address local problems.
So if you aren't in danger of being mugged at night in Tripoli or Benghazi, are there other problems? Sure, loads of them. While I was there the dockworkers went on strike at Tripoli to complain about the poor management of the port. Then, in an oil state, money flows to municipalities rather than cities raising money through taxes, and the transitional government still isn't very good about remitting the money. There is a human rights situation that needs to be addressed in the small town of Tawergha, the militias of which committed war crimes on behalf of Gaddafi; Tawergha has been cleared of its inhabitants, and they need to be allowed to return to their homes. And while security on the whole is fine for individuals in the big northern cities, it probably is still not entirely satisfactory for new investors bringing in expensive equipment to places like Benghazi (though BP has decided to get back into Libya). You have occasional moments of militia protest like the one yesterday at the airport in Tripoli.
But I was struck at the air of normality everywhere I went, and by the obvious comfort people had in circulating, selling and going about their lives. There are no bombings, there is no civil war, there is no serious secessionism. One man told me that the biggest change is that people are no longer afraid. They had been captive of the revolutionary committees and the secret police. And that end of political fear, the Libyans I talked to insisted, made the uncertainties of this transitional period all worthwhile.
I went to Libya expecting to find people nervous about going out, expecting to find a lot of shops shuttered, and expecting to be stopped at militia checkpoints (which was common in Beirut in the late 1970s when I lived there in the first years of the Civil War). Maybe such things exist in smaller provincial cities that I didn't visit, like Gadames in the South. I don't know. In the urban north, I found a society actively reconstructing itself where people clearly were going about their ordinary lives, where stores were open and people were sitting in sidewalk cafes, where there were no militiamen on the streets, no checkpoints, and where there were actually traffic cops directing traffic.
So while I wouldn't want to minimize what difficulties remain, and while I am aware that a week on the ground won't reveal all the society's problems, I can say with certainty that the image found in the Western press of the place is far more negative than what I saw with my own eyes and what I heard from locals in Arabic-language conversations.
And I can say categorically that Henry Kissinger is wrong about Libya.
The Young File
Class: 2017
2017 Size: 6-5/225
6-5/225 Pos: DE
DE School: DeMatha Catholic (Hyattsville, MD)
DeMatha Catholic (Hyattsville, MD) Composite Rating: ★★★★
★★★★ Composite Rank: 3 (WSDE)
The Buckeyes signed a pair of the nation's top defensive ends a few months ago. At Friday Night Lights, they've added one of the country's best to their already top-ranked 2017 recruiting class.
Chase Young, who hails from Maryland's powerhouse DeMatha Catholic program, has committed to Ohio State.
For the last couple months – and especially during the spring – the 6-foot-5, 225-pounder has spent a significant amount of time in Columbus as well as nearby College Park. The Buckeyes had previously been mentioned as a contender for Young, but there really wasn't a lot of chatter until after he made the trip to campus during the first week of April for the Student Appreciation Day festivities.
I am 100% committed to hio state Buckeyes. Thank you to all who supported me.#blessup pic.twitter.com/zD01aRliWa — Chase Young (@youngchase907) July 23, 2016
As for the Terps, many pegged them as the team to beat. The nation's No. 3 weak-side defensive end has been to the campus at least four times dating back to February, often making the trip with a number of DeMatha teammates. Young was most recently on Maryland's campus in mid-June.
It's no surprise really, but Young has developed a tremendous relationship with the Buckeyes' ace DMV recruiter, defensive line coach Larry Johnson. Credit also has to be given to two recent signees, Dwayne Haskins and Keandre Jones.
#BuckeyeNation follow the best defensive end in 2017. Imagine him and @nbsmallerbear on the edge, problems .. https://t.co/gRAGzEmlIt — Dwayne Haskins, Jr. (@dh_simba7) April 3, 2016
Young holds offers from pretty much every school you would imagine for one of the nation's top prospects. Alabama, Florida State, Clemson, LSU, and USC just to name a few. He was in Tuscaloosa checking out the Crimson Tide less than a week ago.
Young is the 15th commitment for the 2017 class and the first defensive end to hop on board. Given the depth at the position, there is a chance that he could be the lone edge-rusher in the class.
Eleven Warriors will have more on Chase Young's commitment soon.
Cue the creepy music; ignore the blazing sunshine. Ring the bell to an unassuming suburban home, hedges neatly trimmed. Spot, out of the corner of your eye, a small sign hidden in the ivy. “Bleak House,” it says.
The door swings open and there, surrounded by blood-red walls, is a hellhound with four hooded eyes and gaping fangs. The head of Frankenstein's monster floats, disembodied and huge, a story above it. Peering at you from the living room, his fingers paging through a book, is the early-20th-century horror novelist H.­P. Lovecraft. On a Victorian sofa, a demented doll stares down a bronze gargantua, Uncle Creepy and Cousin Eerie.
Welcome to Guillermo del Toro's imagination.
Bleak House is what Mr. del Toro, the Mexican filmmaker known for the terrifying fantasy of “Pan's Labyrinth” and American action-horror series like “Hellboy,” christened this pad, which serves as repository and inspiration. He writes there, and when he is in production, a handful of designers work in the repurposed garage. “We draw, draw, draw,” he said, every frame as detailed as animation.
There are reference libraries for the occult, horror, fairy tales (in a secret room, behind a bookcase), history, Teutonic mythology, anatomy and Gothic romance. That last genre inspired “Crimson Peak,” his film out on Friday, Oct. 16, which centers on a haunted house. He and his team designed it, from the oozing basement to the faces hidden in the woodwork. It stars Mia Wasikowska as a young bride, Tom Hiddleston as her mysterious husband and Jessica Chastain as his sister. “I love the idea that when Gothic romance started, they used to call it ‘a pleasing terror,'­­” said Mr. del Toro, who wrote the screenplay with Matthew Robbins.
“Guillermo has an imagination perhaps more precise and rigorous than any director I've worked with,” Mr. Hiddleston said. He “finds beauty in the shadows.”
Mr. del Toro of course believes in ghosts, and if any spirit invades his space, it is that of Forrest J Ackerman, a horror and science-fiction writer whom Mr. del Toro began reading as a child. They became friends in Los Angeles, talking shop over desserts at the House of Pies. “This house is basically a response to his house,” another fright mansion, Mr. del Toro said.
There are more than 700 pieces of original art in Bleak House, from R. Crumb and H.­R. Giger works to concept sketches for Disney's “Fantasia” and “Sleeping Beauty,” all of it chosen and carefully placed by Mr. del Toro. It's less a man cave than a preteen fantasy, with crucifixion scenes and skeletons wedged beside beyond-cute figurines from Miyazaki movies. Schlitzie the Pinhead and Koo Koo the Bird Girl, made famous by the cult 1932 movie “Freaks,” are recreated life-size here; so are the visions of Charles Altamont Doyle, Arthur Conan Doyle's father. “He used to see fairies, so Conan Doyle had him committed,” Mr. del Toro said. “I have one of his last portraits from the asylum.”
“What's inside this coffin?” and “What are all these large body parts here?” are questions that roll off the tongue at Bleak House. The cable guy fled.
Mr. del Toro, 51, doesn't live here, or in Bleak House 2 next door; his wife and daughters find them too scary, so they live nearby, in an un-Frankensteined home. But for him, these places are a refuge, and when his family isn't around, he digs in.
“If we walk through the two houses, you would see not only the movies I've done, but the movies I'm going to do,” he said, adding, “It's everything I accumulated in my head as a young man, and it's been coming out, slowly.” (Half of his paychecks go toward collecting.)
Among his treasures is a trove of Alfred Hitchcock memorabilia, another hero. “I think what I love is, what he talked about made you want to make movies,” he said.
Mr. del Toro's fan-boyness can be equally contagious. “I will go fast,” he said, as he gave a tour of Bleak House recently, “because if you're not completely geeky, you can get bored very fast.” Two hours later, I was still not bored. Below, a few highlights.
According to a recent Washington Post study, approximately 20% of U.S. soldiers returning from Iraq and Afghanistan are psychologically damaged. Among them are a substantial number with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and the high rate of suicide among PTSD sufferers has become unacceptable to Army commanders and the soldiers' families.
Thanks to new research from Tel Aviv University, however, doctors will now be able to forecast a soldier's chances of falling prey to PTSD, with the chance of intervening to prevent military-related suicides.
Prof. Talma Hendler of TAU's Department of Psychology and Psychiatry and the founding director of the Tel Aviv Functional Brain Center has developed a new predictive tool for detecting at-risk soldiers. The tool will permit clinicians to diagnose and treat these soldiers immediately before the stressors of combat lead to chronic psychological problems. Studying a group of 50 Israeli soldiers — trained medics who experienced extreme stress in live combat zones — Prof. Hendler and her graduate student Roee Admon in collaboration with Col. Dr. Gad Lubin from the Israel Defense Forces were able to predict which soldiers would develop significant increases in stress symptoms such as mood decline, intrusive thoughts, and sleep disturbance.
This May, Prof. Hendler was given a special award from the U.S. Army Commanding General of Medical Research for her advances. The research was published in the August issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science.
Metering and monitoring stress with an fMRI
Prof. Hendler's research shows functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) can be used to forecast which soldiers might be vulnerable to stress psychopathology in the future. The non-invasive imaging method records the brain activity of military personnel before they enter active duty. Using this baseline as a reference, the researchers can predict which soldier is more prone to exhibit after exposure combat-related stress symptoms — symptoms that can trigger PTSD or major depression.
The TAU researchers measured the levels of "stress symptoms" twice: first when the soldiers were drafted, then again a year-and-a-half later, during their active duty in combat units. The soldiers were also asked a series of questions evaluating their experience in the army. With this data, researchers developed predictive brain measurements for whether or not a soldier would develop stress.
Having such an early biological marker, says Prof. Hendler, means that diagnosis and treatment can begin immediately following exposure to situational trauma. It is the first fMRI-based study in the world to measure brain activation under stress over a long period of time with respect to prior to stress.
Catching a soldier before he falls
"Looking at the part of the brain called the amygdala, we were able to predict how many stress symptoms of PTSD an individual soldier would develop," says Prof. Hendler. She notes that other brain activity was modified by the stress giving indications of the appropriate intensity and approach of treatment after the stress and trauma set in. Prof. Hendler is currently planning a larger study in this direction.
While Prof. Hendler doesn't believe that the fMRI should be used prejudicially to weed soldiers from certain units, she says that it does give specialists a new set of clues as to how to treat soldiers early and effectively, decreasing the rates of military suicide. This field of science is applied in a growing specialty known as "personalized medicine."
"This tool can help provide tailored therapy to the afflicted and at a very early stage could identify the extreme cases that might otherwise go unnoticed, says Prof. Hendler.
Suspected monkeypox outbreak reported in DRC
At least 20 suspected monkeypox cases have been reported since the beginning of the week in Tshuapa district, Democratic Republic of the Congo, according to a Radio Okapi report today (computer translated).
Sources say that 18 of the suspect cases are hospitalized at a hospital in the town of Ikela. Despite not being laboratory confirmed, the Chief Health officer in the Mbamba health area, Dr Jean-Pierre Inonga said they are calling the cases monkeypox based of several telltale symptoms presented– fever, scabs and generalized skin rash .
Confirmation testing is being performed at the National Institute of Biomedical Research (INRB) in Kinshasa as of this writing.
The resurgence of the viral disease is believed to be due to consumption of game animals found dead in the forest by the public.
Monkeypox is a relatively rare disease caused by the virus with the same name, which is found primarily in central and western Africa.
It is closely related to the smallpox virus (variola), the virus used in the smallpox vaccine (vaccinia), and the cowpox virus.
Infection with monkeypox is not as serious as its cousin, smallpox; however, human deaths have been attributed to monkeypox.
According to the CDC, the symptoms of monkeypox are as follows: About 12 days after people are infected with the virus, they will get a fever, headache, muscle aches, and backache; their lymph nodes will swell; and they will feel tired. One to 3 days (or longer) after the fever starts, they will get a rash. This rash develops into raised bumps filled with fluid and often starts on the face and spreads, but it can start on other parts of the body too. The bumps go through several stages before they get crusty, scab over, and fall off. The illness usually lasts for 2 to 4 weeks.
Rodents, such as rope squirrels, door mice and pouched rats, are the suspected reservoir hosts, with monkeys and humans as secondary, spill-over hosts.
People at risk for monkeypox are those who get bitten by an infected animal or if you have contact with the animal's rash, blood or body fluids. It can also be transmitted person to person through respiratory or direct contact and contact with contaminated bedding or clothing.
There is no specific treatment for monkeypox.
Robert Herriman is a microbiologist and the Editor-in-Chief of Outbreak News Today and the Executive Editor of The Global Dispatch
Follow @bactiman63
Related:
Twelve hours. That's all I want. But apparently that's too much to ask for these internationally celebrated hotshots.
1. Charles K. Kao
Advertisement
Charles is a really good scientist who won a Nobel Prize for physics, and I know that if there's anyone who can understand the importance of my microwave ideas, it's him. But when I asked him to come to my house for just a quick visit—12, 13 hours, tops—to discuss using his physics skills to bring some of my microwave ideas to fruition, he claimed that “the demands of [his] schedule won't permit it at the present time.” Sheesh, sorry, your majesty. A simple “no” would've worked. Of course, if he wants to pass on my idea for an eco-friendly microwave that saves energy by spinning super fast to generate heat—an idea that would pretty much guarantee him a second Nobel Prize—that's his loss.
2. Richard F. Heck
Advertisement
Now here's an egomaniac who's got his head so far up his Nobel Prize-winning ass that he can't even smell the future of home appliances when it shows up right on his goddamn answering machine. I just wanted 700 brief minutes of his time to discuss my idea for a microwave that only heats up the meat on your leftover sandwiches (thus preventing the lettuce and tomatoes from getting hot and soggy), but he couldn't be bothered to return any of the 11 messages I left. And it's like, look, buddy, I've got the vision and you've got the know-how, so why don't we change the world together? But I guess he's too busy getting high off his own self-satisfaction up in his ivory tower.
3. François Englert
Advertisement
All I wanted was for François to fly over from Belgium for a Saturday to go over my plans for a microwave that is 70 percent more intuitive and 15 percent hotter than existing models. But, somehow, the genius who discovered the Higgs mechanism wasn't quite smart enough to recognize a world-changing idea when it was handed to him on a silver platter. Or, actually, I bet he realized exactly how revolutionary my idea was, but felt too threatened by my brilliance to do anything about it. Coward.
4. Paul L. Modrich
Advertisement
“I appreciate the inquiry, but I'm afraid I'm going to have to pass. Best wishes on your endeavor.” Best wishes??? What the hell is that bullshit? If wishes could make a microwave that lets you use creamed corn to make popcorn in case you run out of the microwaveable stuff, then I would be a fucking billionaire already. What I need is the man who mapped out how cells repair DNA to bring his Nobel-winning skill set down to my rumpus room for 12 quick hours to listen to my excellent microwave ideas and then guide me through the design and development stage. That's all. It's not like I'm asking him to take a bullet for me or anything.
5. Malala Yousafzai
Advertisement
I'm not asking Malala to take a bullet for me. I just wanted her to allocate a mere day out of her schedule to come hear out my microwave ideas and then use her global reach as a Nobel Peace Prize winner to get some industry leaders to invest in my vision. But apparently being one of the most influential people in the world turns you into a huge fucking diva, because she said she could only slot 15 goddamn minutes for me, and she could only do it over the phone. Is that not a fucking slap in the face?
6. Saul Perlmutter
Advertisement
There is perhaps no other astrophysicist on the planet with a more profound understanding of the universe than Saul, so you'd think he'd have an open mind to ideas of such cosmic enormity as my microwave ideas. But, no! Wouldn't even give me the time of day! I mean, seriously, pal, get down from your high horse and look at the incredible microwave ideas you're missing out on:
A microwave for deaf people that has two robotic hands that alert you in sign language when your food is ready
A doggy door-like flap that lets you add more food into a microwave while it's already in use
A microwave that celebrates Civil Rights Movement heroes somehow
A microwave that syncs to your security alarm and goes into sleep mode if a burglar is detected so that the burglar can't heat up any food
A microwave that plays “Amazing Grace” to alert you that your food is done instead of that obnoxious beeping sound
A microwave that can be accessorized with customizable skins that honor your favorite sports teams
A microwave that lets you warm up your aluminum foil without causing sparks
A microwave that can be used in a room that isn't the kitchen
A safety feature where if you press the buttons 9, 1, and 1 in sequence, the microwave actually calls 911 for you
A microwave that's large and powerful enough to cook a frozen turkey in only two minutes
A microwave that recognizes when someone is grieving and automatically cooks a hotdog to comfort them
A microwave that is disguised to resemble a large, stylish rock so that it can be seamlessly incorporated into any kitchen's design scheme
A small training microwave for children
I sent this list of ideas to Mr. Perlmutter. I sent it to every Nobel Laureate named on this list. Not one of them engaged with any of my earth-shattering strokes of genius. Cold, proud, and distant, these nerds ignored me, again and again. And the world is a poorer place for it.
An all-out brawl erupted during an annual NYPD-FDNY charity hockey game at the Nassau Coliseum in Uniondale Sunday. Videos posted online show players from both teams clearing the bench and throwing punches while referees try to break up the fights. (Published Monday, April 7, 2014)
An all-out brawl erupted during an annual NYPD-FDNY charity hockey game at the Nassau Coliseum in Uniondale Sunday.
Videos posted online show players from both teams clearing the bench and throwing punches while referees try to break up the fights. Hockey sticks and gloves are seen littered about the ice.
Newsday reports the fights began during the second period on Sunday as both teams were tied 3-3. The NYPD eventually won 8-5.
The fire and police departments both declined to comment.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC New York
Sci-fi movie icon Sigourney Weaver has joined the cast of Neill Blomkamp's new film “Chappie,” which has started production in Johannesburg, South Africa, Sony Pictures and Media Rights Capital announced Monday.
The two companies are co-producing and co-financing the sci-fi movie, which will be marketed and distributed worldwide by Sony.
After being kidnapped by two criminals during birth, a prodigal robot named Chappie is adopted by a strange and dysfunctional family.
Also Read: Sigourney Weaver in USA's ‘Political Animals': First Look (Video)
Sharlto Copley, who starred in Blomkamp's “District 9” and “Elysium,” will voice the role of Chappie. Weaver joins Hugh Jackman and Dev Patel in the film, as well as Ninja, Yolandi Visser, Jose Pablo Cantillo and Brandon Auret.
Blomkamp will direct “Chappie” from a screenplay he wrote with Terri Tatchell. Blomkamp will also produce the film with Simon Kinberg. The duo previously teamed with Bill Block to produce Sony and MRC's “Elysium,” which has grossed an estimated $283 million worldwide to date.
Also Read: Sony Boards Neill Blomkamp's Next Movie, Sci-Fi Crime Tale ‘Chappie'
Hannah Minghella and Rachel O'Connor will oversee “Chappie” for Sony, while Brye Adler will oversee for MRC.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
The senate proposal set for next week that "now authorizes warrantless access to Americans' e-mail," as CNET's Declan McCullagh exclaimed, doesn't actually do that, according to the Senator actually writing the bill. McCullagh cites an older version of the bill that would, in the words of The Drudge Report today, "LET FEDS READ YOUR EMAIL."
Leahy's rewritten bill would allow more than 22 agencies -- including the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Communications Commission -- to access Americans' e-mail, Google Docs files, Facebook wall posts, and Twitter direct messages without a search warrant. It also would give the FBI and Homeland Security more authority, in some circumstances, to gain full access to Internet accounts without notifying either the owner or a judge. (CNET obtained the revised draft from a source involved in the negotiations with Leahy.)
Turns out, that's a former version of the privacy bill — not the one up for discussion in the Senate Judiciary Committee, reports Forbes's Kashmir Hill. A spokesperson for Patrick Leahy, the Senator behind the bill, told Hill that McCullagh was plain "wrong." She also spoke with sources "privy to conversations about the impending bill" who also confirmed that McCullagh had the wrong draft. Hill, however, does not have any other information on what the proposal will include.
If the bill does include those changes, however, McCullagh is right that it would represent "an abrupt departure from Leahy's earlier approach," which required a warrant for email searches. He has before said that his bill "provides enhanced privacy protections for American consumers by... requiring that the government obtain a search warrant." That's why it makes more sense that those are not included in the bill, or maybe Leahy is just denying it to save face for now and get the bill pushed through without criticism. The senator reportedly had to rewrite his original bill because certain law-enforcement groups didn't like the sounds of it.
TBG's Tech News Page
The Tech Buyer's Guru has been providing news and commentary for a long time, starting back in 2013 when we first published our WordPress Blog, which is now long gone. Luckily, you can find all our content right here on our Tech News Page, with older news archived by year at the bottom of the page. What you'll see here is TBG's coverage of major events, as well as important tech news and significant product releases. In addition, from time to time we post commentary that cuts through the chatter to strike at the heart of issues critical to the future of tech.
What we won't be doing is rehashing the news you see on other sites, which is typically based on press releases, as we'd prefer to bring you the news ourselves, based on our interactions with various industry players and our unique perspective on the big headlines. The goal of our news coverage is to give you an insight into what's here now, as well as what might be coming in the near future!
Norwegian news portal VG Nett reported that last week Muslim extremist terrorist group Ansar al-Sunna has threatened the Norwegian government with an attack similar to 9-11 unless part of the capital city of Oslo is not transformed into a Muslim nation.
"We do not wish to live together with dirty beasts like you," the extremist group wrote in a letter to Norwegian lawmakers and newspaper editors.
"We received the letter on Tuesday and have started an investigation on the letter," Police Security Service spokesman Siv Alsén told VG Nett. "We take it seriously, absolutely."
The terrorist group demanded that a section of Oslo, specifically the Greenland district, become independent from the current government so that they can form an Islamist state.
"We do not want to be a part of Norwegian society," the letter also noted. "And we do not consider it necessary either to move away from Norway, because we were born and grew up here. And Allah's earth belongs to everybody."
The development arose just one week before Anders Behring Breivik, the Norwegian gunman who killed 77 people in a massacre last summer, was sentenced to 21 years in prison. Breivik said he committed the murders to protest the "Islamization" of Norway.
The letter from Ansar al-Sunna also accused senior government officials -- Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg, Foreign Minister Jonas Gahr Støre and Defense Minister Espen Barth Eide -- of having given direct orders to "attack ... Muslims."
In addition, the group demanded that Norway pull its troops out of Muslim countries, adding the threat: "If Norwegian soldiers can take planes to Afghanistan, then Osama [bin Laden] and Mohammed can also take planes to Norway. Now, the government must wake up and assume responsibility, before this war spreads to Norway. Before the counterpart reacts.
"Before Muslims take the step necessary. Do not confuse the Muslims' silence with weakness. Do not profit from the Muslims' patience. Do not force us to do something that can be avoided. This is not a threat, only the words of truth. The words of justice."
The letter included a logo that resembles one used by al Qaeda in Iraq.
According to VG Nett, the Norwegian police had already been following a few members of this terrorist group before the letter was even sent.
A few days after that letter was sent, Norwegian-Pakistani imam Fayed Sarased Ali Bukhari warned that any Muslim who doesn't fast during Ramadan should be beheaded.
NRK, a Norwegian broadcaster, showed a clip in which Bukhari stated: "If a person doesn't fast during Ramadan, he is mocking Islam. And if the person is in a Muslim state, the authorities must behead him.
"For a person who doesn't perform his daily prayers, and is of age and sound mind, the most lenient punishment in an Islamic state is incarceration," he added. "In certain schools of law, there would be grounds to kill them."
Norway's Muslim population is relatively small but has been increasing due to immigration. As of 2007, about 3.5 percent of the nation's people were Islamic.
Several smartphone models introduced by LG Electronics between 2015 and 2016 were discovered by users to have manufacturing defects, all of which eventually cause the devices to become unstable, and/or stuck in a loop of reboots attempting to boot, rendering them effectively inoperable—an issue that had been nicknamed a bootloop. The LG G4 (2015) has been the most synonymous with these failures, with LG stating that the issues were the result of a "loose contact between components". Similar issues have also been reported to a smaller extent with the G4's successors and sister models, including the Nexus 5X, LG V10 and LG G Flex 2.
In March 2017, a class-action lawsuit was filed against LG in regards to their handling of these hardware failures.
Cause [ edit ]
When officially acknowledging the bootloop issues with the G4, LG stated that it was caused by a "loose contact between components"; Android Authority explained that "a loose connection between power supply or memory components could certainly cause a phone to fail to boot up properly, due to a lack of system stability or not being able to access vital memory. It's also possible that a faulty connection to other components, such as the camera or fingerprint scanner, could cause a similar problem. This could be down to important setup communications not being sent or received between peripherals correctly."[1]
Affected devices [ edit ]
LG G4 [ edit ]
Early reports of "bootloop" issues with the LG G4 occurred on forums such as Reddit as early as September 2015; LG was initially inconsistent in accepting warranty claims on affected devices, leading some users to go through their respective wireless carrier instead. A petition was issued calling upon LG to acknowledge the bootloop issues.[1]
In January 2016, LG officially acknowledged that some G4 models suffered from a manufacturing issue "resulting from a loose contact between components", that caused them to experience symptoms such as failure to reboot. The company stated that it was unknown how many devices were affected by the defect, as when or whether it occurs depended on "usage behavior". LG stated that it would replace or repair affected phones under warranty, and that it was committed to "providing the highest standards of product quality and customer service and apologizes for the inconvenience caused to some of our customers who initially received incorrect diagnoses".[2][3]
Nexus 5X [ edit ]
In September 2016, reports began to circulate that similar failures were being encountered with the Nexus 5X manufactured for Google by LG, particularly whilst upgrading to Android 7.0 "Nougat". Google stated that this was a hardware issue, and that it only impacted a small number of users. LG later stated that it would provide full refunds for affected devices, as the Nexus 5X was reaching the conclusion of its production run.[4][5][1]
LG V10 and V20 [ edit ]
The LG V10's hardware is very similar to that of the G4; it was identified in a class-action lawsuit as suffering from nearly identical forms of hardware failure to the G4.[6]
In response to reports that a model of its successor, the LG V20, experienced a similar bootloop issue, LG claimed that the failure had been caused by the usage of a non-compliant third-party USB-C cable.[7]
LG G3 & G5 [ edit ]
Isolated reports of bootloop issues occurring with the LG G3 & LG G5 have also been reported by users. However, they have not occurred to the same extent as the G4, and LG has not acknowledged any hardware defects with those models.[1]
LG Fiesta 2 [ edit ]
Data has been collected from multiple sources (including user reports) that boot loops are normal. They have occurred, but not the extent of the LG V10 and V20 with different build models and part manufactures. Data is still being collected for this model.
LG G7 ThinQ [ edit ]
On December 1, 2018, all of the European LG G710EM models using a T-Mobile or T-Mobile-based SIM card began suffering from a bootlooping issue.[8] A fix was released with Firmware Version V10p.
Reaction [ edit ]
In March 2017, a U.S. lawsuit was filed against LG Electronics in the state of California for unjust enrichment, unfair trade practices, and warranty law violations, seeking damages and for LG to repair all affected G4 and V10 devices. The lawsuit claimed that LG continued to produce and distribute LG G4 and V10 smartphones with the defect, even after it acknowledged the issue, and claimed that LG failed to recall or "offer an adequate remedy to consumers" who bought the two models, nor provide any remedy for devices that fell outside of the one-year warranty period. A party to the suit claimed that LG had issued them multiple warranty replacement phones that eventually suffered from the same hardware failure.[6] The lawsuit was expanded the following month to include the G5, Nexus 5X, and V20.[9] The lawsuit was never certified as a class action, and was sent to arbitration.[10] In January 2018, LG agreed to pay the participants in the lawsuit a $700 credit towards the purchase of a LG smartphone or $425.[10] Since the lawsuit was not certified as a class action, consumers not actually participating in the lawsuit do not get this payment.
In January 2018, due to stock shortages, Google's wireless network Project Fi began to offer the Moto X4 as an alternative replacement for bootloop affected Nexus 5X owners.[11]
See also [ edit ]
Touch disease, a similar form of eventual hardware failure experienced by the iPhone 6 Plus.
Eighteen years in, Interpol , in the live setting, still feel like that cool local band that only you and your buddies know about. Their current tou r behind the new album 'El Pintor' stopped in Sacramento, Calif. on Friday, Sept. 19, and the sold-out crowd hung on every note.
One could argue that a band as well established as Interpol could fill a much larger venue than Sacramento's 1,000 capacity Ace of Spades, and that would be true, yet it would completely miss the point. Unlike some of their contemporaries who have tried to scale up to arenas (some successfully, others not so much), Paul Banks and company seem to get that what's best both for their music and their fans is intimacy. Guitarist Daniel Kessler's washes of sound in 'The Lighthouse,' for example, would be lost in the hollow belly of a basketball arena, as would Banks's modest stage persona.
'The Lighthouse' was the sole track performed from 2007's 'Our Love to Admire,' but it was hardly the only cut from their catalog. The band devoted more than half of their 16 song set to fan favorites, the majority of which were culled from the essential albums 'Antics' and 'Turn On the Bright Lights.'
Opener 'My Blue Supreme' from the new album went over fine, but the crowd really came alive when the band launched into 'Evil' from the aforementioned 'Antics,' singing along to every word. This set the tone for the entire evening: 'El Pintor' tracks received polite head nods while deeper cuts were greeted with singalong enthusiasm.
This is the perpetual challenge for bands who enjoy longevity similar to Interpol's. Throughout the history of rock and roll, "Here's one from our new album" has translated to "We'll see you when you get back from the bathroom," but the half dozen 'El Pintor' cuts sprinkled into the set were solid contributions. Kessler's chorus-soaked riffs in songs like 'Same Town, New Story' laid the sonic groundwork for Banks's evocative vocals, each song delivered tightly and faithfully to the album version. Whether a track like 'Anywhere' finds a permanent place in the band's live set remains to be seen, but hearing the new material live was a delight.
Perhaps that's the best reason to recommend catching Interpol on their current tour: Music is best experienced live rather than through a pair of ear buds. Songs from the new album sounded right at home performed alongside the best of the band's four previous albums, an insight that may be lost when considering 'El Pintor' in isolation.
Interpol wraps up its American tour on Dec. 1 in Philadelphia, then picks up again after the new year for a two month European leg. Get their full itinerary here .
Interpol -- Sacramento's Ace of Spades
James Stafford, Diffuser
James Stafford, Diffuser
James Stafford, Diffuser
James Stafford, Diffuser
Interpol -- Setlist, Sept. 19, 2014
'My Blue Supreme'
'Say Hello to Angels'
'Evil'
'My Desire'
'Length of Love'
'Breaker 1'
'The Lighthouse'
'Anywhere'
'NARC'
'Same Town, New Story'
'Lights'
'Not Even Jail'
'Slow Hands'
'All the Rage Back Home'
'NYC'
'Obstacle 1'
[CFT] Unicode collation string and reworked locale definitions
Hi all, I have been working for a while on bringing in Unicode string collation support by merging code from Illumos (by Garrett D'Amore who kindly made sure his work was made under BSD license) and Dragonfly (by John Marino), and some ancient work done on FreeBSD by edwin@ but never merged. The result is available in the projects/collation branch. As a result of this work, is: - Locales are now generated with the new localedef(1) tool from CLDR POSIX files - The generated files are now identified as "BSD 1.0" format - Only "BSD 1.0" locales files are now read, all other versions will be set to "C" - The localedef(1) tool has been imported from Illumos and modidied to use tree(3) instead of the CDDL avl(3) - A set of tool created by edwin@ and extended by marino@ for dragonfly has been added to be able to generate locales - Given our regex(3) does not support multibyte yet (actually it does not support some single-byte codeset) it has been forced to always use locale C - Remove colldef(1) and mklocale(1) - Finish implementing the numeric BSD extension for ctypes - Add a bunch of new locales: some arabian locales, hebrew locales, some regional locales, etc. - Make a bunch of ISO-8859-1 locales simple aliase on ISO-8859-15 where it makes sense - Add short version of locales - Add @euro aliases on the locales where that make sense Please test the branch and report issues. Note that yes that means the COLLATION_FIX patch on glib2 will not be necessary anymore and yes the icu patch on postgresql will not be necessary anymore Best regards, Bapt -------------- next part -------------- A non-text attachment was scrubbed... Name: signature.asc Type: application/pgp-signature Size: 181 bytes Desc: not available URL: <http://lists.freebsd.org/pipermail/freebsd-current/attachments/20151014/69d62638/attachment.bin>
MEMPHIS — The City Council here voted Wednesday to sell two city parks with Confederate monuments, clearing the way for two statues to be removed before the city commemorates the 50th anniversary of the assassination of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
Mayor Jim Strickland first announced the sales of Health Sciences Park and Memphis Park on Twitter.
“History is being made in Memphis tonight,” he said at a news conference later in the evening.
Health Sciences Park had a statue of Nathan Bedford Forrest, a Confederate general and an early member of the Ku Klux Klan, which was removed around 9 p.m. local time.
By 10:30 p.m., cranes had maneuvered into Memphis Park and around a statue of Jefferson Davis, the president of the Confederacy during the Civil War. About 15 minutes later, a crane hoisted the statue onto a truck as a crowd cheered and struck up songs, including “Hit the road Jack.”
"Biodiversity is there - you have to just select and use it"
By Sophie Hares
TEPIC, Mexico, June 13 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Mexico's ancient civilisations cultivated crops such as maize, tomatoes and chillies for thousands of years before the Spanish conquerors arrived - and now those native plants could hold the key to sustainable food production as climate change bites, said a leading ecologist.
José Sarukhán Kermez, who helped set up Mexico's pioneering National Commission for the Knowledge and Use of Biodiversity (CONABIO) 25 years ago, said that analysing the genetic variability of traditional crops, and supporting the family farmers who grow most of the world's food offered an alternative to industrial agriculture.
"We don't need to manipulate hugely the genetic characteristics of these (crops)... because that biodiversity is there - you have to just select and use it with the knowledge of the people who have been doing that for thousands of years," said Sarukhán, CONABIO's national coordinator, in a telephone interview.
The emeritus professor and former rector of the National University of Mexico (UNAM) recently won the Tyler Prize for Environmental Achievement, often referred to as a "Nobel for the Environment".
Making use of the knowledge held by indigenous groups is "absolutely essential", Sarukhán told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
That requires working with a wide range of people, from local cooks to small-scale farmers, especially in states like Oaxaca and Chiapas in the south of Mexico where indigenous farmers have a strong traditional culture, he said.
"They haven't gone to university, and they don't have a degree - but they damn well know how to do these things," he said. For example, they discover and incorporate new knowledge as they exchange seeds with peers from different areas.
CONABIO is hoping to win some $5 million in funding from the Global Environment Facility for a five-year project worth more than $30 million to speed up research into indigenous crops.
The aim is to enrich the commission's vast online database of biodiversity, with a view to influencing national agricultural policy, said Sarukhán.
CONABIO's information on the genetic adaptability of native plants will enable scientists to develop new lines that can tolerate wetter or more arid conditions as the climate changes, he said.
Highlighting the potential of climate-adapted native crops, Sarukhán said around 60 types of maize are grown across Mexico, from the coast to 3,000 metres (9,843 ft) above sea-level, while only a handful of species are sold commercially.
FOREST PROTECTION
With Mexico's hugely varied ecosystems and biodiversity under threat, the ecologist urged a greater focus on schemes to boost local incomes rather than giving grants to encourage people to maintain vast swathes of the country's forest.
Projects like growing organic coffee in Oaxaca's forests or eco-tourism in Chiapas are helping provide communities with a decent income and an incentive to protect the environment, he said.
Rural and indigenous communities own 60 to 70 percent of all Mexico's forests and natural ecosystems, he noted.
"That is the patrimony they have - they don't have anything else to live on," he explained. "There are ways in which you can combine the sustainable management of the forest with more attractive incomes for the owners of the forest."
(Reporting by Sophie Hares; editing by Megan Rowling. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit http://news.trust.org/climate)
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
Another week is here, and with it, another story about the affluent, techie-infested caricature that San Francisco has become. Hey, assholes: step one to surviving this trying time is to build more fucking housing.
The funny thing about the New York Times' story, “In San Francisco and Rooting for a Tech Comeuppance,” is that it includes all the familiar stuff about why San Francisco sucks for normal people now—it's overrun with a zillion tech bros who are pretty wack and everything is expensive and there's a homeless problem and you can't afford an apartment and all the cool people are getting evicted and It Ain't How It Used To Be—but at no point does it drill down one half inch below this state of affairs to point out: Hey assholes, build some new fucking housing, why don't you????
San Francisco doesn't need a little bit of new housing. San Francisco need a lot of new housing. It is the most in-demand epicenter of an entire in-demand region, none of which has any affordable housing. San Francisco needs a skyline redefined by construction cranes building new apartment towers. San Francisco needs a building boom. San Francisco needs to pour new units onto its insanely priced housing market. Even if they build new housing mostly for the wealthy, the benefits will accrue to renters far down the line. And if they build enough, eventually, years from now, there might be such a supply of housing in this in-demand city that middle class workers can actually live in it again. Imagine that.
Look, we all like complaining about people who moved somewhere more recently than us. They are the worst! Are they not? So corny! I highly recommend this as a lively topic of conversation. I love talking shit about people other than me! But then, when it is all done, it is grown-up time, and people need a place to live, so the grown-ups need to figure out a place for people to live.
Do you have to bulldoze all of the real pretty San Francisco neighborhoods and build awful glass cubes where beautiful Victorian homes once stood? No. You can build new things in other places. You can toss in some zoning laws so the new construction is not incredibly repellent to look at it. You can even invest in public housing for the poor, and pass rules that require people to live in houses they own to prevent rich foreign investors from warping the local market. These things are possible.
Instead of doing this, San Francisco does the opposite. The city's regulations make it incredibly difficult and cumbersome to build large new projects, and rental laws encourage renters to stay in place and discourage some people with extra space from entering the rental market. These restrictions are, ironically, driven by longtime residents—often those who already own their own homes—who adopt the mantle of progressive preservationists, fighting the big bad developers and rich newcomers. Their efforts have the effect of driving up housing prices. Not a bad thing, if you already own a house! This also has the following effects:
A) It makes San Francisco so expensive that many people who would in theory like to move to San Francisco cannot move to San Francisco, and
B) It drives rent prices on the insufficient existing housing stock so high that middle class residents are priced out of San Francisco.
Both of these things have already happened. Thanks to the political efforts of people who consider themselves real hardcore lefties! Thanks a lot, motherfuckers! Enjoy the beautiful houses you purchased real cheap in 1970 while you rail against the development that might one day allow middle class people to live in your lovely city again!
None of this is a secret. This dynamic is widely understood and frequently discussed. Indeed, the comment section of today's NYT story is full of people complaining about it. And yet it has not changed. The San Francisco skyline is not studded with new towers rising up to house the huddled masses. It's still a pretty little city where only lucky rich people who got there a long time ago (or just plain new rich people) can afford to live.
Acting in a way that prevents everyone else from living in your pretty little city because you already have a place that you like does not make you a progressive. It makes you greedy.
Build some housing, assholes. A lot!
[Photo: Chris Chabot/ Flickr]
I really have no impressive educational qualifications to be a writer for a blog that is comprised of individuals discussing the philosophy of voluntaryism. I've not finished my college degree (yet) and I haven't even spent much time reading the works of people who philosophize about the precise things I write about.
What I have that I do believe makes my perspective unique is that for eleven years of my life I had the ability to initiate violence against peaceful people without repercussions. I got paid for it. Paid well. I elected, though, to give up a stable career with a generous retirement package because of the answer to the following question. The following question you can ask any person (or ask yourself) and instantly determine if they too (or you) are a voluntaryist.
DO YOU BELIEVE VIOLENCE SHOULD BE USED TO SOLVE NON-VIOLENT PROBLEMS?
How can anyone calling themselves a moral person answer that question in any manner but “no?”
I know a great deal of people who read this blog are people who either firmly dislike what is being discussed here, work in law enforcement and are collecting intel, or live in Keene and are generally curious as to what all the ruckus is about. If you yourself are a peaceful person and you spend time getting to know the people involved in the Free State Project, Free Keene, or just the liberty movement in general you eventually will find yourself in the same situation which landed me here.
Violence is wrong, right?
It is important that society have order to it. To believe that voluntaryists (I am proud to identify myself as one) support chaos is to believe in something that simply isn't true. Society has complex problems and these problems need to be addressed. The absolute worst (and uncreative) way to address complicated non-violent societal problems is to continue to do what is done today. That, of course, is using violence.
Today I was reading a thread on the NH Liberty Alliance web forum. The thread was on the issue of lowering the drinking age to 18. I posted a reply to the topic saying that I think that if a law is introduced in the NH General Court which would lower the drinking age that someone should testify in favor of the bill by reading off the names of all of the 18-20 year old people who died while serving in the military since 2001. I'd love to hear the bureaucrats who show up to oppose the legislation answer questions about how someone isn't adult enough to enjoy a cold beer but they are adult enough to carry a machine-gun, die, kill people, and have their legs blown off in Iraq and Afghanistan while following the orders of politicians in Washington.
This thread on the NHLA forum caused me to think about a particular societal problem I was called on to address one night while on-duty.
The societal problem: a 17 year old and a 19 year old consuming alcohol.
The societal solution: violence.
I was dispatched to a house party where there was a report of underage drinking. Indeed the report was accurate as there was a house full of people peacefully consuming alcohol. After arresting (stealing the freedom of) a peaceful 19 year old that I found inside consuming liquor and placing him in the rear of a police cruiser the search of the house continued. Sometime during the search I learned that the 19 year old decided that he did not want to have his freedom taken away so he kicked out the back window of the police car and ran off on foot. With the assistance of a police dog I was able to track down the young adult who was running through the woods with his 17 year old brother. As I grabbed onto the 19 year old to re-arrest him, the 17 year old defended his brother by putting me in a choke hold.
I fell to the ground and twisted the 17 year old on top of me. I punched him in the face, poked him in his eyes, and pushed him off of me. I got up and extended my portable baton and whacked the 17 year old in the back of the legs. He went down. Obviously.
Both were eventually restrained and hauled away. The societal problem of individuals under the age of 21 consuming liquor was addressed in the way that society does its addressing.
Please, with a straight face… tell me that I didn't use violence to solve a non-violent problem. You may say to yourself that the violence I used was in response to the violence the 17 year old used. Fair point, but the 17 year old was only using violence towards me to defend his brother after I initiated violence against his brother in the first place. How can a person claim that they (me, in that situation) have a right to defend themselves against the defensive violence a person uses to protect themselves or others from the violence that person (me) initiated in the first place? That's like a kidnapper claiming to be justified in shooting someone who brandishes a knife after the kidnapper tries to shove them in the back of a sketchy black van.
The law for normal people makes perfect sense.
627:4 Physical Force in Defense of a Person
I. A person is justified in using non-deadly force upon another person in order to defend himself or a third person from what he reasonably believes to be the imminent use of unlawful, non-deadly force by such other person, and he may use a degree of such force which he reasonably believes to be necessary for such purpose. However, such force is not justifiable if:
(b) He was the initial aggressor, unless after such aggression he withdraws from the encounter and effectively communicates to such other person his intent to do so, but the latter notwithstanding continues the use or threat of unlawful, non-deadly force; or
Translation: you can't use violence and then claim the moral high ground in using violence to protect yourself against retaliatory violence.
Shouldn't people have the right to defend themselves from all violent people?
If you're a legislator in New Hampshire reading this, you're the one with the ability to put a leash on the unnecessary violence that is used to solve these problems.
As I freely admit: I'm no great voluntaryism philosopher. I also don't want people to abuse alcohol, at any age. I don't have answers to the questions about how our society can address the complicated problems that we as human beings face.
Thankfully, others do.
Liam Allan who was cleared of rape after evidence came to light at the 11th hour (Picture: Facebook)
A judge has called for an inquiry after a student was cleared of rape when police failed to disclose evidence casting doubt over the case.
Liam Allan, 22, faced a two-year ordeal and three days in court before his trial was halted at the eleventh hour.
Firefighters race to battle blaze as huge fire tears across Arthur's Seat
A court heard that his accuser had sent messages asking him for casual sex and expressing fantasies about having violent sex, including the desire to be raped.
However, these messages were not handed over to prosecutors.
It is believed that the woman made up the claim because Mr Allan was going to university and would not be seeing her again.
The woman's phone contained 40,000 messages including those that showed she pestered him for ‘casual sex'.
His accuser sent friends messages saying she wanted him to have violent sex with her and rape her (Picture: Facebook)
They also revealed that she had told friends about her fantasies of being raped by him and having violent sex with him.
Scotland Yard is carrying out an ‘urgent assessment' into the collapse of the case following the late disclosure of evidence that undermined the case.
Homeless man doused in water by rail staff is a convicted killer
As the trial was halted at Croydon Crown Court yesterday the judge called for a review of disclosure of evidence by the Metropolitan Police, as well as an inquiry at the Crown Prosecution Service, The Times reported.
Police are understood to have looked at thousands of phone messages when reviewing evidence but it was not until the prosecution was close to trial that Met officers disclosed messages between the complainant and her friends which cast doubt on the case against Mr Allan.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said they offered no evidence in the case on Thursday, as it was decided ‘there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction'.
An urgent review is being carried out by Scotland Yard (Picture: Getty)
Speaking outside court, Mr Allan told The Times: ‘I can't explain the mental torture of the past two years. I feel betrayed by the system which I had believed would do the right thing – the system I want to work in.'
Writing in the paper, prosecuting barrister and former Conservative MP Jerry Hayes said: ‘I told the judge that this was the most appalling failure of disclosure that I have ever encountered.
‘The CPS are under terrible pressure, as are the police. Both work hard but are badly under-resourced.
Police rake in £1,700,000 after selling seized items on eBay
‘Crown court trials only work because of the co-operation and goodwill of advocates and the bench – but time pressures are making this increasingly difficult.
‘Because of the swingeing cuts that the Treasury continuously imposes, the system is not just creaking, it is about to croak.'
A Scotland Yard spokesman said: ‘We are aware of this case being dismissed from court and are carrying out an urgent assessment to establish the circumstances which led to this action being taken.
‘We are working closely with the Crown Prosecution Service and keeping in close contact with the victim whilst this process takes place.'
A spokesman for the CPS said: ‘A charge can only be brought if a prosecutor is satisfied that both stages of the Full Code test in the Code for Crown Prosecutors are met, that is, that there is sufficient evidence to provide a realistic prospect of conviction and that a prosecution is required in the public interest.
‘All prosecutions are kept under continuous review and prosecutors are required to take account of any change in circumstances as the case develops.
‘In November 2017, the police provided more material in the case of Liam Allan. Upon a review of that material, it was decided that there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction.
‘Therefore we offered no evidence in the case against Liam Allan at a hearing on December 14 2017.
‘We will now be conducting a management review together with the Metropolitan Police to examine the way in which this case was handled.'
Opioids act by binding to opioid receptors on neurons distributed throughout the nervous system and immune system. Four major types of opioid receptors have been identified: mu, kappa, delta, and the more recently identified OFQ/N.
These receptors are the binding sites for several families of endogenous peptides, including enkephalins, dynorphins, and endorphins. These endogenous peptides regulate and modulate several important functions, including the following:
Pain
Stress
Temperature
Respiration
Endocrine activity
Gastrointestinal activity
Mood
Motivation
Understanding the role of endogenous peptides allows us to understand why medications and drugs that bind to opioid receptors have such profound effects on so many organ systems and bodily functions.
The mu opioid receptor subtype
More than 20 clinically available medications bind opioid receptors. Most of these are prototypical mu receptor full agonists (capable of producing a maximal response at mu receptor subtypes in opioid-sensitive systems), and are associated with the following constellation of effects:
Pain relief
Mood alteration (often producing euphoria and decreased anxiety)
Respiratory depression (can cause death in overdose)
Decreased gastrointestinal motility (can cause constipation)
Cough suppression
Suppression of corticotropin-releasing factor and adrenocorticotropin hormone
Pinpoint pupils (miosis)
Nausea, vomiting, pruritis (less common)
Almost all abused opioids are prototypical mu agonists. The euphoria associated with mu receptor activation is often termed a high. Moreover, when opioids are injected or inhaled, levels in the brain rise rapidly, causing a rush or thrill. The rush is a brief, intense, usually pleasurable sensation, which is followed by a longer-lasting high. When opioids are used chronically, tolerance and physical dependence occur. Over time, those with physiologic dependence often try to avoid unpleasant withdrawal symptoms rather than seeking the pleasurable sensations associated with initial use of opioids.
Structural brain changes
Short-term opioid use has been associated with gray matter changes in patients with chronic pain. In a small, placebo-controlled study, long-term gray matter changes correlated with the dose of morphine after only one month of use, with some changes persisting when remeasured an average of 4.7 months later. [7]
Potential for abuse
Mu receptor agonists with rapid onset of action and short half-lives have the greatest potential for destructive addictive behaviors, as addicted individuals get immediate reward followed by noticeable withdrawal symptoms. For example, heroin typically produces the following destructive behavioral pattern:
Intravenous (IV) injection causes a rapid high followed, within hours, by unpleasant withdrawal symptoms. These unpleasant symptoms cause the addicted individual to engage in extremely destructive and often illegal behaviors to obtain more heroin. This cycle repeats itself endlessly until the individual can no longer access heroin.
Mu receptor agonists with delayed onset of action and longer half-lives, such as methadone, cause dependence without necessarily causing the same destructive cycle to occur. Methadone can be used once daily, and can be obtained legally. Once tolerance develops, methadone has little impact on mood, judgment, and psychomotor skills. Therefore, methadone can be used to replace drugs associated with more destructive lifestyles (maintenance therapy).
In 2014, the FDA announced that extended-release and long-acting (ER/LA) opioid pain relievers should be restricted for use only in the management of severe pain that requires daily, around-the-clock treatment because alternative treatments were inadequate. Labels added include warnings, which state that long-term maternal use of ER/LA opioid pain relievers could result in potentially fatal neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome. One of the drugs approved in 2014 was hydrocodone bitartrate, an extended-release formulation with abuse-deterrent properties, designed to be hard to crush, break, dissolve, or prepare for injection. [8] These announcements were made in an effort to combat the epidemic of addiction and fatal overdoses associated with opioid abuse. [9]
In 2016, the CDC released final recommendations for prescribing opioids for chronic pain to combat the epidemic of prescription overdoses. The primary recommendation states that opioids should not be first-line treatment for chronic pain. Health care providers should first consider nonopioid pain relievers or nonpharmacological options. Other recommendations include conducting a urine test before opioid therapy, starting at the lowest dose possible and avoiding doses of 90 morphine milligram equivalents (MME) or more, prescribing immediate-release as opposed to longer-acting opioids, and limiting treatment for acute pain to usually no more than 7 days. [10]
Maintenance therapy
Buprenorphine is a partial agonist at the mu receptor (it can only partially activate the receptor). Therefore the intensity of mood alteration induced by buprenorphine plateaus, and users do not generally feel the rush or intense high they feel when using other opioids. This has been termed a ceiling effect. Fortunately, buprenorphine's partial agonism is sufficient to prevent cravings and withdrawal symptoms. Therefore, like methadone, buprenorphine can be used to replace other more destructive opioids via maintenance therapy.
Buprenorphine also binds extremely tightly to the mu receptor. This tight binding prevents other opioids from accessing the mu receptor, in turn preventing a user from getting high on other opioids. Moreover, buprenorphine's binding is so strong that it displaces other opioids from mu receptors. Therefore, if buprenorphine is taken while a patient has significant serum levels of another opioid, the patient will rapidly experience withdrawal symptoms as the other opioid is displaced from receptors. The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) recommends the induction phase of buprenorphine be preceded by 12 to 24 hours of opioid abstinence in order to avoid the acute withdrawal symptoms caused by the displacement of opioid agonists from mu receptors. [11]
Mechanisms of tolerance and withdrawal
Mechanisms of tolerance and withdrawal include but are not limited to the following:
In response to long-term exposure to relatively high doses of exogenous opioids, cells internalize their mu and delta opioid receptors. Therefore, increased opioid levels and/or increased opioid potency are necessary to generate the same effect on fewer receptors (tolerance). Similarly, once the exogenous opioids are removed from the system, the remaining endogenous opioids are unable to sufficiently activate the small number of remaining receptors (withdrawal).
Intracellular second-messenger systems mediating the activity of opioid receptors are down-regulated in the presence of high levels of potent exogenous opioids. Therefore, even the few remaining opioid receptors cannot generate the response they were capable of prior to the administration of exogenous opioids. Down-regulated second messengers include G-proteins and adenylyl cyclase/cAMP.
Acute tolerance can be mediated by changes in the phosphorylation patterns of mu and delta opiod receptors.
Mechanism of long-term potential for relapse
One of the most insidious features of opioid addiction is the tendency to relapse on the drug even weeks, months, or years after those addicted stop using and withdrawal symptoms disappear. The mechanism for this type of relapse is being studied intensely. Animal studies suggest 3 distinct conditions that reliably induce relapse:
Stress Exposure to conditioned cues related to past drug use A dose of the previously administered drug or a drug with similar properties
There is evidence that long-term administration of opioids can permanently alter the density of dendritic spines in certain neurons, and these permanent changes may contribute to long-lasting vulnerability to relapse.
Virginia Republican Lt. Gov. candidate E.W. Jackson on Monday predicted a “stunning victory” for himself and gubernatorial candidate Ken Cuccinelli because he said Christians had been marginalized by the Democratic Party.
“I think there's a lot of people out there who feel disenfranchised, they feel that they've been marginalized, some of them are Christians, some of them frankly are libertarians, some of them are small business people, a lot of them are veterans,” Jackson told WMAL. “And they have really galvanized around my campaign because even though I have been slandered and my words often twisted and taken out of context, they've appreciated the fact that I've been willing to stand up for the things that I believe in.”
“I think we're going to have a stunning victory tomorrow,” he added.
Jackson also insisted that he would fight for the rights of all Americans — as long as they weren't gay or lesbian.
“I will fight for the freedom of people — whether they're Buddhist or Muslim or Hindu or Atheists — to believe whatever they choose to believe,” he explained. “Becoming lieutenant governor is not about me imposing my beliefs on others. Now, I do come with a set of values and convictions, but everybody does. And what we don't want is to establish a religious test in which Bible-believing Christians are told, ‘You're no longer qualified to hold public office because we don't like what your beliefs are.'”
“And we know it comes down to really two fundamental issues that people are concerned about: same-sex marriage and abortion,” Jackson admitted. “But are we to be disqualified because we hold to biblical world view?”
The final Quinnipiac University Poll released before election day showed Democratic candidate Terry McAuliffe holding a 46 percent to 40 percent lead over Cuccinelli. A Public Policy Polling survey gave McAuliffe a similar 7 point edge.
Listen to the following audio from WMAL, broadcast Nov. 4, 2013.
DeShawn Stevenson is one of the more intriguing NBA characters in recent years. Coming into the NBA out of high school, he drew some comparisons to Michael Jordan. He proceeded to play 13 seasons in the NBA, suiting up for the Utah Jazz, Orlando Magic, Washington Wizards, Dallas Mavericks, New Jersey Nets and Atlanta Hawks throughout the course of his career.
He became known for his gritty defense and toughness. He won a championship with the Dallas Mavericks in 2011, earned over $27 million over his 13 years in the league, and made national headlines for beefing with LeBron James during the playoffs.
Most recently, Stevenson decided to enter the BIG3 – the 3-on-3 league started by Ice Cube. Stevenson was the 11th overall pick in the BIG3 Draft, joining the team named Power that also features Corey Maggette (the squad's captain), Cuttino Mobley, Jerome “Junkyard Dog” Williams and Moochie Norris. NBA Hall of Famer Clyde Drexler will be the team's head coach.
HoopsHype recently caught up with Stevenson to discuss his BIG3 squad, his beef with LeBron James, that pre-draft comparison to Michael Jordan, his thoughts on today's players, the ATM machine he had in his house and much more.
What drew you to the BIG3 and how excited are you to get back on the court?
DeShawn Stevenson: What drew me to the BIG3 is the whole concept of a 3-on-3 league with the kind of high-caliber players that are in it. I wasn't sure if I wanted to play basketball anymore, but this was an opportunity to be a part of something that I think is going to be big and I think it's a good situation for me.
You're playing with Corey Maggette, Cuttino Mobley, Jerome “Junkyard Dog” Williams and Moochie Norris. What do you think of the talent on your squad and your team's chances of winning it all?
DS: Cuttino and Corey were always great scorers and JYD – Junkyard Dog – was always a person who worked hard, rebounded and screened. I was known as a good defender who could knock down some threes and do other things. We have a good squad, a really solid team in my eyes.
Have you guys started working out together or practicing as a team? And how have you been training on your own?
DS: We were going to all go out to Vegas to train – I was actually supposed to leave [Wednesday] – but some people couldn't make it [so we pushed it back]. But, individually, I train every day. I run in the morning, about 10 miles each day, and then I go shoot and work on one-on-one in the afternoon. I've been doing two-a-days, training in Orlando.
Clyde Drexler is your head coach. How cool is it to have an NBA legend coaching your team?
DS: It's really dope. When I was coming out of high school, Clyde Drexler was a big recruiter, trying to get to me to go to the University of Houston, so I kind of have [history] with him and a relationship with him. To be coached by a Hall of Famer is just a blessing.
This is the first season for the BIG3, but what do you think of the league's long-term potential?
DS: I think it'll grow to be really big just because there are a lot of players who still want to play after their out of the NBA. It's kind of hard. You see now that most NBA teams are trying to go young, so there are a lot of guys who can still play that are out of the league. I went to the [BIG3] Combine and some of these can guys can still really play; they could go out there and do well and play big minutes. The BIG3 is getting good players who are done with the NBA, but then they're coming right to this league and still playing at a high level. I think it can be pretty big.
You were part of the Dallas Mavericks' team that defeated the star-studded Miami Heat in the 2011 NBA Finals. What does it take to beat a super-team?
DS: To me, you have a certain type of people on your team. You need believers and players who aren't afraid of the super-team – or certain stars on that team – and who won't back down. On our Dallas squad, it was me and Shawn Marion and Tyson Chandler [who wouldn't back down]. We had other people who could put the ball in the basket, and then we were defending and blocking shots and making it tough [on Miami].
I don't see that a lot in the NBA anymore; I think everybody wants to be friends. I like PJ Tucker and his attitude, but I'm used to the guys like myself and Stephen Jackson. Yeah, we were cool with some people, but then we went out there and played. A lot of these guys train with each other or play together or try to get on the same team, so there's never that bad blood. And, look, there's a difference between bad blood and going out there and trying to hurt somebody. I just don't see the bad blood as much in the NBA.
You mentioned guys not being friends, so I want to ask about your public beef with LeBron James a while back. Have you guys talked since then and was that real beef or you trying to get into LeBron's head? Take me through what went down with that.
DS: There was something personal that was said in the locker room that got back to me, but that's neither here nor there. I'm older now. And it wasn't a beef where I wanted him to be harmed in any way or involve his family or anything like that obviously. Honestly, I feel that because we both came to the NBA straight out of high school, we share something. When you're in the league, a lot of things are said and we were all young then. At that moment, I was a young guy and I wasn't standing for it. Now, it's just about peace and love.
Jay-Z dropped a song and it made national headlines. Were surprised with how that situation blew up?
DS: Yeah, personally, I was shocked! Just because I wasn't doing it for that; I'm not the type of guy who does something like that for attention. Now, a lot of people will do stuff for social media or whatever, but back when we played, we didn't really have social media. It was just about something being said and it's getting back to me and I was just hurt. I feel like it kind of went left.
How did you feel when your NBA career came to an end?
DS: I wanted to play one or two more years, so it definitely caught me by surprise. But you see what's going on nowadays with the league, the trend that when players get up in age, teams will move on and go with the young players. If you don't have a lot of clout like a Vince Carter or a Jason Kidd or someone like that, you aren't going to be able to play 20 years in the league. If you look at the NBA, teams aren't doing that anymore.
I always felt like you were somewhat underrated throughout your career. Did you feel like that and did it motivate you?
DS: Yeah, I feel like that's the story of my life though. If you look at my stats in high school or what I did in the McDonald's All-American game or how highly I was recruited out of high school or how I won an NBA championship or how I played 13 years in the league without being a superstar, I feel like all of those things get overlooked. But that's the politics. That's why I would just stick with it and not listen to what people had to say. A lot of people would speak differently about my career, but if you look at what I've done and what I brought to the NBA, it was a lot.
When you were entering the NBA straight out of high school, NBADraft.net compared you to Michael Jordan and head coach Roy Williams described you as his “most gifted recruit ever.” Did you see this stuff and what was your reaction at the time?
DS: Yeah, I saw all of that stuff. Now, looking back, it was a blessing to even be mentioned like that. I think going to the Utah Jazz and playing in that system under Jerry Sloan kind of hurt [my career] and went a different way because they don't iso and they do different things. But a lot of the things I learned and did for Jerry Sloan were what kept me in the league for 13 years. So there was some good and some bad.
I have to ask about this: You had an ATM machine installed in your house a few years back. Do you still have it and use it?
DS: I still have the ATM machine! Do I still use it? Nah. I don't use it, but it's still in my house. I didn't even buy the ATM machine! It was something that my financial advisor and best friend bought for me on my birthday as a joke, but it really worked. It was something given to me that I didn't even ask for and it got a lot of publicity and spread on social media (laughs). It had my name on it and everything, so I kept it!
Donald Trump's wife Melania to join US election campaign trail
Donald Trump's wife Melania to join US election campaign trail
Donald Trump's wife is set to join his campaign trail as recent polls gave Hillary Clinton a narrow lead over her Republican rival.
Mrs Clinton regained the lead she held before last week's announcement of an FBI probe into the email scandal.
Melania Trump will speak at an event in Berwyn, Pennsylvania later today after keeping a low profile for most of the campaign.
President Barack Obama is attending a rally in Florida in support of Mrs Clinton and told the audience: "It is tempting to want to not really focus on our government and our politics, but this election is critical."
In a swipe at Mr Trump, he said: "What you are does not change after you occupy the Oval Office - all it does is magnify who you are."
Many polls have shown Mrs Clinton's lead over Republican rival Mr Trump getting smaller since the email controversy reappeared in headlines on Friday.
But a Reuters/Ipsos daily tracking poll released late on Wednesday showed her six percentage points ahead - the same advantage she held before FBI director James Comey's controversial announcement.
Another poll by The New York Times/CBS gave the Democratic nominee a 3% lead, with 45% against Mr Trump's 42%.
Her advantage is even stronger given that a victory on 8 November depends on the Electoral College system.
Image: Donald Trump 'doesn't have a clue', Mrs Clinton says
To win, a candidate needs a majority of 270 votes and, with large states such as New York and California usually going to the Democrats, Mrs Clinton looks likely to get at least 226 votes.
She will also need to do well in swing states such as North Carolina, Virginia, Florida, Ohio, Arizona and Iowa.
Mr Trump, on the other hand, has a tougher ride to the White House.
He looks likely to win just 180 votes, leaving him relying even more heavily on those swing states.
Florida - or, more specifically, its 29 electoral votes - has been a major focus in the campaign and a RealClearPolitics average of polls there puts Mr Trump just 0.7% ahead.
Florida: The battle Trump must win
It was Florida where Mr Trump was campaigning on Wednesday, projecting a confident exterior, telling supporters in Pensacola: "It's feeling like it already, isn't it?"
He added: "We've got to be nice and cool, nice and cool. Alright, stay on point, Donald, stay on point.
"No sidetracks, Donald, nice and easy."
The financial world was not taking the possibility of a Trump win quite as calmly, however.
Mrs Clinton is favoured by financial markets, seen as a candidate who would maintain the status quo, inspiring stability.
But Mr Trump's views on foreign policy, trade and immigration appear to prompt the uncertainty that puts investors on edge.
Stocks around the world fell on Wednesday, along with the US dollar and oil, while safe havens such as gold and currencies including the euro, yen and the Swiss franc gained strength.
The Dow, S&P 500 and the Nasdaq 0.93% were all down in Wednesday trading.
US election: An unsteady world watches and waits
Chris Weston, chief market strategist at broker IG Research, said: "Despite all the thoughts about central bank policy changes, improving inflation trends and ever-changing economics, politics dominates markets above all else."
Mr Trump was not deterred, however, and told his supporters in Florida that Mrs Clinton was "totally unhinged".
Mrs Clinton, speaking at a rally in Las Vegas, said Mr Trump was "out of his depth".
She added: "He doesn't have a clue."
Florida sheriff says one suspect's parents are in "total denial" of their daughter's online activity.
Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd talks about the events leading up to the arrest over the weekend of two juvenile girls in a Florida bullying case at a news conference in Winter Haven, Fla., Oct. 15. (Photo11: Calvin Knight, The Ledger, via AP) Story Highlights One 12-year-old suspect shows "remorse and cooperation"
Boyfriend at the center of the feud says he was "shocked" by girl's death
If convicted, the suspects are unlikely to serve much jail time, if any
The sheriff who arrested two girls for allegedly bullying a 12-year-old into committing suicide says authorities are trying to decide whether they can also charge one of the suspect's parents.
The pair — ages 12 and 14 — were arrested Monday and charged with third-degree felony aggravated stalking in connection with the death of Rebecca Sedwick, of Lakeland, Fla., who jumped from a cement factory tower Sept. 9.
Rebecca, who authorities say was bullied relentlessly for months, was "terrorized" by as many as 15 girls physically and online. One message to Rebecca said she should "drink bleach and die.''
Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd said Tuesday that the bullying began after the 14-year-old suspect began dating a boy Rebecca had been seeing. She "began to harass and ultimately torment Rebecca," Judd said, and prodded the 12-year-old to join in.
The younger suspect has shown "remorse and cooperation" over the incident and was released into her parents' custody, according to the Polk County Sheriff's Office. The older suspect, described by Judd as "very cold," is in the custody of the Department of Juvenile Justice.
The sheriff said authorities are still investigating the girls, and also trying to decide whether the parents should be charged.
"I'm aggravated that the parents aren't doing what parents should do," Judd told reporters. "Responsible parents take disciplinary action."
CYBERBULLYING: A wake-up call for parents about monitoring Web use
Judd told NBC's Today on Wednesday that investigators so far have found no criminal charges that could be filed against the parents, "but if we can find contributing to the delinquency of a child, we would certainly bring that charge."
He said the parents of the 14-year-old suspect are in "total denial."
"They don't think there is a problem here, and that is the problem," he said. Judd added that the girl's parents gave her back her Facebook access even after learning about her alleged bullying of Rebecca. "That's terrible," he said. "That's why we moved fast to lock their daughter up."
Rebecca Sedwick, 12, of Lakeland, Fla., is shown in a family photo. She killed herself Sept. 9, 2013, after enduring months of bullying . (Photo11: Family photo via WTSP-TV)
The sheriff said the tipping point leading to the arrests came when the older suspect allegedly posted on Facebook on Saturday: "Yes ik [I know] I bullied REBECCA nd she killed her self but IDGAF [I don't give a (expletive)]"
"We decided, look, we can't leave her out there," the sheriff told reporters. "Who else is she going to torment? Who else is she going to harass? Who is the next person she verbally and mentally abuses and attacks?"
The suspect told deputies that her Facebook account was hacked and that she did not write that post, WTSP-TV reported.
CLOSE A 12-year-old girl and a 14-year-old girl have been arrested for bullying after their schoolmate Rebecca Sedwick took her own life. The young suspects have been charged with felony aggravated stalking. VPC
A man who answered the phone at the older suspect's Lakeland home told the Associated Press that he was her father and said that "none of it's true."
"My daughter's a good girl, and I'm 100% sure that whatever they're saying about my daughter is not true," he said.
A man who answered the door at the home of the younger suspect identified himself as her father. He told WTSP that he had lost a daughter himself years ago and that his whole family is devastated over what happened to Rebecca.
"I feel horrible about the whole situation, but like I said, there are two sides to every story," he told the Tampa TV station.
"The day that this happened, we all felt super horrible. I've even brought my daughter numerous times to the grave where she jumped. She even went over there and prayed at night, but that's all that can be done right now and I can't really say too much more," he said.
John Borgen, the boyfriend at the center of the feud between Rebecca and the two suspects, said he was "shocked" by her suicide.
"(It) made me mad because she should have just told somebody," Borgen told WTSP. He said he knew as many as 15 girls from school were teaming up against his former girlfriend, but never expected what happened.
"They need to take life seriously," Borgen said. "Why do you need to be bullying somebody?"
Rebecca's mother, Tricia Norman, told reporters that the day the arrests were announced was "really rough," WTSP-TV reported.
"It is bittersweet for me," she said. "There's some relief. There's some regret. There's some sadness because of her birthday being this weekend."
Norman, who has created an anti-bullying page on Facebook in her daughter's name, said the suspects needed help.
"I can't say that I want these girls to spend the rest of their time in jail or any time in jail, but they do need serious rehabilitation," she told reporters.
Rebecca's mother said both girls were former friends of her daughter and that the younger girl had even been in her home for a slumber party.
"I had to ask her to leave because of problems with other girls. She was doing bad things and gossiping; she made other girls cry," she said. "I told her she had to leave. I always had a bad feeling about that girl."
Sheriff Judd, noting the suspects have clean criminal records, said that the girls — if convicted — are not likely to serve much time in jail, if any.
Contributing: Associated Press
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1gknOcw
Close
Mophie has announced a juice pack for the new Samsung Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 edge that can be charged wirelessly.
Mophie makes smartphone cases for a variety of handsets available in the market, but it seems the S7 lineup is getting a special treatment as the battery pack for the Samsung flagships are the first that can be charged wirelessly with a charging mat.
"The new wireless charging feature is compatible with Qi and other charging standards, including Samsung's wireless charge pads," says Mophie. "Designed for edge-to-edge protection, the juice pack uses Mophie's proprietary Impact-Isolation System which adds extra cushion to the edges and corners of the protective case for unrivaled support."
Customers will be able to charge the case as well as the mobile phone without taking off the case. However, users will need a traditional microUSB cable for dual charging.
Mophie suggests that the new juice pack for the Galaxy S7 will provide about 11 additional hours of talk time, 4 extra hours of web browsing, up to 7 more hours of watching videos and nearly 28 additional hours of listening to music.
Meanwhile, the Galaxy S7 edge juice pack adds up to 13 hours of talk time, 5 extra hours of web browsing, up to 11 hours of additional video playback and 40 more hours of music playback.
A 3,000 mAh battery powers the Galaxy S7 while a bigger 3,600 mAh battery fuels the Galaxy S7 edge. Both batteries are bigger than their predecessors so they should provide more usage time to customers.
Samsung has launched the Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 edge in two models: one running on Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor and the other on Samsung Exynos 8890 chipset. Qualcomm suggests that Snapdragon 820 improves the battery life of handsets, which means that the latest Samsung offerings will lengthen usage time.
Both the handsets also run on Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system, which brings a number of battery-preserving features such as Doze and App Standby modes.
Customers looking to purchase a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 edge should already expect long-lasting batteries. Nevertheless, the juice pack is surely good news for heavy users who love to do multitasking, video and audio playback and gaming on their smartphones.
Mophie has confirmed that the juice pack will have a price tag of $99.95 and will be available in black. The battery case for the Galaxy S7 will also be available in gold hue. The case maker has not confirmed the release date of the battery packs.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
RED cards could be introduced into the laws of cricket for the first time next year following an MCC World Cricket Committee meeting in India.
The committee met in Mumbai and said it will propose a new law that players could be shown a red card by match officials for threatening an umpire, physically assaulting another player, umpire, official or spectator or for any other act of violence on the field of play.
Committee member and former Australia captain Ricky Ponting believes stricter deterrents are needed to ensure such acts don't become a part of the game.
“It's got to the state where something had to happen to prevent those things happening on the international stage,” Ponting said.
Umpire Billy Bowden jokingly shows bowler Glenn McGrath a red card after he pretended to bowl underarm in 2005. Source: News Corp Australia
“The modern player now understands their role in society, about being role models and want to play the game the right way for younger kids.”
The committee also debated punishments, including run penalties and sin bins for lesser offences, but decided that it would be difficult to achieve consistency. But it may introduce an appendix to the laws in order for governing bodies or leagues to implement their own system.
The committee also agreed that limitations to the sizes of bats should be added to the laws as it believes “the balance of the game has tilted too far in the batsman's favour.”
The International Cricket Council in June recommended that bat sizes be limited, with too many mis-hits still going for four or six in the modern game.
Ricky Ponting is a member of the MCC World Cricket Committee. Source: AFP
Bat edges will have a maximum allowance of 40mm and bat depths must not exceed 67mm (60mm plus an allowance of 7mm for a possible curve on the face of the bat).
“Many of the top players' bats have edges of between 38mm and 42mm, but there are some which have edges of up to 50mm, which was felt to be excessive and in need of restriction,” the committee said.
A bat gauge will be used to enforce the new resolution in the professional game but a moratorium will allow amateur players to continue to use their existing bats which may be in breach of the new law.
Among the committee's other discussions:
* Catches and stumpings will now be permitted after the ball has struck a helmet being worn by a fielder, or become lodged or trapped in the grille of a helmet. But a ball hitting an unattended helmet behind the wicketkeeper will still earn five runs for the batting side.
* The committee decided the laws on ball tampering will not be changed.
* The committee was split on the idea of four-day Tests.
* The committee also reiterated its support for Twenty20 to be added to the Olympic charter and that a World Test Championship should be introduced.
The MCC (Marylebone Cricket Club) is the guardian of the laws and spirit of the game, and its world cricket committee — established in 2006 and comprised of 12 current and former top international players — has been a leading independent voice on the game's major issues.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
A McDonald's store in the Philippines. (Flickr) Ad Policy
Alleging unpaid wages and repeated retaliation, McDonald's workers in central Pennsylvania launched a surprise strike at 11 this morning. The strikers are student guest workers from Latin America and Asia, brought to the United States under the controversial J-1 cultural exchange visa program. Their employer is one of the thousands of McDonald's franchisees with whom the company contracts to run its ubiquitous stores.
“We are afraid,” striker Jorge Victor Rios told The Nation prior to the work stoppage. “But we are trying to overcome our fear.”
The McDonald's corporation did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The J-1 visa program is officially intended to promote educational and cultural exchange. But advocates allege that J-1, like the other guest worker programs that collectively bring hundreds of thousands of workers in and out of the United States each year, is rife with abuse. The National Guestworker Alliance (NGA), the organization spearheading today's strike, charges that such programs—whose future is intimately tied up with the fate of comprehensive immigration reform—offer ample opportunities for employers to intimidate workers, suppress organizing and drive down labor standards.
“McDonald's is just the latest in a long line of corporations that have hijacked the US guest worker program to get cheap, exploitable labor, and that's what the students are,” NGA Executive Director Saket Soni told The Nation. “The conditions are horrific, but have become the norm for guest workers.”
The workers are striking over what they charge are rampant abuses at their stores in Harrisburg and nearby Lemoyne and Camp Hill. According to NGA, the visiting students each paid $3,000 or more for the chance to come and work, and were promised full-time employment; most received only a handful of hours a week, while others worked shifts as long as twenty-five hours straight, without being paid overtime. “Their employer is also their landlord,” said Soni. “They're earning sub-minimum wages, and then paying it back in rent” to share a room with up to seven co-workers. “Their weekly net pay is actually sometimes brought as low as zero.”
“We are living in [a] basement,” said Rios, “cramped together, with no divisions, in bunkbeds which are meant for children.”
“We suffered some humiliating moments” he added. “Managers would mock us or make fun of us because we were making mistakes at the beginning.” While they had been promised transportation to work, he charged, instead “we have to walk along the highway, and cars pass us by very closely, and on several occasions we were almost hit by cars.”
NGA also charges that management required the guest workers to be on call twenty-four hours a day, ready to show up for work at thirty minutes' notice, and that workers have been subject to threats and retaliation for speaking up or turning down work. Rios said that once, when he refused a last-minute request to come into work, “they said, ‘OK, then don't complain when we give you even fewer hours.' And they did.” Another time, he added, “they actually threatened one of our roommates by saying that they're just a call away from sending him back to his home country.”
Organizers expect seventeen guest workers to participate in today's strike, which begins with an 11 am march headed from the basements where they live to the stores where they work. In the coming weeks, workers will travel to Washington, DC, and to McDonald's headquarters in Chicago, where they will demand that the chain crack down on labor abuses by its franchisees, and that it ensure the workers receive all unpaid wages. “The workers want to bring the problem to the doorstep of their real boss,” said Soni.
“This has really been a nightmare,” said Rios. “Because we paid so much money to come here to make these people richer, and then being mistreated…everything is so bad.”
The guest workers' strike comes three months after another work stoppage in McDonald's' supply chain: As I first reported at Salon, 200 total New York City fast food workers from several fast food companies staged a one-day walkout on November 29. Interviewed last month, New York McDonald's worker Alterique Hall told The Nation that he was talking with his co-workers about a second, bigger strike, “hopefully soon.”
Today's strike also bears major similarities to one that took place two years ago, and a few miles away: In August 2011, guest workers on J-1 visas mounted a strike against a Hershey's Chocolate factory in Hershey, Pennsylvania. Backed by NGA and local organized labor, the workers alleged that Hershey's had manipulated the J-1 program (and several layers of sub-contracting) in order to replace better-paid union members with temporary guest labor. Under a settlement with the Department of Labor, companies in Hershey's supply chain ultimately agreed to implement new labor protections, and to pay $213,000 in unpaid wages and $143,000 for health and safety infractions.
Following the well-publicized Hershey's strike, last year the State Department announced changes to the J-1 program intended to reduce abuse. But Rios said that contacting the State Department a week and a half ago had only made his situation worse. He said that the US government responded by contacting GeoVisions, the organization that sponsored the trip; that triggered an unannounced visit to Rios's shared basement room by a GeoVisions representative and Rios's boss, McDonald's franchisee Andy Cheung. (GeoVisions did not immediately respond to a request for comment.)
Rios said that Cheung yelled at him, while the GeoVisions staffer stood by, hands shaking, acting like Cheung was his boss as well. “You could see he was scared,” said Rios. “He would say things like, ‘This doesn't look so bad to me.' ”
“It was clear to everyone that it was an intimidation tactic,” said Soni. According to NGA, Cheung is about to bring another wave of J-1 students into the country to work at his McDonald's stores.
The McDonald's work stoppage plays out as Washington debates comprehensive immigration reform, and unions join NGA in warning against expanding guest worker programs without strengthening worker protections. On a conference call last month, AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka told reporters, “History shows us that guest worker programs create a second class of workers.” Since then, the AFL-CIO and the US Chamber of Commerce announced agreement on a general framework for a guest worker compromise to be included in an overall bill. That framework reportedly includes guest worker protections, but both parties said the details remain incomplete.
NGA members traveled to the capitol last month to seek legislators' support for the POWER Act, legislative language designed to protect immigrant workers from retaliation for organizing. Interviewed in Spanish (for an article in next month's issue of Dissent), Martha Uvalle, one of the eight guest workers who went on strike at the Walmart supplier CJ's Seafood last summer, said that if the law doesn't improve, abuses will continue, and “there will be many more guest workers that come forward to fight. And we hope that, with that effort, someday we will change the structure of all of this.”
Soni said today's strike “has huge implications for immigration reform” and called it “the greatest example of why we need fundamental changes to guest worker programs…so that any immigrant worker setting foot in the United States has the same rights as American workers.”
“We really don't want this happening to anyone else,” said Rios. “We don't want anyone to go through this anymore. That's why we're doing this.”
Opening the borders is a way for the US to repay its debts to the Global South, Aura Bogado says.
Health department seeks end to billing rape victims
BATON ROUGE - Louisiana's health department says it will seek law changes to stop billing sexual assault victims for exams and tests.
The announcement Monday from the Department of Health and Hospitals was a response to criticism from victims' advocacy groups and lawmakers, when they learned that women who have been raped were being billed for treatment.
The law changes will be proposed in the legislative session that begins in April.
The health department's plan will ban billing of treatment charges to the victim and let hospitals directly seek reimbursement from the Crime Victim's Reparation Board.
Currently, the board can't accept bills from directly from the medical provider for treatment of rape and sexual assault victims, and victims who don't file a police report have been deemed ineligible for reimbursement.
Sen. Minority Leader Charles Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (D-N.Y.) said on Sunday that he is prepared to leave open the ninth seat on the Supreme Court.
“If the nominee is not bipartisan and mainstream, we absolutely will keep the seat open,” Schumer told CNN's “State of the Union.”
The Supreme Court vacancy has been open since last February, when Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia passed away.
ADVERTISEMENT
Schumer said he is prepared to fight "tooth and nail" should Trump not choose a mainstream nominee.
Former President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE had nominated Merrick Garland to fill the vacancy. The Senate did not take up Garland's nomination for a vote.
Garland reportedly returned to his job as a federal appeals court judge last week.
Schumer on Sunday also railed against Trump's Cabinet picks, calling his selections "troubling."
Is bit shifting in JavaScript fast?
As a programmer, we know that bitwise operators are fast. And to optimize our code, we usually replace the regular operators like multiply, divide to bit shifting.
On currently available processors, a bit-wise shift instruction is faster than a multiply instruction and can be used to multiply (shift left) and divide (shift right) by powers of two. - Wikipedia
For example, we can use left shift instead of multiply:
$ (4 \times 2) = (4 \ll 1) = 8 $
Or we can use right shift for division:
$ (16 \div 4) = (16 \gg 2) = 4 $
In fact, some modern compilers automatically convert multiplication to left shift, for example, let's take a look at this simple C program:
shift_test.c
int main() { int a = 10; return a * 2; }
If you compile it with Apple's LLVM compiler (on macOS, gcc is just a symlink to LLVM clang ):
gcc -S shift_test.c -o shift.s
The assembler code should look like:
//allocate a variable, bind it with 10 movl $10, -8(%rbp) movl -8(%rbp), %eax // shift 1 bit left (a << 1) shll $1, %eax // return the value popq %rbp retq
So, how about JavaScript? Let's do some benchmark.
We will benchmark these two cases, and you can run it yourself here on JSPerf:
Case 1: Using multiply operator
let a = 10; a * 2;
Case 2: Using left shift
let a = 10; a << 1;
And here's the result on some popular browsers:
Browser a * 2 a << 1 Firefox 57.0.0 1,728,015,792 ops/sec (faster) 1,707,778,280 ops/sec Chrome 61.0.3163 633,856,007 ops/sec (faster) 621,598,716 ops/sec Safari 11.0.0 1,691,557,398 ops/sec (faster) 1,644,711,522 ops/sec
Surprisingly, all of the browsers give us the same result, left shift is slower than multiply. Why?
The reason is hiding behind the implementation of these operators. Let's take a look at the ECMAScript specs to find the answer.
So this is the algorithm behind left shift operator (LEFT << RIGHT):
Let lref be the result of evaluating LEFT. Let lval be GetValue(lref). ReturnIfAbrupt(lval). Let rref be the result of evaluating RIGHT. Let rval be GetValue(rref). ReturnIfAbrupt(rval). Let lnum be ToInt32(lval) . ReturnIfAbrupt(lnum). Let rnum be ToUint32(rval) . ReturnIfAbrupt(rnum). Let shiftCount be the result of masking out all but the least significant 5 bits of rnum, that is, compute rnum & 0x1F . Return the result of left shifting lnum by shiftCount bits. The result is a signed 32-bit integer.
And the algorithm behind multiply operator (LEFT * RIGHT):
Let left be the result of evaluating LEFT. Let leftValue be GetValue(left). ReturnIfAbrupt(leftValue). Let right be the result of evaluating RIGHT. Let rightValue be GetValue(right). Let lnum be ToNumber(leftValue) . ReturnIfAbrupt(lnum). Let rnum be ToNumber(rightValue) . ReturnIfAbrupt(rnum). Return the result of applying the operator (*, /, or %) to lnum and rnum (in this case is multiply).
That's a lot of things happen in just an operation! And let's look closer at the two function calls ToInt32() , ToUint32() call of left shift, compared to the two ToNumber() calls of multiply.
The algorithm behind ToInt32() function:
Let number be ToNumber(argument) . ReturnIfAbrupt(number). If number is NaN, +0, −0, +∞, or −∞, return +0. Let int be the mathematical value that is the same sign as number and whose magnitude is floor(abs(number)) . Let int32bit be int modulo $2^{32}$. If int32bit ≥ $2^{31}$, return int32bit − $2^{32}$, otherwise return int32bit.
And the algorithm behind ToUint32():
Let number be ToNumber(argument) . ReturnIfAbrupt(number). If number is NaN, +0, −0, +∞, or −∞, return +0. Let int be the mathematical value that is the same sign as number and whose magnitude is floor(abs(number)) . Let int32bit be int modulo $2^{32}$. Return int32bit .
These implementations even make the call to ToNumber() , on the other hand, this is the implementation of ToNumber() if the argument is a number:
Return argument (no conversion).
Nothing happens, just return the value directly. So, by analyzing the algorithms, we can definitely say that ToNumber() is way faster than ToInt32() and ToUint32() . And so on, we can say the multiply algorithm is faster than left shift algorithm.
It's very interesting that it turned out bitwise shifting is not as fast as we think because of the underlying implementation of JavaScript.
Thank you so much for reading this. I hope you found this post helpful. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated!
Paying with cash is painful — and that's a good thing, according to new research.
When people pay for items using cold, hard cash rather than by card or online, they feel more of a sting and therefore assign more value to the purchase, according to Avni M. Shah, an assistant marketing professor at the University of Toronto Scarborough. Her findings were born of personal experience: One day she forgot her debit card, so she paid for a latte with physical dollars — and felt her drink tasted better that day. Could her method of payment have been the reason?
She tested her theory two years ago, when she was a doctoral student at Duke University. She decided to sell discounted mugs with the Duke University logo on them to school staff and faculty in their offices. She asked one group to pay $2 for the mugs with cash. The other group had to pay with a card.
Then Professor Shah returned to each purchaser two hours later and said she needed to buy the mug back. To soften the blow, she asked the buyers to name their price. The people who had paid for the mug with a card asked for an average of $3.83 back, while those who had paid with cash asked, on average, for $6.71.
“Some of the cash folks literally blocked their hand over the mug and said, ‘You can't take this back,'” Professor Shah said.
IN SPACE - MAY 29: In this handout provided by National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), back dropped by planet Earth the International Space Station (ISS) is seen from NASA space shuttle Endeavour after the station and shuttle began their post-undocking relative separation May 29, 2011 in space. After 20 years, 25 missions and more than 115 million miles in space, NASA space shuttle Endeavour is on the last leg of its final flight to the International Space Station before being retired and donated to the California Science Center in Los Angeles. Capt. Mark E. Kelly, U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords' (D-AZ) husband, has lead mission STS-134 as it delivered the Express Logistics Carrier-3 (ELC-3) and the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer (AMS-2) to the International Space Station. (Photo by NASA via Getty Images) (NASA/GETTY IMAGES)
Update: YouTube entries are due on Dec. 7; the deadline was listed incorrectly on the competition's Web site.
Your idea, in space. That's the main thrust behind a new contest from YouTube and Lenovo that offers a grand prize like no other: winners will see their experiments performed live on the International Space Station.
The YouTube SpaceLab project, which launched this week, is a new one-of-a-kind competition for high school students aimed at getting teenagers more interested in science. Student ages 14 to 18 can submit their experiments on biology and physics to the contest to an all-star panel of judges including world-renowned scientist Stephen Hawking. Other judges include NASA administrators William Gerstenmaier and Leland Melvin, European Space Agency astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti, Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency astronaut Akihito Hoshide and Cirque du Soleil founder Guy Laliberte. Zahaan Bharmal, Google's head of marketing for Europe, the Middle East and Africa, said all of the judges were excited to participate in the contest and motivate the next generation of scientists.
Students may submit experiments individually or in groups of up to three young scientists. Six regional winners will win a trip to Washington, D.C. and will get to experience a zero-gravity flight.
Two global winners — one from the 14-16 age group and one from the 17-18 age group — will have their experiments conducted on the International Space Station and livestreamed over YouTube. The winners also will be given the option to either fly to Japan to see the shuttle containing their experiment launched into space or given a chance to train at Star City, the Russian training camp for astronauts.
The experiment video applications are due to YouTube by Dec. 13 Dec. 7, and the contest requires parental permission to enter.
The contest is thanks in large part to Bharmal, who has had keen interest in space for years. He said that launching this contest is the “realization of a long-time dream.”
“Space changed my life,” Bharmal said. “When I was teenager I wasn't interested in anything. Being interested in space motivated me to study hard and work hard.” Bharmal later went on to study physics at Oxford University before joining Google and has been a vocal proponent of teaching young people about space.
“If our competition can just play a small part in getting kids interested in science, then we'll be very, very happy,” Bharmal said. “My vision is the final live stream will be the world's largest science classroom.”
Related stories:
More technology coverage from The Post
YouTube offers new editing tools
BlogPost: YouTube launches Space Lab, the latest in crowdsourcing academia
Not to be confused with a back-to-back filming schedule, the next four Avatar sequels will be shot side by side. A scene from the second film today perhaps, a scene from the fourth tomorrow, and then back to a scene from the third film the next day. The scenario I've just mentioned isn't literally what the Avatar sequels' filming schedule looks like, but that's what James Cameron means by calling it a simultaneous shoot. Principle photography for the four films has begun just yesterday.
That said, how many people are actually excited about the prospect of at least four more Avatar films? If the results of our poll over at our YouTube channel are any indication, only about 20% are entirely on board. And while the sample size of the audience of moviegoers is relatively small (at just over 250 participants), our demographics are geared towards a more geek culture savvy audience, a culture that currently dominates the box office numbers. That means, of the people who are most willing to spend time and money on this kind of franchise, very few actually care.
And there are a number of reasons this news is garnering such a poor response. 1) The sequels are too late, having not struck while the iron was hot. 2) Nostalgia for the franchise hasn't sunk in, and probably never will. 3) The moviegoing landscape has changed dramatically. And 4) the film was more of an impressive display of 3D technology than it actually was a solid film.
UPDATE: The four sequels have a combined budget of $1 BILLION, meaning the budget allotted to each is more or less $250 million.
What are your thoughts? Is 4 films too many? Because it's the highest grossing film of all time, does that necessarily mean it needs to have a sequel? And is it too late to do so?
Wicca
Join Date: Jan 2008 Posts: 7,170 Norway Norway Location: Vestfold
PRTA Training Event 17th of March PRTA Training Scenario!
Training!
We in PRTA are going to perform a training excersice. Which will just be our way of having some fun and disect the ideas of tactics, teamwork and communication.
We would like to invite the PR community to join us. And as such, we will provide a great evening full of fun on a custom map.
Map
Karez Offensive
Scenario
2 squads will load up into 2 helicopters and attack villages in the desert. Might have more squads, depending on how many show up for the event.
After each attack, there will be a debrief, and both teams will be able to give their oppinion on how the other team did. We will also switch roles, so both sides can do both things.
Signup thread:
Map Download:
Time: 1800 PRT 17th of march.
I will provide the server password in the servername. This aswell as ensuring anyone who joins the event, use teamspeak on: 188.40.118.13 or ts.prta.co
See you there, or be a square. We in PRTA are going to perform a training excersice. Which will just be our way of having some fun and disect the ideas of tactics, teamwork and communication.We would like to invite the PR community to join us. And as such, we will provide a great evening full of fun on a custom map.Karez Offensive2 squads will load up into 2 helicopters and attack villages in the desert. Might have more squads, depending on how many show up for the event.After each attack, there will be a debrief, and both teams will be able to give their oppinion on how the other team did. We will also switch roles, so both sides can do both things.Signup thread: PRTA Training Scenario 17th of March Signup | PRTA - Project Reality Teamwork Alliance Map Download: DOWNLOAD ME Time: 1800 PRT 17th of march.I will provide the server password in the servername. This aswell as ensuring anyone who joins the event, use teamspeak on: 188.40.118.13 or ts.prta.coSee you there, or be a square.
December 3, 2014
2014-12-04T18:19:50-05:00
https://images.c-span.org/Files/e06/20141204182252003_hd.jpg
The British House of Commons Defence Committee held a hearing on coalition efforts against ISIS* militants and their advances on targets in Iraq and Syria. Witnesses included the British deputy chief of defense staff and the senior defense adviser to the Middle East in the Foreign Commonwealth Office. Topics included training the Iraqi forces, the role of the U.S. and the U.K. in Iraq, and the political climate in the Middle East.
*The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), also known as the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), is a militant group that has called itself the Islamic State.
The British House of Commons Defence Committee held a hearing on coalition efforts against ISIS* militants and their advances on targets in… read more
Ahead of Computex 2015 in Taipei, KitGuru was given exclusive access to Silverstone' Technology's headquarters. Centre stage was a series of new case models, which have an interesting common ancestry. Silverstone's Technical Marketing guru, Tony Ou, was on hand to explain what makes this new line-up of micro-ATX cases special.
Almost immediately, an interesting question came up during our meeting with Tony: With a case manufacturer, who designs the underlying framework? The question is interesting, because it forces a separation in thinking between the frame and the final, completed model, with branded bezel, that goes on sale to the public.
“We work with factories that have their own highly skilled R&D teams”, explained Tony Ou in a conversation with KitGuru's Andrzej. “While the final look, feel and configuration is always ours, around half the time the actual framework will come from the factory's R&D team”.
One platform, three PC cases Silverstone's new family of micro-ATX PC cases consists of three models, which are very different and are designed for different types of computers, but which share the same platform.
“What makes the final variations possible, was a huge effort from our design team on the underlying chassis framework before we went anywhere near the factory,” said the expert. “We had a new level of flexibility in mind before we started – and we've worked hard to see that innovation through to the final models.”
One of the chassis is designed for maximum noise suppression, another is aimed at customers with extreme storage requirements and the third one is made specifically for enthusiasts, who prefer small form-factor micro-ATX platforms.
“The usage scenarios we had in mind were noise suppression, extreme storage and something for the serious micro ATX enthusiast”, said Tony.
Silverstone TJ08-Pro: World's first micro-ATX case with USB type-C connector
Personal computers in general are getting smaller. There are a lot of people who prefer compact systems nowadays. By contrast, full-tower PCs are getting less popular. But while end-users want smaller computers, they are generally not willing to sacrifice performance for dimensions. As a result, modern PC cases should be architected to handle power-hungry and overclocked components. This is exactly what the Silverstone TJ08 Pro is.
“The TJ08-Pro is aimed at the enthusiast market, with the best air flow ever for a micro ATX chassis,” said Mr. Ou. “We tweaked every part of the design to ensure optimal airflow for the CPU and GPU as well as creating the best possible overall ambient temperatures inside.”
Maximum cooling efficiency in a compact form-factor seems like an impressively bold claim, but this is something that will need to be put to the test independently.
Yet another impressive feature of the TJ08-Pro are two USB 3.1 type-C reversible ports on the front panel. The new case from Silverstone will be one of the first cases with USB type-C receptacles in the DIY market.
“We are also proud to reveal that it has a pair of USB Type C connectors on the facia,” we were told. “We're expecting to see a lot more of this in 2015.”
While the final pricing will be set shortly, from what Tony Ou said we guess that the aluminium TJ08-Pro will come in around the £89 inc vat mark in the U.K.
Silverstone Precision PS07-E: The silent predator
Because small form-factor systems with serious compute power usually require more fans than large PCs, in many cases high-performance compact computers are noisy. In a bid to address that problem, Silverstone has developed its Precision PS07-E, a micro-ATX chassis with maximum noise suppression.
“We use the ‘E' suffix for ‘Evolution' on the Precision PS07-E variant for this chassis frame,” said Tony Ou as he moved onto the largest of the three units. “The original PS07 had a single 180mm fan at the front, but we have replaced that with a pair of whisper quiet 120mm fans. As you would expect in a silent chassis, we have included noise reduction material throughout, but the design innovations go beyond that. We even experimented with different vent sizes and angles along the side – each time checking to see which variation reduced noise the most. We are confident that this case is as quiet as we could make it.”
The Silverstone Precision PS07-E has an impressive look and can fit all modern CPUs and graphics cards. However, it was not easy to wed noise suppression materials with internal architecture that ensures efficient cable management.
“Another feature that was difficult to achieve was the bulges in the side panels”, Tony told us. “This additional space really helps with cable routing, but when you are working toward a price point, the metal panels are quite thin and the process to bend the metal becomes complicated. This was the point where the factory R&D guys really came into their own. They developed a special technique that not only made it easy for us to create the shape – the shape itself actually adds to the rigidity of the chassis overall”.
Despite the addition of all that noise reduction material, the sealed front panel and other bezel modifications, the underlying steel/plastic combination is likely to see the Precision PS07-E case come out at a lower price point than the TJ08-Pro.
Silverstone CS-380: The storage monster
The third case on Silversone's new micro-ATX family is the CS-380, the the storage monster as one might call it, which will be marketed under the name CS-380. One of the thing that gets noticed immediately about the case is the lack of painted inner panels.
“It has to be that way”, explained Tony Ou. “As well as PC enthusiasts who want a massive amount of internal, hot-swappable storage, we also believe that this chassis will be attractive for professional storage companies that want to build products like bespoke NAS devices. In that situation, painting the internals actually impacts the EM profile of the package in a negative way.”
The Silverstone CS-380 chassis can hold up to thirteen storage devices, an impressive number for a micro-ATX case. Moreover, eight of twelve drives can be hot-swapped, according to Tony Ou.
“Internally, we have a pair of four-drive back planes which makes swapping drives on the fly very simple,” said the technical marketing expert. “Technically, you can mount an additional 5.25” drive in the top of the case and we then have four bays for 2.5” drives.”
KitGuru reported back in January about Toshiba's launch of its 3TB 2.5” drive. Which means you can install nine full size 6TB drives, three 3TB 2.5” drives and still boot from a 1TB SSD.
“Yes,” Tony Ou confirmed. “In that configuration, you would have micro-ATX desktop system with around 64TB of storage available.”
All of this additional technology has a price, but with a street estimate around £165 inc vat, it shouldn't put off users who have enough cash for 64TB of storage.
Discuss on our Facebook page, HERE.
KitGuru says: It is an impressive way to adapt a single framework to three very different scenarios. As we left, we did ask Tony Ou if we had missed anything. “They all support water cooling,” he replied. You should see these in stores across the globe soon after Computex.
To say that there are many Falcons who will be facing critical seasons in 2012 would be an understatement. There's a lot of proving to be done.
So I've created a list, albeit an incomplete one, of Falcons who I believe will definitely be back this season. Every one of these guys has something important to do, whether it be stepping up over a disappointing 2011, taking the next step in their development or earning one more big payday.
Truncated list available after the jump.
QB Matt Ryan: The objective is simply this: Win a playoff game and get a horde of journalistic monkeys off your back. Ryan's done great work for the Falcons for the last four seasons and is one of the better young quarterbacks in the NFL today, but there are a lot of pundits and fans that need that playoff win to give him the props he's deserved for a while now.
Put together another quality season—one even better than last year would be welcome!—and take that step in the post-season. That ought to do it.
RB Michael Turner: Despite the speculation—I've done my fair share of it—I think he's a Falcon in 2012. Turner will be a free agent in 2013 and needs a big year to grab one last contract as a starter, either in Atlanta or elsewhere. With a different offensive line and a fresh set of legs, he'll hopefully get it.
RB Jacquizz Rodgers: Mike Smith says he believes Rodgers can be a three-down back. With a more Jacquizz-friendly system in place, let's see what the new year brings.
T Will Svitek: Svitek parlayed a Sam Baker injury into a starting gig and was a pretty decent left tackle for much of the season. The Falcons are sure to bring in competition or thrust Baker back into the spotlight, but Svitek has a chance to earn himself a starter's contract by playing well again in 2012.
DE Ray Edwards: An elite run-stopper in 2011 for a team that desperately wanted a pass rush upgrade, Edwards may not be long for the Falcons and new DC Mike Nolan if he can't step it up in that department. The team will want to see signs of pass rushing life from RE and will hopefully get them.
DE Lawrence Sidbury: Rarely used under Brian Van Gorder, Sidbury has five sacks in three years as a situational pass rusher. Last season he got four of those, giving me some hope for his future.
The Falcons may not re-sign John Abraham, Kroy Biermann or both, opening up a starting spot for Sidbury. If he can thrive in Nolan's blitz-happy schemes, he may be able to land a long-term deal with the Falcons and help solve the team's pass-rushing woes. I'd love to see it happen.
DT Peria Jerry: Jerry will be 28 by the time the season starts and will have logged time in 34 games in three seasons for the Falcons. What does he have to show for that? Looks like 20 tackles, two sacks and two pass deflections.
You could make an airtight case that Jerry has been a bust thus far, thanks to injury, ineffectiveness and probably a host of other factors. If he wants to make a name for himself, prove he's not a bust and get another contract worth a damn down the line, he'll have to step it up in 2012. Hopefully he can thrive under Nolan.
OLB Sean Weatherspoon: Not that 'Spoon needs to prove anything, but you can bet he'll be playing with a chip on his shoulder after being passed over for a Pro Bowl berth in a huge breakout year. 'Spoon will be hungry for accolades and wins and should help the team get both as one of the NFL's most dominant outside 'backers.
CBs Chris Owens/Dominque Franks: Both young cornerbacks with promise who should improve in Nolan's tighter coverage schemes. Owens has been around longer and has to prove he can push past Franks for a starting job, while Franks will just look to deliver on his considerable potential. If they both can do well, the position suddenly looks a lot better in 2012.
S William Moore: He has elite ability but has been nagged by injuries his entire career. Hopefully he can put together a 16 game season of awesome this year.
P Matt Bosher: After struggling mightily to start his rookie season, Bosher was one of the best punters in the NFL down the stretch. He'll have to prove it was the first half that was the fluke, not the second.
So that's my list. Add more players as you see fit.
Chad Perry
Louisiana Libertarian Chad Perry was elected Justice of the Peace in ward seven in Saturday's runoff election.
Mr. Perry received 630 votes for 51.8%.
The election was a partisan race.
This makes four Lousiana LP candidates that were elected to office this year.
Mr. Perry was in the runoff election as nobody in his race received a majority of votes in the general election on November 4.
“With four candidates elected, two head to head, one of them being a run off, plus the highest percentage of votes for a federal candidate…it is safe to say that the Libertarian Party of Louisiana had the best results of the LP affiliates in the nation this fall!” said LPLA Executive Director Wendy Adams.
“Congratulations and many thanks to ALL of our candidates, officers, volunteers, and members. We are just getting started!”
ES2018 adds support for Unicode property escapes of the form \p{…} and \P{…} to JavaScript regular expressions.
This article explains what Unicode property escapes are, how they work, and why they're useful.
Introduction
The Unicode Standard assigns various properties and property values to every symbol. For example, to get the set of symbols that are used in the Greek script, search the Unicode database for symbols whose Script_Extensions property is set to Greek .
Unicode property escapes make it possible to access these Unicode character properties natively in ECMAScript regular expressions. For example, the pattern \p{Script_Extensions=Greek} matches every symbol that is used in the Greek script.
const regexGreekSymbol = /\p{Script_Extensions=Greek}/u;
regexGreekSymbol.test('π');
// → true
Previously, developers wishing to use equivalent regular expressions in JavaScript had to resort to large run-time dependencies or build scripts, both of which lead to performance and maintainability problems. With built-in support for Unicode property escapes, creating regular expressions based on Unicode properties couldn't be easier.
API
For optimal backwards compatibility, Unicode property escapes are only available in regular expressions with the u flag set.
Non-binary properties
Unicode property escapes for non-binary Unicode properties use the following syntax:
\p{UnicodePropertyName=UnicodePropertyValue}
The current proposal guarantees support for the following non-binary Unicode properties and their values: General_Category , Script , and Script_Extensions .
\p{General_Category=Decimal_Number}
\p{Script=Greek}
\p{Script_Extensions=Greek}
For General_Category values, the General_Category= part may be omitted.
\p{General_Category=Decimal_Number}
\p{Decimal_Number}
Binary properties
Trying to use the abovementioned syntax by specifying a value for a binary property triggers a syntax error. Since binary Unicode properties only have two possible values ( Yes or No ), you only need to specify the property name. Use \p{…} to match symbols having the property ( Yes ) and \P{…} to match the negated set ( No ).
\p{White_Space}
\P{White_Space}
The current proposal guarantees support for a subset of the available binary Unicode properties, including (but not limited to) the ones required by UTS18 RL1.2: ASCII , Alphabetic , Any , Assigned , Default_Ignorable_Code_Point , Lowercase , Noncharacter_Code_Point , Uppercase White_Space , et cetera. Note that this includes the binary properties defined in UTR51: Emoji , Emoji_Component , Emoji_Presentation , Emoji_Modifier , and Emoji_Modifier_Base .
Property and value aliases
The aliases defined in PropertyAliases.txt and PropertyValueAliases.txt may be used instead of the canonical property and value names. I wouldn't recommend doing so, as it makes the patterns harder to read.
The use of an unknown property name or value triggers a SyntaxError .
Examples
Matching emoji
To match emoji symbols, the binary properties from UTR51 come in handy.
const regex = /\p{Emoji_Modifier_Base}\p{Emoji_Modifier}?|\p{Emoji_Presentation}|\p{Emoji}\uFE0F/gu;
This regular expression matches, from left to right:
emoji with optional modifiers ( \p{Emoji_Modifier_Base}\p{Emoji_Modifier}? ); any remaining symbols that render as emoji rather than text by default ( \p{Emoji_Presentation} ); symbols that render as text by default, but are forced to render as emoji using U+FE0F VARIATION SELECTOR-16 ( \p{Emoji}\uFE0F ).
const regex = /\p{Emoji_Modifier_Base}\p{Emoji_Modifier}?|\p{Emoji_Presentation}|\p{Emoji}\uFE0F/gu;
const text = `
\u{231A}: ⌚ default emoji presentation character (Emoji_Presentation)
\u{2194}\u{FE0F}: ↔️ default text presentation character rendered as emoji
\u{1F469}: 👩 emoji modifier base (Emoji_Modifier_Base)
\u{1F469}\u{1F3FF}: 👩🏿 emoji modifier base followed by a modifier
`;
let match;
while (match = regex.exec(text)) {
const emoji = match[0];
console.log(`Matched sequence ${ emoji } — code points: ${ [...emoji].length }`);
}
Console output:
Matched sequence ⌚ — code points: 1
Matched sequence ⌚ — code points: 1
Matched sequence ↔️ — code points: 2
Matched sequence ↔️ — code points: 2
Matched sequence 👩 — code points: 1
Matched sequence 👩 — code points: 1
Matched sequence 👩🏿 — code points: 2
Matched sequence 👩🏿 — code points: 2
For a more complete solution that matches emoji sequences & ZWJ sequences as well, see emoji-regex . A follow-up proposal extends Unicode property escapes with new capabilities to make it easier to do things like matching emoji.
Unicode-aware version of \w
To match any word symbol in Unicode rather than just ASCII [a-zA-Z0-9_] , use [\p{Alphabetic}\p{Mark}\p{Decimal_Number}\p{Connector_Punctuation}\p{Join_Control}] as per UTS18.
const regex = /([\p{Alphabetic}\p{Mark}\p{Decimal_Number}\p{Connector_Punctuation}\p{Join_Control}]+)/gu;
const text = `
Amharic: የኔ ማንዣበቢያ መኪና በዓሣዎች ተሞልቷል
Bengali: আমার হভারক্রাফ্ট কুঁচে মাছ-এ ভরা হয়ে গেছে
Georgian: ჩემი ხომალდი საჰაერო ბალიშზე სავსეა გველთევზებით
Macedonian: Моето летачко возило е полно со јагули
Vietnamese: Tàu cánh ngầm của tôi đầy lươn
`;
let match;
while (match = regex.exec(text)) {
const word = match[1];
console.log(`Matched word with length ${ word.length }: ${ word }`);
}
Console output:
Matched word with length 7: Amharic
Matched word with length 2: የኔ
Matched word with length 6: ማንዣበቢያ
Matched word with length 3: መኪና
Matched word with length 5: በዓሣዎች
Matched word with length 5: ተሞልቷል
Matched word with length 7: Bengali
Matched word with length 4: আমার
Matched word with length 11: হভারক্রাফ্ট
Matched word with length 5: কুঁচে
Matched word with length 3: মাছ
Matched word with length 1: এ
Matched word with length 3: ভরা
Matched word with length 3: হয়ে
Matched word with length 4: গেছে
Matched word with length 8: Georgian
Matched word with length 4: ჩემი
Matched word with length 7: ხომალდი
Matched word with length 7: საჰაერო
Matched word with length 7: ბალიშზე
Matched word with length 6: სავსეა
Matched word with length 12: გველთევზებით
Matched word with length 10: Macedonian
Matched word with length 5: Моето
Matched word with length 7: летачко
Matched word with length 6: возило
Matched word with length 1: е
Matched word with length 5: полно
Matched word with length 2: со
Matched word with length 6: јагули
Matched word with length 10: Vietnamese
Matched word with length 3: Tàu
Matched word with length 4: cánh
Matched word with length 4: ngầm
Matched word with length 3: của
Matched word with length 3: tôi
Matched word with length 3: đầy
Matched word with length 4: lươn
Unicode-aware version of \d
To match any decimal number in Unicode rather than just ASCII [0-9] , use \p{Decimal_Number} instead of \d as per UTS18.
const regex = /^\p{Decimal_Number}+$/u;
regex.test('𝟏𝟐𝟑𝟜𝟝𝟞𝟩𝟪𝟫𝟬𝟭𝟮𝟯𝟺𝟻𝟼');
// → true
To match any numeric symbol in Unicode, including non-decimal symbols such as Roman numerals, use \p{Number} :
const regex = /^\p{Number}+$/u;
regex.test('²³¹¼½¾𝟏𝟐𝟑𝟜𝟝𝟞𝟩𝟪𝟫𝟬𝟭𝟮𝟯𝟺𝟻𝟼㉛㉜㉝ⅠⅡⅢⅣⅤⅥⅦⅧⅨⅩⅪⅫⅬⅭⅮⅯⅰⅱⅲⅳⅴⅵⅶⅷⅸⅹⅺⅻⅼⅽⅾⅿ');
// → true
Support
V8 ships with support for Unicode property escapes. JavaScriptCore has an implementation in Safari Technology Preview 42.
My regexpu transpiler supports Unicode property escapes when the { unicodePropertyEscape: true } option is enabled. It translates such regular expressions to equivalent ES5 or ES2015 code that runs in today's environments. Check out the interactive demo, or view the exhaustive list of supported properties. There's a Babel plugin, too.
More information
For more details, including the proposed changes to the ECMAScript specification, refer to the formal proposal on GitHub.
Last week, the Department of Justice broke its silence on the goings on in North Carolina regarding the anti-trans bathroom laws currently in place. In case you've not heard, the North Carolinian government has enacted a law stating that trans people are not allowed to use the restroom that lines up with their gender. The law has been described as barbaric and inhumane by nearly every human rights group in the country. Despite this, Governor Pat McCrory has doubled down on the law, insisting upon its righteousness. In response to McCrory digging in his heels, the Department of Justice has filed a lawsuit against the state of North Carolina, saying that by enforcing this law, they are breaking federal law.
This suit comes as a countersuit to the state's original lawsuit, which asks for the federal government to allow them to uphold their law. In the countersuit, Attorney General Loretta Lynch touched on the aspects of the bathroom law that aren't readily visible. In addition to laying out the terms of the lawsuit, she commented on the issue at hand, saying:
This action is about a great deal more than just bathrooms. This is about the dignity and respect we accord our fellow citizens and the laws that we, as a people and as a country, have enacted to protect them — indeed, to protect all of us. And it's about the founding ideals that have led this country — haltingly but inexorably — in the direction of fairness, inclusion and equality for all Americans. This is not the first time that we have seen discriminatory responses to historic moments of progress for our nation. We saw it in the Jim Crow laws that followed the Emancipation Proclamation. We saw it in fierce and widespread resistance to Brown v. Board of Education. And we saw it in the proliferation of state bans on same-sex unions intended to stifle any hope that gay and lesbian Americans might one day be afforded the right to marry.
Dignity and respect. With those two words, Lynch found the linchpin (sorry I couldn't resist) to this entire debacle. In depriving trans people the use of bathrooms, the North Carolina government sends the message that trans people are not deserving of even the most basic dignities and respect afforded to human beings. They dehumanize and demonize trans people because of some misplaced moral righteousness in a “protection” that a great many people never really asked for, based on an unfounded fear of a hypothetical situation that has never, ever occurred in the history of, well, ever.
But it's in addressing all Americans where Lynch's words enter a bit of a morally grey area. One need not look hard to find evidence of the federal government's hypocrisy. Take for example Chelsea Manning, who, under current laws, is unable to grow her hair out past what can be considered a “masculine length.” She wrote about how she is forced to have her hair cut every two weeks to prevent her hair from growing out too long. It's true that she's been afforded hormone replacement therapy as well as cosmetics, but in restricting things like her hair length, it's clear that the Department of Defense doesn't quite accept Manning for the woman that she knows herself to be.
The ACLU filed a lawsuit against the Department of Defense on behalf of Manning, arguing that the law is not only unconstitutional (as her current treatment falls under cruel and unusual punishment), but that it's also unconscionable. As well, the ACLU is fighting on behalf of trans prisoners throughout the system, not just Manning. According to a study carried out last June by the National Center for Transgender Equality, transgender inmates disproportionately face a higher chance of being arrested at some point in their lives, more so for trans people of color. As well, once imprisoned, trans people face a higher risk of abuse at the hands of police and their fellow inmates.
For example: a New York Times editorial shared the story of Estrella Sánchez, who was arrested for illegally immigrating to the U.S. from Mexico to escape abuse she experienced because she is trans. There, she was slashed across the chest by an inmate who threatened to “pop her chest.” She has since been placed on supervised release while she waits for her immigration case to go through the system.
The editorial goes on to say, “When they are in custody, transgender people face disproportionate risks. According to a 2011-12 survey by the Bureau of Justice Statistics, 39.9 percent of transgender prison inmates and 26.8 percent of transgender jail inmates reported unwanted sexual activity with other inmates or sexual activity with prison staff members, which is always considered non-consensual under the law, in the previous year — 10 times higher than for the general prison and jail populations.”
These horrifying realities often come into being as a result of the fact that trans people are placed into incorrect housing and prisons; trans women are placed in men's prisons, and vice versa for trans men.
What's clear is that the Federal Bureau of Prisons (for which the Department of Justice is responsible) has no clue how to handle trans inmates. By following the letter of their law, they are causing more harm than good to trans inmates. While the argument may be made that as inmates, they have lost most their rights, it still doesn't change the fact that inmates are deserving of the right to be treated as human. In refusing to acknowledge a trans prisoner's gender identity, they deny that basic right, that same basic right that Attorney General Lynch holds up as a banner in the face of the North Carolinian government.
This isn't to say that nothing is being done on the side of prisons and the federal government. San Francisco County Jails are among the first in the nation to allow prisoners to be housed in prisons that are in line with their gender identity. In 2003, the government passed the Prison Rape Elimination Act, hoping to curb prison rape. It instituted a “zero-tolerance” policy regarding rape while under custody. However, this act often becomes a weapon wielded against those who need its protection the most, namely, trans prisoners. Chase Stangio, attorney for the ACLU in their case against the DoD on behalf of Chelsea Manning, described how that happens in an ACLU blog post:
The Idaho Department of Corrections in its PREA directive connects its ban on feminine appearance in men's facilities to its obligation to prevent sexual violence: To foster an environment safe from sexual misconduct, offenders are prohibited from dressing or displaying the appearance of the opposite gender. Specifically, male offenders displaying feminine or effeminate appearance and female offenders displaying masculine appearance to include, but not limited to, the following: Hairstyles
Shaping eyebrows
Face makeup
Undergarments
Jewelry
Gender opposite clothing
In this case, the law becomes a reason for the Idaho DoC to say, “We're prohibiting you from doing these things for your own good.” In that way, they are in compliance with the law. Couple that with the fact that trans women prisoners are not seen as women, but as men, and you can see how they often slip through a gaping crack in the system.
It is in the hollow of that crack Attorney General Lynch's words ring dissonant. Don't get me wrong; I am touched and moved that the government spoke up in this regard. Hell, I find myself still choking up a bit as I read (and re-read) their statement directed at trans people. It's not every day you hear the government say (emphasis mine), “No matter how isolated or scared you may feel today, the Department of Justice and the entire Obama Administration wants you to know that we see you; we stand with you; and we will do everything we can to protect you going forward. Please know that history is on your side.”
As well, the Obama Administration will forever stand as the administration where we saw the very first saying of the words “lesbian,” “bisexual,” and “transgender” in the State of the Union. Strides have indeed been made, but it is in those strides that we must not forget those among us who find their voices diminished or silenced by those who would carry us along. With one hand, the government holds up the rights of trans people in what feels like a very decisive moment in history, and yet, with the other, they hold down the rights of those housed within their very own system.
If the goal of this lawsuit against North Carolina is to reinforce the fact that trans people are human beings and thus deserve the same rights as any other human being, then it is absolutely critical that the federal government look at its own treatment of trans people lest these words turn hollow and dry.
This entire thing is, after all, about dignity and respect for all trans people, is it not?
—The Mary Sue has a strict comment policy that forbids, but is not limited to, personal insults toward anyone, hate speech, and trolling.—
Follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google+.
They're very deer to me! The hardships a reindeer herder endures to protect his animals (including fighting off wolves and sleeping outside in -60C temperatures)
Vladimir Bagadaev, 46, lives alone in northern Russia and faces one of the most extreme climates on the planet
Reindeer herder lives in a log cabin but if his reindeer travel too far from home he sleeps out overnight
He will then light a fire and make a bed from snow before climbing into the sleeping bag handed down from his father
Vladimir is one of a tiny population of Siberian indigenous people, known as the Evenks
Advertisement
In the frozen wilderness of northern Russia, reindeer herder Vladimir Bagadaev lives alone, braving temperatures of -60c and even sleeping outside to protect his animals.
The 46-year-old is one of a tiny population of Siberian indigenous people, known as the Evenks, whose association with reindeer dates back to prehistory.
Valdimir lives an often isolated life in a small log cabin near the forest, or taiga, battling one of the most extreme climates on the planet on a daily basis .
Scroll down for video
Wanderer: A handful of times every winter, when the animals wander particularly far, Vladimir is unable to make it back to his cabin and must sleep under the stars in temperatures that can dip below -60c
Isolation: Reindeer herder Vladimir Bagadaev lives alone in one of the most extreme climates on the planet, braving temperatures of -60c and even sleeping outside to protect his animals
Tradition: The 46-year-old is one of a tiny population of Siberian indigenous people, known as the Evenks, whose association with reindeer dates back to prehistory
His hut sits next to a river that in winter serves as a highway for vehicles transporting supplies to towns deep in the arctic wilderness.
One of the truckers who regularly stops off at Vladimir's hut to take a break from their journey is his brother Alexei Bagadaev.
Alexei's job comes with its own special kind of problems, which sometimes involves using a makeshift blowtorch to help his truck start.
Vehicles in the region leave their engines running constantly while outside to stop the diesel from freezing, but on extremely cold days even the grease inside an engine can freeze.
During the summer the river is thawed and impassable and even Vladimir's trucker visitors dry up.
Home: Valdimir lives an often isolated life in a small log cabin near the forest, or taiga, battling one of the most extreme climates on the planet on a daily basis
Protection: Vladimir's reindeer remain half wild and when the herd decides to move out into the taiga he has little choice but to don his soviet rifle - used as protection against wolves - and follow
Despite his isolation, Vladimir cites his reindeers' companionship as his reason for enjoying life in the wilderness.
'My herd is small and you come to know each reindeer,' he said.
'In time they become like friends.'
The reindeers also provide Vladimir with transportation. As well as getting them haul to homemade sleds, Vladimir also rides them like horses using a special saddle unique to the Evenk culture.
This is placed on the animal's shoulders to lessen the strain and a long stick, rather than stirrups, is used for balance.
Transportation: Vladimir rides the reindeer like horses using a special saddle unique to the Evenk culture
Twilight: A full moon rising above a herd of reindeer a few minutes after they returned home from a day foraging in the forest
Setting up camp: When Vladimir is forced to sleep outside he will first locate a dead tree trunk which he will set his fire against before piling the wood high to create a large blaze
History: Vladimir's way of life echoes the way his ancestors have lived for centuries. However, increasingly, the Evenks' traditional way of life is coming under pressure
He said:'The reindeer give you everything - food, transport, clothing. A car can't go everywhere but a reindeer, slowly but surely, will get you through mountains, snow and forest.'
Although his main base is a cosy log cabin, Vladimir's reindeer remain half wild and when the herd decides to move out into the taiga he has little choice but to don his soviet rifle - used as protection against wolves - and follow.
A handful of times every winter, when the animals wander particularly far, Vladimir is unable to make it back to his cabin and must sleep under the stars in temperatures that can dip below -60c.
Cold comfort: Vladimir lays his sleeping pouch down after creating a shallow windbreak next to the fire while demonstrating his method for sleeping outside in temperatures of -60c
Ready for bed: Amazingly, he then removes his jacket and outer trousers, for 'comfort', before climbing into his old woollen and canvas sleeping pouch, which was given to him by his father
Far from cosy: Vladimir removes his trousers for bed
Preparations: After a quick snow face-rub, and with his fur hat remaining firmly in place, he's ready for bed
Cosied up: Vladimir in his sleeping pouch with his fur hat on
On such occasions Vladimir carefully sets up camp to see him through the long cold night.
To being with he locates a dead tree trunk which he will set his fire against before piling the wood high to create a large blaze.
He then scoops a shallow windbreak out of the snow to form his bed.
Amazingly, he then removes his jacket and outer trousers, for 'comfort', before climbing into his old woollen and canvas sleeping pouch, which was given to him by his father.
After a quick snow face-rub, and with his fur hat remaining firmly in place, he's ready for bed.
Vladimir's way of life echoes the way his ancestors have lived for centuries. However, increasingly, the Evenks' traditional way of life is coming under pressure.
Location: Vladimir's hut sits next to a river that in winter serves as a highway for vehicles transporting supplies to towns deep in the arctic wilderness
Alone again: During the summer the river is thawed and impassable and even Vladimir's trucker visitors dry up
Company: One of the truckers who regularly stops off at Vladimir's hut to take a break from their journey is his brother Alexei Bagadaev
Nadezhda Kladkina-Klisheiko, head of administration in the nearby town of Topolina, has been supporting Vladimir and other Evenks in the region as best she can.
'The situation is difficult here,' she said. 'You can get a government subsidy for herding reindeer, but only if the herd numbers more than 800.'
With Vladimir's herd numbering just 45, he makes do as best he can by selling the meat and fur he doesn't use himself.
According to Ms Kladkina-Klisheiko, despite his financial situation Vladimir has no intention of giving up the life of his ancestors.
Car trouble: Alexei's job comes with its own special kind of problems, which sometimes involves using a makeshift blowtorch to help his truck start
'The government expects a large return from their investment, but for the Evenk people it's a way of life and not a business. His reindeer are his own and he loves them.'
Locals now hope that their ancient way of life can be supported by adventurous tourists wanting to spend time in the unchanging wilderness.
Vladimir said: 'Here in the north the wilderness is clean and never changes, that's why we call it "eternity".'
Photographer Amos Chapple was one such adventurous traveler.
'It's a long way off the grid, but if tourists manage to get out there they'll be made very welcome,' he said.
In the spring, Jeffrey Sich told his friends in St. Louis that he was moving to the District for an associate professorship at George Washington University. Then the 55-year-old carefully explained where he would live: a sophomore dorm.
"It was met with shock: 'You are going to do what?' " Sich said. "But it's a great conversation starter. . . . And it's been done before - Rodney Dangerfield."
No, this is not the setup for a reality TV show. And, yes, GWU officials are fully aware there's a middle-aged guy living on the first floor of Dakota Hall.
GWU is one of dozens of colleges across the country that place professors (and sometimes their families) in residence halls. It's a practice borrowed from the early days of academia that has grown in popularity in recent years, especially at large urban universities looking to create a more personal, small-campus feel.
In exchange for free rent, professors agree to live among the masses, answer questions, attend floor meetings, endure odd noises at late hours and host small gatherings in their quarters, which typically are larger than the dorm rooms shared by students. Some students never stop by, and others form lifelong friendships with their older neighbors.
"It's very casual. There's no class attached to it. You solely talk about your interests," said Patrick Eronini, 19, a junior nursing major at Georgetown University, which has six faculty members and 28 Jesuit priests or chaplains living on campus. "At the very least, students are going for the free food."
As colleges construct dorms, many are adding a professor suite or two to the floor plans. Last year, Catholic University opened a hall that included an apartment large enough for two faculty members and their now 1-year-old daughter. Georgetown included faculty apartments in the last three residence halls built on campus.
And this fall, GWU opened a hall that houses about 290 undergraduates, plus professors Melissa Keeley and Christopher Klemek and their two young children - who have become celebrities on campus.
The family hopes its presence will help students in the mostly freshman dorm feel more at home. The couple is also excited to organize events, host dinners and share their research with students.
"Learning to write essays is one skill set. So is speaking in class. It's difficult to take your interests and your knowledge and use it in real-world settings," Klemek said. "We have the ability to mentor that . . . and give them an opportunity to rehearse that."
GWU started placing faculty members in dorms about 12 years ago to help bring an academic feel to the halls. This year, there are five professors in four dorms. At first the program was aimed at freshmen, but then administrators realized it was a better fit for sophomores.
"Our first-year students are transitioning on so many levels. . . . They are far less apt to knock on a faculty member's door in the residence hall," said Rebecca A. Sawyer, senior assistant dean of students. "By sophomore year, they already understand that faculty relationship."
Twenty years ago this week, President Bill Clinton signed a historic welfare reform bill formally known as the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act.
With this legislation, Clinton promised to “end welfare as we know it.” Ten years ago, he wrote an op-ed in The New York Times declaring it a success. Now, 20 years on, the transformation of the welfare system is complete, but the question remains: What kind of transformation has it been, and what has it meant for poor families in the U.S.?
Advertisement:
A new report from the Center on Reproductive Rights and Justice at the University of California Berkeley finds that some key provisions have not only failed poor families, but exacerbated poverty, increased instability and worsened health outcomes for the families involved.
Let's start with some important history. As of 1996, the year that the American welfare system was “reformed,” the existing welfare program, called Aid to Families with Dependent Children (AFDC), had been in place for 61 years. It was a relatively simple program — if you were poor and you had children, you were eligible for a welfare check from the government. It began in 1935 through the Social Security Act part of the New Deal, and was amended in 1962 under the Kennedy administration.
The AFDC program focused on providing relief to white single mothers. Black single mothers were largely ineligible for benefits because they were often paid off the books and the state-operated programs were often explicitly discriminatory, justified by the Supreme Court's “separate but equal” doctrine. For decades, notably while the recipients were predominantly white women and their families, the cornerstone of the program was cash assistance. This all changed in 1996.
Originally, this program was administered by the Department of Health and Human Services. Welfare reform changed the structure of the program entirely. It ushered in a new and more restrictive program called Temporary Assistance to Needy Families (TANF). TANF operated differently than the AFDC in several important ways. It became a state, rather than federal, program, taking the form of a block grant -- the federal government gives a flat amount each year and leaves it to the states to prioritize and administer the funds. It also set four key priorities for states, and offered states great flexibility in how to spend the money. The focus was to get families off welfare altogether, by securing jobs. The four pillars of TANF are:
Support families with cash welfare, like the old program Get welfare recipients into jobs Reduce out-of-wedlock pregnancy Encourage marriage
Shifting the implementation of the program to the states brought some troubling developments. An investigation done by Marketplace exposed some of the ways that states are misusing their TANF funds. Almost completely ignoring the express aims of TANF funds, Michigan spends nearly $100 million a year in TANF money on college scholarships, including for middle class and upper middle class students.
While former President Clinton still defends welfare reform, recent data from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities compared the way states use their TANF dollars to their poverty rates. They found that TANF reduces poverty at lower rates than the AFDC did. Under TANF, nearly every state decreased the proportion of welfare funds used for cash assistance, which has contributed to an increase in deep or extreme poverty.
Advertisement:
Let's zoom in on one element of welfare reform that makes this issue starkly clear, the Welfare Family Cap.
Post-1996 many states passed family cap policies, which deny additional benefits or reduce the cash grant to families who have additional children while on assistance. Welfare benefits are most often calculated based on family size at the time that families apply for assistance. For example, if you have one child, apply for TANF assistance and are determined to be eligible, you get a particular set of benefits depending on your state's policy. Often, benefits include resources to support your child. In states with family caps, if you have a second child, you will receive no additional support for that child.
Currently, 17 states have some variation of a family cap policy.
Jill Adams, executive director of the Center on Reproductive Rights and Justice and a contributor to the Berkeley study, explains the harm caused by family caps, telling Salon that the reforms “focused significant attention on family formation in its stated goals and underlying motivations -- valorizing marriage, stigmatizing 'out-of-wedlock birth,' and demonizing poor, unmarried mothers (of color) as the source of many social ills.” This policy, she says, has population control origins and clarifies that while the legislative history and findings do not speak to the racial or ethnic identities of the group most affected, it's largely understood that these were women of color.
Advertisement:
“Welfare Family Caps are prima facie offensive, ineffective, and harmful," Adams said. Their study shows, in fact, that family caps don't actually lower the number of children born to welfare recipients. They do, however, increase the poverty rate.
Since 2002, seven states have repealed their family caps. Among This is California, which repealed its family cap just a few months ago in a hard-fought campaign led by reproductive justice advocates throughout the state. Samara Azam-Yu, Executive Director of ACCESS Women's Health Justice in California, and a leader in the repeal effort, called the state's family cap “a failed policy based on failed research.” She told Salon that their coalition found a surprising amount of bipartisan support for the repeal effort and that she hopes that policymakers who have supported this policy in the past will step up and call for its repeal around the country, “because this policy has harmed families for over a generation.”
Jill Adams notes that the issue of racial injustice was central to the California repeal, telling Salon, “In pointing to the undeniably stark racial disparities, our repeal effort in California was able to gain new supporters and momentum. According to the California Department of Social Services, 57-60% of households affected by the Family Cap are Latino and 17-24% are African-American.”
Advertisement:
Samara Azam-Yu reminds us of California's long history of eugenics and population control that targeted women of color, noting that the policy had “an added layer of reproductive oppression, because it included a loophole for those that could prove that they were either on long-acting contraception when they became pregnant or that they had been raped.”
This pushes low-income families to choose a contraceptive method, not because it's the best for them and their families, but because that's what their policymakers demand. It also punishes those survivors of sexual assault who don't report the crime, since they have to report the crime to use the loophole. The problem is, more than 60 percent of survivors don't report the assault.
Proponents of family caps argue that without the caps, impoverished people would be incentivized to have more children, but the data does not bear this out. The caps further plunge families into poverty, making it harder and harder for them to get out of poverty.
Advertisement:
Even with cash assistance, which is dwindling in many states, many families cannot afford to take care of their daily needs. We must count this as part the legacy of welfare reform. California's recent success in repealing this punitive policy is a heartening turn in the 20-year story of welfare reform. Hopefully, it's just the beginning.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
That's the kind of thing our hard-nosed superiors used to say to us when we bitched about how duty interfered with our lives (took me twice as long to get a BA, what with all the traveling). Some things cross a line though: military motherhood in a time of war without end might just be one of them. It was one thing, having to put my BA (and MA) on hold. I once had eight days to pack up my entire life in Maryland and report to Texas. Eight days, after waiting nearly a year for those orders. But, I was single, no kids. I managed. It would have been quite something else to wave bye bye to my newborn, as it turns out so many military moms are having to. Things just get worse and worse from our troops and our war.
Time away from family is the top reason given for troops not re-upping, a problem which affects the mothers of infants in a special way. The Army only gives new mothers six weeks of maternity leave and a four month delay in deployments. Unsurprisingly, women's willingness to serve in the Army has dropped faster even than the men's; from 10% to 4% according to the Army's youth surveys. Washington Post: “Other services grant longer exemptions, and all have generally shorter deployments: The Navy exemption is 12 months, and the Marine Corps's is six months, and deployments average seven months for both. The Air Force has a four-month exemption, but its deployments average only four to six months.” Nearly 40% of women on active duty have children
You have to read the Post piece to make yourself dizzy getting behind the gestational math couples have to master to time getting pregnant at exactly the right moment between/during or after deployments. In the case of dual career military couples, infants end up spending the first year or so of their lives with grandparents or other more attenuated guardians. There went breastfeeding.
The military life isn't for everyone, but this is the kind of thing that the Pentagon brass had better do some serious thinking about. Potential recruits, and the mid-career types we're losing in droves, certainly are.
When Is It Inconsiderate to Press A Crosswalk Button?
I have no problem with pedestrians pressing crosswalk buttons when they wait for the crossing light to change before crossing the intersection. Crossing lights and crosswalk buttons serve important safety function at busy intersections especially for disabled or elderly pedestrians who need a bit more time crossing the street.
But some pedestrians press the button with a conditional intention to cross the street before the crossing light changes if there is a break in the traffic. One often sees pedestrians approach an intersection, press the button, and then immediately cross the street, before the crossing light changes.
The pedestrian probably reasons a) “I have a right to press the button”; and b) having pushed it, I now see I can walk without inconveniencing anyone because there aren't any cars coming.
The problem with this reasoning is that just because you have the right to press the crosswalk button doesn't mean that it is considerate for you to do so. (You also have a first amendment right to call me names, but that doesn't make your exercise of the right considerate.) Pressing the while having a conditional intention to cross the street early is inconsiderate because cars often then have to wait for a crossing light when there are no longer any crossing pedestrians to protect. It wastes gas. Forcing cars to wait longer for a green light is not green environmentally. And the problem is especially acute at intersections where the crosswalk button stops traffic in both directions.
So when isn't it okay to push a crosswalk button? I think it's inconsiderate if you think there is a high probability that you will not wait for the crossing light to change. But this rather trivial problem of social planning could expand to include a variety of subtle factors — including Bayesian learning and the loss functions for both you and others. If I don't know much about the traffic patterns at an intersection, I often wait for ten or twenty seconds before pushing the button to see if there is a natural break in the traffic and to see whether it looks safe to be a scofflaw. I'm more likely to push the button earlier if it is unusually important that I get across the street quicker.
A technological fix might be to have a “cancel” button add next to the crossing button, so that scofflaws could who pushed and then crossed before the light changed could cancel their request when they got to the other side. But this is a highly impractical idea – both because of the cost of retrofitting, and the difficulty of explaining the idea to pedestrians. At the end of the day, very few “push and run” pedestrians would bring go out of their way to cancel their previous request.
So next time you find yourself pushing and then jaywalking before the cross-walk light changes, ask yourself did you really need to push the button?
Gainesville Residents Try To Stop Creepy Clowns On The Street
Armed with golf clubs, banging pipes and swinging baseball bats, some Gainesville residents took matters into their own hands Tuesday night after a supposed clown sighting near UF's Sorority Row.
As Gainesville Police patrolled the area searching for clowns, pickup trucks full of people did the same, despite GPD requests for them to not get involved.
There have been several sightings around Florida including one in Gainesville last week.
“We heard that they (clowns) were on sorority row so we wanted to go clown hunting because apparently that's a thing now,” Abbey Cowen, a UF Student said. “I don't know if it's just a game.”
Abbey Cowen and her brother Dawson Cowen were just two among the 30 locals that walked the Sorority Row area.
“I just want to make sure none of the girls walking by themselves feel threatened or anything,” Dawson Cowen said.
The Gainesville Police Department's Public Information Ofﬁcer, Ben Tobias said the new activity is not something GPD condones.
“Anytime someone tries to bring any sort of physical violence into their own hands is never a good idea for anyone involved,” Tobias said.
Dawson Cowen said it's probably just a hoax, but that it is better to be safe than sorry.
“If he was trying to harm me I would try and defend myself, but if he was just walking around scaring people then that's kind of like a stupid prank but I wouldn't really do anything to him,” Dawson Cowen said.
The clown hunting continued through the night until Gainesville police officers put an end to the chase around 1 a.m. on Monday.
“There's no need to go out and search for something. Just if you see something suspicious, give us a call and let law enforcement do their job,” Tobias said.
Video report by Brittney Smith:
About
"Children's Head Stabilizer"
Dont allow your childs neck to be like this
The “Children's Head Stabilizer” by me Erik Montano was thought about 4 years ago while I was driving my nieces around until my sister was let out of work. While I drove them around they tended to fall asleep due to the smooth ride and the comfort of the car seat. But as I stopped at a stop sign I noticed that their necks and head were in the most uncomfortable and unsafe position so I pulled over and tried to fix their little heads, but as I drove off their heads tended to fall forward again, and it just bothered me. That just how unsafe that was for a child, Lord knows how their heads would move if someone was to hit me with another vehicle. So I went home and thought up something that would stabilize their neck, and head while they sleep in the car, and that's when I came up with the “Children's Head Stabilizer”. So I went and got my design copy written and got to work on my finishing touches and 5 years later I have come up with the perfect stabilizer with a helmet of anyone of your children's favorite cartoon or movie character of any “Disney Movie” with an inner comfort material (Pillow) that works as a pillow while the child sleeps, that will hold the neck at a stabilized position and also keep their little heads from any danger as well, such as Car Wreck, Airbag Deploy in back seat, road damage, Etc. This safety design will lower the percentage of deaths of children due to car wrecks signifcally and will keep you at ease while your child sleep comfortably during the ride. With easy instillation to any car seat being used at the time and also for Toddlers using booster chairs. And easy usage on a daily basis “We will make our children safe again from drunk and unsafe drivers in this world one Stabilizer at a time” so invest in this product and feel confident about your children's safety with the “Children's Head Stabilizer. By Erik Montano
Warning: This story contains major spoilers from the season 5 premiere of Once Upon a Time. Read at your own risk!
The Dark Swan is pissed — and no one seems to know why!
When Once Upon a Time returned on Sunday, Emma (Jennifer Morrison) landed in the Enchanted Forest with a new mentor — the Darkness within her took on the form of Rumple (Robert Carlyle) — who encouraged her to embrace her new dark side. Hoping to rid the darkness, Emma went in search of Merlin (Elliot Knight) by hunting for the Will o' the Wisps, which brought her into conflict with Merida (Amy Manson), whose three younger brothers had been kidnapped after the Brave lass took over their kingdom. Knowing they both couldn't use the wisp, Emma aimed to rip out her heart as the darkness nearly took hold.
Fortunately, she was swayed otherwise by the arrival of Hook (Colin O'Donoghue), Snow (Ginnifer Goodwin), Charming (Josh Dallas), Regina (Lana Parrilla) and other Storybrooke residents, who used a tornado — thanks to Zelena (Rebecca Mader), who tried to take her unborn child back to Oz — to return to the Enchanted Forest.
Foretold of their arrival in a prophecy from Merlin, King Arthur (Liam Garrigan) and his knights of the roundtable welcomed them back to Camelot, knowing Emma would someday reunite them with the great sorcerer — the very same sorcerer who visited Emma as a child and warned her to never remove the sword in the stone, which was revealed to be missing its tip because it is actually the Dark One's dagger! Unfortunately, we won't know if she actually heeded his warning since everyone suddenly lands back in Storybrooke six weeks later, with no memory of what has transpired — though with the fully transformed Dark Swan swearing vengeance on them all, it probably wasn't anything good. Executive producers Adam Horowitz and Edward Kitsis answer some burning questions:
Storyline format: Similar to season 3b, the story will flash back to Camelot while running parallel to present-day Storybrooke, though we will get a few origin stories for Merlin, King Arthur, Guinevere and Lancelot. “It's really about our core group of characters and what they're going through in regards to Emma,” Horowitz says. “And we see what seems to have happened to her and exploring that mystery and how they can or can't help her.”
However, don't expect Emma to be “cured” by the midseason finale. “The darkness, whether it's taken from her or she gives into it completely, it's going to affect her,” Horowitz says. “The ramifications of this premiere are felt through the entire season. While a lot of the story in the first half we intend to wrap up by the midseason, there are bigger issues that are introduced as early as this episode that will carry over through the whole season. We're trying to tell two separate pods of episodes and connect them, and Emma's journey is going to encompass the whole season.”
The Dark Swan rises: Being trained by the Darkness within her will provide viewers a look at the first Dark One ever, the producers tease. However, her transition into full evil will especially affect those around her. “When you try to save someone you love and you feel helpless in doing it, that's what we're going to explore,” Kitsis says. “Emma is off on this thing and it could be a metaphor for addiction, it could be a metaphor for darkness. You're going to see a lot of the people around her feel powerless in how to help her.”
“Emma is trying to, as we see in Camelot, resist the Darkness, and then she went full-on Lady Stardust at the end of this premiere,” Kitsis continues. “We're wondering what happened and how did that happen. That's what we're going to explore, which is what makes you succumb to the darkness? What makes you resist it? Her relationships with everybody are going to be tested. We love the idea of watching Hook fight for her, as well as Regina and her family, because Emma came to Storybrooke a non-believer, and now she is a leader and she's united everyone. As you saw there, when you take the leader out, everyone starts bickering.”
Regina as a leader: Emma placed her dagger in the care of Regina — you know, before the former Evil Queen was disheartened to find it back in the possession of the Dark Swan upon landing back in Storybrooke. But wielding that much power in the meantime is going to put a lot of pressure on Regina. “It's a lot of responsibility for Regina,” Horowitz says. “Regina is a character who has grown a lot over the years and has tried to put her evil behind her and do good, but the evil and the darkness is a part of her. She's struggling with how does she do the right thing and how does she help Emma?”
Also, everyone in Storybrooke is looking toward the mayor now as a leader, even if some of them are hesitant. “That also impacts Regina's relationship with Snow, with someone who has been a leader and people have turned to,” Horowitz says. “It becomes hopefully very complicated and messy in a good way, which is these familial and adversarial connections are forced to interact in a new way.”
The mystery of Camelot: Though King Arthur and his knights seem to come in peace, they very well could have an ulterior motive, especially knowing they're searching for the Dark One's dagger to reunite it with Excalibur. “There's more going on than what we've seen so far,” Horowitz says. “In the next few episodes, you'll see more of that explained and explored.” What we do know: Episode 2 features a grand ball, and we'll soon see Charming and King Arthur “bro-out” as the prince's return to the Enchanted Forest shows viewers a “reawakened hero,” Kitsis says.
But the bigger mystery is what happened during those missing six weeks in Camelot. “Going forward after the premiere, on the Storybrooke side, our characters are really wrestling with the mystery of what they could have possibly done to Emma to make her this way,” Horowitz says. “Emma plays her card very close to the vest, but that does not prevent her from interacting in very direct and close ways with characters like Hook, Regina and Henry. While there is this mystery of what's going on about what may or may not have happened, we're going to see the relationships move forward in a new way in the present, which is where we have a very dark Emma appearing. At the same time, in the past, we're going to be seeing these relationships interacting and a lot of choices are going to be made, and choices are going to be made by different characters, both Emma and the people who care for her. Some choices that seem like they may be the absolute correct thing to do are going to turn out to be the worst thing to do.”
Charming family squabble: Charming and Snow won't always be on the same page about how to save their daughter. “Mary Margaret and David have a past with someone from Camelot, who we saw in the opening, who we realize wasn't there, which is Lancelot [Sinqua Walls],” Kitsis says. “We also know that David is going to become pretty close with Arthur. We know that Mary Margaret was able to have a child because of Lancelot, so we're going to see those two as desperate parents wanting to save their daughter, feeling powerless and not knowing who to trust. There's going to be a bit of palace intrigue. When you're married and there's a bad situation, and you can't do anything about it, sometimes you turn on each other. We're going to see Snow and Charming fight in a way we're never seen before. We hope that the fact that they share a heart wins out, but it's all because of the emotion of them trying to save their daughter.”
Merlin's debut: Yes, that movie usher who caught Emma stealing a candy bar was, in fact, Merlin. “He warned Emma not to pull the sword,” Kitsis says. “We saw Arthur pull the sword, and we realize the Dark One dagger and Excalibur were meant to be whole. We're going to explain to you why that is, why Merlin is where he is.” Horowitz adds: “Why he was warning Emma all those years before, it's not something we're going to make you wait the whole half season for.”
Mr. Gold's fate: Still in a coma back in Storybrooke, Mr. Gold “might wake up,” Kitsis teases, before adding that keeping Carlyle in a coma all season is out of the question. “His arc in Storybrooke is something we haven't fully seen before. It is going to go right into his very essence as a character.” In that vein, it was also important to them not to keep Belle (Emilie de Ravin) sidelined this season worrying over Gold's comatose body, hence the introduction of the iconic Bell Jar and rose that tracks Gold's status. “My favorite Belle is the one where she's strong and we're going to see that strength this year,” Kitsis says. However, Horowitz cautions that there's still trouble ahead for RumBelle. “It's important to note that Belle cares what's happening to Gold right now, but that doesn't mean that all is forgiven and everything that's gone on before doesn't need to be dealt with. It does,” he says.
Pregnant and angry: Foiled in her attempt to return to Oz, Zelena was brought along on the journey to Camelot, which may ultimately be a mistake on the heroes' part. “She was willing to cut off her own hand. You have no idea what she's about to do. She's scary,” Kitsis says. As for her pregnancy, she's roughly six weeks along now, but, Kitsis says, “I would be disappointed if I didn't see a baby. I'm sure it wouldn't happen during sweeps.”
The return of Ruby and Mulan: Both familiar faces will be returning for multiple episodes, providing the show an opportunity to fill in the blanks of what's been happening in their lives these last few years. “We're not just planning to drop them back in the show with no explanation,” Horowitz says. “We do want to give a taste of where Mulan's [Jamie Chung] been, what she's been up to and what she's been going through, and the same with Red [Meghan Ory]. There are other characters who may return as well, and we want to do that as well. We want to honor the idea that their lives have been going on… we want to give a taste of where they've been and see how they can reconnect with everyone else and what that's going to mean moving forward.” While Ruby's wolf form will likely make another appearance, we'll see Mulan in a more romantic setting.
Henry's new love: As we previously teased, Henry's going to explore his first crushed, which will happen sooner rather than later. “I would watch the second episode, where we might meet Henry's crush,” Kitsis says. “You can't go to Camelot and not fall in love.” Plus: We'll see more of Henry working with Hook in a bid to save Emma. “What we love with Henry is that he's growing up and he can take a more active part in the adventures now,” Horowitz says. “You're going to see that he takes a more pivotal role in some of the things that are coming up.” In fact, Kitsis says, “Episode 5 is Henry's episode and it's one of my favorites.”
Merida's future: Though she revealed to Emma her plan to make her brothers' captors pay, Merida's near-death experience has changed her motive moving forward. “If you watched the movie Brave, you realize that Merida's problem was she punches first and asks questions second,” Kitsis says. “That's what we're seeing here is we're going to find her in the middle of a very intense situation and we're going to definitely explore her story more.” Also, though we know her father died, we're going to see both her parents in an upcoming Merida-centric flashback episode.
Once Upon a Time airs Sundays at 8 p.m. ET on ABC.
ONCE a practice associated with students looking to make a quick buck, sperm donation has penetrated the ranks of big business. The AIDS epidemic that began in the 1980s ended the informality surrounding the business, and as the costs and risks around testing and handling donated sperm increased, medics opted out and entrepreneurs swiftly filled the gap. Today savvy sperm banks—particularly those that are able to export—can make a very decent income supplying a growing and changing market. How do businesses make money in the jizz biz?
Two things have provided entrepreneurs with fertile ground. First, a patchwork of regulatory intervention means that in certain countries the flow hasn't kept up with demand. In several places, including Britain, anonymous donation has been outlawed. In other countries donors cannot be paid. Both reasons help explain why sperm banks in such places often struggle to recruit donors; the long waiting lists caused by low donor-count can lead to customers shopping abroad. Second, as acceptance of modern family structures grows, so too does demand for a key missing ingredient. Where the vast majority of customers were previously heterosexual couples who had trouble conceiving, today many if not most are either lesbian couples or single women. In some countries such women are forbidden from being treated with donated sperm, encouraging them to shop abroad. The smartest businesses have picked up on such gaps in the market and sell their stuff direct to sperm banks and clinics that struggle to recruit donors at home. A perhaps even bigger money-spinner is selling directly to end-users. Thanks to the internet, dry-ice and DHL, customers can now shop for sperm from more or less anywhere and have it delivered to their homes.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Some American banks boast that a donor can make up to $1,500 per month, which presumably requires near-abstention from personal pleasure. The normal rate for a single donation is around $100. One donation can usually be split into as many as five vials, which in turn sell for between $500 and $1,000 each. Most customers buy several. Despite the costs involved—notably to recruit donors, test and retest, store and marketing—the margins are engorged. Still, sperm banks have to work hard to compete for customers; some distinguish themselves by emphasising the safety and security of their “product”. Others focus on the “user experience” by modelling their websites on popular dating sites, where customers can filter candidates by particular features such as eye colour, education or hobbies. Some banks will charge extra for information ($25 for a childhood picture and so on) or sell premium subscriptions—giving extra information and early access to new donors—for hundreds of dollars more.
Even the most radical free-market liberals struggle with the question of whether sex cells (and other bodily tissue) should be as easy to trade as any other product. In the interest of donor-conceived children there is a strong case for having basic regulation in place to ensure that all vials are tested for certain diseases before they can be sold. But morally driven policies about who can conceive using donated sperm are both discriminatory and, in the age of e-shopping, ineffective. More generally, overly restrictive policies, shortages and higher prices (they have roughly doubled over the past decade) seem to be driving customers to other sources of supply, including an international grey market that is distinctly dodgy. National regulators would do better to jump on the bandwagon rather than try standing in its way.
Belarusian youth activists say police have "detained" some stuffed animals used in an antigovernment protest in Minsk, in an echo of similar recent protests in Russia.This video shows activists from the civic campaign "Tell the Truth" placing a dozen fluffy toys in the snow and setting up placards around them bearing messages urging President Alyaksandr Lukashenka to "free the people!" or asking "Where is freedom of the press?" or declaring "Toys against lawlessness" and "Cops tore my eye out."The campaign says the stuffed animals, placed near a bus stop on Minsk's Independence Square, were soon rounded up by the police. It adds that the toys "probably won't face charges, though it's clear there was a violation of the law against mass demonstrations."The protest comes as authorities in a Siberian city, following two such protests -- featuring Lego figurines, teddy bears, and Transformer toys -- last month.
U.S. President Donald Trump: "As President I wanted to share with Russia which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining to terrorism and airline flight safety."
U.S. President Donald Trump has said that as head of state he had the absolute right to share information with Russia, TASS reports.
He added that the information would facilitate the fight against terrorism, particularly with the Islamic State terror group.
"As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining to terrorism and airline flight safety," Trump wrote on Twitter.
As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining.... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 16 May 2017
"Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS and terrorism," the U.S. president added.
...to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS & terrorism. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 16 May 2017
By this tweet, Trump commented on media reports accusing him of revealing classified information at his recent meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Russian Ambassador to the U.S. Sergei Kislyak.
The Washington Post said earlier that "President Trump revealed highly classified information to the Russian foreign minister and ambassador in a White House meeting last week, according to current and former U.S. officials, who said Trump's disclosures jeopardized a critical source of intelligence on the Islamic State."
If using any of Russia Beyond's content, partly or in full, always provide an active hyperlink to the original material.
Computer geeks already knew it was possible to hack into a car's computerized systems and finally, two U.S. hackers - Charlie Miller and Chris Valasek, sponsored by the Pentagon's research facility DARPA recently demonstrated just how easy it is for malicious hackers to physically hijack a modern car using a laptop.
Feeling exiting ... ? You should worry too..It's all very concerning. Because you may never drive your car again after you see how a couple of government funded tech guys were able to hack into, and take control of car's steering, dashboard, and even its brakes.
Forget hacking accounts, computers or mobile devices, this new threat to our vehicles is thanks to the evolution of electronic control units being installed in most new cars.
Charlie Miller , a security engineer at Twitter, and Chris Valasek, the Director of Security Intelligence at IOActive received an $80,000 grant from the US government in order to research these new vulnerabilities
A video of their demonstration from By connecting an Apple MacBook to the car's OBD-II (On-Board Diagnostic System) port below the dashboard, they were able to trigger a series of minor and major events that could annoy drivers at best and cause a serious accident at worst. Minor hacks included manipulation of the car's fuel gauge and speedometer, triggering the seatbelt pre-tensioners and sounding the horn.A video of their demonstration from Forbes , shows them using their electronic access to disconnect brakes, scramble a speedometer, wobble a steering wheel and blast a horn, inside a 2010 model Ford Escape and Toyota Prius.
That study showed that the engine control devices initially designed for pollution reduction had been integrated into other aspects of a car's functioning and diagnostics.
But security research is notoriously difficult; the fact that Toyota's engineers haven't found any security vulnerabilities doesn't mean there aren't any.
Monday, December 10, 2018
Monday of the Second Week of Advent
Readings for Today
All Saints for Today
Then astonishment seized them all and they glorified God, and, struck with awe, they said, “We have seen incredible things today.” Luke 5:26
They were “astonished” because Jesus cured the paralytic after he was lowered through the roof of a house in which Jesus was teaching. Jesus cured him and they were amazed.
But this was not what amazed and astonished people the most. What was most astonishing was that Jesus also said to the paralytic, “As for you, your sins are forgiven” (Luke 5:20). Jesus then confirmed that He had the power to forgive sins by performing this physical miracle.
True, most people went home that day speaking first about the physical healing. But you can be certain that, as they pondered this experience, they were even more deeply moved by the forgiveness of sins. Perhaps they did not fully understand what this all meant. But, nonetheless, His words of forgiveness were quite powerful and transforming.
Reflect, today, upon your desire to receive God's forgiveness in your life. Do you long to hear these words spoken to you? Do you long to experience the mercy and forgiveness of Jesus in your life? The reason He came from Heaven to Earth was to offer you the forgiveness of your sins. Miracles do not matter in the end. What matters is mercy and forgiveness. When you receive this gift of His mercy you will also glorify God with a joyous and holy astonishment as you see this incredible gift unfold in your life.
Lord, I do desire Your mercy and forgiveness in my life. Help me to lower myself before You so that I can hear You say, ‘Your sins are forgiven.' Jesus, I trust in You.
More Gospel Reflections
Divine Mercy Reflections
Advent Resources
Six men take their lives each day, so why don't we care?
Twenty five years ago this month one of my best friends took his own life. It haunts me to this day. I had been scheduled to catch up with him, but got no answer. In desperation, I phoned his mother who told me he had killed himself the week before.
In fact, three of my friends have died this way. It is symptomatic of a great, unseen epidemic sweeping our nation today.
In 2015, 3027 people took their own lives. 2291 of them were men. More than six men take their lives each day, so why don't we care? As this is Men's Health Week, it's time we really did give a damn.
To put things into perspective, among the 20 biggest killers in Australia, suicide is the leading cause of Years of Potential Life Lost. That is because the age at which a person is most likely to die at their own hands is 44.5, but the age at which a person is most likely to die of heart disease is 85.
Suicide claims almost three times more lives than road accidents, and over 30 times more lives than domestic violence. So where is the public outrage? Where is the government funding? The indifference of State and Commonwealth officials to these deaths is a national disgrace.
This is especially when there are readily available solutions to this problem. They involve the promotion to positive mental health messages and helping people long before they contemplate suicide. We need more initiatives like those at the University of Western Sydney.
The easiest thing we can do is to begin a discussion about the futility of suicide.
Addressing a conference on the Gold Coast over the weekend, well known psychiatrist Dr Tanveer Ahmed said: "Every man who (kills himself) will have a plan for life.
"Our challenge is to expose that plan for life and make it accessible."
We can only do that if we are individually and collectively willing to discuss the subject. We need to help men believe life is worth living. Those of us in the media need to have special courage and sensibility in this regard.
By convention, newspapers and other media generally do not cover suicides. However this stifles discussion which could save lives. As the Press Council standards relating to suicide make clear, general reporting and comment on issues relating to suicide can be of substantial public benefit. If we avoid the subject, those of us in the media merely shirk our social responsibility.
We also have a responsibility to question why it is that men are three times more likely to commit suicide than women.
Either men are less resilient than we think they are, or the way society is treating them is overcoming what resilience they have. Given the incidence of male suicide is increasing, it suggests the problem is something in society.
Men are more likely to be lonely, homeless, imprisoned, and to suicide. Anything that contributes to this, or which stops men getting help, must be reformed or swept aside.
Dr Ahmed believes the problem partly lies in the manifestly unequal way in which men are treated in the most important aspects of their lives. Foremost is the way they are treated by the Family Court.
"Men have shrinking leisure time, are increasingly separated from their networks, and then they get divorced and have a custody battle. Suicide becomes a solution to the problem," he says.
"Amongst men in their forties and fifties, there is a very good chance that a man who attempts suicide is involved in some sort of custody dispute."
There can be no justification for this at all. The moral insouciance of governments and courts as to the plight of fathers should be seen as a national moral failing which dwarfs even the Stolen Generation experience.
Finally, we must also treat men's health, and men's lives as valuable issues. We must press for equal funding for research into men's health. We must also insist on equal funding for the treatment of men's health. This would at least be a start to tackling the problem.
My three friends who took their lives had names: Chris, Peter and Andy. This article is for them.
Suicide rates among men in Australia are shockingly high. Credit:Virginia Star
For anyone in need of help, call Lifeline on 13 11 14 or Beyond Blue Support Service 1300 224 636
Carrie Fisher's brother knew how the Star Wars star wanted to be laid to rest.
Todd Fisher spoke to reporters moments after Debbie Reynolds' funeral in Los Angeles, one day after his sister's private memorial, where he explained the choice of urn that was selected to hold Carrie's ashes.
"Carrie's favorite possession was a giant Prozac pill that she bought many years ago. A big pill," Todd explained. "She loved it, and it was in her house, and Billie and I felt it was where she'd want to be."
MORE: Debbie Reynolds Laid to Rest One Day After Carrie Fisher's Private Memorial Service
"We couldn't find anything appropriate. Carrie would like that," he added. "It was her favorite thing, and so that's how you do it. And so they're together, and they will be together here and in heaven, and we're OK with that."
Todd also gave an update on how the family is holding up during this difficult time.
"Everybody's as settled as we can be, and we're not going to go any further," Todd shared. "We'll have a bigger service down the road for the public and all the family friends, but this was a private family service and we're -- it was fitting and it was beautiful."
EXCLUSIVE: Carrie Fisher Has Been Cremated, Some of Her Ashes to Be Buried With Mom Debbie Reynolds
"We have so much of them that was left behind," he added. "All of my sister's words and all the movies, and all the things that they created. That's what we need to remember."
Most of all, Todd will remember his mother and sister as strong, generous women.
“They were both Molly Browns of sorts,” he said fondly, explaining, “Molly Brown's a movie my mom made years ago and it's about a very strong woman. They were very, very strong women right to the end.”
Watch the video below for more on Debbie Fisher's memorial service.
Jonathan Stewart's somersault, Philip Rivers' spoiled return to North Carolina and Greg Olsen gets it rolling
Philip Rivers struggles in return to North Carolina
The last time Philip Rivers threw a pass in this state, it was Nov. 22, 2003 - his final home game in an North Carolina State uniform, a 26-24 loss to Maryland. He was a couple weeks shy of his 22nd birthday then. Now he's 35, and his return to North Carolina didn't go as he planned.
“We turned it over five times,” Rivers said in the postgame press conference, before correcting himself.
“I turned it over five times.”
Those five turnovers - three interceptions and two sack-fumbles - along with Carolina's defensive pressure on Rivers were keys to the Panther win. When San Diego was making a fourth-quarter comeback attempt and cut it to ten, Mario Addison leveled Rivers in the end zone for a safety.
“Today we did a great job. We had Philip off his mark, off his X, guys did a great job making him move around,” said safety Tre Boston. “Philip's getting a little older now, he's not able to move how he used to, so getting him off his mark was very important and you saw what it did for us today.”
Rivers' only other trip to Charlotte in his career came in 2004 as a rookie, when he backed up Drew Brees and did not get into the game. Rivers said it was nice to see a few of his red Wolfpack No. 17 jerseys around the stadium, but he was unhappy if he let those fans down.
“I didn't play as good as I usually played in that red 17 today,” he said.
Amid turbulent season, Panthers' defensive front has been a bright spot
After sacking Rivers five times Sunday, the Panthers are now first in the league in sacks with 39. The defensive backfield has struggled, especially early in the year, but the Panthers have been able to apply consistent pressure on the quarterback. They've tallied at least one sack in every game this season.
The stellar defensive performance was especially welcome after Seattle gashed the Panthers for 534 yards of offense last week.
“We just knew last week wasn't good enough and last week was not us. We came out today and we wanted to show everybody that our defense is still good. Last week was just a fluke,” said linebacker Shaq Thompson.
Thompson was one of two players, along with cornerback Daryl Worley, to grab his first career interception Sunday. The Panthers' five forced turnovers were a season high.
Greg Olsen gets it rolling
Cam Newton and Olsen seemed to get on the same page Sunday afternoon for the first time in weeks. Olsen had gone over 50 yards receiving just once in the last six games. Sunday, he had seven catches for 87 yards.
“These last couple weeks haven't been typical from a production standpoint. As I've said a lot, that's sometimes that's just the way it goes,” Olsen said. “You keep battling, there are other things to do besides catch the ball.”
In the Panthers' first possession of the third quarter, Newton and Olsen connected twice on explosive plays, one for 36 yards and another for 21. This is the sixth season together for the two in Carolina - every year of Newton's career - and their bond means a great deal to Olsen.
“You guys know how I feel about Cam. He's my guy. We've been through a lot, we've had a lot of good plays, some bad ones. I know me personally, I always try to be there when he needs me. That's what makes this sometimes so hard. If you don't, you feel like you're letting people down,” Olsen said.
Panthers show some fight despite flickering playoff hopes
After the Washington Redskins' victory Sunday afternoon, the playoffs became an even more distant possibility for Carolina. Washington is 7-5-1, two and a half games up on the Panthers, and there are at least three additional teams - Minnesota, Green Bay and the second-place NFC South team - the Panthers would have to get through as well.
Around the league, it's clear some teams with nothing left on the line have given up the fight. The Panthers proved on Sunday they're not in that group. Tre Boston said that starts with Ron Rivera.
“He comes into meetings every day, ‘I believe in you young man.' I know we're still in it,” Boston said.
“When you have a coach who believes in you through thick and thin, you get your butt whooped, you're whooping other people's butts, you want to fight for a guy like that. We have nothing but fighters around here, we got dogs.”
Jonathan Stewart does a somersault
The Panthers running back pulled off one of the most impressive moves of the Carolina season in the second quarter.
Early in the second quarter, Stewart absorbed a hit from Chargers safety Jahleel Addae. Stewart rolled over on Addae, but no part of his body ever hit the ground. His helmet touched Addae's foot, and while everyone else on the field thought the play was over, Stewart got up and ran for a few more yards.
Recalling the play brought a smile to Cam Newton's face - something we haven't seen much of in the last few weeks.
“He's like a cat. A pudgy cat. House cat,” Newton said.
Asked if he thought the play would catch some eyeballs on social media, Stewart said he'd do his part.
“I'll retweet it and put it on my Instagram,” he said.
Oh. Ok. WOWWWWW.@Jonathanstewar1 somersaults OVER the defender. Never goes down. And keeps on going! #KeepPounding https://t.co/xSHH2p8BLK
— NFL (@NFL) December 11, 2016
A Lawrence group is asking the city to change its anti-discrimination law to protect people who consider themselves transgender.
The Lawrence-Douglas County Chapter of the Kansas Equality Coalition has sent a letter asking commissioners to include transgender protection as part of the city's human rights ordinance. The change would make it illegal for landlords and employers to deny someone housing or a job based on their transgender identity.
“They deserve this,” Maggie Childs, chair of the coalition, said of the proposed legal protection. “It is just clear to me that this is a very vulnerable group.”
Merriam-Webster Dictionary defines “transgender” as “having personal characteristics (as transsexuality or transvestism) that transcend traditional gender boundaries and corresponding sexual norms.”
City commissioners are expected to officially receive the letter at their meeting on Tuesday evening. Commissioners, though, are not expected to debate the proposal. Instead, they plan to send the issue to the city's Human Relations Commission for a recommendation. The issue likely won't come back to the commission until after the April 7 City Commission elections.
There will be some opposition to the change, said the Rev. Leo Barbee, pastor of Victory Bible Church in Lawrence. Barbee said that transgender individuals are engaging in deviant and sinful behavior, and that landlords and employers should be allowed to judge people on their behavior.
“They are saying that this is my lifestyle, and I'm going to make you accept it regardless,” said Barbee, who has come out in opposition to previous Lawrence issues regarding homosexual rights. “I think a person has a right to say no. I don't agree with your lifestyle, and I'm not mandated to accept it.”
Childs said people who are transgender generally don't consider it to be a lifestyle choice.
“When they talk about transitioning, they talk about how that is the first time their outside has felt in sync with their inside,” Childs said. “They don't talk about it as a choice.”
The city's human rights ordinance already is unique in the state. Since the mid-1990s, Lawrence has been the only city in the state where it is illegal to discriminate against a person on the basis of sexual orientation. Lawrence also became the first city in the state to create a domestic partnership registry that gives some legal recognition to same-sex couples. That registry was created in 2007 after the Kansas Equality Coalition lobbied for it.
Childs said recent research indicates that 108 cities or counties across the country have anti-discrimination laws that protect transgender people. Those include: Kansas City, Mo.; Boulder, Colo.; Champaign, Ill.; Austin, Texas; and Iowa City, Iowa, according to information from the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force.
Childs said she wasn't aware of any publicized incidents of discrimination or hate crimes against transgender people in Lawrence. But the coalition's letter points to a 1993 murder — the subject of the film “Boys Don't Cry” in Lincoln, Neb. It also points to a 2007 case in Florida where a city manager was fired after transitioning from a male to a female.
“It is not that we've had a spate of problems in Lawrence, but we would rather be proactive and encourage awareness and acceptance before we have a tragedy,” Childs said.
Groups that may be required to abide by the new law generally were just learning of it for the first time on Friday. Matt Hoy, an attorney for the Lawrence Apartment Association, said his group would study the proposal.
“Our members will want to thoughtfully review it,” Hoy said.
The National Association of Scholars (NAS) today issued a report on the teaching of American history at the University of Texas at Austin and Texas A&M. UT-Austin professor Jeremi Suri wrote a response to the NAS report on the blog of The Alcalde, the University of Texas alumni magazine, which we reprint here.
By Jeremi Suri
About two years ago I moved from Madison to Austin because I was convinced that the flagship university in Texas was building the best group of scholars and students in my field of study: international history, foreign policy, and leadership. The History Department at UT already had a distinguished group of faculty who study all parts of the globe and teach about what I call “the making of our modern world.” The History Department also housed the Normandy Scholars Program, devoted to the study of the Second World War, and an Institute for Historical Studies that brings the best scholars from around the world to campus to deepen our historical knowledge. Beyond the History Department, the Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs had a Global Policy Studies Program committed to training the next generation of ambassadors, national security advisors, and intelligence analysts. The Strauss Center for International Security and Law on campus sponsored research projects, including undergraduates and graduate students, that explored the making of foreign policy in the past and its lessons for the present.
What we are teaching at UT, in almost all of our history and related courses, is a plural history of how many different people and parts of America relate to one another.
This is a long list. No other campus could compare. That is why I prevailed on my Midwestern wife and my Madison-born children to move from a university that we loved in Wisconsin to the one we believed was doing the very best work in the field of study I care so passionately about. We made the correct decision because UT's strengths in international history and foreign policy that I listed above are even greater than I realized before I arrived here. In addition, the leadership of UT and its generous alumni have continued to enhance our preeminence in this field of study. Just this week, President William Powers announced the creation of the William P. Clements Center on History, Strategy, and Statecraft at UT. We now have more distinguished historians teaching topics like the Cold War, the Civil War, American Foreign Policy, Strategy and Decision-Making, and the Nature of the International System than on any other non-military campus that I know in the country. I am very proud of that. From what I can tell, our alumni are very proud of that too.
These facts make the ideological claims of the National Association of Scholars about The University of Texas at Austin misleading, and frankly dumb. The report they will release this Thursday is entitled: “Recasting History: Are Race, Class, and Gender Dominating American History?” At The University of Texas at Austin the answer is a resounding NO. Nothing in the report should convince you otherwise.
What the National Association of Scholars documents is that many of our courses taught by historians, including me, devote extensive time to lectures and readings about slavery, American Indians, labor unions, women's suffrage, prohibition, civil rights, immigration, poverty, and the rise of suburbs. Some of our courses even discuss Rock n'Roll music, consumer culture, and the Internet. How scandalous! For some reason, the authors of the report seem to think these topics are “un-American.” It is almost as if a lesson that does not focus on a president or a war is a waste of time to the writers of this report.
No one cares more about teaching politics, foreign policy, and military affairs more than me. It is what I study. It is what I talk about all the time (so my wife and kids complain!). To teach the history of these subjects requires attention to slavery, American Indians, labor unions, women's suffrage, and everything else I listed above. Politics do not occur in a vacuum. The outcomes of war are not decided only by a few smart men. Elections, like the one we just experienced, are driven by many factors that include race, class, and gender.
What kind of history should we teach? What kind of history do our students need? They are not well served by simple ideological pronouncements about America as the “greatest nation” or America as the “worst nation,” depending on your point of view. Young people can get extreme assertions on their iPhones without a professor in the room.
What students need is exposure to the complex ways in which various issues relate to one another in the real world. They need to understand how slavery caused a civil war. They need to think about the relationship between big corporations and local workers. They need to examine how mothers and fathers have reacted when their sons and daughters traveled far from our shores to defend our country. These and so many other issues of democracy, economy, and war are connected with the issues of race, class, and gender.
The National Association of Scholars report seems to demand a simple and one-sided history of just a few people. What we are teaching at UT, in almost all of our history and related courses, is a plural history of how many different people and parts of America relate to one another. What we are teaching is the beauty, the color, the promise, and also the challenge of contemporary America. What we are doing above all is to prepare our students to run a business or raise a family or serve their country in a world where success requires making connections between different ideas, memories, experiences, and peoples.
Nothing could be more American. It was, after all, James Madison who defined the greatness of American democracy as its pluralism. We are teaching pluralism in the history of foreign policy and race, economy and class, and, yes, war and gender. I wish skeptics from the National Association of Scholars and other groups would come and visit some of our courses. They have an open invitation to any of my lectures or seminars.
They have never come. Their report did not include a single campus visit or interview. They did not do their homework. If they did, they would see why I moved to Austin from another great university. This is where serious history is studied and taught so well. If you haven't been back in a while, come and see for yourself.
Jeremi Suri is the Mack Brown Distinguished Professor for Global Leadership, History, and Public Policy at UT-Austin.
GANGTOK, India - Thousands of terrified survivors of a Himalayan earthquake that killed 81 people and rattled parts of India, Nepal and China crowded Tuesday into shelters and relatives' homes or stayed out in the open for fear of aftershocks.
Soldiers used dynamite and earthmovers to clear landslides on highways through the steep valleys linking the worst-hit northeastern Indian state of Sikkim to the rest of India. They managed to clear a path to Mangan, closest to the epicenter of Sunday's 6.9-magnitude quake, but many other communities remained cut off and authorities fear the death toll could rise once rescuers reach them.
Indian army helicopters ferried rescuers and dropped food and supplies to still-inaccessible villages in Sikkim, a sparsely populated and almost entirely mountainous region that was an independent protectorate before becoming an Indian state in 1975.
Residents of the state, which borders Nepal, Bangladesh, Bhutan and the Chinese region of Tibet, have been spooked by at least five aftershocks since Sunday, with the strongest a magnitude 5.3.
Dawa Lendup Lepcha, 25, a university student in Gangtok, the capital of Sikkim, said that even though the room he rents was not badly damaged, he was too nervous to stay there alone and moved in with a cousin.
"Even now we feel scared. If a car makes a loud sound or there is some other sudden noise I feel very scared," he said.
Thousands of others moved out of their homes in Gangtok and the neighboring villages and took shelter in the open grounds of a university building and a soccer stadium. Many were sleeping outside, huddling under blankets to ward off the cold. Nighttime temperatures have been about 17 degrees Celsius (62 fahrenheit).
"The damage to houses is substantial. Many thousands of houses have collapsed while others have suffered structural damage," said Amit Patro, editor of the English language Sikkim Express newspaper.
Fearing his own home wasn't safe, Patro moved with his mother, wife and two children to a friend's house.
"I don't know how long we will camp with friends. For a few more days at least, till I can convince my family that it's safe to move back," he said.
The quake killed at least 50 people in Sikkim and caused extensive damage to homes and buildings, said the state's top official, Karma Gyatso.
Another 12 people were killed in West Bengal and six others in Bihar, India's Home Secretary R. K. Singh told reporters. The earthquake also killed six people in Nepal and seven in Tibet.
Singh said rescue efforts were being hampered by heavy rain and landslides which had cut off large swaths of Sikkim.
Lepcha said he had only managed to speak with his family in northern Sikkim twice since Sunday's earthquake and while his relatives were safe, he said there were few details because the phone connections were very erratic.
The region has been hit by major earthquakes in the past, including in 1950 and 1897.
In a softball exchange with Democratic Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer on Monday's NBC Today that sounded more like a DNC strategy session, co-host Matt Lauer demanded to know how liberal lawmakers were going to stop President Trump's executive order on immigration: “...you said you thought it was crucial for Democrats to be the bulwark against some of the things that Donald Trump wants to do....what do you intend to do about it? What power do you have?”
Lauer was quoting Schumer's own words during an Inauguration Day appearance on the morning show, when the New York Senator proclaimed: “I realized the importance of the role of we Democrats in the Senate. We are sort of the bulwark against some of the things that President-elect Trump might try to do that won't be acceptable to our values or the American people.”
On Monday, Schumer responded by announcing: “Well, this evening I will ask for a vote on the floor of the Senate to repeal this....Already 11 Republicans, not just the ones you've shown, have spoken out against it.” Lauer fretted: “Speaking out against it on the Republican side is very different from then taking the next step.”
Moments later, Lauer noted: “All of this happens as many of Donald Trump's nominees for cabinet positions, key cabinet positions, are still waiting action. I think only two of 15 have actually been approved.” Rather than press Schumer on Democrats holding up those nominations, the co-host vaguely wondered: “Are you willing to connect the dots?”
<<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>>
Schumer took that to be an endorsement of Democratic obstructionism:
Yes, tonight another thing I will do is ask that they delay the nomination, the vote, on Mr. Tillerson for Secretary of State because when he was questioned in committee and asked about a future Muslim ban, because we didn't know that it was occurring, he was very mealy-mouthed. So I'm going to ask for a delay...
Lauer followed up: “What about any of the other cabinet nominees?” Schumer replied: “I think we're going to ask about it for just about every one.” Lauer warned: “And you're going to be accused of taking political hostages.” Schumer dismissed such concerns: “Oh, please. This is so important to America. Aren't the American people entitled to know the positions of these cabinet people before they come in?”
Notice how the NBC journalist said Schumer was “going to be accused” of playing politics, rather than actually level the charge directly.
Wrapping up the friendly sit-down, Lauer teed up Schumer to promise another fight against Trump's agenda: “...there is word that President Trump's pick for the Supreme Court could be announced as early as today or tomorrow. Given what happened with Merrick Garland back last year with the Republicans, how messy is this going to get?”
Schumer declared: “Well, look, we're not looking for payback, but we're looking for two things. Number one, and above all, a candidate who will be in the mainstream....Will the President nominate someone who's mainstream enough to get bipartisan support?”
Lauer skipped the usual talk of urging the Senate to give the President's court pick a fair hearing and instead put the onus on the Trump administration: “Has the White House reached out at all across the aisle?” Schumer explained: “They've asked, in general, our views with nothing specific. I told them we wanted a mainstream judge. Let's hope and pray he listens.”
Despite the Democrat's claims that his party was not “looking for payback,” just hours later, Schumer's colleagues announced they would filibuster Trump's court pick “no matter who the president chooses to the fill the current vacancy.”
Here is a full transcript of Lauer's January 30 interview with Schumer:
TRUMBULL, CT—Saying it's the only time of day when everyone can be together in one place, the Gleason family confirmed Thursday that it strictly forbids smartphones to be used while eating dinner in front of the television. “Dinner is a chance for us to sit down as a whole family—is it really so much to ask that everyone puts down their phone for just one hour while we eat and watch some TV?” said mother Diane Gleason, adding that the rule gives the busy family of four a chance to enjoy shows stored on DVR without getting sidetracked by checking Facebook, playing games, or reading text messages. “We're all so attached to our devices that we sometimes forget about taking time to come together for a little while, set aside our technological distractions, and watch The Big Bang Theory as a family. The kids may groan about it, but if it wasn't for dinner, none of us might be caught up on any shows at all.” Gleason went on to say that even she had days when she'd rather be on her phone than watching The Voice, but knew it was important for the family that she follow the household rule at all times.
Advertisement
Before the national crackup about “keeping your insurance,” Governor Scott Walker (R-WI) sent out almost 100,000 cancelation notices of his own.
In late September, many of Wisconsin's poorest residents found out that their health coverage had been terminated and they would likely need to pay more to stay insured.
Republicans led by Scott Walker were “reforming” one of the most generous Medicaid programs in the nation. Badgercare currently covers families that earn up to 200 percent of the federal poverty level. Next year the program will only cover families that earn up to 100 percent of the poverty level.
As part of a plot to shift the burden of care to the federal government, the governor is moving tens of thousands of Wisconsinites and their families off Badgercare, a program that has been capped since 2009, to bring 80,000 single adults under the poverty level onto the program. But because of problems with Healthcare.gov, Walker wants to delay this move for three months, leaving some of the poorest people in the state with no health insurance for months.
Leave it to Scott Walker to use the greatest attempt to cover the uninsured in generations to leave some his state's poorest people with no coverage at all.
The Tea Partying governor is also rejecting the Affordable Care Act's expansion of Medicaid, turning down $100 million this year. The federal government will fund expansion at 100 percent for three years, eventually tapering down to 90 percent by the end of the decade. Currently the feds pay for 60 percent of Badgercare.
Why is Walker turning down this 30 percent raise from the government on behalf of Wisconsin—a decision that could cost his state's employers $36 million?
“For anyone who says, ‘Why would you not take it?' My answer is simple. I don't wanna expose the taxpayers in my state to the burden that's gonna come due when the federal government reneges on their promise,” Walker told MSNBC's Morning Joe.
LOL.
Wisconsinites receive more than $40 billion in federal funding every year. Walker had no worries about that money arriving when he signed a $100 million property tax cut that mostly benefits corporations and the rich, and millions in tax cuts before it.
The prospect of the federal government reneging on its promise is an argument against increasing border security, building new roads or, especially, maintaining a nuclear arsenal. Are states going to reject military installations because the federal government may renege on the funding? Of course not.
The only people who are even talking about cutting Medicaid are Republicans.
Walker's real answer is far more sinister, and intimately connected to his real ambitions.
1.2k
0
0
0
17
1182
It's not quite the same as your typical Ubuntu or Debian install. Linux on Galaxy launches through an app, and it's using the same kernel as Android itself in order to maintain performance. And it almost goes without saying that you'll really want a DeX setup, since most Linux apps are expecting a large screen, mouse and keyboard.
As it stands, you'll have to be patient. Linux on Galaxy isn't available right now -- you can sign up for alerts, but it's not ready for public consumption. Even so, this is good evidence that Samsung thinks of DeX as considerably more than a novelty feature. It may be a long, long while (if ever) before many people are using their phones as desktops, but Samsung is willing to gradually build up its ecosystem and eventually give you an incentive to take a second look.
This image from video shows a girl just before she was hit by a van in a market in the Chinese city of Foshan on Oct. 13. (Photo: Reuters)
If there is a bright note to the sad storyof Wang Yue, the two-year old who was ignored by more than a dozen passers-by after a hit-and-run collision, it is 57-year-old scrap picker Chen Xianmei, who stopped to help the gravely injured toddler. The incident has prompted a vast outpouring of online anger and soul searching as to how so many people could be so callous towards the suffering of a child.
Wang Yue was hit by a van in hardware market the southeastern city of Foshan on Thursday. The van that ran over her didn't stop, and a second van that also hit the child didn't stop either. Security camera video of the incident shows multiple people walk or drive past the girl on scooters and three-wheel carts.
Chen arrived about 10 minutes after the girl was hit, and can be seen in the footage dropping her bag of recyclables, straining to move the child out of the path of oncoming vehicles and then calling for help. The child's mother, who was hanging up laundry nearby, came rushing to the scene after hearing Chen's calls, which had been ignored by others, according to state media. On Monday night the child's mother posted an online update that said Yue Yue remained in intensive care and could not breathe on her own, but that she had gained some feeling in her limbs. The drivers of both vans have been arrested.
Chinese press reports said Chen had moved to Foshan from a smaller city in Guangdong, and that she spent her mornings working as a cook and collected bottles and cans in the afternoons. In video and photos online Yue Yue's sobbing parents can be seen bowing before their daughter's rescuer, a skinny woman who appears not much bigger than a child herself. In an interview with the Southern Metropolis Daily, Chen sounded flustered at the response her actions have received. The local government gave her a $3,000 reward, and a businessman reportedly offered another $15,000. “I only did a simple thing,” she told the newspaper.
But her actions have raised complicated questions. Recently China has seen prominent cases of bystanders ignoring injured people. In Wuhan last month an elderly man who had fallen in a market died after he suffocated from a nosebleed. While a large crowd had gathered, no one had offered to help, and he was only taken to the hospital by family members who arrived more than an hour later, according to the official China Daily. As my colleague Hannah Beech reported, one explanation is that many Chinese fear the liability they might incur, because Good Samaritans have sometimes seen the people they intend to help turn on them. In one famous 2006 case in Nanjing, a young man who helped a woman who had fallen while getting off a bus was later sued. The woman claimed that he was the one who pushed her, and a court ruled that he was partly responsible.
Other explanations include the so-called “bystander effect,” in which crowds make people less likely to help injured people. Still others discuss a decline of morality that has shadowed China's dramatic economic reforms. But it is worth noting that such questions have been around since before the People's Republic was founded. In his 1939 work Peasant Life in China, Chinese anthropologist Fei Xiaotong examined how social obligations were determined by the closeness of relationships. Fei “called this a concentric pattern of social relations with positions measured by how close one stood in relation to the actor,” Linda Wong wrote in her 1998 book Marginalization and Social Welfare in China. “The more distant the location from the centre, the weaker the claim, so that ultimately one did not have any obligation to people unknown to oneself.”
There are direct echoes of that description in Chen's description of events. She told the Southern Metropolis Daily reporter that many of the people she asked for help responded that if it wasn't her child, she shouldn't bother with it. Thankfully, Chen had the decency to ignore that advice.
The Obama administration's transparency and accounting methods have been publicly lambasted on a range of issues over the last couple of months.
The criticism comes as Republicans are expected to win control of at least one chamber of Congress on Tuesday and, with it, gain new oversight and subpoena powers.
In a report issued last month, Neil Barofsky, the special inspector general for the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP), suggested the administration was playing accounting games to make it look like the government was regaining more money from TARP than it actually was.
ADVERTISEMENT
Barofsky accused the Treasury Department of concealing $40 billion in likely taxpayer losses on the AIG bailout. Barofsky, who was confirmed by the Senate in 2008 after the Wall Street bailout passed, granted several interviews on his report.
He told The New York Times, “In our view, this is a significant failure in their transparency.”
Treasury officials strongly disputed Barofsky's findings, pointing to a difference in methodology.
Sen. Chuck Grassley Charles (Chuck) Ernest GrassleyOvernight Health Care: Drug execs set for grilling | Washington state to sue over Trump rule targeting Planned Parenthood | Wyoming moves closer to Medicaid work requirements Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Lower refunds amplify calls to restore key tax deduction MORE (R-Iowa), the Finance Committee ranking member who has conducted aggressive oversight of Democratic and Republican administrations, swiftly rebuked the Treasury Department. Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), who would take over the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee if Republicans win the House, also criticized the administration.
Meanwhile, the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) quietly approved 30 waivers to companies that were considering dropping their healthcare coverage. The waivers enabled them to dodge a key mandate in the healthcare law President Obama signed earlier this year.
The decision, which was buried on HHS's website and not announced in a press release, was excoriated by both liberals and conservatives.
In September, White House Health Reform Director Nancy-Ann DeParle stated on the White House blog that the new healthcare law “will make healthcare more affordable for Americans.”
But Richard Foster, Medicare's nonpartisan chief actuary, disputed that assertion. At the time, he said, “The amounts quoted in the White House blog are not meaningful…”
The Obama administration is also taking criticism on a high-profile voter intimidation case.
A draft report by the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights that was leaked recently alleged the Department of Justice (DoJ) tried to hide the involvement of high-level political officials in its decision to dismiss a high-profile voter intimidation lawsuit against the New Black Panther Party.
On Election Day 2008, two members of the New Black Panther Party were standing outside a polling station in Philadelphia, with one clenching a nightstick, according to video of the incident, which has been posted on the Internet.
The U.S. Commission on Civil Rights stated DoJ's actions failed to protect white voters and is “at war with its core mission of guaranteeing equal protection” for all Americans.
Rep. Frank Wolf Frank Rudolph WolfDOJ opinion will help protect kids from dangers of online gambling Vulnerable Republican keeps focus as Democrats highlight Trump Bolton could be the first national security chief to prioritize religious freedom MORE (R-Va.) has pursued the DoJ's handling of the New Black Panther Party case and pointed out that he hasn't received responses from DoJ to his multiple requests for documents and information on the matter.
If the GOP wins control of the House Tuesday, Wolf is expected to become the chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, and Science, which has jurisdiction over the DoJ's budget.
The White House did not comment for this article. However, administration officials have repeatedly touted the president's transparency and open-government record, most notably on the release of White House visitor logs. Watchdog groups have praised Obama for publicly releasing much more information than the previous administration.
Republicans on Capitol Hill contend the administration's actions on transparency do not match its rhetoric.
Darrell West, a political scientist and director of governance studies at the Brookings Institute, said Republicans will conduct rigorous oversight of the Obama administration should they gain subpoena powers.
“It's going to get a lot testier,” said West of the possible Republican majority. “It's going to be tough because you may end up with government by subpoena. It slows everything down. It makes it difficult for people to do their day jobs and it means that everyone is looking over their shoulder all of the time.”
Republicans, however, counter that there needs to be a check and balance on the Obama White House.
Grassley has been focused on strengthening the power of Congress's investigative arm, the Government Accountability Office (GAO). The GAO has had its requests repeatedly rebuffed by officials from the DoJ, the State Department, and the Department of Defense, among others, according to letters from the GAO to congressional leaders obtained by The Hill.
Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have been especially concerned that the GAO has been unable to obtain personnel vacancy rates within the FBI's counterterrorism division.
The vacancies have prevented the agency from developing a staff of experienced counterterrorism experts, according to a letter signed by Sens. Patrick Leahy Patrick Joseph LeahySenate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl Booker wins 2020 endorsement of every New Jersey Democrat in Congress The Hill's Morning Report - Can Bernie recapture 2016 magic? MORE (D-Vt.) and Grassley and Reps. John Conyers (D-Mich.), Lamar Smith (R-Texas) and Bobby Scott Robert (Bobby) Cortez ScottTop Dems blast administration's proposed ObamaCare changes Virginia congressional delegation says it's 'devastated by' Richmond Turmoil The Hill's 12:30 Report: AOC unveils Green New Deal measure | Trump hits Virginia Dems | Dems begin hearings to get Trump tax returns MORE (D-Va.). Leahy heads the Senate Judiciary Committee while Conyers chairs the House Judiciary panel.
The DoJ cites a 1988 legal opinion issued by DoJ's Office of Legal Counsel, which it says grants Congress — not the GAO — access to intelligence-related information, including personnel and human capital data.
Smith, the ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee, has been a critic of the DoJ over the last couple of years. Smith's office has emphasized the need for congressional oversight in three major areas: the closure of the Guantánamo Bay military prison; allegations of criminal misconduct by the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN) and the DOJ's actions in the New Black Panther Party case.
A spokesman for the White House did not return a request for comment. Issa's office also did not return a request for comment.
This article was updated and clarified on Nov. 5.
Sen. Bob Corker, with his leader
Sen. Bob Corker (R-TN) laid out all his greatest fears at the recent Republican retreat. The biggest one? That Republicans won't end Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid as we know them in order to spend more money on bombs and guns.
Corker began Thursday's session by challenging his colleagues to "prioritize within our own government" in order for the country to be successful on the world stage without going broke. But by the end of it, he questioned whether Republicans were willing to pay for a burgeoning military with major financial reforms to entitlement programs like Medicaid, Medicare and Social Security. Trump has said he does not intend to dip into those popular programs to fund his agenda. "Unless we have the moral fortitude and courage to deal with the elephant in the room, all this other stuff we're talking about is a total waste of time," Corker said. "National security is our first responsibility, but leaving the nation greater for other people certainly is up there, and we're not willing to deal with this?"
Apparently that means the nation can't be great if it's citizens don't have to live in fear of poverty and ill health. Well, Corker, you might have your chance here with your new president. Too bad he made all those pesky promises about not touching Social Security. Because believe me, that's one promise his voters expect him to keep.
Bauer-Griffin / GC Images
Attention, Shia LaBeouf! Pest control company Terminix has a very important message for you: They saw your new rattail, and they're extremely concerned about it.
"At Terminix, we keep our eyes on all things pest-related," Michael Wassmer, who works in communications at Terminix/Servicemaster, wrote to MTV News in an email. "When we heard about this ratty trend making its way back into pop culture from the '80s, we wanted to treat it like we do actual rats -- by stopping it in its tracks."
Exterminators are known for their rat-eliminating skills, and apparently by extension that includes rattails. And Terminix, being the world's largest pest control company, fully intends to hold up their end of the deal if Shia ditches the braid.
"This is a completely sincere offer," Wassmer promised us. "If Shia removes his rat tail and recommends a charity, Terminix will happily write a $10,000 check to support his cause of choice."
Whoa. You hear that, Shia? Your rattail has the mighty power to do good! To help the world! To save the planet!
...but only if you cut it off.
We asked Wassmer if the company has similar views regarding man buns, because Hollywood loves a good man bun.
"Terminix supports all sorts of haircut choices, but won't stand for pest-inspired 'dos. We have a no-tolerance policy for rat tails."
This sounds reasonable enough to us. So what will you decide, Shia? Will the rattail stay or go? The world needs to know.
The Problem
In approximately 6th century B.C., Cleobulus of Lindos, one of the Seven Sages of Greece, presented to the world a word-based mind game1. He called it "Scrabble". When outlining his game, he omitted an important part, perhaps on purpose -- how to compute the score of a word. A universal solution has yet to arise.
Assumptions
In order to provide a reasonable solution that will hold in this dimension, we must first make some assumptions.
1) The letters A, E, I, O, U, L, N, R, S, and T have the value 1. 2) The letters D and G have the value 2. 3) The letters B, C, M, and P have the value 3. 4) The letters F, H, V, W, and Y have the value 4. 5) The letter K has the value 5. 6) The letters J and X have the value 8. 7) The letters Q and Z have the value 10.
A Solution
Let us begin.
Breaking the problem down and outlining a solution in pseudocode is good for simple scripting problems like this one, so let's start there.
-- given a word -- split the word up into letters -- get the points value for each letter -- store / record the point values for each letter -- add up all the point values -- return the sum
I find it helpful to start with the type signature when constructing functions in Elm. The function we want to build will take a word and return a score. In terms the compiler can understand, it will take a String and return an Int .
scoreWord: String -> Int
Next, we can start building our function.
scoreWord: String -> Int scoreWord word = word
Okay, so splitting the word up into letters is easy:
scoreWord: String -> Int scoreWord word = String.split "" word
Now we need to get the points value for each letter. This introduces a bit of complexity into our problem -- where do the point values come from? Elm doesn't know what a letter is worth. One way to tell it is to make a record, a series of key-value pairs.
pointsCategories = { one = [ "A", "E", "I", "O", "U", "L", "N", "R", "S", "T" ] , two = [ "D", "G" ] , three = [ "B", "C", "M", "P" ] , four = [ "F", "H", "V", "W", "Y" ] , five = [ "K" ] , eight = [ "J", "X" ] , ten = [ "Q", "Z" ] }
Each key of our record is the word version of the point value. Each value is a list containing every letter that has that point value. Records in Elm cannot have number literals for keys, so this is the closest we can get.
Now, we need a function that will score a letter by looking up it's point value in the pointsCategories record and converting that to a number.
getPointsForLetter : String -> Int getPointsForLetter letter = if List.member letter pointsCategories.one then 1 else if List.member letter pointsCategories.two then 2 else if List.member letter pointsCategories.three then 3 else if List.member letter pointsCategories.four then 4 else if List.member letter pointsCategories.five then 5 else if List.member letter pointsCategories.eight then 8 else if List.member letter pointsCategories.ten then 10 else 0
Okay, this function is a little (very) redundant. I'm starting to get the feeling that this program is a wee bit smelly and could use some tidying up, but let's get this solution working before we refactor.
This would be a good time to note that all the letters in our pointsCategories record are uppercase, but we do not have that guarantee for a given word, unless you're playing a very loud version of Cleobulus's game.
In order to address this, we might as well make all of our letters uppercase, since that's how they appear in the pointsCategories record -- WITH ENERGY!
scoreWord : String -> Int scoreWord word = List.map String.toUpper (String.split "" word)
Now we have a list of uppercase letters to work with so we can use our getPointsValue function to convert letters to points.
scoreWord : String -> Int scoreWord word = List.map getPointsForLetter (List.map String.toUpper (String.split "" word))
These parentheses are getting out of hand -- time to take advantage of the Elm's brilliant pipe operator to make our solution readable.
The pipe operator is nice because it turns
f(g(h(i(x))))
into
x |> i |> h |> g |> f
where x is some value and i , h , g , and f are functions.
Applying this nifty tool to our solution, we get:
scoreWord : String -> Int scoreWord word = word |> String.split "" |> List.map String.toUpper |> List.map getPointsForLetter
The astute reader will notice we are not yet returning an Int , but rather a list of Int 's (or List Int using Elm syntax). Let's fix that.
scoreWord : String -> Int scoreWord word = word |> String.split "" |> List.map String.toUpper |> List.map getPointsForLetter |> List.sum
This solution works, but I detest the repetitive chain of if else if 's in the getPointsForLetter function. Unfortunately, this is the crux of the solution, so this refactors is going to be a big one!
All Aboard the Refactor Tractor
The main issue with the above solution is the fact that we can't use a number literal as the key in our pointsCategories record. This means we are separating looking up the value and converting it to an Int . We will need to reach into our toolbox and find a new data structure to use in order to solve this. I propose we use a dictionary ( Dict ) to tie a number to a character. We need to import Dict to use it.
import Dict exposing (..) pointValues : Dict Char Int pointValues = Dict.fromList [ ( 'A', 1 ) , ( 'E', 1 ) , ( 'I', 1 ) , ( 'O', 1 ) , ( 'U', 1 ) , ( 'L', 1 ) , ( 'N', 1 ) , ( 'R', 1 ) , ( 'S', 1 ) , ( 'T', 1 ) , ( 'D', 2 ) , ( 'G', 2 ) , ( 'B', 3 ) , ( 'C', 3 ) , ( 'M', 3 ) , ( 'P', 3 ) , ( 'F', 4 ) , ( 'H', 4 ) , ( 'V', 4 ) , ( 'M', 4 ) , ( 'Y', 4 ) , ( 'K', 5 ) , ( 'J', 8 ) , ( 'X', 8 ) , ( 'Q', 10 ) , ( 'Z', 10 ) ]
Now we can access the point value for a letter using the Dict.get method. This change of data structure is crucial because we have moved the redundancy out of our program and into the data itself. Redundancy in data is gravy, redundancy in code is gunk.
Let's write a function that takes a character and returns it's point value.
getPointValue : Char -> Int getPointValue letter = let letterScore = Dict.get letter pointValues in case letterScore of Just score -> score Nothing -> 0
Dict.get is not guaranteed to return something since it can be called with a value that may not correspond to a key in the dictionary, like if we tried to get the point value of a Chinese character. In terms that Elm's compiler can understand, Dict.get returns a Maybe type, so we need to tell the program how to handle both cases of the Maybe type -- Just (we got something) and Nothing (no luck).
If we get a score back, then return that score. If not, default to 0.
Time to rewrite scoreWord so it splits our word into a list of Char 's ( String.toList ) and uses our new getPointValue function to get the value of each character in the list.
scoreWord : String -> Int scoreWord word = word |> String.toUpper |> String.toList |> List.map getPointValue |> List.sum
This works, but I still think getPointValue is a bit verbose. Let's use a couple tricks to make it easier to understand.
flip is a neat tool that lets you flip the order of arguments to a function. Maybe.withDefault is a shorthand way to do what we did in our case statement. Taking advantage of these two handy mechanisms and the pipe operator, we can write getPointValue like this:
getPointValue : Char -> Int getPointValue letter = letter |> flip Dict.get pointValues |> Maybe.withDefault 0
Ah, much better.
To cap off the post, here's the entire script:
module ScrabbleScore exposing (..) import Dict exposing (..) pointValues : Dict Char Int pointValues = Dict.fromList [ ( 'A', 1 ) , ( 'E', 1 ) , ( 'I', 1 ) , ( 'O', 1 ) , ( 'U', 1 ) , ( 'L', 1 ) , ( 'N', 1 ) , ( 'R', 1 ) , ( 'S', 1 ) , ( 'T', 1 ) , ( 'D', 2 ) , ( 'G', 2 ) , ( 'B', 3 ) , ( 'C', 3 ) , ( 'M', 3 ) , ( 'P', 3 ) , ( 'F', 4 ) , ( 'H', 4 ) , ( 'V', 4 ) , ( 'M', 4 ) , ( 'Y', 4 ) , ( 'K', 5 ) , ( 'J', 8 ) , ( 'X', 8 ) , ( 'Q', 10 ) , ( 'Z', 10 ) ] getPointValue : Char -> Int getPointValue letter = letter |> flip Dict.get pointValues |> Maybe.withDefault 0 scoreWord : String -> Int scoreWord word = word |> String.toUpper |> String.toList |> List.map getPointValue |> List.sum
While we can never know exactly how Cleobulus intended for a word to be scored, we can give our best guess and this is mine.
If you like my style, check out my blog or follow me on Twitter at @_vincecampanale for occasional web development goodies in between memes and retweets :)
1 I made this up.
After just four days in theaters, The Mermaid has grossed an estimated RMB 1 billion ($152.4 million), the biggest four-day start on record, and, what with three days left in the “Golden Week” holiday plus solid word of mouth, it could challenge Monster Hunt ($381 million) to become the highest-grossing film of all-time in China.
Behind The Mermaid, two other homegrown New Year films pics have fared impressively in their own right — From Vegas to Macau III, starring Chow Yun Fat, with an estimated four-day total of RMB 524 million ($79.7 million), and the FX-driven fantasy film The Monkey King 2, which took in with RMB 485 million ($73.8 million). But these both lack the positive word of mouth online driving The Mermaid's unprecedented success.
Ticket sales during the first four days of the Lunar New Year reached a combined estimated RMB 2.1 billion ($320 million), resulting in the four biggest single days ever at China's box office.
Valentine's Day (情人节), another peak moviegoing day for young Chinese couples, will fall on the last day of the public holiday, meaning the entire weeklong holiday has a good chance of hitting RMB 3 billion, a 65% increase over last year's Lunar New Year period.
Three love-bitten films debut on Sunday — the romantic-comedy Mr. Highheels (高跟鞋先生), distributed by Le Vision Pictures, Love Actually-esque Run For Love (奔爱), starring Zhang Ziyi and Eddie Peng, and distributed by Enlight Media, and Hong Kong director Fruit Chan's crime thriller Kill Time (谋杀似水年华) from Wanda's distribution arm Wuzhou Film Distribution.
According to online ticketing portal Maoyan (猫眼), early estimates for screen distribution on Sunday put the three new Valentine's Day releases behind the three Lunar New Year releases. The Mermaid, still in high demand and with romantic elements to attract V-day couples, will remain unscathed, but screen numbers will drop for From Vegas to Macau III, The Monkey King 2, and holdover Kung Fu Panda 3 (currently at $116.4 million).
Follow Jonathan Papish on Twitter @ChinaBoxOffice
TAMPA, Fla. -- Free-agent wide receiver Vincent Jackson has signed a five-year, $55.55 million contract with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Jackson was one of the top wideouts available in free agency once San Diego decided not to give him the franchise tag. It didn't take him long to hook up with Tampa Bay and quarterback Josh Freeman, in whose honor Jackson got all those 5s in the deal; Freeman wears uniform No. 5.
The contract, negotiated by Schwartz and Feinsod Agency, will pay Jackson $13 million in each of his first two years, then $10 million for the third year.
Jackson will provide a deep threat for Freeman, whose other receivers, Mike Williams and Arrelious Benn, are more short-range targets.
Sources told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter earlier Tuesday that Tampa Bay is also trying to sign free-agent guard Carl Nicks.
Nicks, a two-time Pro Bowler at guard, was voted first-team All-Pro by The Associated Press in 2011, along with the Saints' other starting guard, Jahri Evans. That hasn't happened since 1953, with Detroit's Lou Creekmur and Dick Stanfel.
While Nicks is just cashing in now, Evans signed a seven-year, $56.7 million contract with the Saints in 2010. Nicks was drafted by the Saints in the fifth round of the 2008 draft.
Jackson was a Pro Bowler last season after catching 60 passes for 1,106 yards and nine touchdowns, but his departure from San Diego wasn't exactly a surprise.
The 6-foot-5 Jackson had consecutive 1,000-yard seasons in 2008-09 before getting embroiled in a nasty contract spat that cost him much of the 2010 season.
Jackson's original five-year contract expired after the 2009 season. But because 2010 was an uncapped year, he would have needed six seasons to become an unrestricted free agent.
Ten years ago, an Unbreakable sequel likely didn't sound too realistic to fans of writer-director M. Night Shyamalan. Every once in a while, Shyamalan would mention the idea. But it's only recently, after the huge success of Split, that another movie with David Dunn (Bruce Willis) and Elijah Price (Samuel L. Jackson) sounded plausible. Now, the sequel is picking up more momentum, as Shyamalan has completed an 11-page outline for the film.
Below, get an update on the Unbreakable sequel. (Warning: spoilers for Split ahead.)
Shyamalan's Split ends by bringing David back after Kevin (James McAvoy) goes on the run. The writer-director actually hinted at Split‘s origins as an Unbreakable sequel over six years ago:
I cannibalized the idea for the sequel to Unbreakable for one of the Night Chronicles. It was such a cool idea for a villain, and it was actually originally in the script for Unbreakable, and it was too much… There were too many villains, so I pulled this villain out and was like, ‘I'll make this the second flick.'…I fleshed it out more and more, and thought, ‘This could be a standalone movie. I'll just say it: the third Night Chronicles movie is what would have been the sequel [to Unbreakable].
The Night Chronicles were an intended trilogy of films by Shyamalan. 2010's Devil was the first installment, but the next two projects never got off the ground and the entire idea seems to have withered away. Split isn't part of the Night Chronicles, obviously, but it seems to have stemmed from the same original concept that Shyamalan mentions above. The director previously said he has an outline for the sequel he needs to finish before he starts writing the next chapter in David Dunn and Kevin's story.
The director tweeted yesterday he's completed that outline, so now he can get going on writing the Unbreakable sequel.
I have an 11 page outline for my next film in my bag. I can't tell you what it is, but If you've seen #Split… — M. Night Shyamalan (@MNightShyamalan) February 4, 2017
Two weeks ago Shyamalan said he plans on making the Unbreakable sequel next. “It's the final movie of these two movies put together,” he explained. He'll complete both David and Kevin's arcs. Split and Unbreakable ended with them accepting who they think they are, but where they'll go next is unknown. It'll be interesting to see what David and his wife and son have been up to the past ten years or so, and how Elijah Price has changed. Shyamalan hasn't shared too many details about what to expect from David and Kevin's highly-anticipated confrontation, but he's said before about the Unbreakable sequel that “it should never feel like a comic book movie.”
Split is now in theaters.
First Concrete to Be Poured at EDF's Hinkley Point Project in UK
(WNN) The UK's Office for Nuclear Regulation (ONR) has granted its first consent for the start of construction of a nuclear power plant at Hinkley Point C. The consent covers the placement of the structural concrete for the first nuclear safety-related structure at the site. It does not give consent for all elements of construction.
Under a deal agreed in October 2015, China General Nuclear (CGN) will take a 33.5% stake in EDF Energy's £18 billion ($28 billion) project to construct Hinkley Point C, in Somerset, England.
Consisting of two Areva-designed European Pressurized Reactors, it will be the first new nuclear power station to be built in the UK in almost 20 years and will provide about 7% of the country's electricity. The first unit is expected to be commissioned in 2025-2026.
The UK EPR design became the first reactor design to complete the country's Generic Design Assessment (GDA) process and receive a Design Acceptance Confirmation (DAC) from the ONR and a Statement of Design Acceptability from the Environment Agency, in December 2012.
EDF Energy and CGN also plan to develop projects to build new plants at Sizewell in Suffolk and Bradwell in Essex, the latter using Chinese reactor technology – the HPR1000. General Nuclear Systems (GNS) is a joint venture between CGN and EDF, developed to deliver the Bradwell project.
The regulators received a request from the government to commence a GDA of the UK HPR1000 reactor technology on 10 January. This followed their work with GNS, the requesting party, on the pre-requisites for GDA. The ONR said last week the GDA process for the UK HPR1000 had formally started on 19 January and that its completion was expected in 2021.
Dominion Utility Moves Forward with Nuclear Plan
(Southeast Energy News) A Virginia utility is forging ahead with plans for a new reactor provided by a different company.
Federal regulators signaled Dominion Virginia Power is on track to receive its long-sought license to build and operate its fifth reactor in the state once requisite structural modifications are certified to deal with earthquake risks.
The feedback came this week when the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) completed a mandatory hearing addressing a wide range of environmental and safety issues, including changes to the proposed reactor technology Dominion has selected, which has yet to be deployed in the U.S. It is the GE-Hitachi ESBWR.
“With the structural design changes,” the NRC stated, the proposed Economically Simplified Boiling Water Reactor (ESBWR) design meets “acceptance limits” needed to secure a Combined Construction and Operating License (COL).
Dominion's vice president of generation construction, Mark Mitchell, hailed the hearing as a “major milestone” for nuclear power in Virginia.
The structural changes required stem from an August 23, 2011 earthquake that shook much of the East Coast. That earthquake shut down both of the existing reactors at Dominion's North Anna plant, as they were designed to do, causing no “functional damage,” according to Dominion spokesman Richard Zuercher. The NRC authorized Dominion to restart both reactors three months later.
“We are poised to obtain a license for the new unit. We have not decided to build the new unit, and won't do so until after we obtain the COL,” said Mitchell.
“The energy markets change,” Zuercher added. “What might have made sense at one time, might not make sense now but may make sense again. It's all a timing issue.”
Kentucky, a Key Coal State, Overturns Its Moratorium on Nuclear Energy
(RTO Insider) Kentucky has dropped its decades-long nuclear moratorium, but experts on both sides of the nuclear debate say the move probably won't result in new reactors for now.
The law, signed by Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin on March 27, eliminates the requirement that nuclear power facilities have “means of permanent disposal” of nuclear waste, allowing a less onerous Nuclear Regulatory Commission-approved waste plan.
Sen. Danny Carroll (R), the bill's sponsor, said it was important that Kentucky start looking to diversify its energy portfolio, pointing out that nearby states take advantage of nuclear energy. Carroll said the bill will “keep Kentucky competitive with the energy portfolios of surrounding states.”
“When you run a business, you look for varied funding streams. You don't put all your eggs in one basket. … That's what we're doing in our state. Out of fear of nuclear energy, out of efforts to protect the coal industry, whatever the case may be, we are putting all our eggs in one basket,” Carroll said last year, when an earlier version of the bill languished after Senate approval. Kentucky does not house any nuclear generation.
Carroll has tried for years to promote the use of the Paducah, KY, site for development of a nuclear reactor. The site was originally used as a uranium enrichment plant by the WWII Manhattan Project. One of his ideas is the use nuclear energy for coal gasification to produce fossil fuels and petrochemical feedstocks.
The bill also eliminates the requirements that cost of waste disposal be known and that the facility have “adequate capacity to contain waste.”
The bill grants the Kentucky Public Service Commission the authority to hire consultants “to perform duties relating to nuclear facility certification” and allows it to prohibit construction of low-level nuclear waste disposal sites in Kentucky. The PSC can also direct the Energy and Environment Cabinet to review the nuclear permitting process.
Jordan and Saudi Arabia team up on uranium, SMRs
(WNN) Jordan and Saudi Arabia have signed agreements on cooperation in uranium exploration and carrying out a feasibility study into the construction of two small modular reactors (SMRs) in Jordan.
The agreements were among 15 major investment and economic agreements signed in Amman on 27 March following a meeting between Saudi Arabia's King Salman and King Abdullah II of Jordan.
A memorandum of understanding (MOU) was also signed by KA-CARE president Hashim Yamani and Khaled Touqan, head of the Jordan Atomic Energy Commission (JAEC). Under that MOU a feasibility study will be conducted on the construction of two small modular reactors in Jordan for the production of electricity and desalinated water.
Although Saudi Arabia's nuclear program is in its infancy, the Kingdom has plans to construct 16 nuclear power reactors over the next 20 years. Little progress has been reported relative to the program for 1000 MW class reactors. However, multiple efforts are underway for small units.
In September 2015, contracts were signed between KA-CARE and the Korea Atomic Energy Research Institute (KAERI) to support their cooperation in developing KAERI's SMART (System-integrated Modular Advanced Reactor). This is a 330 MWt (100 MWe) pressurized water reactor with integral steam generators and advanced safety features.
Earlier this month, China and Saudi Arabia signed a cooperation agreement for a joint study on the feasibility of constructing high-temperature gas-cooled reactors (HTGRs) in the Middle Eastern country.
In March 2015, Russia and Jordan signed an intergovernmental agreement on cooperation in the construction and operation of two 1000 MWe VVER units at Az-Zarqa in central Jordan. A feasibility on the construction of those units is expected to be completed within the next few months.
South Africa Is Looking Again At Abandoned Plans For PBMR, Says Eskom
(NucNet): South Africa's state utility and nuclear operator Eskom has started looking again at plans abandoned in 2010 to develop a Pebble Bed Modular Reactor (PBMR), the company's chief nuclear officer David Nicholls said. In an interview with EE Publishers, Mr Nicholls said Eskom is looking at whether there is a market for ultra-safe, small, nuclear reactors for power generation, using high-temperature technology.
He said Eskom had started looking at the PBMR again with “a clean sheet” and is carrying out a paper study “with limited research funding going into it.”
The PBMR was fundamentally designed in South Africa in the 1990s, based on German technology that was demonstrated in the 1970s and 80s. Mr Nicholls said the new work has been looking at what has changed since then, and how the PBMR design can be changed to take advantage of this.
“Probably the best example is 3D printing. We can now consider 3D printing the ceramic materials, which would have been unthinkable 20 years ago. We are also considering the use of concrete pressure vessels instead of steel, which could reduce the price significantly.”
HOLTEC Files License Application with NRC for Interim Storage of Spent Nuclear Fuel
(WNN) The NRC is expected to receive Holtec's application submittal which comprises a complete package of documents, including the Safety Analysis Report and the Environmental report on the HI-STORE CIS.
HI-STORE CIS is the name of Holtec's self-funded consolidated interim storage facility, which is being hosted by a coalition of counties and cities incorporated as ELEA, LLC in southeastern New Mexico.
Holtec thanked the NRC for conducting a pre-submittal technical audit in late February at its Technology Campus in Camden, NJ, which helped fine tune the content of the licensing package to accord with the NRC's expectations.
The regulatory application was for a capacity of 10,000 canisters. Holtec's Hi-Store Consolidated Interim Storage facility could store used fuel from any US nuclear power plant.
The application describes a 1,000-acre site near Hobbs, NM. It is a remote, geologically stable, dry location with existing infrastructure, including rail, and a pre-existing and robust scientific and nuclear operations workforce.
A similar facility is being developed just on the other side of the New Mexico / Texas border by Areva and Waste Control Specialists. The site, located near Andrews, TX, is already home to a low level radioactive waste facility. The consortium developing the spent fuel facility in Texas. It filed its license application in April 2016.
Japanese High Court Lifts Ban On Restart Of Takahama 3 And 4
(NucNet) The Osaka High Court has lifted an injunction against the restarts of the Takahama 3 and 4 reactor units (KANSAI) in Fukui Prefecture, southwest Japan, the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum (Jaif) said in a statement.
In March 2016, the regional Otsu District Court issued an injunction to halt operations at Takahama 3 and 4 in response to a request by anti-nuclear groups who said there were doubts about the station's seismic standards and about new regulatory standards brought in following Fukushima-Daiichi.
In July 2016, Kepco filed an appeal to the Osaka High Court seeking to allow it to restart Takahama 3 and 4. According to Jaif, in its appeal Kepco argued that its seismic data was based on results of precise geological investigations and that important facilities had sufficient seismic safety margins, with municipal evacuation plans being “effective and reasonable” and based on experiences from the Fukushima accident. Takahama 3 and 4 are both 830-MW pressurised water reactors which began commercial operation in 1985.
Japan's Regulator Postpones Decommissioning Approval For Five Reactors
(NucNet): Japan's Nuclear Regulation Authority (NRA) has postponed its approval of decommissioning plans for five nuclear reactors because of a “lack of clarity” in some sections of a report drawn up by the regulator's own secretariat, industry group the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum (Jaif) said on March 30, 2017.
Decommissioning work can only begin once the NRA approves the plans. The work includes tasks such as removing fuel from spent nuclear fuel pools and dismantling main reactor units and peripheral equipment.
The five units are Mihama-1 and -2, Tsuruga-1, Shimane-1 and Genkai-1. Decisions to decommission the units were taken in March 2015 for reasons of “economic inefficiency,” Jaif said.
All five units have been in commercial operation for more than 40 years. Jaif also said the NRA is evaluating a plan by Shikoku Electric Power Company to decommission Ikata-1. The power company decided in March 2015 to permanently shut down the reactor.
# # #
Update Dec. 12: Syracuse-area veteran with PTSD gets more time with young son as part of deal in custody battle
Onondaga, NY -- When a pool cue fell in a crowded restaurant, Shaun Portaleos heard the crack of a gunshot. He crouched to his knees and ducked. His family laughed. But the discharged Marine heard an echo of war.
Portaleos, of Onondaga, struggles with post-traumatic stress disorder after watching friends die and narrowly missing a catastrophic injury during two tours of duty in Iraq. Since his return home to the Syracuse area, he's waged another battle: equal custody of his 2-year-old son.
Portaleos, his little son and the child's mother are tied up in a two-year-old fight through state and federal courts with big implications. Should PTSD count against a veteran in custody fights? Should the Veterans Administration doctor be forced to testify in the case?
Two worthy goals - the desire to protect a child and the need for a grateful nation to not further penalize a traumatized soldier - collide in Portaleos' case. It's one of many thorny issues spawned by the growing class of PTSD victims from recent wars, estimated at anywhere from 100,000 to 300,000 nationally.
Lynne Gold-Bikin is a Philadelphia lawyer for 37 years who blog for Huffington Post and has written a paper on PTSD in family law. She said PTSD must impact the child's best interests to be considered in Family Court.
"There's no question PTSD is serious," Gold-Bikin said. "But the question is, what are his symptoms and how do they affect his ability to parent?"
Portaleos said his child helps him cope with the trauma. "I don't have any bad days with my son," he said. "It's my son and I take responsibility. It's what a man does. Not just a man, it's what you're supposed to do."
But the boy's mother, Gina Shannon, said she's scared something could go wrong. "What happens if the child wakes up at night and he thinks he's back at war?" she wondered. "He turns a switch and flips out. He goes back to something."
Both parents say the Veterans Administration has the answers. But the VA won't let his doctor testify in court. That's despite the wishes of both parents and Family Court Judge Michael Hanuszczak, whose order forcing the doctor to testify was overturned on appeal.
In August, a federal court judge decided he could not force the VA to comply, but urged it to reconsider, calling the decision "arbitrary and capricious."
Last month, the VA repeated its denial. That will send the custody case to trial in December, barring a settlement first.
The winding court battle from Family Court to federal court has left both parents and their young son in limbo for a year and a half. That's three-quarters of the child's life. During that time, Portaleos has been given four nights out of 14 with his son. He's looking for equal time, or perhaps primary custody.
"My main struggle is that I just want my son and I have to go through all this," Portaleos said.
There's no question the PTSD has wreaked havoc on his life. He can't work and receives 70 percent disability from the VA. He gets another 30 percent for a back injury suffered from a roadside bomb in Iraq.
He can't sleep most nights, getting lucky if he gets three hours of respite. Nightmares come and go. The worst days are on anniversaries of a friend's death in Iraq. On bad days, he just wants to seclude himself from the world.
He makes weekly visits to the VA hospital in Syracuse.
"I used to handle it a lot worse," Portaleos said. "I try to keep myself around people who understand."
He draws and paints and works out at the gym. He helps a fellow veteran, Joshua Watkins, with a website called JohnnysNewHope.org that seeks to help veterans cope with invisible battle scars.
He likens his invisible wounds to soldiers who return home physically scarred.
"When you see me and I lost an arm, you know what happened to me, I lost my arm," Portaleos said. "When people hear PTSD, they think, 'He's screwed up.' But it can be one thing, it can be a million. It's a scar that you can't see."
The VA treats Portaleos' level of PTSD seriously. This is how it generally describes his level of disability: "Occupational and social impairment, with deficiencies in most areas, such as work, school, family relations, judgment, thinking or mood." Symptoms include struggling with stressful circumstances, maintaining relationships and intermittent or near-continuous panic or depression.
Mark Sullivan, a retired colonel in the Army Reserve and a military lawyer, said there are very few custody battles involving veterans with PTSD. Sullivan said he was aware of Portaleos' case, and it's not surprising PTSD would be used against him in Family Court.
"It happens in a very small number of cases," said Sullivan, a North Carolina attorney who himself is representing a Marine veteran with PTSD seeking more parental custody. "But when a service member has an impairment, it will happen in a large number of cases."
A special counsel for New York court system said that lots of parents in custody battles have problems. He was not familiar with the soldier's case, but said generally that courts look at how people are dealing with those problems.
The question is: "Are they medically doing what they're supposed to be doing to keep it under control?" said Gerard Neri, special counsel to the Fifth Judicial District. "A lot of people have DWIs or are alcoholics or drug addicts. That's part of life."
Gold-Bikin said that a parent's "concerns" have to be backed up by evidence showing that the other parent's behavior impacts the interest of the child.
In this case, both parents agree that Portaleos once punched six holes in a wall during an argument. Shannon said he once pushed her in front of their child; Portaleos said he's never been violent towards her.
There are no police reports of domestic violence. There are no reports that Portaleos has ever been violent towards his son.
While the custody battle has other disagreements and accusations, it's the PTSD that has kept everyone waiting for answers.
For its part, the VA says it doesn't want to appear to favor one side or the other. It also said it didn't want to "spend the time and money of the United States for private purposes."
Without the doctor, it's not clear what role Portaleos's medical records could play at trial. As his lawyer, Vin Finocchio noted, "You can't cross-examine records."
Portaleos pointed to ways his son helps. They go to the zoo so the boy can see the elephants, despite the father's fear of crowded places. Caring for the toddler keeps his mind off the demons, Portaleos said.
The boy's mother isn't convinced. "If he's capable of taking care of a child, why is he not working?" She pointed to the PTSD and his medications as reason for concern.
Since the couple split, Shannon has returned to live with the man she left before seeing Portaleos. They've been married a year. She admitted that she once had a year-long order of protection against her now-husband, but said things are going well.
Portaleos said some soldiers with PTSD couldn't care for a child. But he's convinced he can.
"There's nothing that would hinder me from being a father," he said. "When I came back over here, I thought fighting was done for me, and now I'm fighting another battle."
Suicides in Greece, which used to have the lowest rate in Europe, are rising rapidly and coincide with crushing austerity measures that have driven 20 percent of the population into poverty.
Public Order Minister Nikos Dendias, on a request from Coalition of the Radical Left (SYRIZA) lawmakers, told Parliament the rate increased between 2009-11. The first pay cuts, tax hikes and slashed pensions were imposed in 2010 but Greece has been in a recession for five years, with 25.1 percent unemployment and more than 68,000 stores closed.
More than 2,500 people have taken their own lives and attempted suicides are also soaring. Just this month, a young nurse who lost her job jumped out a window to her death. The first four months of this year saw a surge in the number of suicides among the poor and those older than 65. It has risen by more than 33 percent against the same period for 2011, with some 700 people taking their lives since January 1.
Before the financial crisis began, Greece's suicide rate was only 2.8 per 100,000 inhabitants, according to the European Union's statistics agency Eurostat. Earlier this year the German news magazine Der Spiegel wrote that, “Most of the suicides were among members of the middle class and, in many cases, the act itself was carried out in public, almost as if it were a theatrical performance.”
A former minister whose name was on a list of suspected tax evaders killed himself this year and people have killed themselves by jumping off balconies, hanging, and other methods. The use of anti-depressants has also jumped some 25 percent, officials said. The most publicized was that of a 77-year-old pensioner who shot himself in the head under a tree in Syntagma Square earlier this year.
Health officials said that not all the suicides were related to the economic crisis but noted the rise came at the same time many people were being pushed into desperate circumstances.
(Sources: Kathimerini, UK Daily Mail, Der Spiegel)
CP3 a.k.a Chris Paul showing his skills at Topspin Las Vegas
Join a Table Tennis Club like www.lilyttc.com
I have had students in the past who have come out of garages and work offices to learn some new skills so that they can emerge at the top of their group of friends or colleagues. Having worked in a sales office with a table tennis table in the past, I know what kind of environment this is. Fortunately I had the ultimate immunity of being a properly trained player. So I decided to prepare this 5-step blog post on what you need to do to get ahead of the game and take down the competition in your garage or office.You need to assert some technical prowess. A player with more knowledge of how to hit a table tennis ball has an advantage. Learn to understand a little about the basic shots, the forehand and backhand. If you can master even the simpler shots and keep the ball on the table with them, you have landed yourself an advantage in every rally. While your colleagues may be able to hit some hard, the more consistent player in these situations will win the day. Here is a video from Alois and Jeff from Pingskills to help you on your way!The internet is the home of learning these days it seems. There is an incomprehensible amount of content online for learning table tennis. Head to youtube for video tutorials, blogs and forums (if you have questions) the online table tennis community is huge. Even watching some professionals play can help give you the hulk-like urge to destroy your enemies! Check out Brett Clarke from TTEdge below with some more tips!In the Summer of 2014 in Las Vegas I attended the Topspin Charity Tournament and watched the infamous Clipper's Star Chris Paul a.k.a CP3 absolutely dismantle his opposition to claim glory at his own tournament. So what could one amateur ping pong player do to set him above the rest? Simple, he knew how to serve with spin and no one could control their returns. The simple ability to serve well earned CP3 an enormous advantage, it was almost comical to watch. The two videos above are a good place to start, learning to serve puts your opponent on edge and under pressure!The best thing to do is to get down with some secret training, put in some out of office hours into it. Even playing against other people and gaining some experience will give you a stepping stone to wiping out your opponents and claiming your turf. Joining a club will let you experience it all, seeing better players competing, playing with a mix of different players (some of whom will give you advice if they are kind enough), access to learning material and coaching options. Not only that but you will make new friends along the way!The best step is to get a coach, if you are committed to ruling your domain. A coach will help turn you into the ping pong monster you have always dreamed of being with all the attention you need and like any good open book, the answers to all your questions about how to improve. Make sure you keep it all under wraps so nobody suspects a thing!Want to scare your co-workers or friends with intimidation? Bring your own bat to the show. Good equipment can give you a great advantage over casual players who use office hardbats or garage bats which have undergone years of torment at gatherings. A good grippy rubber and blade can make just the quality difference you need to make your serves untouchable and your shots spinnier and more powerful. They won't stand a chance!No time for standing around, the others might be reading this too! Get started on the journey to lording over your boss on the ping pong table or at hustling your friends for the next Burger King combo! Good luck!! :)
The fourth of July is nearly upon us! So in preparation I bring you my collection of fireless ideas for entertaining kids and adults alike on this holiday! At the end will be links to the 2013-2016. If you celebrate with fireworks or without, some of these may help you out! pass the time and have fun, and if you celebrate with fireworks, please do it responsibly, keep a hose handy, a bucket of water to quench the deads, and common sense.
Well here is this years list!
500 drones with lights?? Substitute for skyblooms?
Here are a bunch(15) of things to try out!
http://lemonlimeadventures.com/15-science-experiments-pop-fizz-crackle/ http://lemonlimeadventures.com/15-science-experiments-pop-fizz-crackle/
5 minute cheap and mostly color related science experiments safe for kids and adults (bunches of ideas here!!!)
I think there has been basically this idea in every one of my Fireless Fourth, posts since 2011 or so, but each year i find slightly better versions, painted firework blooms
Stained glass picture frames, (make still life window fireworks)
Easy Starburst Wall Art.
Hotdog firecrackers.
http://www.popsugar.com/food/Firecracker-Hot-Dog-Recipe-37777925
Crackling Goop!
http://www.growingajeweledrose.com/2013/06/pop-rock-goop.html
Blacklight Fun!
http://www.growingajeweledrose.com/2013/09/glowing-oil-water-experiment.htmlhttp://www.lilmoocreations.com/science-for-kids-overnight-crystal-garden/
Here is a simple toy, to amuse, says toddlers, i'm pretty sure i know enough adults who would play too….
http://frugalfun4boys.com/2013/07/03/preschool-play-with-magnets-and-pipe-cleaners/
Overnight crystal garden. Red White and Blue!
http://www.lilmoocreations.com/science-for-kids-overnight-crystal-garden/
Not sky blooms, but it gives you the option to make colorful blooms!
Exploding Sidewalk chalk!
http://www.growingajeweledrose.com/2013/05/play-recipe-sidewalk-chalk.html
Rainbow bubble snake maker!
Train your kids to be ninja superheros.
http://www.brassyapple.com/2013/05/diy-laser-maze-kids-activity.html
A quick selection of fireless amusements from Steve Spangler
So simple a photo can explain it.
http://media-cache-ec0.pinimg.com/736x/ba/b8/d3/bab8d3047e33cb17bc8e9900b86ec709.jpg
Another single photo idea (well it's a composite, but who's counting?!?)
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/5d/df/1d/5ddf1d1a4c27fea9fdbc13f29ed86716.jpg
Quelab past fireless fourth links.
2016
2015
2014
2013
All links and ideas are rights of the perspective creators, i just collected most of these not responsible for misuse or damage or danger caused by any of these.
Palestinian children protest in solidarity with a 14-year-old girl detained by Israel earlier this year. Ahmad Al-Bazz ActiveStills
Amer Bajawi, 14, has been sitting in an Israeli military prison for nearly two months waiting for his trial.
At 10:00 pm on 23 May, Amer was hiding in an olive tree with his friend on the edge of Yabad, his home village in the occupied West Bank, when they were spotted and shouted down by Israeli soldiers. The two teens were immediately cuffed and blindfolded on suspicion of throwing stones at cars driven by Israeli settlers returning home to a nearby Jewish-only settlement, according to an affidavit taken on 1 June by Defense for Children International – Palestine (DCI-Palestine).
During the first six hours of detention and interrogation, Amer was denied use of a toilet. With his wrists cuffed, he was made to sit on the floor of a military jeep while being shuffled to three different detention centers.
Finally, he was placed in the juvenile section of Megiddo prison, located inside present-day Israel.
Amer will remain at Megiddo until his hearing on 28 July. He has already confessed to throwing stones.
If convicted — a strong possibility — he faces up to 10 years behind bars.
The military court system handling Amer's case has undergone reforms in recent years. But the reforms have been so piecemeal that they are unlikely to bring him any respite.
Abuse “institutionalized”
They were introduced after the United Nations fund for children UNICEF released a report in 2013 asserting that Israel is the only country that tries juveniles in military courts that “by definition, fall short of providing the necessary guarantees to ensure respect for their rights.”
The report also concludes that abuse of children in the military detention system is “widespread, systematic and institutionalized.”
The condemnation from the world's guardian of children's rights prompted the Israeli government to pledge cooperation with UNICEF to implement reforms immediately.
Less than a month after the UNICEF report was published, the length of time a child could be detained without appearing before a judge was reduced from four days to between 24 and 48 hours, depending on the age of the youth. Within two years, 10 new military orders and rules had been introduced to supposedly safeguard the rights of child prisoners.
The reforms came amid concerns expressed by the Israeli military about the harm the UNICEF report might inflict on the public image of its occupation of the West Bank.
Following freedom of information request, the Association for Civil Rights in Israel obtained a “debriefing paper” for soldiers in late 2014. The paper notes that reports on the military's treatment of minors in the West Bank “may inflict real harm on the legitimacy of Israel and its actions in the area.”
But Gerard Horton, a lawyer with Military Court Watch, a group that monitors the occupation regime's treatment of children, told The Electronic Intifada that “Genuine [in intent] or not, the reforms appear to have been largely ineffectual at stemming the abuse.”
In February this year, UNICEF reviewed the reforms' implementation and found that the level of improvement was small. And in April, Military Court Watch released its own assessment of the reforms, concluding that the progress made was even less significant.
DCI-Palestine, meanwhile, has observed no improvement in the treatment of children.
A new report by Human Rights Watch documents how soldiers routinely violate Israel's own laws meant to protect children. The report also notes that Israel's laws remain insufficient to fully safeguard the rights of children in custody.
Never informed of rights
Among the supposed reforms were a cessation of night arrests, only exceptional use of blindfolds and a notification provided to parents with information about rights and procedures.
Furthermore, interrogations are supposed to be recorded. But “security” offenses, such as throwing stones, are exempt from that requirement.
According to DCI-Palestine, Amer Bajawi was never informed of his rights, was denied access to a lawyer and his parents did not find out where their son was until the next day.
Human rights observers have long pointed out that the Israeli military regime that has governed Palestinians in the West Bank since 1967 inflicts some of its most egregious abuses on children.
Palestinian children are routinely subjected to night arrests, interrogation without the presence of a parent or legal counsel, strip searches and physical abuse.
In June, Ban Ki-moon, the UN secretary-general, released his annual report on children and armed conflict. It states that on average, 188 Palestinian children between the ages of 14 and 17 are held each month in Israeli military detention — a number which constitutes one of the highest of any of the countries profiled.
The report also recorded that children were “subjected to ill-treatment, such as beatings, being hit with sticks, being blindfolded.”
Earlier this year, the Israeli Civil Administration — the army body that runs the West Bank occupation — issued an order that ostensibly provides for the application of the civilian penal code to Palestinians.
Jewish Israelis living in settlements in the West Bank have always been ruled by Israeli civil law.
“When it comes to Palestinians, they have fewer rights and they can be interrogated at night; this process is different from the Israeli settlers' civil system,” Bashar Jamal from DCI-Palestine told The Electronic Intifada.
While the code was meant to go into effect on 1 June, Palestinians — who, in theory, would be most affected by it — still know very little about it. The code has yet to be translated into Arabic and it remains unclear what precise changes it will bring.
The treatment of Amer Bajawi illustrates why Palestinians are right to be wary of Israeli reforms.
Charlotte Silver is a journalist based in San Francisco. Twitter: @CharESilver
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/GettingCrapPastTheRadar
When you see it... Give up? Look between the lower two leaves.
Yakko Warner, Animaniacs "The stuff they're gettin' away with on kids' shows these days..."
Advertisement:
Getting Crap Past the Radar refers to instances in which a writer, artist or other creator sneaks inappropriate content  stuff that would be shocking not only to the Media Watchdogs and Moral Guardians, but to everyone else  into their material, either by hiding it as a kind of Easter Egg or by using implication or allusion rather than stating it straight out.
Often, what makes it shocking is not the specific content, but that it is out of keeping with its context. Most examples are found in materials aimed at children or shows alleging to be family-friendly. The way these examples are used in such media directed towards children of family is mostly through disguising the inappropriate material as something more appropriate so it could visibly slip through the eyes of sensitive viewers. And there are times when creators will do this even when they don't have to, simply because it's funnier than being blatantly vulgar.
Advertisement:
Compare Parental Bonus, which is when a reference to something only adults get is included. Contrast with Defying the Censors, in which the creators actually fight to have their controversial work be shown to the masses. See also Crosses the Line Twice (which is often the end result of excessive Getting Crap Past The Radar or slipping by blatantly inappropriate content). See also Censor Decoy.
Important note for editors: To qualify for this trope, content must meet three criteria:
There must be a Radar : It must be in a medium and format where Media Watchdogs exist and actively censor content. Self-censorship does not count.
: It must be in a medium and format where Media Watchdogs exist and actively censor content. Self-censorship does not count. There must be Crap : It must be something that a reasonable person would expect to be censored by said Media Watchdogs. Parental Bonus and Homoerotic Subtext do not count.
: It must be something that a reasonable person would expect to be censored by said Media Watchdogs. Parental Bonus and Homoerotic Subtext do not count. The Crap must get past the Radar: The inclusion of the content must be intentional, and the creators of the work must be aware that it ought to be censored. There should be a deliberate effort to slip it past the Media Watchdogs. Accidental Innuendo does not count. If the works actually lampshade the material in media itself then it also does not count. If a bad word is being clearly said, it's likely the censors knew what was being said, but decided it was acceptable, therefore it doesn't count (unless the word's meaning is extremely obscure).
Advertisement:
Examples Subpages:
Other Examples:
open/close all folders
Arts
When Swedish sculptor Carl Milles tried to make a statue of Poseidon for the town of Goteborg, he was prevented from making it anatomically correct. He got around this issue by cleverly placing the fish in Poseidon's hand, so that when you look at it from the right angle... ◊
There is a theory that paintings of Saint Sebastian being pierced by arrows are so numerous because they gave the artist an opportunity to draw his pretty male model with something elongated (and often marked with the artist's name) in his body.
being pierced by arrows are so numerous because they gave the artist an opportunity to draw his pretty male model with something elongated (and often marked with the artist's name) in his body. At first glance, American artist Georgia O'Keeffe specialised in loving depictions of flowers in bloom, especially orchids. Look more closely.
Mythology and Religion
Older Than Feudalism: The Bible has various examples: The Revelation to John is considered by many scholars to hold an underlying message of "Romans go home." Since it was to be read by a Roman audience, it had to get past Rome's censors, so it couched its accusations in crazy imagery. For instance, the Beast was said to have 7 heads, and a later passage said "The seven heads are seven hills" (referring most likely to the seven hills of Rome). The entire Song of Songs is a poem about a young couple meeting and deciding to hook up. And, yes, it's in The Bible.
Pre-printing press Monks were notorious for placing sexual, scatological or downright strange imagery in the margins of illuminated manuscripts.
In some Medieval and Renaissance period religious works, Satan and various incubi are drawn with large noses as a metaphor for being well-endowed. note Unfortunate Implications applied later when the large nose thing was interpreted to mean the demons were Jewish
Pinball
Williams Electronics' Scared Stiff: The backglass has a flashlight that's turned on, even though there are a pair of batteries next to it. This was intended to be a reference to another battery-operated toy Elvira is using... The remote control on the playfield reads "Elvira's Control", with buttons for On/Off and Hot/Cold... Averted with the side of the cabinet, which shows a clawed-out sticker reading "RRR". It was originally meant to be a decal reading "Rated RRR - Real Raunchy and Ribbed for your Pleasure", but management nixed it for being too explicit.
The Palace tower in Hurricane has windows showing several large-busted women flashing themselves at the crowd below, as well as someone moons
Print Media
Tabletop Games
Sports
The naming of racehorses is governed by Jockey Club Registry Section 6:E(x) note Names that are suggestive or have a vulgar or obscene meaning; names considered in poor taste; or names that may be offensive to religious, political or ethnic groups. which, among other things, prohibits anything that could be thought of as lewd, licentious, or bawdy. One owner with a sense of humour named his contender Four Quenelles, arguing that a quennelle is a shaped fried delicacy found in French cuisine. Now imagine a typical televised horse race with a commentator like John O'Sullivan firing off the names of the horses, quickly, as they jockey for position on the final straight. And then imagine what Four Quenelles might sound like if spoken very quickly (Irish accent optional) with no gap between the two words. Other examples from around the world include racehorses called: Artisan Fire Hard Dawn Peony's Envy Norfolk And Chance Muff Diver and Golden Showers weren't even trying to hide anything, but were allowed in Australia. The Jockey Club did, however, refuse to register the names Cunning Stunt and Hoof Hearted.
which, among other things, prohibits anything that could be thought of as lewd, licentious, or bawdy. One owner with a sense of humour named his contender Four Quenelles, arguing that a quennelle is a shaped fried delicacy found in French cuisine. Now imagine a typical televised horse race with a commentator like John O'Sullivan firing off the names of the horses, quickly, as they jockey for position on the final straight. And then imagine what Four Quenelles might sound like if spoken very quickly (Irish accent optional) with no gap between the two words. Other examples from around the world include racehorses called: As noted elsewhere, a racehorse named Liquor In Excess's name was vetoed due to the possible double entendre ("lick her in excess"), so the owner changed the horse's name to Censored.
Toys
Web Animation
Webcomics
Web Original
Other
The man who was captured on camera in Abbotsford last year in a racially-charged video has been handed a two month conditional sentence with one year of probation.
Karry Corbett gets 2 months conditional sentence, 1 yr probation for racial tirade in Abbotsford that was caught on tape @GlobalBC — Grace Ke (@GraceKeGlobal) October 31, 2017
Karry Corbett was filmed by an Abbotsford lawyer last October getting into an argument with a parking enforcement officer.
Outside of court today, Corbett said he was having a bad day when this incident occurred.
READ MORE: Racist altercation over parking spot recorded in Abbotsford
Lawyer Ravi Duhra said he began filming when he became concerned about Cobertt's behaviour towards the officer, but that's when Cobertt's attention turned to Duhra.
WATCH: Abbotsford racist rant over parking spot goes viral
In the video, Corbett is filmed throwing a litany of racist slurs at Duhra, calling him a “P*ki” and a “camel-riding motherf*****.”
He goes back to his truck and yells, “White power motherf*****” while beating on his chest.
In September, Corbett pleaded guilty to assault.
LISTEN: Steele & Drex chat with criminal lawyer Paul Doroshenko about the incident
-With files from Matt Lee, CKNW
A 69-year-old Yorkville woman and her husband are defending her actions after a Tribune photo showed her giving a Nazi salute during an altercation with protesters outside UIC Pavilion Friday night following the ill-fated Donald Trump rally.
The photo of Trump supporter Birgitt Peterson went viral on social media this weekend, causing some to wonder about her motivation for making the gesture.
Peterson, who said she emigrated from West Berlin and has been a U.S. citizen since 1982, said the salute came during an argument with protesters and was simply her response to them giving her the Nazi gesture.
Her husband, Donald, insisted: "We're not skinheads, we're not Nazis."
Warning: Graphic language. Raw video outside the UIC Pavilon after Donald Trump's rally was canceled. March 11, 2016 (Brian Nguyen / Chicago Tribune) Warning: Graphic language. Raw video outside the UIC Pavilon after Donald Trump's rally was canceled. March 11, 2016 (Brian Nguyen / Chicago Tribune) SEE MORE VIDEOS
Birgitt Peterson said she and her husband had left the UIC Pavilion after the rally was canceled because of security concerns. "I came out and lit a cigarette and all of a sudden, I was surrounded,'' she told the Tribune on Saturday.
She was wearing a Trump T-shirt, and a group of about 20 protesters began speaking to them, she said.
"The one lady, she said: 'Hey, white supremacist,'" Peterson said.
A woman grabbed the orange lanyard Peterson had around her neck that identified her as a member of the Illinois delegation to a past Republican convention, and then the woman let it go, she said.
Peterson said she told them: "Girlfriend, don't do this. If you want to talk, you have the right to be here to protest. I have the right to be here."
A protester told Peterson that she wanted the woman to "stay safe'' and urged Peterson and her husband to leave, she said. But they were cursing at them also, her husband added.
A young woman who had a shirt comparing Trump to Hitler accused the couple of voting for the Ku Klux Klan, Birgitt Peterson said, quoting the woman as saying, "Hitler is Donald Trump ... This is what you are. Why did you vote for this man?"
It really makes her mad that they compare somebody (like Trump) to Hitler without knowing history. That is an insult to anybody who lived through it. — Donald Peterson
Peterson said she responded: "You should know that I haven't voted for anybody because the primary is not until Tuesday."
She said the protesters told her, "You are here to vote for Hitler," and they started giving a Nazi salute.
Peterson said she told the protesters she was German and asked them if they knew what the salute meant.
"So Birgitt decided to teach them to do it,'' said Donald Peterson, who insisted they were "not Nazis'' and absolutely not supporters or "saluting'' Adolf Hitler.
"I lifted my arms," she said, adding that in German she said, "Hail to the German Reich."
A protester who was photographed with Peterson, Michael Joseph Garza, told the Tribune on Saturday he did not believe Peterson was responding to anyone else when she raised her arm in the salute.
"I went up to her and said, 'Ma'am, please leave, we have understood you, we have made a (path),'" Garza recalled. "She said, 'Go? Back in my day, this is what we did,' basically, and then she hailed Hitler."
Jason Wambsgans, the Tribune photographer who took the picture, said he had more than a dozen photos of Peterson giving the Nazi salute but did not see any protesters doing the gesture and has no photos showing that.
Donald Peterson said having grown up in postwar Germany, his wife knows the emotional impact of Hitler's reign.
"It really makes her mad that they compare somebody (like Trump) to Hitler without knowing history," he said. "That is an insult to anybody who lived through it."
rsobol@tribpub.com
Gpratt@tribpub.com
The hacker collective “Ukrainian Cyber Forces” released a trove of documents from servers of the Russian Interior Ministry in December 2014, revealing a document that disclosed details of a Russian military attack on Ukrainian border guards. Among the 36GB of files (1.7gb cache here), the vast majority are completely unrelated to Ukraine—bureaucratic paperwork, criminal cases, border inspections, and so on. However, buried underneath endless minutiae is Донесение Тарасовский 26.08.2014 2.doc.
This report was written to A.P. Larionov, an official of the Russian Interior Ministry in the Rostov oblast' from I.I. Trofimenko, an official of the Russian Interior ministry of the Tarasovsky district. The report is a police account written on August 26 describing the circumstances of a battle that took place on August 25 between Russian soldiers and the Ukrainian National Guard. Four of these Russian soldiers were injured in the fight and were evacuated to a Rostov garrison hospital. The key section of the account is as follows (translation from original Russian):
On August 25, 2014 around 3:50pm, M.V. Polstyankin, O.Yu. Volgin, Yu.A. Alekseev, and A.A. Gerasimenko, serving in contracted Unit 51182 of the Millerovo locality, suffered injuries in the performance of official duties during a clash with the forces of the National Guard of Ukraine 10km north-west of the small village of Prognoi of the Tarasovsky region. At 6:52pm on August 25, 2014, the wounded were evacuated to the Rostov garrison hospital via a Mi-8 helicopter of the Russian armed forces.
Using open source investigation, we can find various pieces of information that confirm that this leaked account did indeed occur. On August 26, the day after the events described in the above leaked document, the spokesperson of the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council gave a briefing that details an attack on Ukrainian border guards. This attack took place in the area of Krasnaya Talovka, resulting in the death of four border guards and three injuries.
On August 25 in the area of “Krasnaya Talovka” of the Luhansk oblast, a sabotage and reconnaissance group which crossed the border from Russia was detected. At 3:00pm, a well-disguised border detail used automatic weapons to stop the advance of the saboteurs. Additional operational combat groups of border guards arrived at the battle as reinforcements. The fierce battle with Russian mercenaries lasted for two-and-a-half hours. The diversionary group was supported with fire from mortars, two APCs, and two IFVs from the Russian Federation. Additionally, Ukrainian border guards were fired upon by unguided rockets from two Mi-24 combat helicopters of the Russian armed forces. During the battle, four border guards died and three were wounded. Thanks to the actions of the heroes, a breakthrough across the border did not occur. The enemy suffered significant losses. The wounded and killed saboteurs were evacuated from the battlefield in Russia with an IFV under the cover of fire from APCs and helicopters.
There are numerous details in the two accounts that align, leading us to believe that the Ukrainian and Russian accounts are described the same event.
Both events occurred at August 25. According to the Russian account, four soldiers were injured “around 3:50pm,” while the Ukrainian account details how the two sides engaged at 3:00pm.
The Ukrainian details how account says that the border guards stopped a “sabotage and reconnaissance group” coming from Russia. The Russian account details how four Russians were injured “in the performance of official duties” while clashing with forces from the Ukrainian National Guard.
Both accounts describe how a helicopter entered the battlefield at the end of the fight. The Russian account goes into more detail, describing how the four wounded soldiers were evacuated with a Mi-8 helicopter.
The Ukrainian account describes how the fight took place near Krasnaya Talovka, while the Russian account says that the clash happened “10km north-west of the small village of Prognoi.” Krasnaya Talovka is almost exactly 10km north-northwest of Prognoy.
All of the press releases and leaked documents pale in comparison with the human stories of this fight, which are painfully real, despite any doubts that many cast on the veracity of the leaked documents. This human suffering exists for both Russian and Ukrainian families. As described in the leaked Russian document, the young Russian paratrooper Mikhail Polstyankin, who was serving in military unit 51182 in Millerovo, died in the fight with Ukrainian border guards. The Gruz200 blog (not to be confused with similar efforts that share the name) presented four posts from social media, including Facebook and VK, documenting the death of Mikhail Polstyankin. Two people from his hometown posted regarding the death of the soldier on August 28, three days after the firefight on the border, and a third person posted a message [archived] celebrating the “Eternal memory of Misha Polstynkin—The young Russian warrior who was for the Russian language and Rus'!!!”
There are also remarkable stories within these leaked documents regarding Ukrainian soldiers, with one standing out. In one document, a report describes how a Ukrainian lieutenant named Eduard Masko was injured on July 16, 2014 while fighting separatist soldiers. As we find in an article on Faktu.ua, Lt. Masko was indeed wounded while fighting on July 16 (further bolstering the legitimacy of these leaked documents) after separatist forces attack a block post near Marinovka, Ukraine. Masko was badly burned and could not walk on either of his legs, as one was broken and the other burned. Eventually after being dragged to a nearby safe area, an ambulance took Masko to a hospital—in Russia. However, as we learn in an interview with the injured soldier, the doctors and nurses at this hospital saved his life by amputating his injured leg. Unfortunately, Masko's comrade who was also injured in the attack died in this hospital—the Russian doctors and nurses cried after he died. Soon after, Masko returned to Kyiv to receive additional treatment. He is now alive and well—perhaps even better than before. His newborn son Kostya was born shortly after he received near deadly injuries, and Masko was able to travel to America to receive superior treatment for his burns.
While leaked documents cannot always be trusted at face value, they can also be valuable in providing extra validation of some events. Leaked documents or not, there was a border clash on August 25, and Eduard Masko was hurt on July 16 and treated in a Rostov hospital. However, by following the leads provided in these leaked documents, the narratives can gain many dimensions with open source information, including both the tragedy of Russian soldier's death after attacking a Ukrainian checkpoint and the joy in the kindness of ordinary Russians in saving a Ukrainian soldier's life.
See this post from the Global Voices Online special project “RuNet Echo” for this story in its original form, along with a profile of the hacker collective who leaked the documents.
0 WSB's Mark Arum delivers tribute to Phife Dawg in traffic report
Malik Taylor, better known as A Tribe Called Quest's Phife Dawg, died Wednesday at the age of 45, Rolling Stone reported.
An official statement has yet to be released. © 2019 Cox Media Group.
Taylor's cause of death is unclear, but the New York native had health issues in the past. He underwent a kidney transplant in 2008 during a longstanding battle with diabetes.
"It's really a sickness," Taylor said in a 2011 documentary. "Like straight-up drugs. I'm just addicted to sugar."
He also rapped about his condition in his music.
"Mr. energetic, who me sound pathetic, when's the last time you heard a funky diabetic?" he rhymed on the 1994 hit "Oh My God" featuring Busta Rhymes.
Read more here.
The rapper's death has made a ripple effect throughout the industry.
“(A) Tribe Called Quest was one of the greatest groups of all time. You really have to give him respect for that,” said Atlanta radio host Art Terrell.
Taylor called Atlanta home for more than a decade and became part of the community here.
“Of course he was going through the issues with diabetes and his kidneys. He went through all of those issues in Atlanta, so Atlanta was kind of like a second home to Phife Dawg,” Terrell said.
Channel 2's Mark Arum paid tribute to Phife Dawg Wednesday morning in his traffic report. It quickly became a viral sensation - shared tens of thousands of times on Facebook and written about in sites like Buzzfeed.
A (Traffic) Tribe Called Quest Can he kick it? Yes he can. And THAT'S what we call a tribute! Mark Arum WSB dropped A Tribe Called Quest lyrics in his traffic reports to honor Phife Dawg, who passed away this morning. http://2wsb.tv/1UN0kPr Posted by WSB-TV on Wednesday, March 23, 2016
Mark Arum loves to slip cultural references into his traffic reports. Here are some others.
Watch your back Drake! Posted by Mark Arum WSB on Tuesday, February 10, 2015
Friday fun. Listen Linda! Posted by Mark Arum WSB on Friday, March 14, 2014
Biggie I love it when you call me Big Papa... Posted by Mark Arum WSB on Wednesday, September 30, 2015
Thursday morning, Arum spoke with Channel 2's Fred Blankenship about the tribute and how he came up with the idea.
He's not the first Channel 2 anchor to pay tribute to a famous entertainer after their death. Back in 2014, Channel 2's Zach Klein used his sportscast to honor the late Robin Williams.
Listen to more from A Tribe Called Quest on this Spotify list:
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
Disputes over the South China Sea often provoke feelings of déjà-vu. That was especially the case this week, when Vietnam accused a Chinese ship of deliberately cutting exploration cables that were being towed by a seismic survey vessel working for PetroVietnam, the state-run oil and gas group. Vietnam says the June 9 incident occurred within the 200-mile continental shelf, in which it possesses economic rights under the 1982 U.N. Convention on the Law of the Sea.
China responded that Vietnam had provoked the encounter with Chinese fishing boats, which were working in waters where they had operated “for generations,” according to a written statement by Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei. Vietnamese ships were chasing away the Chinese fishing boats when one became tangled with the array towed by the PetroVietnam survey vessel, Hong said. He accused the Vietnamese of endangering the lives of the Chinese fishermen, and said that Vietnam's oil and gas exploration “grossly infringed” on China's sovereignty.
If this scuffle sounds familiar, it's for good reason.The Vietnamese government says that on May 26 a Chinese surveillance vessel cut the survey cables of another Vietnamese survey ship. Vietnam's defense minister complained about that incident during the Shangri-La security summit in Singapore last weekend. Anti-Chinese protests were held in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, and in recent days several Vietnamese and Chinese websites have been reported hacked and defaced with nationalist messages.
Vietnam and China have fought multiple skirmishes for control of South China Sea. In 1974 China forced Vietnam from the Paracels in the northern part of the sea. And in 1988 the two sides fought over the southerly Spratlys, control of which remains divided between multiple claimants. Brunei, China, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam all claim at least some part of the South China Sea. The region is rich in oil and gas deposits and also a thoroughfare for a significant portion of the world's ship-borne trade.
Tensions between China and the Philippines have also heightened in recent weeks over disputed South China Sea claims. The Philippines has recently complained about Chinese naval ships in disputed waters and sent military aircraft to an area known as Reed Bank in March after Chinese vessels harassed a Philippines survey ship. On Thursday Liu Jianchao, the Chinese ambassador to the Philippines, warned countries in the region to stop searching for undersea resources “in these areas where China has its claims,” and denied any harassment of Philippine ships. He said that Chinese activities in the area were “part of our exercise of jurisdiction,” the Associated Press reported.
In 2002 the rival claimants agreed to resolve their disputes over the South China Sea peacefully. But little progress had been made since then. Last year Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the U.S. would help mediate talks. That angered China, which wants to keep any discussions limited to the rival claimants. But Clinton's comments may have emboldened some states, particularly Vietnam, to stand up to China. During the Shangri-La summit outgoing U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates expressed concern about rising tension in the South China Se, and that without further agreements among regional claimants disputes were likely to continue. “I feel that without rules of the road and without agreed approaches to dealing with these problems there will be clashes,” Gates said.
shadow
Quando era venuto in Italia a ottobre, il numero 1 di Apple Tim Cook (qui la sua intervista al Corriere) aveva lodato l'Italia, «un Paese che ha dimostrato come l'eccellenza significhi fare meglio e non necessariamente produrre di più». Forse anche per questo Apple ha annunciato il primo investimento nel nostro Paese che esula dalla propria filiale milanese e dalle rete commerciale: l'azienda di Cupertino farà nascere il Centro di Sviluppo App iOS d'Europa.
Che cosa farà questo centro? Sosterrà gli insegnanti e fornirà un indirizzo specialistico preparando i futuri sviluppatori a far parte della comunità di sviluppatori Apple. Sarà situato in un istituto partner a Napoli: la scelta della città sembra tutt'altro che casuale, vista l'attenzione con cui Apple pondera ogni decisione. La mossa arriva dopo quella su un altro tema caldo, quello fiscale, con la chiusura di un accordo con l'Agenzia delle entrate da 318 milioni di euro.
Renzi: 600 posti di lavoro Dell'annuncio ha parlato anche il presidente del Consiglio Matteo Renzi: «Apple ha comunicato da Cupertino che aprirà a Napoli una bella realtà di innovazione con circa 600 persone, una sperimentazione veramente intrigante. È ufficiale e domani Tim Cook sarà qua». L'amministratore delegato dell'azienda di Cupertino incontrerà dunque ancora Renzi: si erano visti a pranzo dopo l'incontro pubblico di Cook in Bocconi, lo scorso ottobre.
Seconda al mondo La struttura di Napoli sarà la prima di questo tipo in Europa, la seconda al mondo: ne risulta un'altra già aperta in Brasile, anche se non è nota la località. Una terza è già prevista in Indonesia, ma il programma, dice Apple, «sarà poi esteso ad altri Paesi in tutto il mondo». Nel comunicato, la Mela afferma inoltre che la struttura lavorerà con partner in tutta Italia che forniscono formazione per sviluppatori, con l'obiettivo di completare questo curriculum e creare ulteriori opportunità per gli studenti.
Con la progressiva trasformazione in commodity dei dispositivi fisici, il tema del software e dell'ecosistema delle app diventa sempre più strategico ed Apple si muove in questa direzione, come per altro fanno (con altre iniziative) anche concorrenti come Google, Microsoft, Samsung. Nel solo periodo di Natale, gli utenti hanno speso 1,009 miliardi di euro in app per i dispositivi della Mela morsicata: un nuovo record, che ha avuto il giorno top a Capodanno, con 132 milioni. Secondo l'azienda, dal 2008 gli sviluppatori hanno guadagnato complessivamente oltre 36 miliardi grazie all'App Store.
Tim Cook: «Sviluppatori più creativi del mondo» «L'Europa è la patria di alcuni degli sviluppatori più creativi al mondo e siamo entusiasti di aiutare la prossima generazione di imprenditori in Italia ad acquisire le competenze necessarie per avere successo» ha affermato Tim Cook, amministratore delegato di Apple annunciando l'iniziativa italiana. «Il fenomenale successo dell'App Store è una delle forze trainanti dietro gli oltre 1,4 milioni di posti di lavoro che Apple ha creato in Europa e presenta opportunità illimitate per le persone di tutte le età e aziende di ogni dimensione in tutto il continente» ha aggiunto Cook. Proprio di app e opportunità ad esse legate Cook aveva parlato diffusamente nel suo intervento all'università Bocconi e nell'intervista al Corriere della Sera. Secondo una ricerca, in Italia oltre 75.000 posti di lavoro sono attribuibili all'App Store. In Europa 1,46 milioni posti di lavoro sono stati creati direttamente da Apple o solo legati all'indotto nel suo complesso (hardware, software, fornitori, ricerca, catena produttiva e distribuitiva). Tra le app italiane gli esempi di successo non mancano e la stessa Apple più volte nella homepage del suo App Store ha messo in evidenza proprio quelle «made in Italy».
Ebola fears after Donegal death BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Medics suspect a man found dead in Ireland was infected with the deadly Ebola virus while working in Africa, the country's health authority has said. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/ebola-fears-after-donegal-death-30526906.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article30526905.ece/ebc6b/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-aa86920b-a810-4f0c-890f-4b3b2d8b3e95_I1.jpg
Email
Medics suspect a man found dead in Ireland was infected with the deadly Ebola virus while working in Africa, the country's health authority has said.
It is believed the suspected victim, who locals named as Dessie Quinn, from the Doorin area, outside Mountcharles, Co Donegal, was a father of one aged 43.
He is thought to have been living with his partner in Dublin but was visiting his large family in Co Donegal when he was taken ill.
Neighbours said the man may have been getting treatment for suspected malaria after returing from Sierra Leone when he died. However, it is not thought he was an inpatient at any medical facility.
One source believed he was working for a telecommunications company in the west African country and had returned to Ireland within the last few weeks.
The Health Service Executive (HSE) would only say the remains of a person who recently returned from an area of Africa hit by the outbreak were found in Co Donegal this morning.
"Until a diagnosis is confirmed, and as a precautionary measure, the individual's remains will stay in the mortuary pending the laboratory results which are expected late tomorrow," said a HSE spokesman.
One local man who knew the suspected victim said he was talking to him last week at a festival.
"I met him at the festival in Mountcharles last Friday," he said.
"He was just home and as far as I know he was in Donegal since he came back from Sierra Leone. He could have been back two weeks or three weeks, I'm not sure."
The man added: "Everyone knew him. He was great company to be along with, he was a very nice fella."
Health chiefs have stressed that the risk of transmission of any disease is considered to be "extremely low" but precautionary measures have been put in place.
Dr Darina O'Flanagan, head of the HSE Health Protection Surveillance Centre, said a person would have to be in very close personal contact with an infected individual or their body fluids for there to be any risk.
"We await the outcome of the laboratory tests before we will know whether or not this individual had contracted Ebola virus disease," she said.
"The appropriate public health guidelines are being followed at every stage in this process as a precaution."
The HSE has refused to give any more details about the case.
Donegal Mayor John Campbell said the county was shocked but urged people not to panic.
"It is unconfirmed that it is Ebola at this stage and even if it was confirmed the chances of it being passed on to anyone else are very small so people shouldn't panic," he said.
"It's a big shock in the area. I know the family well and our thoughts are with them."
The suspected victim's body has been transferred to Letterkenny General Hospital.
Donegal TD (MP) Thomas Pringle urged people in the county not to worry until health chiefs carry out their tests.
"This is a sudden tragic death and because this man worked in Africa the HSE have to take precautions," he said.
"I think we should wait until the cause of death is confirmed.
"Given the media attention about Ebola over the last while it is important that people do not panic or worry about it until we hear from the HSE."
A California Highway Patrol officer handcuffed and detained a Chula Vista firefighter for refusing to move his engine out of traffic at a crash scene Tuesday night, prompting a nationwide storm of online commentaries on Wednesday.
The firefighter had parked the engine behind an ambulance in the fast lane of Interstate 805 near East Naples Drive, where a sedan had flipped over a concrete guard rail and two people were reported injured.
Chula Vista Fire Chief Dave Hanneman said fire crews are trained to position their rigs to block oncoming traffic.
“I know clearing the freeway is a priority for the CHP,” Hanneman said. “Our No. 1 priority is the safety of our firefighters and patients.”
Chula Vista Fire Department Fire Engineer Jacob Gregoire. Photo courtesy City of Chula Vista Fire Department Fire Engineer Jacob Gregoire. Photo courtesy City of Chula Vista
The CHP officer, whose name has not been released, told firefighter/engineer Jacob Gregoire to move the engine out of the traffic lane or he would be arrested, Hanneman said. He said Gregoire, who was checking the overturned car for any additional victims, answered that he'd have to check with his captain.
That's when the officer detained Gregoire, a 12 ½-year fire service veteran, Hanneman said.
A CBS8 news video shows the firefighter jumping over a low concrete freeway divider, putting his hands behind his back and being cuffed. The CHP officer led him to a patrol car, put him in the back seat and detained him there for several minutes. He was not arrested.
Supervisors from both agencies met at the crash site and Gregoire was released, Hanneman said.
“The CHP is going to investigate,” Hanneman said. “I think a lot of this had to do with communication.”
One of the two people in the crashed car was taken to a hospital. The CHP website said the crash occurred about 9:20 p.m. and lanes were cleared in about an hour.
Hanneman and San Diego Fire Chief Javier Mainard met with CHP Lt. Karyn Mentink and other officials at Chula Vista fire headquarters Wednesday morning to discuss the incident.
“We talked about not wanting this to occur again,”Hanneman said. “We talked about joint training and education.”
The CHP and Chula Vista fire issued a joint statement later, calling it an “unfortunate incident” and “not representative of the manner in which our agencies normally work together.”
Hanneman said Gregoire “did exactly what he was trained to do. He feels he made the right decision and I support him.”
Fire officials around the county agreed Wednesday that they've never heard of a local firefighter being detained or arrested for refusing to move a fire rig.
It has happened around the nation occasionally, including in 2008 in Hazelwood, Mo., where a jury awarded a firefighter $17,500 in damages for false arrest after he parked a fire truck to protect an emergency scene.
Thousands of people who viewed the Chula Vista video have online posted comments, many taking sides on whose actions were correct. Most tended to side with the firefighter, and some mocked the officer as having let his ego get in the way.
The incident raises the question of who controls an emergency scene along a freeway.
“In California, the Highway Patrol has overall authority on freeways and highways,” said San Diego Fire Deputy Chief Steve Ricci. “They are the incident commanders. However, we (fire personnel) were on scene first and the Chula Vista captain had assumed incident command at that point.
“As to a formalized transfer of command to the CHP — I don't believe that ever took place.”
A San Diego Fire-Rescue Department engine crew also went to the crash site. As the crew was getting out to help, a CHP officer said they weren't needed and should leave, Ricci said.
Ricci said the engine captain got out anyway and conferred with the Chula Vista fire incident commander before leaving. Ricci said his captain was not threatened with arrest for failing to move immediately.
Without any bust to worry about, why would one contemplate Keynesian-style spending policies, pumping public cash into the economy during a downturn in order to reduce the pain? In an age of inflation-targeting, the Bank of England was supposed to control the economy by adjusting interest rates both to control inflation and growth. Governments on the other hand, bound themselves up with tight rules on borrowing: hence Gordon Brown's two borrowing strictures - the golden rule and sustainable investment rule.
However, while these guidelines were fine in a time of financial and economic calm, they have been torn to pieces by the economic storm. The UK is facing its worst recession since the early 1990s. As Alistair Darling acknowledges, the economy is slowing, and this week we are highly likely to learn that it shrank for the first time in 16 years in the third quarter of the year. Unemployment is on the rise, and could conceivably climb towards 3 million. House prices are falling at the fastest rate on record and hundreds of thousands will soon find their homes repossessed.
The Bank of England will, of course, slash interest rates - perhaps down towards 2pc or so - but in these circumstances it is hardly clear that the banks will pass the cuts on to consumers in the form of lower mortgage rates. Neither will they reduce the size of the arrangement fees which now earn them a hefty profit. So the argument goes that it is up to the Government to spend more cash to support the economy.
Keynes's theories gained weight in the wake of the Great Depression, when governments worsened the economic crisis by allowing banks to fail and spending relatively little on economic measures to support households. The result was sky high inflation and a lasting scar in the collective consciousness. His prescription of high government spending in order to "prime the pump" seemed to do the trick.
A certain amount of priming right now will have to happen. The so-called "automatic stabilisers" built into the UK system make this inevitable. When a recession takes place, companies and individuals earn less and so pay less in tax. At the same time, the swelling ranks of the unemployed means more will have to be spent in the way of unemployment benefit. The combined effect is that the budget deficit will shoot up next year from around three per cent of Gross Domestic Product to over six per cent. This would happen without any explicit tax or spending changes being announced.
However there is a major difference between this borrowing increase and a concerted full-scale Keynesian assault - vastly higher spending on everything from public works to government departments. While such an avenue is open to the Government, it would be at a high and long-lasting cost. At six per cent of GDP, the budget deficit is already likely to be close to the level it was when the UK had to be bailed out by the IMF in 1976.
Times are different for a number of reasons today, but Darling cannot borrow much more without risking seriously debauching the pound. Sterling has already fallen dramatically over the past year. Although markets are concerned about the cost of the part-nationalisation of UK banks, at least this can be considered an investment rather than money poured into an inefficient state sector. A dramatic Keynes-style spending spree would, at this stage, send the pound reeling even lower, which would in turn push inflation higher and limit the Bank of England's ability to cut interest rates. Darling will have had all of this explained to him by Bank Governor Mervyn King in one of their many breakfast meetings. The reason the Bank's independence was so significant was that it was designed partly as a damage limitation measure for when Chancellors made foolish fiscal decisions.
The market has him in this uncomfortable headlock for a simple reason: Britain has overborrowed in the past decade. Both its consumers and the Government have fuelled the boom of recent years by living beyond their means. The message is that we must cut back and endure a few lean years. Borrowing and spending more today will only serve to build up inflation in future years. This was the lesson which Keynesians learnt to their cost, when the high-spending years of plenty were followed by the misery of the 1970s.
Almost no one would drink a decent cabernet from the bottle. Most wouldn't even pour it into a tumbler. In the popular imagination, wine deserves a proper glass.
But what about beer?
For too many people, beer is something to be consumed straight from the bottle or the can. For relatively bland, mass-produced lagers, this method may suffice. But modern craft beers have an aromatic complexity that rivals or even surpasses that of wine. When drinking from the bottle, much of that complexity is lost. A bottle of fine beer is just as deserving of a proper glass as that cabernet.
Proper glassware affects a beer in many ways, from enhancing the sensory experience to showcasing its eye-catching appearance. An open or closed shape expands or constricts release of aromatic essences. A handle keeps the hand's heat away from the beer, while a large bowl and a stem encourage cupping that gently warms it. An inward tapering top keeps the foam collected and dense, enhancing its aesthetic appeal.
Until recently, wine glass design has been well ahead of beer. Indeed, wine glasses make excellent vessels for tasting beer. Wine glassmakers such as the Austrian firm Riedel apply science and physics to craft glasses that perfectly display the characteristics of particular wine varietals. But now beer glassmakers are upping their game, using that same science in collaboration with brewers to make glassware appropriate to specific beer styles.
The trend started in 2007 with the Samuel Adams Perfect Pint Glass, a collaboration of Boston Beer Co. and the German glassmaker Rastal. Created to showcase the brewery's flagship Boston Lager, the glass has etching on the bottom that stimulates aroma-propelling bubbles, a feature that has become standard in high-tech beer glassware. The rounded shape collects aromas, and the inward tapered top funnels them to the drinker's nose. An outward turned lip delivers beer to the front of the tongue to highlight malty sweetness. This glass works well with a variety of lighter, malt-forward beers.
Riedel's subsidiary company Spiegelau has worked with different breweries on three collaborative beer glass designs. The first was made especially for India pale ale. That was followed by a glass for stouts and one for wheat beers.
For the IPA glass, Spiegelau designers worked with Dogfish Head and Sierra Nevada, two breweries well-known for hop-forward beers. The glass has a narrow, ribbed bottom that serves to aerate the beer, agitating hop aromatics out of it with each sip. Aromas are collected in the rounded middle portion of the glass. The tall, tapered upper glass acts, in the words of Dogfish Head owner Sam Calagione, like an “olfactory cannon,” concentrating and propelling the fragrance from the glass to your nose.
The stout glass was designed with Left Hand Brewing Co. and Rogue Ales. It, too, has a narrow bottom that drives foam and aromas into a wide, inward-tapered bowl. The glass does a spectacular job of concentrating and funneling the roasty aromas of stouts and porters. In my own comparative taste tests using Left Hand Nitro Milk Stout, the stout glass exploded with olfactory satisfaction. Overall aromas were far richer and more nuanced than with other glasses. The stout glass brought out textured tones of cafe mocha with subtle dry-roasted, Oreo-cookie chocolate. Flavors were better balanced with added dry, roasted notes offsetting the beer's sweetness.
The wheat beer glass, created with Bell's Brewery, is designed specifically for American- and Belgian-style wheat beers. It has a similar look to the others, but with a bigger bowl to showcase the bready and fruity aromas of those styles. And it does that in spades. The big bowl delivers layers of saltine-cracker-like wheat, tart fruit and zesty spice that other glasses just can't match. I find the flavors, though, to be flattened, with the zip of fruit and spice de-emphasized.
Michael Agnew is a certified cicerone (beer-world version of sommelier) and owner of A Perfect Pint. He conducts private and corporate beer tasting events in the Twin Cities, and can be reached at michael@ aperfectpint.net.
As we reported a few days ago, Ian Murdock, the creator of the Debian GNU/Linux distribution project, died in rather unclear circumstances last week. Until more details emerge, it seems wise to refrain from speculation about what really happened. Far better to celebrate what is not in doubt: his important contribution to free software at a critical period in its growth.
In November 1999, I spoke to Murdock at length, during one of the 50 interviews that form the backbone of my book Rebel Code: Linux and the Open Source Revolution. Inevitably, I was only able to use a few quotations from Murdock in the book's text, and now seems an appropriate moment to give a more complete version of how Murdock came to create Debian, told in his own words.
Murdock first came across GNU/Linux in 1993, when he was a 20-year-old student at Purdue University, studying accountancy: "This was around the time that PCs were just starting to get fast enough to actually run things like Unix. I'd been using Unix and I saw Linux as a way to have more convenient access to it." He said that the software at that time was "pretty rough around the edges," but that helping to fix that was part of the fun: "one of the great things about Linux is it was one of the first operating systems that you could actually not only see what it was doing but you could get in there and tinker around with it."
When Murdock started exploring GNU/Linux, there were only a few distributions available. The one he chose to use was SLS, "Softlanding Linux System." In his first public mention of the imminent Debian distribution, Murdock wrote: "I was inspired to put together this release after running SLS and generally being dissatisfied with much of it, and after much altering of SLS I decided that it would be easier to start from scratch." As Murdock told me in 1999, the problems arose from the fact that "the fellow who was doing [SLS] was trying to do everything himself. And so I looked on that and I thought, well, you know, if Linux has taught us anything it's that that kind of model is sub-optimal. What we really ought to do is we ought to try to take the model that Linux has pioneered, intentionally or not, and try to get the same benefits from that for building the system around it."
Murdock's key insight was that the distributed development model used for the Linux kernel could be applied on a larger scale to the entire operating system, together with its applications:
If you want to build an entire [operating] system, how exactly do you divide it up and allow people who have probably never met to work on everything individually, yet take all of the subcomponents and put them back together and make a complete system? The way that Linux systems were distributed at the time was very much oriented toward distribution on diskettes. So you would download all these diskette images, and you'd install Linux that way. And we decided to take a different approach, because it fit well with the distributed development idea. We decided that Debian would be based on packages. So every sub-component of the system would be contained in its own package. And the package would know how to integrate itself into the system. When you installed it, it would know how to remove itself, and know how to upgrade itself. Debian would be based on the idea of a package, and all these people who wanted to work on it could then take responsibility for all these different packages. And we would define standards and rules that would allow a package from any source to be able to fit into the system well. So that when you take all these packages and you install them, you get an entire system that looks like it's been hand-crafted by a single, closely-knit team. And in fact that's not at all how it was put together.
Unsurprisingly, one of the key inspirations for the Debian project and its new, package-based approach, was Linux:
AARP, the non-profit seniors organization that exists to promote the financial security, pensions and healthcare of those over 50, is secretly funding the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), an organization whose bills have acted against the interests of ordinary Americans, including retirees and their families.
The Center for Media and Democracy has learned that AARP has recently joined ALEC, and that it is a named sponsor of the ALEC annual meeting taking place in Indianapolis, Indiana from July 27-29, 2016.
AARP isn't exactly hiding its new financial relationship with ALEC, at least to ALEC legislators. Its logo appears in the conference brochure (see here) and attendees at the conference were each provided with an AARP branded portable USB power pack as they registered for the event.
ALEC exists to help its corporate funders advance their lobbying agenda through pushing bills that ALEC peddles as national “model” legislation. As CMD has documented in numerous ways, ALEC is a pay-to-play operation.
Since CMD launched ALECexposed in 2011, more than 100 corporations have quit the group, with many echoing Eric Schmidt of Google who told NPR as his company quit ALEC: “I think the consensus within the company was that that was some sort of mistake and so we're trying to not do that in the future.”
Here are just five (of the many) ways ALEC has acted against the interests of retirees and AARP members:
1.) For more than a decade ALEC peddled a proposal to privatize key tax revenue for Social Security, which would undermine this crucial insurance program.
When it comes to social security, ALEC has cried wolf about the financial soundness of social security, proclaiming as recently as June 2016 that “leadership to reduce the debt must take place soon to prevent Social Security's insolvency in fewer than 20 years.”
Such hyperbole is typical of ALEC, which fails to acknowledge that such “insolvency” could easily be fixed by lifting the Social Security Payroll tax earnings cap, currently set at $118,500.
ALEC's go-to solution to future potential shortfalls has been to privatize a portion of the tax revenue that would otherwise fund Social Security Insurance by putting it into private accounts.
In its “Resolution Urging Congress To Modernize the Social Security System With Personal Retirement Accounts (PRA's),” which corporate lobbyists voted on with legislators on its task force in secret in May 2000, ALEC claimed that “Social Security tax revenues alone will be insufficient to pay current benefits as early as the year 2015.”
Yet as of 2016, despite these prognostications, social security remains healthy, solvent and wildly popular with the American public. It's no wonder that ALEC quietly has sought to distance itself from this long-standing “model” resolution by removing it from its website.
However, ALEC has done nothing to get that deeply flawed Resolution which was embraced by ALEC legislators revoked in state legislators. And ALEC has done nothing to educate its legislators that its privatization scheme for removing revenue streams from the Social Security trust fund was and remains a terrible idea.
Such privatization schemes have been promoted by ALEC's billionaire funders, the Koch Brothers. Charles Koch began attacking Social Security way back in the 1970s through his Cato Institute and David Koch ran on that policy in 1980. Koch-backed groups like ALEC have sought to privatize Social Security in a variety of ways.
ALEC has spread propaganda about Social Security to thousands of state legislators over several years, including through its proposal to take significant tax revenue out of the Social Security system as a guise to saving it, which would actually collapse the program.
But AARP is now funding ALEC.
2.) ALEC has pushed bills that limit retirement security for public workers by attacking defined benefit pension plans in favor of riskier retirement options.
Particularly, ALEC's “Defined Contribution Pension Reform Act” would push more workers away from negotiated retirement benefits to 401(k) plans that pose greater risks to pensioners' income security and can include more private fees to manage. Meanwhile, ALEC has assailed socially responsible investing efforts.
ALEC has used straw man arguments like claiming that the bankruptcy of Detroit was primarily caused by public pension insolvency and “should serve as a lesson” for lawmakers about pension agreements.
But as documented by DEMOS and others, “Detroit's bankruptcy was caused by a decrease in tax revenue due to a population decline and long-term unemployment, not an increase in the obligations to fund pensions.”
As with its history of peddling of myths about Social Security along with its laughably inaccurate economic state “report cards,” ALEC routinely uses bad math to shill for the agenda of its bankrollers, like the extremist billionaire Koch Brothers, an approach predicated on the organization's obedience to its pledge to never raise taxes, particularly on wealthy individuals and corporations (who not coincidentally fund ALEC).
3.) ALEC has sought to amend the Constitution to pass a “Balanced Budget Amendment,” which would destroy our economy and result in drastic cuts to discretionary government programs that help people's lives.
ALEC has dedicated significant resources to passing a Balanced Budget Amendment (BBA), peddling amendments, handbooks, and more to “educate” ALEC legislators.
As noted by CMD, the passage of such an amendment would constitute a massive threat to fiscal stability. Economists like Dean Baker warn that a balanced budget amendment would radically alter Social Security and Medicare, and would fundamentally limit the federal government's ability to respond to economic challenges and opportunities.
4.) ALEC bills would undermine Medicare and it continues to attack the Affordable Care Act, despite its protections for millions of Americans including Americans with pre-existing conditions, like AARP members who are not yet retirement age.
As noted by the healthcare industry whistleblower and CMD Fellow Wendell Potter in 2011, “ALEC has been at work for more than a decade on what amounts to a comprehensive wish list for insurers: from turning over the Medicare and Medicaid programs to them – assuring them a vast new stream of revenue – to letting insurers continue marketing substandard yet highly profitable policies while giving them protection from litigation.”
5.) ALEC seeks to restrict limits on drug price gouging and aids its big donor, Big Pharma, in other ways.
Time and again, ALEC has supported model policies that benefit the bottom lines of pharmaceutical companies, like the organization's “Drug Liability Act,” which would exempt drugmakers from any punitive damages liability for the potential harms caused by their products if those products were previously approved by the Federal Food and Drug Administration.
Similarly, ALEC has opposed efforts to give Americans access to more affordable medications from Canada.
ALEC has even supported limits on non-pecuniary damages when a corporation is liable, meaning that someone who is retired and cannot show lost income can receive lesser damages for pain and suffering. ALEC's bill on this was applied by ALEC legislators in Wisconsin to lawsuits against nursing homes to limit their payouts to victims of nursing home neglect or mistreatment who prove that the skilled nursing industry's practices harmed them or their beloved parents or grandparents.
These are just a few of the many ways ALEC legislation hurts Americans, in addition to its legacy of making it harder for Americans to vote and thwarting efforts to address climate changes that are harming our planet and our families and future.
On Tuesday, Gen. Ray Odierno, the US Army Chief of Staff, publicly questioned President Obama's plan to reduce the size of America's ground-combat forces, joining a growing chorus of current and former administration officials speaking out against Obama's foreign policy.
Speaking at a news conference during the annual meeting of the Association of the U.S. Army, Odierno cited new threats in the world that forestall the shrinking of the Army, as Obama has repeatedly called for.
“The world is changing in front of us. We have seen Russian aggression in Europe, we have seen ISIS, we have seen increased stability in other places,” General Odierno told the gathered crowd. “So I now have concern whether even going below 490,000 [troops] is the right thing to do or not, because of what I see potentially on the horizon.”
The active-duty Army now has 510,000 members, which military leaders are working to reduce. The Army agreed to cut size of its force to 490,000 due to budget cuts approved in 2011. Further spending battles and cuts means the Army may have to shrink further, to 450,000 or 420,000 members, according to the Wall Street Journal's Washington Wire.
Is Odierno's public criticism unusual?
In fact, not at all: Odierno is the latest official to speak out against Obama's pledge to keep soldiers out of Iraq as the US works to fight ISIS.
Speaking with CBS This Morning, former Defense Secretary Robert Gates said, “there will be boots on the ground if there's to be any hope of success in this strategy. And I think that by continuing to repeat that [the US won't put boots on the ground], the president, in effect, traps himself.”
“…You just don't take anything off the table up front, which it appears the administration has tried to do,” Retired Gen. James Mattis told the House Intelligence Committee Thursday, adding, “Specifically, if this threat to our nation is determined to be as significant as I believe it is, we may not wish to reassure our enemies in advance that they will not see American 'boots on the ground.'”
And as CBS News reported, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Army Gen. Martin Dempsey, told the Senate Armed Services Committee Tuesday that he may recommend to the president deploying combat forces in Iraq.
The growing chorus of officials questioning the president's policy has some wondering about a “concerted pushback developing in the Pentagon.”
And it turns out it's not just the Pentagon. A growing number of former top cabinet officials have recently publicly criticized the president's foreign policy, creating an opportunity for Republicans in the 2014 midterm elections, and potentially creating a credibility crisis for the White House.
A week ago, former CIA director and Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta published a book, “Worthy Fights,” in which he said Obama “lost his way” on foreign policy, including the president's failure to enforce a “red line” on chemical weapon use in Syria, rejecting advice to arm Syrian rebels, and approving a full withdrawal of troops from Iraq in 2011, thereby creating a power vacuum that led to the rise of ISIS.
Prior to Panetta's criticism, former Defense Secretary Gates also criticized Obama's handling of Afghanistan in his memoir, “Duty.” Regarding the Afghanistan war, the president was “skeptical if not outright convinced it would fail,” Gates writes in his book.
And former Secretary of State Hilary Clinton blamed the president for rejecting advice on arming Syrian rebels, saying that decision ultimately allowed ISIS to flourish.
Is it OK to openly criticize a sitting president?
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Some, like the Washington Post's Dana Milbank, have criticized the outspoken officials, writing “this level of disloyalty is stunning.”
But the Post's Ed Rogers has a different take. None of these individuals are amateurs, lightweights, or greedy for attention, he writes. “They are all distinguished leaders who don't shoot from the hip or have anything to prove. So when they agree on something, whatever they are telling us should be treated seriously. The world should take notice.”
Editors note: this is the second in a series of introductory posts on Vim. If you're brand new to Vim, then definitely read this article first.
So you can get into and out of Vim, congratulations. You also know about Vim's four main modes:
Normal mode – the default mode, for editing
Insert mode – for inserting text, not much else
Command-line mode – for communicating with Vim
Visual mode – for highlighting large blocks of text
This post will be a very simple introduction to Normal mode. By the end of this post you should be able to navigate around inside a text file, know how to search for text strings, and be getting a sense for why vim just feels nice to use.
Normal mode is Normal
OK, so normal mode is the mode your normally in; make sense?
So now you're going to open a text file in Vim that you can play around with and use until you get comfortable.
If you like you can copy and paste this:
This is a dummy file for learning how to use Vim Welcome, this is a basic text file I wrote in 5 minutes to help you to navigate through
and learn some of the other amazing functions that Vim has to offer. If you're coming from the navigation tutorial, then please ignore the typo's. They're deliberate, and you'll learn how to fix them in a post in the not-too-distant future. Until then just get a feel for moving around. Hey diddle-diddle, teh cat and the fiddle
The cow jumped over the moon
The little dog laughed to ese such fun
And the dish ran away with with the spoon It's a common misconception that you should never start a sentence with conjunctions like: And, But, etc. Possibly the most faux-pas of these is ‘and'. However it turns out this is perfectly fine. I'm not going to explain why though, you really just need to take my word for it. OK, fine. If you really need to you can google it. twinkle little star
How I wonder what you are
Up above the world so so high
Like a diamond in the sky I'm wondering if it's plagiarism technically to quote word for word full nursery rhymes such as the ones used above, or if they're considered public domain because they're so old? I'm going to assume the latter (you should too!) This is the last line of my Vim tutorial document.
into a .txt file in something like Notepad, then save as and exit.
If you're using Windows, then right-click on your newly formed file and hit ‘open with', then find Vim and click to open with that.
Don't worry, there are much faster and geekier ways of doing this which you can figure out later.
For now just right-click your file and open using Vim.
If you're using a Linux or Mac terminal then you can simply open your new document in Vim from the command line by typing:
vim SampleTextFile.txt
However you go about it, you should be looking again at a window with Vim in it, with your text file displayed in the window.
Without trying to confuse a non-programmer too much, what you're looking at is actually called a ‘buffer'. It's Vim's representation of the document your editing, not the actual document – this is what makes Vim so lightweight when working with very large files. When you save your changes vim updates the real file.
You're now looking at your document in Normal mode. Your cursor should be at the top of the screen.
Getting your cursor where you want it
Remember now that the keys on your keyboard are not what they seem. Think of their labels as just that, labels. The key with a ‘j' on it is not the ‘j' key, it is just a key called ‘j'.
Press your key called ‘j'. Go on, don't be scared.
See what I mean… It's not the ‘j' key.
As you can see the key called ‘j' does what you would normally expect the key with the down arrow to do.
Now try the key called ‘k'.
Yep. Does that feel nice?
Can you feel the tension easing?
You can do it.
I'll bet you can even guess which keys will move your cursor left and right. If you're not sure don't worry, I won't make you guess.
Press the key called ‘l'… Press it a few more times.
Now press the key called ‘h' a few times.
In normal mode, these four keys ‘h', ‘j', ‘k', ‘l', are your cursor keys in Vim. They are your most basic, and slowest form of navigation.
No more clumsily having to move your hand over to the cursor keys to move up and down in the text file, or having to move your hand all the way over to your mouse, an entirely different physical object! Bleah.
If the penny hasn't dropped yet, you should also notice that they are right on the home row where your hand rests naturally most of the time. Coincidence? Well apparently it is somewhat.
Check it this old ADM 3A. This picture has a story to tell.
So when Bill Joy wrote Vi, he used this keyboard to do it, so as you can see by the picture, that's why the cursor arrow are where they are. Any why not honestly? Why wouldn't you have your arrow keys right where your fingers rest?
Sensible people… very sensible.
Two other things you'll notice about this old ADM keyboard is:
The location of the <ESC> key… The key in the top right corner…
Both will explain some things down the track.
Wonderful Geoff, but you said it would be fast.
I know, we're getting there.
Moving around one character at a time is super slow, and once you're vimming hardcore, you'll hardly ever use them.
Despite the fact that I said to stop thinking of the keys as being the ‘g' or the ‘i' key, but to think of them as blank keys, the creators of Vi knew that this might still be hard for some people. So even though, in normal mode the key called ‘w' doesn't exactly do what you think, the creators of Vi still made an effort to make some things a little intuitive.
If you're pretty clever with Microsoft Word, you may have figured out that you can skip from word to word by holding down Ctrl and pressing the arrow keys. This doesn't hold a card against Vim.
Where is your cursor now?
Press the key called ‘w'.
Can you think what the ‘w' probably stands for here? See what I mean. Vim doesn't completely throw intuition out the door.
Press the key called ‘w' a few more times. Now you might be wondering how you get ‘back' to the start of the word… think about it…
Give up?
Press the key called ‘b'.
Not bad?
Now, with something like Microsoft Word, you really only have the jump forward and back a word options (so far as I know), and then you have home and end, which get you to the start and end of the line.
Well, Vim understands that a big word like ‘understands' means that if you hit ‘w' a couple times to get to it, then you would have to hit ‘l' a bunch of times to get to the end also. That's not good enough.
Hit the key called ‘e'.
Don't be confused. It won't take you to the end of the line, but it does take you to the end of the word… which you'll realise after a while it is very helpful.
Now, this article is only covering the very basic basics of normal mode. In terms of moving your cursor through a document this is just a drop in the ocean.
For example, press ‘8' then ‘j'
Now press ‘5' then ‘k'
See what's happening there? That's right. You can also do the same thing to move left, right, word by word etc.
Prefixing many of these commands with a number tells vim
‘do what I am about to ask you X number of times'
I haven't even told you about the difference between using uppercase and lowercase (you seriously cannot underestimate how much you can do with 1-2 keystrokes). I'll leave it up to you to figure out the difference between ‘w' and ‘W', and ‘e' and ‘E'.
What? It's not like I'm getting paid for this.
sigh* Fine…
w = move to beginning of next word W = move to beginning of next unbroken string of text e = move to end of word E = move to end of the whole unbroken string of text
More than anything, what the above 4 commands should show you is that Vim has just about all of the bases covered, and as we'll learn in a later post, almost anything that's not covered by the thousands of default key bindings, you can customize…
Moving the cursor vs moving the page
So when my obsession with keyboard shortcuts began, I was writing R scripts, and I got frustrated when I realized there was no really good keyboard shortcuts to jump up or down the page, or to move the document itself (what you use the wheel on your mouse for).
Vim? Yep, it does all that and more.
Check out these bad boys (Note the upper cases!):
H = move cursor to the top of the screen M = move cursor to the middle of the screen L = move cursor to the bottom of the screen gg = move cursor to beginning of whole document G = move cursor to end of whole document
And these:
zt = shift the document until current cursor location is at the top of the screen zz = shift the document until current cursor location is in the middle of the screen (one of my personal favourites) zb = shift the document until current cursor location is at the bottom of the screen
Take a few minutes to try those out and see what's going on with each.
Beat that mouse wheel.
Moving very quickly (search)
I can't remember how much information I was absorbing and how quickly when I first started learning vim, but if you've read up to here without stopping, you might be starting feel a little overwhelmed.
So let's just take a step back and review.
h-j-k-l are your cursor keys < v ^ > respectively.
b = back to start of current/previous word
w = forward to start of next word
e = forward to end of current/next word
Remember: prefixing any of these commands with a numerical value orders vim to execute that command that many times.
And if that's not enough you can move your cursor all around the document in large chunks, and scroll through the document just as quickly as we just saw.
And we still haven't covered all of the ways you can move quickly around your file… or the quickest ways.
One last thing I'll show you before we move on to some actual editing, which is Vim bread and butter, is searching.
Vim can search for a near infinite amount of things.
At its most basic, the vim search has two options.
Search for the next instance, and search for the previous.
But if that wasn't enough, you can still search forwards or backwards anyway.
There are other text editors with search capabilities, but I never knew about that before I started learning Vim, so this just blew my mind. Using the search command to navigate through my files is probably in my top three most used activities, and I am reminded of its magic every time I go to edit a blog post or something else in Microsoft Word and have to scroll through my file and stop and read, and scroll some more, then scroll back, then read through some text until I get to where I want to go.
Even though it turns out that you can search for text in Microsoft Word, it still seems really clunky as soon as you have to reach for your mouse, point and click here and there, etc. I also don't know how powerful searching in MS Word is, but I know that in Vim, it's amazing.
If I was going to try to convince you that Vim is even my editor of choice for writing prose, the search function would be one major selling point.
Imagine a 10k word draft of a Novel, or something else you're writing. Imagine trying to find a specific section of that with your mouse wheel…
You know what you're looking for, a word, or a sentence, but it's like finding a needle in a haystack. Unless it's at the beginning or the end, or right after a major subheading, you could waste precious time (and patience) trying to get to it.
In vim it takes seconds.
In order to search forward through your document you start with the forward slash
/something I want to find
Then, by simply pressing ‘n', Vim will continue to jump forward to the next instance of that string of characters, and when it gets to the end of the file, it jumps back to the start and keeps searching. However, if you search forward, then find you want to look back also then ‘N' (uppercase) will search in the opposite direction.
If you want to start your search in the backwards direction then the command is
?something I want to find
this time ‘n' will search backward through the file, and ‘N' will search forward.
Hope that's not too confusing. This is just Vim's way of covering all the bases, and you get used to it.
Learning how to do this changed my life.
This is one of the main reasons I use Vim for writing other than code. It's why I wrote the draft of this article in Vim.
Now to apologize for being so condescending in this article, I'll leave it up to you to figure out
How search for a character at the start of a line and ignore it elsewhere
How to search for any of a sequence of alphanumeric values
How to search for something but exclude particular instances of it
Tons of other cool shit
I hope you enjoyed this article. Remember, so far all we've really covered is the navigation basics.
In the last article I showed you how to get into and then get out of vim by pressing
:q
There are actually, heaps of ways of exiting Vim. If you haven't made any changes to your text file that you've been using for this tutorial, then :q will still work. If you have however, then from normal mode you'll need to press either:
ZZ = save and exit ZQ = exit without saving
There are even more ways than this, but these two are by far the quickest and easiest.
You might be chomping at the bit to do some real editing, but you technically can't edit text, if you don't have any, so next post is going to introduce insert mode, so if you enjoyed this article and the previous one, then make sure to follow me so you get updated when it comes out.
For more information about other topics on this blog and why I started it see here.
Thanks so much for reading.
Advertisements
Being able to defend yourself in your own home is and always will be a God given right. Who are the RCMP and the government of Canada to take that right away from you? If someone breaks into your place of residence and tries to harm or kill you or your family, your natural instinct would be to protect/defend yourselves. Not according to the RCMP, you will be charged for defending yourself by any means.
Here's an article: http://news.nationalpost.com/2011/01/20/man-faces-jail-after-protecting-home-from-masked-attackers/
That man had a long court battle.
Here's another: http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/toronto/shopkeeper-learns-his-lesson-in-acquittal/article1241107/
There are a lot of cases like theses ones in Canada, and if you defend yourself, you can be looking at more jail time than the offender and its time the people say ENOUGH to the government.
We the people can't sit back and let the government and all the police forces dictate us, whether protecting yourself with a baseball bat, knife, gun, axe, broom' or using whatever force necessary to protect you and your family and property it shouldn't matter, IT'S YOUR GOD GIVEN RIGHT!
I for one used to be a proud Canadian and now, because of these government laws, I am disgusted. If you believe you should have the right to self defense then please, sign this petition.
House Speaker Paul Ryan. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
On March 7, the day after the original version of the American Health Care Act was unveiled, House Speaker Paul Ryan told Americans where they could read the bill.
"I encourage all Americans to read this bill online at readthebill.gop," Ryan said.
By Friday, the day after the legislation sailed through the House, it became apparent many of Ryan's colleagues didn't heed his advice.
Several Republican representatives have said they did not read the bill, instead relying on staff or the media to understand its potential effects.
Rep. Chris Collins of New York told CNN's Wolf Blitzer on Thursday that he did not read the entire bill.
"I will fully admit, Wolf, I did not," Collins said. "But I can also assure you my staff did. We have to rely on our staff."
Collins also had to ask a reporter from The Buffalo News to explain to him a provision of the AHCA that would cut $3 billion in funding to help low- and middle-income New Yorkers pay for healthcare.
Rep. Mark Sanford of South Carolina, who flipped his voted to a "yes" on the AHCA days before its passage, told CNN that he looked at the bill but did not absorb all of it.
"I turned through every page," Sanford said. "As to whether or not I got through some of the details in some of the pages, no. But yes, I attempted to read the entire bill."
Sanford said he thoroughly read the amendments to the bill.
On Thursday, before the vote, Rep. Thomas Garrett of Virginia told MSNBC he also did not read the bill.
"Oh, gosh. Let's put it this way: People in my office have read all the parts of the bill," Garrett said. "I don't think any individual has read the whole bill, but that's why we have staff."
Republican leaders long criticized Democrats for supposedly not reading the Affordable Care Act, the healthcare law better known as Obamacare, before passing that bill.
The 126-page AHCA had two amendments totaling 11 pages, making the full bill 137 pages. The Affordable Care Act and a reconciliation bill attached to it comprised 974 pages.
Ryan wasn't the only Republican leader to boast about how short and easy to read the bill was. White House press secretary Sean Spicer during a press briefing in March even held up the ACA to compare its length with the AHCA's.
"For all the people who have concerns about this, especially on the right," Spicer said, "look at the size."
Today, we're releasing two new robot avatars and an exciting new avatar line–our first human avatars.
Launch AltspaceVR to try them out today.
Our vision at AltspaceVR is to enable natural communication online, where talking to another person in VR can feel like being together in the same place. Avatars are central to this vision. We want every user to find avatars they want to represent themselves, and avatars that they enjoy communicating with. We think these new avatars are a big step towards that goal.
With the new robot avatars, we wanted to offer a more whimsical option while staying consistent with the current AltspaceVR style. Both riff on the head-only concepts present in other VR apps, with the addition of tracked hands, some animated elements, and a few small details that you'll have to see for yourself.
Our two human models are a major milestone for several reasons.
First, it's hard to design human avatars that are pleasant to interact with in VR. The balance of detail and animation has to be perfect. Show too much detail on the avatar without enough animation and it feels like a mannequin. Don't show enough and it doesn't feel human. We iterated on many different concepts before landing on these two models for our initial release. We hope you'll agree that they feel natural to communicate with.
Second, we wanted to add variety to improve how people felt they were represented. Each human avatar launches with five hairstyles, three skin tones, and three shirt styles, totalling 90 human variants. This is a huge step for avatar diversity in AltspaceVR, and it's just the beginning.
These avatars are live in AltspaceVR right now, so launch the client and check them out today.
By Jil Picariello, Theater Editor, June 21, 2016
I just saw Hamilton for the third time.
Don't hate me.
I don't have any inside connections and I certainly didn't spend the fortune being demanded for re-sale tickets (with Lin-Manuel Miranda and Leslie Odom, Jr.'s recent announcements that they are departing the show on July 9, prices for the next couple of weeks have just rocketed to heights that put the eyesore skyscraper (skysore eyescraper?) on West 57th Street to shame).
I saw the show at the Public very early in its downtown run last year. And then again on Broadway last summer while still in previews. And then again at a recent Sunday matinee, with an out-of-town guest, who bought the tickets back in September.
All this Hami-bounty has given me the unique opportunity to see, in the major roles, two Alexander Hamiltons, two George Washingtons, two John Laurens/Philip Hamiltons, two Peggy Schuyler/Maria Reynoldses, and—count ‘em—three King George IIIs.
While it's very hard to be objective, especially after having memorized the cast album and read the book Hamilton: The Revolution in one sitting, I can happily report that the show is, for the most part, casting-proof. Talented performers may bring something different to the role, but that can be a good thing. So take a breath, all of you who won't get tickets until 2019.
But for me it is very difficult, almost impossible, not to miss the brilliantly talented people I fell in love with. Lin-Manuel Miranda is Alexander Hamilton, right down to his very DNA, and while his alternate, Javier Muñoz, brings a manly sexiness, a devil-may-care charm, and even an occasional dark glimmer to the role, he's missing the almost shambling casualness of Miranda. As the man who created the role in every possible way—the words, the tunes, the persona—and has lived with it for more than six years, Miranda doesn't play Hamilton, he is him. Miranda brings both ambition and insecurity, and his lack of poise rings true to the penniless orphan who's come to make his way in a new land. It also makes him endearing. We root for Miranda's Hamilton because, despite his brilliance and erudition, he needs our support. Muñoz seems like a winner from the start.
His strength brings different shadings to the role. Because he seems more confident, more powerful, his fall is in some ways even more painful. We cry for Miranda's Hamilton because we have been rooting for him. We weep for Muñoz's ending because it seems so much more unlikely, despite the fact that we know what's coming.
In the end, I like and respect and applaud Muñoz's performance. But I love Miranda's. I don't think that's because either performance is better or worse than the other. It's because Miranda is the Hamilton I fell in love with. Muñoz may be brilliant, but he's not my man.
Of course, for those of you seeing Hamilton for the first time now, or next year, or in 2027, Muñoz—or whoever replaces him—will be your man. And your first love.
Andrew Chappelle, understudying the John Laurens/Philip Hamilton role usually played by Anthony Ramos had an appealing confidence that sometimes went too far. Ramos has a youthful energy and boyishness that suits both roles, while Chappelle comes across as a near-arrogant frat boy (those “two pints of Sam Adams but I'm working on three” really suit him). Since it doesn't look likely that Ramos will be leaving the role any time soon, we won't get a chance to see of the rough spots of Chappelle's performance will smooth away with time.
Nicholas Christopher, as His Excellency George Washington, doesn't capture the stature and gravitas of Christopher Jackson, but wins your heart in his beautiful “One Last Time,” delivering a touching and expressive performance. And Alysha Deslorieux is a less dark, less predatory Maria Reynolds, but the fact that she seems as much victim as perpetrator brings new and different shadows to her role. If only her voice was as passionate and silken as Jasmine Cephas Jones's. Both performers, like Chappelle, are understudies, not replacements, but both have a lot to offer.
The problem, for the viewer, when you see the same show with an original cast and later with replacements, is that it feels, inevitably, like the new people are imposters. In the mind of the second (or third) time visitor, the cast is not only trying, in this case, to be Alexander Hamilton or George Washington or John Laurens, but that they are also trying (and, of course, failing) to be Lin-Manuel Miranda or Christopher Jackson or Anthony Ramos. Their performance can be brilliant, but you can't erase first love from your viewing of it.
Which brings us, of course, to the monarch. My King George III the first was Brian D'Arcy James at the Public. He left the downtown run after just a couple of months to take a lead role in Something Rotten and was replaced by King George III the second, Jonathan Groff, who moved with the show to Broadway, and was nominated for a Tony for the role. King George III the third was Andrew Rannells, who briefly replaced Groff last fall, while Groff filmed the final installment of his TV show, Looking. When Groff left for good in April to begin filming David Fincher's new Netflix series, Mindhunter, Rory O'Malley, a Tony nominee for Book of Mormon, stepped in as King George III the fourth. (Can someone please stop offering Groff so many good TV shows? Broadway needs him.)
I can't comment on Rannells, whose five-week run I missed, but I can say that King George is as close to casting-proof as a Hamilton (or maybe any) role can get. He's so damn silly and witty and you're so desperate for a laugh and so excited to see him arrive that there's almost nothing he can do wrong. Having said that, I can pick my favorite, and, as you might expect, it's my first love. Brian D'Arcy James played the King with such vaudevillian minimalism that every arched eyebrow, every curled lip, every shoulder shrug was brilliantly, irresistibly perfect.
Jonathan Groff brought a boyish charm to the kingdom, coming across more like a petulant King Joffrey than a powerful King Arthur. But he did charm nonetheless. And Rory O'Malley, while still superb comic relief, delivers a slightly blander, slightly less winning performance. It's like Groff, only dialed down a smidgen. It's still a hoot, and still wonderful. But like what often happens in the hereditary monarchy itself, each generation seems a tad paler, a touch watered down.
So build a time machine and go back and see the show at the Public in January of 2015. And if you can't do that, get yourself a ticket for 2019 and know that since you'll be seeing it for the very first time you will fall in love with it, and all the performers, and never know for a minute what you might have missed. Just like King George III the first, second, third, and fourth, it will serve you well.
This article was updated on June 30, 2016.
The blog here is a bit of a dude space. What can you do? It's a blog about finance. But before we wander away from SuperFreakonomics, I'd like to take a moment to bring up their chapter on prostitution.
I found reading the chapter a really unpleasant experience. Like Daniel Davies, I noticed that when they mention “the typical prostitute earns more than the typical architect” in the first book I couldn't find a source. My reaction went beyond “this doesn't seem like a correct statistics at all.” I remember thinking that was a really odd comparison, and that if they ever expanded their thoughts on the subject it would get creepy quickly, like if Schopenhauer was a teaching assistant for Economics 101.
And sure enough, the prostitution chapter kicks off the new book: “How is a street prostitute like a department-store Santa?” A lot of what you think of the section will depend on what you think of their thesis here:
There is one labor market women have always dominated: prostitution. Its business model is built upon a simple premise. Since time immemorial and all over the world, men have wanted more sex than they could get for free. So what inevitably emerges is a supply of women who, for the right price, are willing to satisfy this demand.
Ummm. Rortybomb esoterica: A distant female relative of mine was a Playboy centerfold. To say that Playboy is female dominated because only naked women appear in it is incorrect. It's like saying Girls Gone Wild is female dominated; or that the diamond industry is African child dominated. It's true, in one sense, not true in most though.
I also find odd the idea that the historical trade and exchange of women's bodies was an early form of “Girl Power!” A more realistic version would take into account that the exchange historically has been done by men, for the strengthening of relationships between men (as well as having other effects).
Anyway, they interview two prostitutes, LaSheena who works in a housing project for ~$25 per trick, and Allie who works high-class clientele for $400+ trick. How did they end up in different circumstances? I kid you not, they quote LaSheena as saying that she “doesn't like men” and would prefer to not be a prostitute. They then later go on to describe how much Allie enjoys her job, enjoys men, analyzing the supply and demand of the industry, etc. They don't say that this is the lesson directly, since they lose interest in learning more about LaSheena, but that's hanging out in the background. They end by wondering why more women don't become prostitutes. Seriously.
Oh – in the endnotes they mention that one of the two prostitutes gives guest lectures at Levitt's UChicago class. I'll let you guess which one.
Anyway, this was a roundabout way of wanting to link to these two excellent responses to this chapter: Sady Doyle at The Guardian, and her follow-up with Amanda Hess at Sexist Beatdown. They are worth reading on your lunch break.
Travis Kalanick did not build Uber into a global force by playing nice.
Mr. Kalanick, the chief executive of Uber, a ride-hailing service, aggressively pushed the start-up into new markets, taking combative stances toward regulators and the powerful taxi industry — and the news media.
But Mr. Kalanick and his team have begun to trade the art of Sun Tzu for a full-throated charm offensive.
In January, Mr. Kalanick delivered a speech in Munich filled with talk about compromising with regulators he once sparred with, wanting to “make 2015 the year where we establish partnerships with new European cities.” The company also released two rosy, data-heavy reports about the service's advantages on cities, drivers and communities. And on Friday, in an uncommon display of humility, Uber pledged to strengthen its user data privacy practices, acknowledging that “we haven't always gotten it right.”
The striking reversal in tone comes at a crucial time for Uber, which once somewhat prided itself on its antagonistic attitude. The company is now valued by investors at over $40 billion after the most recent round of financing, largely on the promise of rapid growth. To build a business worthy of that valuation, though, the company must prove to investors that it can continue its breakneck pace of expansion in markets abroad at the same rate it has domestically.
People with anxiety and depression are most likely to use a shade of gray to represent their mental state. Researchers writing in the open access journal BMC Medical Research Methodology describe the development of a color chart, The Manchester Color Wheel, which can be used to study people's preferred pigment in relation to their state of mind.
Peter Whorwell, Professor of Medicine and Gastroenterology at University Hospital South Manchester, worked with a team of researchers from the University of Manchester, UK, to create an instrument that would allow people a choice of colors in response to questions. He said, "Colors are frequently used to describe emotions, such as being 'green with envy' or 'in the blues'. Although there is a large, often anecdotal, literature on color preferences and the relationship of color to mood and emotion, there has been relatively little serious research on the subject."
The researchers created a wheel of colors of various intensities, including shades of gray. They then asked a control group of non-anxious, non-depressed people to describe which color they felt most 'drawn to', which was their favorite and whether any of the colors represented their current mood. When the test was repeated with anxious and depressed people, most chose the same 'drawn to' color as the healthy participants, yellow, and the same favorite color, blue. When asked which color represented their mood, however, most chose gray, unlike the healthy subjects who tended to pick a shade of yellow.
A separate group of healthy volunteers were also asked whether they associated any of the colors with positive or negative moods. According to Whorwell, "When we used these results to separate colours into positive, negative and neutral groups, we found that depressed individuals showed a striking preference for negative colors compared to healthy controls. Anxious individuals gave results intermediate to those observed in depression, with negative colors being chosen more frequently as well as positive colors being chosen less frequently than in the control test."
The Color Wheel provides a unique way of asking patients about their condition that dispenses with the need for language.
The Wild has placed goaltender Josh Harding, who has multiple sclerosis, on injured reserve and has recalled Johan Gustafsson.
He must miss a week, meaning the next three games at least.
GM Chuck Fletcher said during a phone interview that Harding needs to make some changes to his treatment protocol and the Wild is confident he'll be able to rejoin the team in Winnipeg on Dec. 27.
"This is not a major situation at all," Fletcher said. "This didn't come out of the blue. I've been talking to Josh for awhile about this. He needs to make an adjustment in his protocols and now is a good time to do it. He feels good. He played well last night, but it's just something that has to be taken care of."
Fletcher basically said the changes Harding needs to make, he can't play through them, so this is as good a time as any to take care of it.
"This is not a setback, this is not a sitation where something occurred in the last 24 hours," Fletcher said.
Harding made 29 saves in last night's 3-2 shootout win over Vancouver, his second straight shootout win. He is 18-5-3 in 27 games this season and ranks first in the NHL with a 1.51 goals-against average and .939 save percentage. His wins rank second.
Harding missed two months last season with complications with his medication.
Niklas Backstrom will start at least two of the next three games and with three games in five nights as opposed to the normal four, maybe he even starts all three. He is 2-5-2 this season with a 2.93 goals-against average and .900 save percentage. Fletcher said, "we all have complete faith in Backy."
It's unclear if Gustafsson will make his NHL debut on this trip in a starting role. The Wild plays in Philadelphia on Monday. Remember, twice earlier this season, the Wild recalled Gustafsson just to sit back up and then called up Darcy Kuemper to start. The second time, Harding was pulled in Montreal and wound up starting instead of Kuemper in Ottawa.
Kuemper is starting tonight for Iowa. Fletcher said the decisions will be completely up to the coaches as to whether Backstrom starts all three or if Gustafsson or Kuemper gets one of the starts.
Kuemper has struggled this season. In two NHL appearances, he is 0-1 with a 6.10 goals-against average and .625 save percentage. He is 6-9 with Iowa with a 2.68 GAA and .923 SV%.
Gustafsson, 21, is 4-4-0 with a 2.95 GAA, a .898 SV% and one shutout in nine games with Iowa this season. The 6-foot-2, 199-pound native of Koping, Sweden, went 20-13-0 with a 1.70 GAA, a .929 SV% and four shutouts in 33 games for Lulea HF in Sweden's Elite League last season. Gustafsson was selected by the Wild in the sixth round (159th overall) of the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Iran Arrests Hundreds Of Instagram And WhatsApp Users
Iran Arrests Hundreds Of Instagram And WhatsApp Users
Instagram users were among those arrested in Iran
Iran has arrested or summoned about 450 social media users, a website linked to the Revolutionary Guards has reported.
Users of apps such as Instagram, Telegram and WhatsApp have been targeted.
"These people were carrying out immoral activities, insulted religious beliefs or had illegal activities in the field of fashion," the Gherdab website said.
The suspects will now face trial, it added.
A similar report was run by the Isna news agency.
Facebook and Twitter are banned in the Islamic republic, though software that provides access is easily available.
More than half of Iran's 80 million population is online.
Telegram, an instant messaging app, has more than 20 million users.
In May, a committee headed by President Hassan Rouhani is said to have set a one-year deadline for foreign social media to hand over data on their Iranian users.
Unintended Acceleration: Police chase down runaway Prius [updated + video]
Mar 9, 2010, 12:25am ET
by Mark Kleis
The California Highway Patrol has confirmed its officers helped bring to a stop a runaway Toyota Prius exhibiting unintended acceleration Monday afternoon. The incident took place around 2:00 p.m., a CHP spokesman told Leftlane.
Law enforcement involvement in the near-catastrophe began when a driver reported to the CHP that his blue Toyota Prius was accelerating uncontrollably and he was unable to turn off the vehicle or shift into neutral. The driver reportedly traveled at speeds over 90 miles per hour while covering approximately 30 miles, according to new details.
At 2:03 p.m., PST, CHP reported a blue Toyota Prius traveling east-bound on the 8 freeway in San Diego while passing Los Coches road. The driver continued at full-throttle for approximately 30 miles up into the mountains leading out to El Centro, and away from the city's center. This incident began roughly 5 miles from the tragic accident involving a Lexus ES350 with a stuck accelerator that claimed the lives of CHP officer Mark Saylor and three of his family members late last year.
(Story Continues Below Video)
San Diego local news station CW 6 reported that radio traffic acknowledged the driver was unable to turn the engine off or shift the vehicle into neutral. CHP reportedly considered utilizing a spike strip in order to stop the vehicle, but decided not to in the event that it could cause the driver to further lose control of the vehicle due to the high rate of speed.
The driver of the Prius said during an interview with NBC San Diego that he was traveling on the 8 East freeway when the vehicle seemed to begin accelerating on its own - reaching speeds over 90 mph. The driver, James Sikes, 61, said he called 911 and tried to drive while holding the phone but it was too difficult, forcing him to drop the phone and attempt to regain control of the vehicle by his own methods.
A CHP officer eventually caught up to Sikes and using his loudspeaker directed Sikes to utilize the parking brake in combination with the normal brake and eventually got the vehicle under control, and turned off. When the vehicles finally came to a stop the Prius was apparently traveling up a steep grade, which a CHP officer believed aided in the vehicle coming to a stop.
"They also got it going on a steep upgrade," said Officer Jesse Udovich. "Between those three things, they got it to slow down."
"I was on the brakes pretty healthy," Sikes said. "It wasn't stopping, it wasn't doing anything to it, and just kept speeding up, kept going, and I called 911 right away, and they were trying to tell me what to do, but I couldn't hold the phone and the steering wheel properly at the same time, so I just kept trying my methods, dropped the phone and it just kept going faster. I just stayed on the brakes as much as I could until finally they started smelling really bad and I had metal sounds coming in the car."
Leftlane spoke with CHP officer Brian Pennings who confirmed the early report. Early reports incorrectly suggested the CHP used a Crown Victoria patrol car to pull in front of the Prius and brake to a stop - but new details suggest the contact was only made once the Prius was at a halt.
"The vehicles did not touch until after they came to a stop," Pennings said.
Sikes also told reporters that he had visited Toyota of El Cajon - a nearby dealership - but was told his vehicle was not included in the recent recalls and no services were performed.
No one was injured, and Toyota says it has already dispatched investigators to examine the vehicle.
Attached is a map that indicates the reported route traveled by the vehicle.
View Larger Map
Miracleman – originally Marvelman – is a superhero comic book legend. A British replacement character for Captain Marvel from the nineteen fifties, it was revived for Warrior Magazine by the little-known writer Alan Moore with Garry Leach and then Alan Davis. One of the first superhero deconstructions, it was a tale of power and people. And it was bloody brilliant.
Reprinted and continued by Eclipse Comics, the also-little-known writer and artist Neil Gaiman and Mark Buckingham took over the title after Alan Moore's run, then with John Totleben reached its conclusion. We had a series of vignettes set in the world that had been created, with Buckingham doing some of the more successful and experimental work of his career, before embarking on a story, The Silver Age, looking at some of the remaining machinations of the central characters. It was unfinished, as Eclipse began to fold. Eclipse was bought by Todd McFarlane, along with the Miracleman printer files, and he published a few comic books and a statue featuring Miracleman, though the legality was questionable.
That was settled in court, and then by Marvel Comics dealing with the character's original creator, and Marvel began reprinting the series with the intention to continue where it left off.
That didn't happen. New comics by Gaiman and Buckingham were solicited, became later and later and then dropped off completely.
Thanks to the Cultured Vultures at London Film And Comic-Con a couple of weeks ago, we now know the current status. And it's all because of the bloody kids. Mark Buckingham told them, “I'm also primarily focused now on getting Miracleman done… having accidentally ignored it for a little while! The problem is, Neil also became a Dad again, and so basically [our children] have been the reason why very little work got done! The good news is that it is coming, Neil and I have been meeting regularly to work on the new scripts together…we've made a few interesting changes, so it's not going to be the exact story we'd intended to tell back in the 80's and 90's, we're now thinking about it in the context of today, and in how the world's changed.”
You know what that says to me? Miracleman 2018…
“With Neil, we've always had a good friendship and a nice working relationship. In this case, I'm actually co-writing the scripts for Miracleman with him…so what's happening is we're meeting from time to time and actually going over our plans for the stories and fleshing everything out. It's a fun process, and it's nice to be involved right from the outset on the development of something like this, because the storytelling aspect of it is very important to me. If I'm involved with the plotting and the scripting of the thing, it helps me get a sense of the weight and scale of a story before I sit down to draw it.”
Here's the solicitation from what would be the next issue…
• The wait is over!
• Neil Gaiman and Mark Buckingham present the story you've waited decades for – the first ALL-NEW chapter in “The Silver Age!”
• High atop the Himalayas, Dicky Dauntless searches to find his place in the Age of Miracles. He'll make new friends and encounter a frightening, familiar face – Johnny Bates!
• It's Young Miracleman and Kid Miracleman face-to-face!
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
It is 30 years since the film Mad Max was made, launching the career of Mel Gibson.
The film made a big splash at the time for its terrifying view of a world without oil, where gangs of grisly looking people roam deserts in a post-apocalyptic world, killing each other to get their hands on the few drops of petrol that some have managed to produce in makeshift refineries. Social order has completely broken down.
Great film if you like that sort of thing but complete fiction, of course. Or is it? Three decades later, and I wonder if the film was, in fact, years ahead of its time.
Just think back to summer last year when oil prices spiked to $150 a barrel – 10 times the level of a decade earlier. In petrol stations in some European countries, people started to drive off without paying and drivers had to be banned from filling cars before they had paid up. In Britain, people stole heating oil out of the tanks that sit outside many houses in the country.
Imagine what would happen if prices rose, say, to $300 a barrel. Or higher. Not only would it become too expensive to drive unless absolutely necessary, but food would become prohibitively expensive to transport, goods from China would be too expensive to ship, and plastics, which come from oil, would be unaffordable. The cold turkey after more than a century of cheap oil would be painful indeed. For developing countries it would be fatal – many could not afford energy at those prices.
Oil has fallen sharply in price since last summer, but this is only because the world tumbled into its worst recession in decades, clobbering industrial output and trade volumes, and therefore oil demand. What is curious, though, is that oil prices, having tumbled below $40 earlier this year, went back above $81 a barrel last week, their highest for a year.
There are plenty of possible reasons, such as the continuing fall in the value of the dollar, in which oil is priced, or the piling in of speculators who think a recovery will push up oil prices. Or you could reach for the old chestnut of supply and demand. Demand has fallen a lot, sure, but maybe supply is not what it used to be. Indeed, take a graph of the oil price over the past couple of decades, chop off last year's spike to $150 and this year's plunge to $35 and you can see that oil prices have been on a steady upwards trend for a decade. The question is why?
An excellent new report, Heads in the Sand, released last week by the non-governmental organisation Global Witness – the group that first brought "blood diamonds" to the world's attention – looked in depth at what is happening to the supply of oil. And it is frightening.
The author, Simon Taylor, has spent two years working on this issue, in particular, analysing the forecasts issued late last year by the Paris-based International Energy Agency (IEA), in which it admitted for the first time that world oil supplies were about to start to dwindle just as demand from countries such as India and China is accelerating rapidly. The IEA had previously asserted that oil production would not peak before 2030 at the earliest. Now it thinks we might be very close to that point.
The IEA figures showed there could be a gap of 7m barrels a day between supply and demand by 2015. That represents about 8% of the expected world demand by then, 91m barrels a day. The gap will grow as demand keeps growing. Taylor warns that world supply levelled off between 2005 and 2008, so quite where the new oil is going to come from is unclear.
Taylor takes issue with the IEA's recommendation that the world spend $450bn (yes, a billion) a year looking for new oilfields that may or may not be there and so render its forecasts overoptimistic. He thinks governments should admit they have ignored the problem and don't have a plan B.
Falling production
They certainly need one. Britain's oil production, for example, has already fallen by half in the past decade and the IEA expects production from all other existing oilfields to fall by that amount between now and 2020. It warns that the world needs to find an extra 64m barrels a day of capacity by 2030 – equivalent to six times the current Saudi Arabian production. That seems unlikely given that new oil discoveries peaked in 1965. In 1984 world production overtook new discoveries for the first time.
Taylor also points out that the announcements of "big" discoveries by the oil majors in the past few years do not add up to very much – less than 2m barrels a day – and only if those fields contain as much oil as the companies reckon. But even then they still fall a long way short of replacing the 3.7m barrels a day the world is losing every year.
Many people think Canadian tar sands are going to save us. Well, even the Canadians don't think they can produce more than 3m barrels a day from the tar sands of northern Alberta.
This is nowhere near the scale of the problem, quite apart from the environmental degradation caused by tar sand extraction.
Taylor said the four key issues about oil – declining output, declining discoveries, increasing demand and insufficient projects in the pipeline – have been apparent for at least a decade. It won't surprise you to hear that our own government has done no work on future oil supplies, has no plan and barely acknowledges the problem, despite years of campaigning by, among others, the former oil industry geologist-turned solar power entrepreneur Jeremy Leggett, who has written whole books on the subject of "peak oil".
Renewables 'revolution'
Taylor says governments must move at lightning pace to reduce energy demand through greater efficiency and go hell for leather for renewable energy sources, although he knows it is probably too late to avoid a huge energy crunch within the next decade or so. That annual $450bn the IEA talks of would buy you a lot of renewables such as wind and solar power if it were not being spent chasing ever-harder-to-find oil and gas.
So what chance is there of the authorities moving quickly? Well, Britain's renewables "revolution", which the government loves to talk of, is simply not going to deliver the goods. In mid-October the Department of Energy and Climate Change closed the consultation on the "feed-in tariff" proposal it has been forced to introduce by backbench MPs. Feed-in tariffs have kickstarted renewables in many countries, especially Germany, by offering consumers a healthy price for electricity they feed into the grid.
The energy department will announce its decisions in about a month but, unsurprisingly, officials are aiming low. They want the tariff to offer returns on investment of 5-8%. That's not enough. The Germans get around 10%.
The MP Alan Simpson, appointed by the climate change secretary Ed Miliband to oversee the tariff's introduction, wanted 12% or more to allow the UK to bring about a renewables revolution. But he has been thwarted by officials. "It's designed to fail," he says.
And people who have already invested, and got one of the handful of grants available in recent years, are likely to be worse off under the tariff. This means that early adopters of these technologies, who put their hands in their pockets to the tune of thousands of pounds, will be penalised. You really couldn't make it up. When the oil supply crunch comes, we are in trouble.
ashley.seager@theguardian.com
theguardian.com/business/economics
With Seattle's 41-20 victory over the Minnesota Vikings on Sunday, Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson registered his 21st win since his NFL debut last season. The league record for most wins in a quarterback's first two years is 22.
And the Hawks have five games remaining in the 2013 regular season.
Now tied with Dolphins legend Dan Marino for the second-most wins in NFL history through a quarterback's first two seasons, Wilson still has plenty of chances to break (and surpass) the record. He is just one victory away from tying Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger, who holds the 22-win record.
“Every day my goal is, can I be better than I was yesterday?” Wilson said after Sunday's win. “If I continue to have that mindset — that fresh mindset of, ‘today is a new beginning' — I think that really helps me. There's something that I'm always trying to work on in terms of my craft and to continue to elevate my game. …
“Because I want to be great one day. And to do that, it's an every-day thing. That's what I tell my guys: ‘It's an every-day thing.' To be a champion, it's one of those things that, when you wake up in the morning, that's all you think about.”
The 10-1 Seahawks have their bye this weekend, and will return to the field Dec. 2 for a “Monday Night Football” matchup at CenturyLink Field with Drew Brees and the 8-2 New Orleans Saints — the second-best team in the NFC by record. Seattle then faces the 49ers in San Francisco, the Giants in New York, the Arizona Cardinals in Seattle and the St. Louis Rams for the regular-season finale at home.
Wilson is already squarely in the discussion for NFL MVP this season, up there with front-runners Brees and Peyton Manning. After Wilson's masterful performance Sunday, when he earned a passer rating of 151.4 (out of 158.3), the second-year Seattle quarterback passed San Diego's Philip Rivers and now has the NFL's fourth-best passer rating through 11 weeks this season at 105.1.
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-15', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 15', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-20', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 20', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-25', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 25', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-30', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 30', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-35', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 35', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-37', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 37', target_type: 'mix' });
Photo galleries may not be properly displayed on some mobile devices. If you encounter this issue on our mobile website, please consider switching to the full version.
Visit seattlepi.com for more Seattle news. Contact Nick Eaton at nickeaton@seattlepi.com or @njeaton.
Natural History Museum, London/Science Photo Library
Thousands of years before cats came to dominate Internet culture, they swept through ancient Eurasia and Africa carried by early farmers, ancient mariners and even Vikings, finds the first large-scale look at ancient-cat DNA.
The study, presented at a conference on 15 September, sequenced DNA from more than 200 cats that lived between about 15,000 years ago and the eighteenth century ad.
Researchers know little about cat domestication, and there is active debate over whether the house cat (Felis silvestris) is truly a domestic animal — that is, its behaviour and anatomy are clearly distinct from those of wild relatives. “We don't know the history of ancient cats. We do not know their origin, we don't know how their dispersal occurred,” says Eva-Maria Geigl, an evolutionary geneticist at the Institut Jacques Monod in Paris. She presented the study at the 7th International Symposium on Biomolecular Archaeology in Oxford, UK, along with colleagues Claudio Ottoni and Thierry Grange.
A 9,500-year-old human burial from Cyprus also contained the remains of a cat1. This suggests that the affiliation between people and felines dates at least as far back as the dawn of agriculture, which occurred in the nearby Fertile Crescent beginning around 12,000 years ago. Ancient Egyptians may have tamed wild cats some 6,000 years ago2, and under later Egyptian dynasties, cats were mummified by the million. One of the few previous studies3 of ancient-cat genetics involved mitochondrial DNA (which, contrary to most nuclear DNA, is inherited through the maternal line only) for just three mummified Egyptian cats.
Feline travels
Geigl's team built on those insights, but expanded the approach to a much larger scale. The researchers analysed mitochondrial DNA from the remains of 209 cats from more than 30 archaeological sites across Europe, the Middle East and Africa. The samples dated from the Mesolithic — the period just before the advent of agriculture, when humans lived as hunter–gatherers — up to the eighteenth century.
Cat populations seem to have grown in two waves, the authors found. Middle Eastern wild cats with a particular mitochondrial lineage expanded with early farming communities to the eastern Mediterranean. Geigl suggests that grain stockpiles associated with these early farming communities attracted rodents, which in turn drew wild cats. After seeing the benefit of having cats around, humans might have begun to tame these cats.
Thousands of years later, cats descended from those in Egypt spread rapidly around Eurasia and Africa. A mitochondrial lineage common in Egyptian cat mummies from the end of the fourth century bc to the fourth century ad was also carried by cats in Bulgaria, Turkey and sub-Saharan Africa from around the same time. Sea-faring people probably kept cats to keep rodents in check, says Geigl, whose team also found cat remains with this maternal DNA lineage at a Viking site dating to between the eighth and eleventh century ad in northern Germany.
“There are so many interesting observations” in the study, says Pontus Skoglund, a population geneticist at Harvard Medical School in Boston, Massachusetts. “I didn't even know there were Viking cats.” He was also impressed by the fact that Geigl's team was able to discern real population shifts from mitochondrial DNA, which traces only a single maternal lineage. Nonetheless, Skoglund thinks that nuclear DNA — which provides information about more of an individual's ancestors — could address lingering questions about cat domestication and spread, such as their relationship to wild cats, with which they still interbreed.
Geigl's team also analysed nuclear DNA sequences known to give tabby cats blotched coats, and found that the mutation responsible did not appear until the Medieval period. She hopes to sequence more nuclear DNA from ancient cats. But funding for modern cat genomics is scarce, which is one reason why it lags far behind such research on dogs. By contrast, a team charting dog domestication announced at the Oxford meeting that it is preparing to sequence nuclear DNA from more than 1,000 ancient dogs and wolves.
Geigl disputed this reporter's insinuation that dogs seem to be more popular among researchers than cats. “We can do it, too,” she says. “We just need money.”
Police in Paris have evacuated a camp holding around 1,500 migrants who have been living on the streets of the French capital for weeks.
Either you want to be in France and you request asylum or you don't just come to France Jean-François Carenco Ile-de-France Prefect
Two operations, one for women and children and another for men, were launched on Friday morning on a stretch of pavement between Jaurès and Stalingrad Metro stops just west of Montmartre.
Most were transported to temporary shelters, where they are expected to receive food and medical treatment.
Their future status as refugees will also be assessed. As regional prefect Jean-François Carenco explains:
“We cannot take charge of those who do not want to seek asylum in France. Either you want to be in France and you request asylum or you don't just come to France. Coming to France is something you must want and those who don't want to stay, don't stay. We don't take charge of those who do not seek asylum.”
Most of the people relocated in Friday's operations were from Afghanistan, Eritrea and Sudan and it's thought that many were headed for Calais, in hope of stowing away on a lorry bound for Britain.
According to the Mayor of Paris, several dozen migrants arrive on the streets of the city each day.
An official centre to house migrants for several days and arrange more permanent shelter thereafter is scheduled to open in Paris in mid-October in the hope of taking thousands of people off the streets.
The Syrian civil war has seen the rise of a number of factions claiming a tribal basis. One of the most prominent groups of this sort is Liwa al-Baqir, which is aligned with the regime. Based in Aleppo province, the militia traces its origins in Bekara tribesmen. Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir ("Forces of the Fighters of the Tribes"), the subject of this piece, is another pro-regime militia highlighting a tribal basis, as illustrated by its very name.
An emblem of Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir. On top: "Syrian Arab Republic. The Army and the Armed Forces- Intelligence Branch." On bottom: "Lions of the Jazeera. Forces of the Fighters of the Tribes."
Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir is led by one Sheikh Turki Albu Hamad, who is a member of the political office for the Arab Socialist Movement, which split off from the Ba'ath Party in 1963 but is today part of the National Progressive Front, a coalition of political parties led by the Ba'ath Party. In August 2016, the Arab Socialist Movement's secretary general- Ahmad al-Ahmad- died in Damascus.
Turki Albu Hamad
Another photo of Turki Albu Hamad.
Emblem of the Arab Socialist Movement
Turki Albu Hamad is of particular interest because his name suggests origins in the Albu Hamad tribe of Raqqa province. There is also a village by the name of Albu Hamad in the east of the province. Interestingly, an anti-Shi'i account dating back to 2007 on supposed Shi'i proselytization efforts in Raqqa province claims that the village was entirely Shi'ified thanks to the efforts of someone who went to Lebanon to work and then returned and spread the Shi'i religion in the village. Another account does not quite make such a sweeping assertion but offers a similar narrative, stating: "Among the villages in which some of the people became Shi'a is the village of Albu Hamad, and there were no Shi'a in it originally, but some of those who worked in Lebanon became Shi'a and this affliction was brought over from there."
Commonalities exist between Suleiman al-Shwakh (the leader of the militia Fawj Maghawir al-Badiya) and Turki Albu Hamad. Besides the fact that both are originally from Raqqa, their militias are also both affiliated with the military intelligence. Below is a profile of Turki Albu Hamad and his brother Ahmad Albu Hamad written by SANA correspondent Shahidi Ajeeb in April 2016:
"[I am in the photo] with the two brothers: Sheikh Turki from the Albu Hamad tribe in Raqqa who appears alongside me, and his brother the engineer Ahmad. The two men have fought with the Syrian Arab Army for more than four years after terrorism entered Syria.
The two brothers have participated with 1700 fighters from the sons of the tribes on multiple fronts, and they participated in regaining the Ithiriya-Khanaser route and also fought alongside the army's forces that regained the city of Palmyra and recently they were participating in regaining the locality of al-Qaryatayn in the Homs countryside.
Sheikh Turki- the leader of the fighters of the tribes in Syria- says that he, his brother and his fighters from the Syrian tribes will head to the locality of al-Sukhna with the army to liberate it from the Da'esh [Islamic State] terrorists as there will be 3000 fighters from the rest of the tribes to receive them.
Sheikh Turki affirms that the matter will not stop at the liberation of al-Sukhna in the east Homs countryside, but rather will continue with the sons of the tribes to Deir az-Zor without stopping till his tow of Raqqa that he waits with yearning to enter with the men of the Syrian Arab Army."
Note that Ahmad serves as the military commander for Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir. He should not be confused with another Ahmad of the Albu Hamad tribe, who was executed by the Islamic State alongside an Ali of this same tribe in August 2014. Both men had been serving in the National Defence Forces of Deir az-Zor province, and in revenge for their deaths Turki Albu Hamad is said to have beheaded two Islamic State members. A photo exists showing Turki Albu Hamad holding two severed heads.
An assault to retake the town of al-Sukhna in the northeast Homs desert- as implied in Shahidi Ajeeb's profile- did not quite materialise. While there should be no doubt that retaking al-Sukhna and connecting with the Deir az-Zor holdings via a land route are important goals for the regime, attention in 2016 was primarily directed towards recapturing the entirety of Aleppo city: operations in which Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir actively participated, including both the encirclement of rebel-held east Aleppo city and the final assaults that retook those eastern neighbourhoods.
Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir insignia on a vehicle: "The Intelligence Branch: Muqatili al-Asha'ir."
Certificate of commendation for Turki Albu Hamad granted earlier this year by Zayd Ali Saleh, head of the security and military committee in Aleppo, for "excellent cooperation in combat operations." Note also the description of Zayd Ali Saleh as head of the 30infantry division in the Republican Guard.
Here, a side-note on Saleh and his position as head of the 30th infantry division in the Republican Guard is necessary. This division is apparently a new creation, set up by order of the General Command for the Army and the Armed Forces in late January 2017 with Saleh appointed as its head. Saleh has also served as the deputy head of the Republican Guard, having been appointed to the position in January 2016, and in August 2016 he became head of Aleppo's security committee.
The idea behind this new 30th division seems to be that all formations operating on the ground in Aleppo province should have an affiliation with it: i.e. should be subjected to Saleh's command. Saleh has issued multiple decrees in the hope of dealing with real and potential problems caused by militias in Aleppo since the full recapture of the city. For example, in February 2017, he issued a statement to "all military, security, police, and auxiliary units (the friends)" warning against confiscation of transferred food goods as well as warning against detaining those who had evaded or deserted military service until 8 March 2017 as the deadline for taswiyat al-wad' ("sorting out of affairs") for such persons.
In March 2017, he issued another statement to all forces in Aleppo, announcing new regulations in light of "acts of theft, plunder, stealing and attacks on public property, the freedoms of citizens and their private property." The statement ordered in particular for the Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir contingent of 500 fighters to be transferred east from Aleppo city to the al-Khafsa area and the water pumping station there by the Euphrates River, towards which the Syrian army and its allies (including Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir) had been advancing, partly to regain control of a crucial resource from the Islamic State but also to block further advances for Turkey's Euphrates Shield project. More generally, Saleh's statement ordered for the auxiliary factions' leadership bases to be transferred to an appropriate place. Yet Saleh also issued a follow-up clarification affirming his praise for Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir in particular.
The recruitment basis and geographical spread of operations appear to be diverse, with contingents and deployments ranging from Aleppo and Hama to the eastern regions, including Qamishli and Deir az-Zor. In an interview with Russia Today's Arabic channel in June 2016, Turki Albu Hamad seemed to affirm that most of the recruits were from the wider eastern region of Syria. In any case, the gaining of new recruits has been advertised by Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir in media, as was the case with a new contingent of recruits from the Homs province locality of Maran al-Fawa'ira advertised in September 2016. The recruitment occurred following the recapture of the area and taswiyat al-wad' for the relevant persons.
In at least one other instance though, recruitment has proved to be more controversial. In June 2016, a story emerged of a number of youth from the primarily Druze province of Suwayda' who had joined Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir. They had reportedly joined the group on the (monthly) basis of a salary of 110,000 Syrian pounds and a schedule of 20 days of work and 10 days of leave. This Suwayda'-origin contingent for Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir went by the name of Bayraq al-Suwayda' and took part in fighting in the wider Palmyra area in the direction towards al-Sukhna, losing at least 3 fighters in the process. However, as the recruitment promises had not been kept, the group decided to abandon Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir, but they were detained under threat of arms at the hands of Turki Albu Hamad's group, prompting an intervention from the Suwayda' National Defence Forces' head Rashid Saloum to bring the fighters back to their home province in two buses.
The existence of Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir raises broader analytical points. Contrary to the long-standing assumption that the regime's interest has only been in western Syria (also called "useful" Syria), militias under the command of persons from places like Raqqa province with recruits from wider eastern Syria do point to a regime interest in reclaiming those areas, which constitute important economic holdings anyway. It seems likely that there will be attempts to bolster the likes of Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir and Fawj Maghawir al-Badiya as regime pushes towards the east intensify. The Russians seem to have been particularly keen from the outset to promote these groups, whose affiliations are to intelligence agencies. Indeed, the Russians have bestowed awards on both Turki Albu Hamad and his brother Ahmad Albu Hamad, just as they bestowed an award on Suleiman al-Shwakh. Turki Albu Hamad in particular seems to have tight and friendly relations with the Russians.
In short, expect Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir and similar groups to come to greater prominence once the regime's campaigns for Raqqa province, Deir az-Zor province and the remaining areas of the Homs desert are at the forefront of operations.
------------------------------
(Update 3 May 2018): Subsequent accounts of Turki Albuhamad describe him as being part of the Albu Sha'aban tribe (cf. this pro-opposition article noted by Elizabeth Tsurkov). The Albuhamad part of his name more specifically refers to his origin from the village of Albuhamad in Raqqa. For example, note this important interview with him from last year by Sputnik, which describes him as a "sheikh of the Albu Sha'aban tribe." Notable highlights of the interview:
- Besides owning agricultural lands, he also worked in the business of car dealership with his cousins. He says he was in his village of Albuhamad when the insurgents first entered. They took his cars and began looking for him. Thus, along with some family members, he left for Deir az-Zor province, and with the Islamic State takeover of most of Raqqa province in 2014, his house was blown up after being emptied of its possessions.
- After entering Deir az-Zor, he set up Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir, initially with 200 fighters from the Albuhamad tribe, conducting operations with division of personnel into contingents of 25 fighters each. Disguising themselves as insurgents, they would kidnap members of insurgent factions and hand them over to the security apparatuses.
- Turki Albuhamad was then sent to Damascus while his fighters stayed in Deir az-Zor. From there he was sent to Homs to set up another force of tribal fighters. With this force, he participated in the battles to retake Palmyra from the Islamic State as well as battles in the al-Qaryatayn and Mahin. His group also participated in the battle to recapture Aleppo city from the rebels. He subsequently sent a force of 300 fighters in coordination with the Russians to participate in the second battle to recapture Palmyra (the Islamic State had recaptured Palmyra in December 2016).
- He set up another force to participate in the campaign to push towards al-Tanf in 2017.
- Claimed Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir has around 5000 fighters, receiving training from both the Russians and Hezbollah, with arming and financing coming from the Russians and Syrian army in addition to self-funding. The Syrian army at the current time, he says, does not have the capacity to conduct training operations.
- Turki has seven children, the oldest of whom leads the machine gun squadrons in Quwat Muqatili al-Asha'ir.
- He claims to have very good relations with the Russians, who have bestowed on him 15 honours, in addition to an honorary doctorate in military sciences.
The order comes nearly three years after officials banned openly carried weapons in the House and Senate public viewing areas, as well as the public hearing rooms at the Capitol's legislative office buildings.
OLYMPIA — All firearms will be banned from the public galleries above the Washington Senate floor once the legislative session begins in January, under an order issued Monday by Lt. Gov. Cyrus Habib.
Habib, a Democrat who serves as the presiding officer of the chamber, told The Associated Press and Northwest News Network that his goal is to create a safer environment for all working in the Senate.
The move comes nearly three years after officials decided to ban openly carried weapons in the House and Senate public viewing areas, as well as the public hearing rooms at the Capitol's legislative office buildings.
Habib's order expands that rule to include those carrying concealed weapons with permits. For now, the rule is limited just to the public galleries in the Senate and doesn't include the committee rooms. The rule also doesn't cover the House, which would need to take its own action if officials there wanted to follow suit.
“I don't want us to be implementing this type of order the day after some type of tragedy,” Habib said. “I want to be doing it pre-emptively and in a way that's respectful.”
Habib said that at this point there's no plan for metal detectors outside of the galleries or storage lockers for people to store their gun, though in a letter sent Monday to the chamber's sergeant at arms, he asked for logistical and costs factors related to metal detectors by the start of the next session.
Visitors to the Capitol now do not need to go through any screening to enter the building.
Under the order, which will be enforced starting Jan. 8, overcoats or large bags that could be used to conceal firearms into the galleries will also be prohibited in the public viewing area, and there will be increased vigilance by security prior to and during Senate floor sessions. Habib said that while his main concern is about assault weapons being hidden and brought into the galleries, the order applies to all firearms.
“The message to members of the public is that — as in the case in countless government buildings around the country, including most statehouses, courthouses all over the place — this is a particular setting where it's not deemed safe to have weapons,” he said. “This is in no way a statement about those individual's lawful ability to bear arms.”
According to the National Conference of State Legislatures, 10 states — including Washington — are “open carry” and allow guns in their statehouse buildings, 13 allow guns with a permit, and three permit only legislators to carry guns in the building.
Openly carried weapons are still allowed in the main public areas of the Washington Capitol and on the grounds of the Capitol campus.
By Philip Pilkington, a writer and research assistant at Kingston University in London. You can follow him on Twitter @pilkingtonphil. Cross posted from Fixing the Economists
I'll never forget the reaction of a scientist I once met, a chemist who had transitioned into corporate management, when I told her that I was an economist. “Oh,” she said, “so you'd know something about corporations and how they structure scientific research then, right?” I was somewhat surprised at the question as it's one that I've literally never been asked before. I said that I knew a little bit about it and asked her why she was so curious.
“Well,” she said, “one of the reasons I went from being a researcher to being a corporate manager was because I wanted to know what on earth was going on with scientific research in these places.” I asked her if she had any success. She replied in the negative, she just couldn't get her head around it, but she said to me that her impression was that Western countries were having serious problems while China seemed to be developing in a positive direction at a rapid pace.
As I spoke to her about it the problems became obvious; and they were exactly what I expected them to be. China had massive amounts of state-intervention in the way they allowed corporations to pursue R & D, while Western countries had a far more laissez-fairre attitude. In China knowledge was seen as a public good and the government took the attitude that corporations had a certain amount of responsibility in producing knowledge for the public at large; if you were a corporation and wanted to benefit from what China had to offer you had to make a contribution to society at large. In the West however, where the ideology of the market reigned, the corporations called the shots.
In what follows I will lay out a brief periodisation of the regimes of science that dominated in the US over the course of the 20th century. In doing so I draw on the third chapter of Philip Mirowski's excellent book Science-Mart. Finally, I will consider what role economists play in our current regime and try to answer the question as to why my chemist friend was so befuddled.
Regime I (1890-1939)
The first regime of science dominated between around 1890 and the beginning of the Second World War (1939). Mirowski calls it, using a phrase borrowed from Thorstein Veblen, the ‘Captains of Erudition' regime. The backdrop of this regime was the emergence of the great corporate merger movement that came at the end of the Long Depression and the deflation that came after it (1873-1896). During this period of deflation firms tended to gobble each other up, presumably as the excesses of the prior boom, which was based mainly on railroad speculation, unwound.
As the corporations formed into ever more concentrated units their legal status began to become more solidified in the laws of the time with access to patents being an extremely important prerequisite for this regime of science. This, combined with their increased size and access to financial capital, led to the proliferation of in-house R & D labs. But these labs were less interested in producing novel gadgetry. Rather they were geared toward market control.
In the wake of the deflation US lawmakers knew well the dangers of cartels and trusts as it was these that had led to the “robber baron” boom era that precipitated the depression. Thus even though this was the time in which the US corporation began its first steps to maturity it was also a time of strongly enforced anti-trust laws. The corporations turned instead to patents in particular and intellectual property rights in general to try to control their market share and ensure that competition was adequately suppressed.
The academy, on the other hand, was not so concerned with the new in-house R & D departments. This was the era when American universities favoured mainly a liberal arts education regime. Although in the later period of this era corporate funding would begin to leak into the university it was more or less a philanthropic exercise and was not so interested in gaining control over what went on in universities per se.
Regime II (1939-1980)
The second regime of science arose during and after the Second World War. Mirowski refers to it as the ‘Cold War' regime. During the war it was quickly recognised that science could play a significant role in giving the US a tactical advantage over its military enemies — the Manhattan Project and the production of the atomic bomb being the most obvious manifestation of this. Thus the military became the main agent funding R & D in the sciences.
This was not exactly a state-controlled regime of science, at least not in the centralised manner that emerged in the Soviet Union. Rather it was decentalised in that purpose-built corporate research institutions came into being that were plugged directly in Federal government funding and worked closely with the military — think, in this regard, of the infamous RAND Corporation or Bell Laboratories. Some universities, most notably MIT, also became closely tied up with the military in these years.
In this period military funding became a sort of de facto industrial policy in the US and intellectual property rights were weakened so that technology could flow more freely through the economic system. This latter point may seem surprising but it actually made a good deal of sense at the time. Only a small amount of research carried out created material that was required to be classified and the military strategists wanted to ensure that they did not come to rely on a single contractor because in the case of nuclear war this could prove massively problematic for the mobilisation of the US war machine.
In addition to this research was less commercialised. The military in its contracts were more inclined to leave the scientists to their own devices and this encouraged them to follow paths of research with no immediate purpose but which might pay off in a big way down the line in some unanticipated way. Again, the promotion of this by the military must be interpreted in the context that they thought it would eventually give them an edge over their enemies.
Notably also in this period, peer review was a somewhat secondary manner of controlling scientific output. The primary control mechanism was direct intervention by the military who effectively rubber-stamped projects or rejected them. This system gave rise, somewhat paradoxically, to a good deal of openness as scientists felt at ease proposing grandiose visions to their managers while universities felt no immediate pressure to put the squeeze on their professors and researchers.
Regime III (1980-Present)
The third regime seems to many to have come into being with the fall of the Berlin wall. In actual fact, however, it is less tied up with the end of the Cold War as it is with the new age of globalisation. For this reason Mirowski calls it the ‘Globalised Privatisation' regime.
This regime is characterised by corporations outsourcing their R & D to external micro-labs and university departments. The funding that flows therefrom is then used to control what the researchers do. This is a carrot and stick approach. Where the military contractors dumped vast amounts of Federal money on research institutions with more long-term goals in mind, corporations are far more interested in immediate results. Thus research should be tightly controlled and monitored.
A key component of this regime is the weakening of anti-trust legislation and the enforcement of intellectual property rights. But according to Mirowski this is not the actual cause of the privatisation of the university and the commodification of knowledge; these are more so to be seen as catalysts speeding up the process. Rather the cause is to be found in the fact that corporations were given ample scope to offshore and outsource. This removed their previous ties to their domestic nation-state in a way that fundamentally undermined the existing structure of the university. Mirowski writes,
It is access to lower-wage labor in the context of an academic infrastructure, disengaged from any corporate obligations to provide ongoing structural support for local educational infrastructure, that explains the shift in research funding to countries like China, India, Brazil, and the Czech Republic. (p127)
The university then tries desperately to counteract this exodus by engaging in various cost-cutting exercises — which typically end up being simply an expansion of a redundant and intrusive management bureaucracy — and attempting to line up their research agendas with what corporations desire. It is thus that outsourcing and globalisation lead to the privatisation of the environment of the university; one that is so obvious to anyone working in or around these institutions today that it need barely even be mentioned as more than fundamental truth of everyday life.
The High Priests of the New Regime
The ideology used to justify this shift — provided, of course, by the economics profession — is one that we are all familiar with. What has supposedly been created is a sort of global ‘market for knowledge'. What some interpret as a rigid system of control stifling creativity and enforcing short-sightedness is glorified as being the most ‘efficient' use of resources. Queue some dim marginalist argument by some brainwashed functionary wherein something called a ‘market' distributes knowledge in some ‘Pareto optimal' fashion.
Yes that's right, the economists serve as the handmaidens of the new regime with their silly models and their nonsense being peddled to corporate managers in training who, once they leave the classroom and provided they do not completely lack critical faculties, become deeply confused about what on earth is going on.
“Why is China doing so well when their approaches seem so at odds with the diagrams they showed me in business school?” the curious corporate manager will ask themselves. But they will not receive an answer as the vast majority of people who are being paid to inform them as to what is going on are playing with stupid models completely detached from the real world.
Even those social scientists who try to extricate themselves from the regime find it difficult because universities and other institutions that provide funding try to push for more ‘scientific' methodology in order to ensure (supposedly) that they are getting adequate bang for their buck. What this means in practice is usually rather straightforward: more maths, less critical reasoning. And what this leads to is a whole host of unreadable garbage studies with no real relevance but whose so-called ‘results' can be dropped on the media outlets to give punters some immediate gratification. (“Did you know that sex is 78.6% better for people who recycle fruit skins and manage their budgets in an optimal manner?”… and so forth).
Welcome to the new Dark Age folks, where researchers' scopes are narrowed to an altogether dangerous degree while those who acts as priests of the system busy themselves with constructions that can only be compared to the more unwieldy of the theological systems put together by the Scholastics in the Middle Ages. Welcome to the regime of globalised privatisation.
World newsprint This TEPCO Quietly Admits Reactor 3 Could Be Melting Down - NOW By Susanne Posel, Occupy Corporatism
According to the report: “Persons residing on the west coast of North America should IMMEDIATELY begin preparing for another possible onslaught of dangerous atmospheric radiation from the Fukushima nuclear disaster site in Japan.”
TEPCO has confirmed that via camera surveillance, that steam has begun to pour from Reactor 3, although they have “not been identified abnormal plant conditions.”
TEPCO are reporting that “radioactive steam has suddenly begun emanating from previously exploded nuclear reactor building #3 at the Fukuishima disaster site in Japan.”
The corporation is not clear on the details of the sudden change at Reactor 3 because of “lethal radiation levels in that building.”
Summations from experts conclude that this may “be the beginning of a ‘spent fuel pool criticality (meltdown)' involving up to 89 TONS of nuclear fuel burning up into the atmosphere and heading to North America.”
Steam has been viewed coming from Reactor 3.
Educated guesses suggest that the steam is “coming from what's left of the fifth floor of the mostly-destroyed building.”
TEPCO has admitted that “they do not know why this steam is being generated, but matter-of-factly revealed today (December 28) the steam was first spotted on December 19 for a short period of time, then again on December 24 and again on December 25.”
The accord is that “pellets of radioactive fuel, ejected when the reactor exploded, went into the spent fuel pool located above the reactor and have begun melting down so seriously they are boiling off the water in the spent fuel pool.”
Should this be the case “the situation could escalate rapidly out of control.”
TRN is warning of preparatory measures that should be taken by those living on the West Coast of America because after the “releasing 89 tons of deadly radioactive fuel directly into the air”, it would be a matter or 2 to 3 days before the deadly material would fry North America “by [the] levels of airborne radiation and ‘hot particles' which could kill.”
Source URL
Turner Radio Network (TRN) has issued a report regarding Fukushima Diachi Nuclear Plant that is expected to affect the entire Northern Hemisphere.According to the report: “Persons residing on the west coast of North America should IMMEDIATELY begin preparing for another possible onslaught of dangerous atmospheric radiation from the Fukushima nuclear disaster site in Japan.”TEPCO has confirmed that via camera surveillance, that steam has begun to pour from Reactor 3, although they have “not been identified abnormal plant conditions.”TEPCO are reporting that “radioactive steam has suddenly begun emanating from previously exploded nuclear reactor building #3 at the Fukuishima disaster site in Japan.”The corporation is not clear on the details of the sudden change at Reactor 3 because of “lethal radiation levels in that building.”Summations from experts conclude that this may “be the beginning of a ‘spent fuel pool criticality (meltdown)' involving up to 89 TONS of nuclear fuel burning up into the atmosphere and heading to North America.”Steam has been viewed coming from Reactor 3.Educated guesses suggest that the steam is “coming from what's left of the fifth floor of the mostly-destroyed building.”TEPCO has admitted that “they do not know why this steam is being generated, but matter-of-factly revealed today (December 28) the steam was first spotted on December 19 for a short period of time, then again on December 24 and again on December 25.”The accord is that “pellets of radioactive fuel, ejected when the reactor exploded, went into the spent fuel pool located above the reactor and have begun melting down so seriously they are boiling off the water in the spent fuel pool.”Should this be the case “the situation could escalate rapidly out of control.”TRN is warning of preparatory measures that should be taken by those living on the West Coast of America because after the “releasing 89 tons of deadly radioactive fuel directly into the air”, it would be a matter or 2 to 3 days before the deadly material would fry North America “by [the] levels of airborne radiation and ‘hot particles' which could kill.” Print This Make a Donation! Donate here If you appreciated this article, please consider making a donation to Axis of Logic. We do not use commercial advertising or corporate funding. We depend solely upon you, the reader, to continue providing quality news and opinion on world affairs.
---
!
The International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas (ICCAT) is an intergovernmental organization responsible for the management and conservation of tuna and tuna-like species in the Atlantic Ocean and adjacent seas.[1] The organization was established in 1966, at a conference in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and operates in English, French and Spanish. The organisation has been strongly criticised by scientists for its repeated failure to conserve the sustainability of the tuna fishery by consistently supporting over-fishing – an internal review branded ICCAT's policies on the eastern Atlantic bluefin tuna fishery a "travesty of fisheries management", and an "international disgrace".[2] Conservationists often refer to ICCAT as "The International Conspiracy to Catch All Tuna".[3]
However, in recent years the organization seems to be turning around. For the most iconic species within its management, the Eastern Bluefin Tuna, a very strict recovery plan was adopted. It is too early to judge its final outcome, but initial indications are encouraging. In general, ICCAT contracting parties seem to have agreed to steer the organization into a direction of relying on sound science, insisting on compliance and following a good governance model.
Species under management [ edit ]
Tuna and tuna-like fishes are highly migratory, and stocks cross numerous international boundaries. ICCAT is involved in management of 30 species, including the Atlantic bluefin (Thunnus thynnus thynnus), yellowfin (T. albacares), albacore (T. alalunga) and bigeye tuna (T. obesus); from the billfishes, swordfish (Xiphias gladius), white marlin (Tetrapturus albidus), blue marlin (Makaira nigricans), sailfish (Istiophorus albicans); mackerels such as spotted Spanish mackerel (Scomberomorus maculatus) and king mackerel (S. cavalla); and, small tunas like skipjack tuna (Katsuwonus pelamis).
Work carried out by the ICCAT [ edit ]
Scientists participating in ICCAT carry out studies on biometry, fisheries ecology, and oceanography, focusing on the effects of fishing on tuna stock abundance. They also collect and analyse fisheries statistics which are relative to conditions the management of resources. ICCAT is also involved in work on data for other fish species that are caught during tuna fishing ("bycatch" - principally sharks) in the Atlantic and surrounding area, and which are not investigated by another international fishery organization.
Based on scientific and other information, such as fishery statistics and stock assessments provided by members, each year the Commission decides on conservation and management measures aimed at maintaining target stocks at levels that permit the maximum sustainable catch for food and other purposes.
Criticism [ edit ]
ICCAT is widely criticised by environmental bodies for having short-term policies that favour fisherman over the long-term conservation of the species. [4][5]
In November 2008, ICCAT ignored the advice of their scientists that quotas should not exceed 15,000 tonnes per year – which had been determined as the maximum sustainable yield – and instead set quotas at 22,000 tonnes.[6] An independent review of ICCAT, commissioned by the organisation themselves, concluded that their policies on the eastern Atlantic bluefin tuna fishery are a "travesty of fisheries management", and an "international disgrace".[2] Dr Sergi Tudela, head of WWF Mediterranean's fisheries programme, said "Today's outcome is a recipe for economic as well as biological bankruptcy with the European Union squarely to blame. ICCAT's string of successive failures leaves us little option now but to seek effective remedies through trade measures and extending the boycott of retailers, restaurants, chefs and consumers".[7]
In November 2009, ICCAT's scientific advisors announced that a total ban on international trade in Atlantic tuna was justified, based on the decline in the tuna fishery population to less than 15% of its original size.[8] However, later in the same month, ICCAT recommended catch quotas of 13,500 tonnes per year. This was met by sharp criticisms from environmental organisations, and prompted calls for alternative methods to regulate Atlantic tuna fisheries, such as protection under CITES. Susan Lieberman, Director of International Policy for the Pew Environment Group said
Since its inception, the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas has been driven by short-term commercial fishing interests, not the conservation ethic implied by its name....ICCAT's actions and inactions highlight the need to take these issues to CITES—the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species. The ICCAT fisheries managers have shown scant interest in the long-term preservation of the key resources they are supposed to manage. It is now time to turn to other bodies to seek the needed protections that ICCAT has failed to provide.[9]
The US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) released a statement with strongly worded criticism, saying that the new agreement was "a marked improvement over the current rules, but it is insufficient to guarantee the long-term viability of either the fish or the fishery".[10]
Recent Developments [ edit ]
In recent years ICCAT adopted a draconic recovery plan for Eastern Bluefin Tuna, which led to the reduction of the total allowable catches from 27,500 in 2007 to 13,400 tons in 2014.
Apart from reduced total allowable catches, the recovery plan also introduced strict monitoring, reporting and control measures Over the years the plan seemed to produce results and recently earlier critics have welcome the plan and the action undertaken by ICCAT.
In November 2012 Susan Lieberman, international policy director of Pew Environment Group stated that "It is encouraging that ICCAT listened to the recommendations of its own scientists and agreed to keep catch limits for bluefin tuna within their advice. This decision will give this depleted species a fighting chance to continue on the path to recovery after decades of overfishing and mismanagement". [11]
In November 2013 Dr Sergi Tudela, Head of Fisheries at WWF Mediterranean said: “WWF congratulates ICCAT member countries for sticking to science again this year regarding bluefin tuna quotas in the East Atlantic and Mediterranean. This is a good sign for the credibility of ICCAT. However, failure to address countries' failure to comply with rules remains an issue of grave concern”. [12]
The Canadian Press
The wind was fierce and the waves were surging on Josephine Vibert's wedding day, 70 years ago in Longue-Pointe-de-Mingan, a small fishing village on Quebec's north shore.
In 1942, the village became the site of an emergency airstrip on the U.S. military's so-called "Crimson Route," a strategic air corridor to Europe through Maine and Newfoundland.
Late in the afternoon on Nov. 2, 1942, not long before the wedding reception, Vibert and most of the village stopped to watch a U.S. Army seaplane taxi from the harbour.
But the plane -- a PBY Catalina -- struggled to clear the water. Vibert recalls the towering waves of the Gulf lashing at the cockpit during its second take-off attempt.
"I counted five waves, but there may have been more," she says from her home, still in Longue-Pointe-de-Mingan. "After the last one, water started entering their plane."
The town's fishermen braved the frothing waters to find four crew members clinging to the fuselage.
Just moments after the survivors were hauled aboard the local fishing boats, the plane, along with the five remaining crew members, slipped beneath waves, never to be seen again.
That is until 2009, when underground divers from Parks Canada found the barnacled, upside-down fuselage of the Catalina some 40 meters below the surface.
"We worked from shore until we hit the plane," said Marc-Andre Bernier, the chief underwater archeologist for Parks Canada.
"When we actually saw that the fuselage was in one piece, we immediately stopped operations and contacted the American authorities."
With the prospect of the remains of American soldiers inside, Canadian officials contacted a joint civilian-military unit in the U.S. that specializes in the identification of citizens lost in war.
Earlier this month the Joint POW/MIA Accounting Command (JPAC) dispatched a 50-person team to investigate the site. They arrived on a 78-meter salvage ship, the USNS Grapple. Their 30-day mission is close to wrapping up.
Divers have already found what appear to be the remains of the missing airmen, which will be sent to a DNA lab for identification.
But they have also found a trove of artifacts so perfectly preserved they might have been taken from a time warp.
From the floor of the Gulf, divers managed to find a Listerine bottle intact, complete with air bubbles and something resembling its original scent.
They also discovered film negatives, aviator glasses and, perhaps most remarkably, paper believed to be from the crew's log.
Bernier says a number of conditions combined to keep so many of the objects in good condition, including near-freezing waters and a depth which allows for little oxygen and light to reach the wreckage.
"To find, intact, a plane from the Second World War underwater is already something remarkable," he told reporters who visited the Grapple last week.
"It's an oasis, an underwater receptacle because lots of organisms have attached themselves to the plane."
He added that finding the personal artifacts of the airmen was "like diving back into time."
For the moment, there are no plans to raise the fuselage itself. JPAC's mandate is limited to recovering items associated with the individual airmen who went down with the plane.
"To be able to do this and bring some closure to families is pretty rewarding," said Stefan Claesson, a forensic archaeologist aboard the Grapple.
"As long as we find one remain it's a success for us. And in this case we have a significant number of remains to bring back home, so that's very exciting."
The salvage mission off the coast of Longue-Pointe-de-Mingan has created a stir among the village's older residents -- some of whom, like Vibert, still vividly remember that November day in 1942.
Up until then, Vibert says, the war had been a largely positive experience for the residents of Longue-Pointe-de-Mingan.
"Everyone had a job, everyone was happy," she said during a phone interview with The Canadian Press. "We only had one paved road then, and the American soldiers would parade down it."
Since the Grapple arrived in early July, she has kept a close eye on its movements from the shore.
Two of her brothers disappeared during a plane trip over Gulf waters during the 1950s, their bodies never found. Because of that, she says she understands the desire to bring closure to the families of the missing airmen.
AUGUSTA, Maine — Two legislative committees have rejected two proposals by Gov. Paul LePage to create a total of $1.3 million in legal defense funds.
On Monday, the Legislature's Education and Cultural Affairs Committee voted 10-2 against a $1 million provision in LePage's biennial budget proposal which would have taken money from general purpose aid for education to create a legal defense fund for the state Board of Education, the Department of Education and the Maine Charter School Commission.
On Tuesday, the Legislature's Judiciary Committee voted 7-6 against another LePage proposal to set aside $300,000 for legal defense of the governor's office, according to the committee's analyst.
The votes essentially constitute recommendations to the budget-writing Appropriations Committee, which has final say on the two-year spending package it will eventually forward to the full Legislature.
“State resources are scarce enough,” said Rep. Bruce MacDonald, D-Boothbay, who chairs the Education Committee. “We should be putting money into our classrooms and not giving it to lawyers.”
Sen. Rebecca Millett, D-Cape Elizabeth, Senate chairwoman of the Education Committee, agreed, according to a statement released Monday.
“The bipartisan vote today is a clear statement that the Education Committee doesn't accept the administration's argument that these funds are necessary or are best allocated to unknown phantom legal costs,” said Millett.
Adrienne Bennett, a spokeswoman for LePage, said Tuesday that LePage attempted to set up the $1 million fund to protect Maine's 2-year-old law that allows the creation of charter schools.
“We all agree that money is better spent in the classroom than in the courtroom,” said Bennett. “We are only compelled to go this route because public dollars are currently being spent to challenge charter schools.”
Bennett and Attorney General Janet Mills both said Tuesday that they are unaware of any lawsuits pending against the Board of Education, the Department of Education or the Maine Charter School Commission. However, Bennett provided a copy of testimony delivered to the Education Committee on April 1 by Superintendent Kenneth Coville of RSU 74 in Somerset County. In the written testimony, Coville argues that the state's charter school law is inconsistent with Maine's constitution.
Lisa Grover, senior director of state advocacy for the National Alliance for Public Charter Schools, said Tuesday that lawsuits against charter schools or the laws that make them possible — as well as lawsuits levied by charter schools themselves — are not uncommon. She said there was a rash of lawsuits in the mid-1990s when many states were implementing charter school laws. Grover said those suits “were all beaten back.” A second wave of lawsuits came about a decade later than charter schools began to contest their funding formulas.
“The charter schools tended to win those lawsuits around the funding piece,” said Grover.
Last year in Georgia, according to Grover, the state supreme court ruled that the state's charter commission was not constitutional, but voters later changed the Georgia constitution to uphold the commission's authority.
Grover said her organization views Maine's law as one of the top two in the country because of its similarity to what she called the “model charter school law.”
“I often give other states a copy of Maine's law and say, ‘If you really want to do it right, here's a law I suggest you write,” she said. “It's seen as a model for the country. Out of all the laws in the country there are no perfect laws.”
In a separate matter, Judiciary Committee members voted 7-6 Tuesday against a provision in the budget proposal that would have transferred $300,000 “from the attorney general program to the office of the governor for legal contingencies in which the attorney general declines to represent the state,” according to the biennial budget document.
The vote was along party lines except for Rep. Stephen Moriarty, D-Cumberland, who voted with Republicans in the minority, according to Judiciary Committee analyst Margaret Reinsch.
“The attorney general represents the state and governor regardless of political party,” said Rep. Charles Priest, D-Brunswick, House chairman of the Judiciary Committee, in a prepared statement. “The governor's budget proposal to cut funds from that office undercuts the law and is completely unnecessary.”
Bennett declined to provide details about what the fund would cover. Mills said Tuesday afternoon that she didn't know what the genesis of either legal fund proposal was.
“Nobody from the governor's office was at the committee to justify this transfer,” said Mills, who added that the lost funding could have severe consequences on her office's ability to function. “Nobody has talked to me about either of these proposals. We work with all the agencies in the state, including the governor's office, to the best of our ability.”
Mills said that according to statute, the attorney general must personally approve the hiring of private attorneys or legal experts on behalf of any state agency.
SCP-363
Item #: SCP-363
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-363 specimens are contained in a 2 m x 2 m x 2 m room that is to be constantly illuminated by high-powered lighting. This lighting must be connected to multiple redundant power sources, and in case of total system failure, Mobile Task Force Eta-Seven is to be dispatched to assess the threat.
SCP-363 is to be fed twenty (20) lab mice, administered once every forty-eight (48) hours.
Description: Ostensibly, SCP-363 are identical to Scolopendra gigantea, or the Amazonian giant centipede. Dietary needs are identical, and DNA inspection has proven no dissimilarities to normal S. gigantea.
SCP-363 is, under normal circumstances, the appropriate size for S. gigantea. In darkness, (darkness defined here as any level of light under 2 lux) which it actively seeks out, however, SCP-363 will grow rapidly and erratically, to sizes up to and exceeding 10 m x 2 m. SCP-363 does not retain the form of a centipede under these conditions. So far, reports have documented: proboscises, tentacles, highly elongated mandibles, an inconsistent number of eyes and legs, and, in one case, [DATA EXPUNGED]. SCP-363 will revert back to normal size and appearance after 2-3 hours of illumination of a level of at least 50 lux.
SCP-363 will attack any animal emitting body heat, and appears to be able to detect and hunt in total darkness. It is assumed it uses other senses to hunt, with vision in a secondary position.
Reproductive cycle of SCP-363 is similar to that of normal S. gigantea, with one difference. Rather than in a cluster of leaves and dirt, eggs are laid and fertilized in the █████ cavity of paralyzed [DATA EXPUNGED], followed by death.
Addendum 1: Note from Dr. Skalder: We've determined that fire seems to scare or ward off SCP-363. In light of this, we have equipped three of the members of MTF Eta-Seven, "Creepy Crawlies", with military-issue M2A1-7 flamethrowers.
Addendum 2: Incident report of breach.
Document# 363-Alpha: Breach 1 Personnel involved: MTF-Eta-7 Date: 21-5-2003 Location: Site-██ Description: Attempted retrieval of SCP-363 specimen during power failure/containment breach. <Start of audio log> MTF Eta-7 Commander Johnson: Perts, any word from Technical on (distortion) cameras?
Contactsman Perts: No dice, commander. Complete equipment failure throughout the sector.
C. Johnson: Alright. Night-vision on, motion-sensors go. Fredmann, McShaugn, Aidelare, report to rendezvous point.
Lieutenant McShaugn: Copy that, commander. Sub-team Hornet coming in, over.
C. Johnson: Sub-team Wasp, come in.
(Radio silence)
C. Johnson: Wasp, do you copy? Over.
Unknown: (Shouting) Jesus Christ almighty, torch that ███████- (signal cuts out)
C. Johnson: Damn it. O'Denn? O'Denn, can you hear me? What is your position? Over.
Lieutenant O'Denn: Outside of Lab 8. We found it, sir. It's holed up in there. It got De Aunaign. Over.
C. Johnson: Casualty?
L. O'Denn: Mangled leg, sir. We scared the ██████ in there with the flamethrower, don't think it's coming out. Are they fixing the power yet? Over.
C. Johnson: Forget about that, O'Denn. Tell Von Hower to keep his flamer trained on the door. Hornet, can you hear me? Over.
L. McShaugn: Loud and clear, sir.
C. Johnson: Forget the rendezvous. Relocate to Lab 8, don't engage yet. Copy?
L. McShaugn: Going (interrupted by loud noise) ████ my grandmother! What was that?! Aidelare, do you see anything?! Over!
Flamer Aidelare: (Extensive swearing) There's another one of those ███████ in here! Second containment breach, commander!
C. Johnson: Has it seen you? Over.
F. Aidelare: I don't reckon, sir.
C. Johnson: Good. Try to keep it that way. Perts, how many of those things did they keep in here?
C.M Perts: (Relays question to contact.) Eight, sir.
C. Johnson: Good God. Okay, tell 'em "████ the preservation and detonate the gas charges".
C.M Perts: They uh, they can't, sir.
C. Johnson: Why the ████ not, Perts?
[DATA EXPUNGED]
L. O'Denn: So we're all ██████ three days from Sunday. Good to know. Orders, commander?
C. Johnson: ████ 'em all and burn it down, O'Denn. Tell Von Hower and Aidelare to set fire to Lab 8, then split up and do a sweep of the area. Neutralize all hostile centipede █████████████.
L. O'Denn: Copy that.
C. Johnson: Perts, still no contact with Blackfly?
C.M Perts: Blackfly, report in.
(Radio silence)
C.M Perts: No Blackfly.
C. Johnson: I gathered, Perts. Alright, O'Denn, status repo-
Unknown: (Gasping, groaning)
C. Johnson: The…who's that? Identify.
Unknown: Flamer Tell, sir.
C. Johnson: What is your status, Tell? What of Blackfly? Over.
F. Tell: …dead. Everyone.
C. Johnson: Repeat that, Tell?
F. Tell: (screaming) We're all ███████ dead down here, commander! I saw one of them…one of them pulled Doug apart…just…just in half. It laid all these eggs, and another one squirted this jizz over them. They hatched…they hatched so fast…more of those things…ate him so fast…dozens of them…eating Howard now…I liked Howard, commander…eating him…eating him…
C. Johnson: Calm down, Tell, for God's sake. What's your personal status?
F. Tell: They're on my legs…I can see 'em…but I can't feel it…biting me…
(Radio silence)
F. Tell: I feel something…burning…like bubbling…
C. Johnson: Tell. Self-terminate. That's an order. I'm sorry.
F. Tell: (Unintelligible)
C. Johnson: God damn it, Tell! Do you copy?! Immediate self-termination!
F. Tell: (Warped voice) The flesh is like milk to us.
C. Johnson: What the hell are you saying, Tell?
F. Tell: We are one.
C. Johnson: I think he's gone crazy.
F. Tell: One is all. (Cracking noises)
C. Johnson: Wasp, Hornet. Come in.
(Radio Silence)
C. Johnson: Wasp, Hornet. Come in, damn it.
L. O'Denn: (Same warped voice as documented with Flamer Tell) We are here. There are many.
C. Johnson: Perts? Tell command we're evacuating the premises. Mission failure.
C.M Perts: Sir, yes sir.
C. Johnson: Air strike and full bombardment once we're out. No - (interrupted by crashing sound) Jesus Christ, what-
(tearing sounds)
(Five minutes of radio silence, C. Johnson presumed dead)
Unknown individual, presumed C.M Perts: Hear, o Israel. Y-H-W-H is our God, Y-H-W-H alone.
(Gunshot) <End of audio log> Post-script: Site-██ fire-bombed. Several undamaged and fertilized SCP-363 eggs retrieved. Contained. All members of MTF Eta-7 presumed dead. New team established. - O5-█
Addendum 3: Interview
Interviewed: Janitor ███ █████ Interviewer: [DATA EXPUNGED], referred to as “I.” Foreword: Interview conducted after █████ professed to a possible SCP-sighting after firebombing of Site-██. <Begin Log> I.: Hello, ███. Please sit down. Thank you, now, you said you saw “something” after the firebombing. Care to expand on that? ███: It was…well, one of those guys from the MTF you had stationed there. Eta-7. One of those guys, yeah. I.: Do you know his name, perchance? ███: Yeah, yeah, I talked to him once. That guy, ███████ Tell. One of the flamers. I.: Are you sure it was him? ███: (Short silence) No. No, I ain't sure. It…it looked like him, for sure. But there were all these things…growing out of him. Like insect legs, but, all in random places…from his chest, his arms, and…one of ‘em was pokin' out of of his eyeball. His eye was just gone. And his mouth…there were these, like, these pinchers. Mandibles. All black. And there were these things… I.: Continue. ███: These things…centipedes…crawling in and outta holes in his flesh. He looked at me – his one eye'd gone all…it looked all like a bug's eye, with facets, and stuff, and…he laughed. I think he did, anyway. I.: And then? ███: He…he ran away. I.: Thank you. <End Log>
Addendum 4
The actress arrived in the New York in July to appear on Broadway in the Arthur Miller play, All My Sons .
She is living in a Manhattan apartment owned by her husband Tom Cruise and has become a regular fixture on the city's social circuit.
As well as regularly frequenting the city's best restaurants, Holmes is often photographed with her daughter Suri carrying purchases from some of New York's most expensive shops.
The New York Post 's Page Six magazine estimates that, mainly due to her real estate purchases, she has spent more than $14 million (£9.6 million) since being in the city.
"While ordinary city dwellers are cutting back, Mrs Cruise has been valiantly doing her bit to boost our economy," the magazine said.
"We tally up a conservative estimate of her 24-week NYC spending spree, and crown her Manhattan's Most Valued Shopper."
Holmes has reportedly spent a reported $13,987 (£9,600) on child care and taking Suri out over the last six months
According to the publication, she and Cruise have bought three new apartments in the building where he has owned his home since 1985.
A spokesperson for Cruise has denied the purchases but real estate executive Barbara Corcoran claims they bought a trio of lofts last year.
The magazine says a similar, three-bedroom home on the same street is on the market for $4.8 million, (£3.3 million) and calculates that the Cruises would have spent $14.4 million (£10 million) on their apartments as a result.
Meanwhile the couple is reported to have spent an additional $7,000 (£4,800) on installing gym equipment in their home.
The publication also claims that Holmes, 30, and Cruise, 46, have spent an estimated $7,315 (£5,000) on dining out at top restaurants such as brasserie Balthazar, and sushi restaurant Nobu and more than $17,000 (£11,700) on clothes for Holmes and Suri from shops like Hermes and Bonpoint.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 8, 2015 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board (PLCB) today announced that sales of Pennsylvania wines increased by 31 percent in October 2014, the month designated as Pennsylvania Wine Month, when compared to October 2013.
Fine Wine & Good Spirits stores sold more than 41,600 bottles of Pennsylvania wine, totaling approximately $466,000.
"We took a very proactive approach this year in partnering with the Pennsylvania Winery Association to promote Pennsylvania wine during Pennsylvania Wine Month, and it clearly made a difference," said PLCB Chairman Joseph E. Brion. "We're thrilled with the results and will continue to look for ways to support in-state wineries. It's good for the overall economy and it's good for our consumers."
During the month-long celebration, Fine Wine & Good Spirits Premium Collection stores held special tastings and featured dedicated signage and product displays to draw attention to Pennsylvania wines. In addition, a map of in-state wineries and information about in-state wine trails provided by the Pennsylvania Winery Association was available at select Fine Wine & Good Spirits stores.
In 2013, the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board partnered with the Pennsylvania Winery Association and the state Department of Agriculture to promote PA Preferred™ wines. PA Preferred is the Department of Agriculture's branding program for products made and grown in Pennsylvania. In order to be called a Pennsylvania product under this program, at least 75 percent of the grapes must be from Pennsylvania and the wine must have "Pennsylvania" on the label.
During the Pennsylvania Wine Month promotion in October 2014, the PLCB sold more than 4,350 bottles of PA Preferred wines – a 179 percent increase over the approximately 1,500 bottles of PA Preferred wines sold in Fine Wine & Good Spirits stores in October 2013.
"While overall sales of Pennsylvania products increased, we saw the most dramatic increase in the number of PA Preferred wine products sold in our stores," said Board member Tim Holden. "The PA Preferred program promotes wines produced in-state with grapes grown in-state. Our sales results indicate that consumers are more than willing to buy local when given the opportunity."
The PLCB is also in the process of adding a special "Made in PA" section for Pennsylvania wine and spirits products in prominent locations within newly rebranded stores. In the online store, FineWineAndGoodSpirits.com, a Pennsylvania tab was created to help customers more easily find Pennsylvania products.
"As a Board, we understand the significant impact that local wineries have on the economy, said Mike Negra, PLCB member. "We've increased our selection to give consumers a variety of choices. As a result of these expanded choices, we expect sales of Pennsylvania wines to continue to grow."
In 2014, the agency sold more than 506,700 bottles of Pennsylvania wines generating approximately $5.5 million in sales at Fine Wine & Good Spirits stores.
For more information about Pennsylvania wines, visit www.FineWineAndGoodSpirits.com.
The PLCB regulates the distribution of beverage alcohol and also operates more than 600 wine and spirits stores statewide. Taxes and store profits are returned to Pennsylvania's General Fund. For more information about the Liquor Control Board, visit www.lcb.state.pa.us.
Media contact: Stacy Kriedeman, 717.783.8864
SOURCE Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board
Related Links
http://www.lcb.state.pa.us
Australia sees 61% drop in female genital warts due to free HPV vaccine
SCIENCEALERT STAFF 8 SEP 2014
Image: Adam Gregor/Shutterstock
A new study by researchers at the University of Sydney has revealed that doctors in Australia are now treating 61 percent less cases of genital warts in young women since the launch of a national human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccination program in 2007. Australia was one of the first countries in the world to offer this free service to women between the ages of 15 and 27 years.
HPV is a common virus that affects both males and females. Often symptoms don't show, which means many people who have contracted the disease through sexual contact aren't aware of it until they get tested. It's been found that vaccination is the best form of protection against the virus, particularly if the patient has been inoculated before they become sexually active. The vaccine is being distributed at Australian schools, medical centres and GPs for free as part of the National Immunisation Program.
It's been seven years since the vaccination program was launched, so researchers wanted to investigate how it has affected the rate of the virus among young people. They looked at more than a million patient encounters between 2000 and 2012, and found a significant reduction in genital wart cases in female patients aged 15 to 27 years, which grew stronger every year following 2007.
According to the research team, the rate of genital wart cases reported by Australian GPs fell dramatically from 4.33 per 1,000 encounters before the program started, so from 2002 to 2006, to 1.67 per 1,000 encounters after the program was well underway, between 2008 and 2012.
"This is the first study to report the impact of HPV vaccinations on genital warts management in general practice, which is where the majority of cases are treated," said lead author of the study Christopher Harrison from the Family Medicine Research Centre at the University of Sydney in a press release. "The program has proved to be a great success and of huge benefit to the sexual health of Australia, and has clearly proven to be very worthwhile."
Harrison adds that for males and females in age groups outside of what was covered in the program, there was "no significant change in the management rate of genital warts between to pre-program and post-program periods". He also mentions that the study didn't find a significant decrease in any other sexually transmitted infections during this time period, which supports their conclusion that the vaccination is the cause of the decrease in genital warts in women, and not a change in the subjects' behaviour.
The study was published in the journal PLOS One.
When it comes to trimming toenails, a 54-year-old woman named Ayanna refuses to toe the line.
Ayanna is addicted to growing the nails on her appendages, and the total length on her toes and fingers now measures more than 15 feet, according to Jezebel.
She says the extra length makes her feel sexy, but being a slave to foot fashion is causing undo stress, financially and physically.
For starters, she has to walk on her heels and go up and down stairs sideways to keep her tootsies intact. She also spends $200 a week on mani-pedis and is unable to sleep on her back or wear socks or closed-toe shoes -- even in winter.
Ayanna also has diabetes, but her toenail addiction keeps her from getting exercise to improve her health as she can't run.
To make matters worse, she has a very bad case of toenail fungus.
Ayanna's friend Vincent recently went on the TLC series "My Strange Addiction" in hopes of trying to get her to lick her toenail addiction. In one sequence, he took her to a ballroom dancing class so she could see how her long toenails cut into her social life.
"If she does clip her toenails, it will help her do a lot more," he said hopefully.
At first, it seemed like she was getting the message as her fear of breaking her toenails kept her from doing the moves.
"It's a huge concern of mine that someone will step on my feet," she admitted. "I have had some bad experiences."
During the class, Ayanna had to constantly stop doing moves for fear her nails would get nailed and, ultimately, Vincent finished the class by himself.
"I felt a little awkward," she told the show's producers. "You feel like a little lonely child -- nobody wants to play with you."
But the sadness of being left out fails to get her to kick the habit, the Daily Mail reported. At a climactic point of the episode, Vincent tried to goad her into cutting off her nails to no avail.
"They are 50 percent of who I am," she said. "I will absolutely not cut them."
So you're betting that Jacksonville has absolutely no hope against Denver on Sunday? Mark Brunell has something to say about that.
Article continues below ...
Before you call to have him Baker Acted, it should be noted that Brunell wasn't talking about Jacksonville actually beating the Broncos. He thinks the 28-point spread is wacko.
“That's ridiculous,” he said.
Brunell can't help recalling an eerily similar scenario 16 years ago. It was at Mile High Stadium. Denver media called them the “Jagwads.” Facing a Hall of Fame quarterback, they were one of the biggest underdogs in playoff history.
Jagwads 30, Denver 27.
Could it happen Sunday?
Get serious. Again, we're not talking about Jacksonville winning. We're talking about the Jaguars maintaining what's left of their dignity.
There have been approximately 10,500 games since the AFL-NFL merger in 1970. This is the biggest point spread since, and probably the biggest since the first bookie landed in Las Vegas.
On sheer numbers, that makes it the biggest insult. It could only happen to Jacksonville, the most abused city in NFL history.
Charlotte was ecstatic to get the first franchise awarded in the 1993 expansion.
When Jacksonville got one a month later, Charlotte media joked that it was like winning the Miss America pageant and finding out the runner-up was Roseanne Barr.
Other than being the hometown of Lynyrd Skynyrd and Tim Tebow (try to top that, Charlotte), the Jaguars are the city's main source of civic pride. Now we're just one blowout away from having the World Wildlife Fund demand Jacksonville change its nickname since it is offensive to jaguars.
That's why if you've gotten a wedgie from the school bully or been turned down for a date by a Roseanne lookalike, you should cheer for the Jags on Sunday. Even if you're not a loser, do it out of a sense of compassion.
“There is a measure of dread here,” Brunell said.
Every gambler in North America knows why. Denver is looking at 16-0. Jacksonville is looking at 0-16.
Denver scored 51 points last week; Jacksonville has scored 51 points all season.
Denver has Peyton Manning (QB rating 136.4); Jacksonville has Blaine Gabbert (QB rating DOA).
Manning has 20 touchdown passes; Gabbert has one, not counting the three he's thrown to the other team.
The good news for Jacksonville is Gabbert has a bad hamstring and isn't expected to play. The bad news is his replacement, Chad Henne, isn't much better.
He'll be protected by a make-shift line after top pick — No. 2 overall — Luke Joeckel broke his ankle last week.
That was five days after Jacksonville traded its other starting tackle to Baltimore.
The Jags aren't just bad, they're cursed. It's enough to drive fans to drink, which the Jaguars tried.
They gave away two free beers to fans at their last home game. All that did was serve up another round of ridicule, especially after Mothers Against Drunk Driving complained.
How did a once-respectable franchise end up on skid row?
“If you ask 10 people, you'll get 10 answers,” Brunell said.
Tom Coughlin was fired 11 years ago. Jack Del Rio took things from mediocre to bad. Mike Mularkey was in charge of bad to worse. Now Gus Bradley is overseeing worse to whatever this is.
The dysfunction has revved the talk about empty seats, tiny TV market and how the Jaguars will inevitably move to Los Angeles or London or any city that doesn't have a Waffle House on every corner. It's all tearing a hole in Brunell's heart.
He led the Jaguars to two AFC title games in the 1990s, and retired to Jacksonville. He loves the city, and last week became the third player named to the Pride of the Jaguars. That's Jacksonville's greatest football honor outside of being named an honorary Tebow.
Like Bradley, Brunell is a rookie head coach. His Episcopal High Eagles are 2-3 after a 59-7 loss to Trinity Christian last week. Las Vegas would probably make them a 24-point underdog to the Broncos.
“What Jacksonville needs more than anything is to just win one game,” Brunell said.
Just win, baby. That was Al Davis' mantra, and he didn't care how the Raiders did it. Jacksonville's best hope might be if Bradley shows the 1997 playoff game on the flight to Denver.
The Jaguars were two years old. They went 9-7 and upset Buffalo in the first playoff game. That impressed oddsmakers so much they made Jacksonville a 14½-point underdog to John Elway's machine.
“Nobody gave us a chance,” Brunell said.
The Jaguars didn't give themselves much of one, either.
“I think a lot of us in the locker room were surprised,” Brunell said. “We looked around and said, ‘Golly gee, we actually won that game! We pulled that off!' ”
“Golly gee” was not the operative phrase in Denver after the game. Forget last year's loss against Baltimore. Losing to the expansion Jaguars ranks as the all-time playoff wedgie.
“I'm just going to go home, sit on my couch and probably cry,” Shannon Sharpe said.
As the Jaguars' plane approached the airport that night, it veered south and circled over the Gator Bowl. Almost 40,000 fans had gathered for a midnight pep rally.
It was like the Miss America pageant with Roseanne turning into a Victoria's Secret model. The players were bused over, and everybody reveled in the magnificence of Jacksonville and its football team.
Now, despite the historic spread, about 60 percent of the money is reportedly being bet against the Jaguars. That despite the fact Gabbert isn't playing and Denver's defense (coached by Del Rio) might have trouble stopping Episcopal High.
It's bad enough to be insulted. The only thing worse would be proving the all-time slap in the face was warranted.
“What is it, 26 or 27?” Brunell asked.
It's 28.
His mind raced back to 1997.
Just cover, baby. Poor little Jacksonville has suffered enough.
Toddlers have earned themselves a pretty bad reputation for being impulsive, oppositional and temperamental. They are notorious for throwing impromptu tantrums in the grocery store, refusing to eat their meals, not sleeping the way we'd like them to and otherwise causing their parents endless frustration. I think toddlers have it pretty rough, though. They are generally misunderstood and have yet to master verbal communication. It can't be easy to be a toddler in an adult world. You have someone constantly dictating what you can or cannot do, when and where you can do it and even telling you when to be hungry or tired. I'd be throwing tantrums, too!
One of the biggest conflicts between a toddler and her parents is her newly emerging sense of self. She has a desire to exert her will and that often conflicts with her parent's wishes. Then out comes the most overused word in the parent-toddler relationship:
“NO!”
What's a parent to do? It's very easy to find yourself constantly correcting her:
“No! Don't touch!”
“No! That's not for you!”
“No! No stairs!”
The most important first step in reducing this conflict is to understand the goal of discipline. To discipline means to teach. When we tell the toddler “No,” and we stop her exploration, are we accomplishing that goal? In most cases, the answer is not likely. The reason? Toddlers learn through hands-on exploration, not verbal correction.
From a developmental standpoint, the toddler is hard-wired to explore. If you have a toddler, you've seen this in action. But this exploring is not just fun. Exploring, touching, tasting, climbing, and throwing are extraordinarily important steps for the toddler to learn about herself and her world. She must engage in these activities or she cannot learn.
When the toddler has the need to explore and we have the responsibility to keep her safe, there is an alternative to telling her “no” when she goes outside the boundaries. Create an environment that will set her up for success.
How to do this? Lock up every item that could harm her. Install baby gates to prevent her from going up or down stairs. Install latches on cabinets and drawers you don't want her exploring. Babyproof your doorknobs. Cover your electrical outlets.
What does this accomplish? A safe, “no”-free zone. This doesn't mean you will never say “no” to her. Of course she will need to learn how to communicate and every word should be included. But this will allow her to explore freely, as she needs and is instinctually driven to, without the constant frustration of adult interference.
Your toddler needs to explore her world. You need to know she is safe. There is plenty of time in her life to learn her limits. This is not the time. She will learn the word “no” gradually as she masters herself and her world. When you create an environment for her to safely explore, you not only allow her to develop naturally, you allow her to feel joy and success as she does. You may also find you can breathe a little easier when you don't have to follow her around every minute of every day. And when you do need to say “no,” she might actually pay attention.
©UnnecessaryWisdom.wordpress.com 2013
Your thoughts and comments are always welcome!
Related articles
Route 91 Harvest shooting survivors Nannette Doyle, left, and Diana Dimitruk of Diamond Bar, California, comfort each other while visiting a memorial for Route 91 shooting victims at the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign, Thursday, Nov. 9, 2017. Richard Brian Las Vegas Review-Journal @vegasphotograph
Messages and mementos left behind at a memorial for Route 91 Harvest shooting victims at the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign, Thursday, Nov. 9, 2017. Richard Brian Las Vegas Review-Journal @vegasphotograph
Messages and mementos left behind at a memorial for Route 91 Harvest shooting victims at the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign, Thursday, Nov. 9, 2017. Richard Brian Las Vegas Review-Journal @vegasphotograph
Messages and mementos left behind at a memorial for Route 91 Harvest shooting victims at the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign, Thursday, Nov. 9, 2017. Richard Brian Las Vegas Review-Journal @vegasphotograph
Clark County Museum Registrar Cynthia Sanford, right, and intern Meghan Romane photograph and document the crosses and mementos left at a memorial for Route 91 Harvest shooting victims at the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign, Thursday, Nov. 9, 2017. Richard Brian Las Vegas Review-Journal @vegasphotograph
Clark County Museum Registrar Cynthia Sanford, left, and intern Meghan Romane photograph and document the crosses and mementos left at a memorial for Route 91 Harvest shooting victims at the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign, Thursday, Nov. 9, 2017. Richard Brian Las Vegas Review-Journal @vegasphotograph
A couple comforts each other while visiting a memorial for Route 91 Harvest shooting victims at the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign, Thursday, Nov. 9, 2017. Richard Brian Las Vegas Review-Journal @vegasphotograph
People visit a memorial for Route 91 Harvest shooting victims at the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign, Thursday, Nov. 9, 2017. Richard Brian Las Vegas Review-Journal @vegasphotograph
People visit a memorial for Route 91 Harvest shooting victims at the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign, Thursday, Nov. 9, 2017. Richard Brian Las Vegas Review-Journal @vegasphotograph
Clark County Museum Registrar Cynthia Sanford, forground, and intern Meghan Romane, left, photograph and document the crosses and mementos left at a memorial for Route 91 Harvest shooting victims at the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign, Thursday, Nov. 9, 2017. Richard Brian Las Vegas Review-Journal @vegasphotograph
Route 91 Harvest shooting survivors Nannette Doyle, left, and Doug Dimitruk of Diamond Bar, California, gather in prayer with friends after visiting a memorial for Route 91 shooting victims at the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign, Thursday, Nov. 9, 2017. Richard Brian Las Vegas Review-Journal @vegasphotograph
Messages, flowers, and other mementos left behind at a memorial for Route 91 Harvest shooting victims at the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign, Thursday, Nov. 9, 2017. Richard Brian Las Vegas Review-Journal @vegasphotograph
A woman wipes away tears while visiting a memorial for Route 91 Harvest shooting victims at the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign, Thursday, Nov. 9, 2017. Richard Brian Las Vegas Review-Journal @vegasphotograph
People leave candles, notes, flowers and other small mementos at a makeshift memorial at the "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign in Las Vegas on Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2017. Bridget Bennett Las Vegas Review-Journal @BridgetKBennett
People visit the 58 crosses at a makeshift memorial at the "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign in Las Vegas on Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2017. Bridget Bennett Las Vegas Review-Journal @BridgetKBennett
People leave candles, notes, flowers and other small mementos at a makeshift memorial at the "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign in Las Vegas on Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2017. Bridget Bennett Las Vegas Review-Journal @BridgetKBennett
People leave candles, notes, flowers and other small mementos at a makeshift memorial at the "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign in Las Vegas on Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2017. Bridget Bennett Las Vegas Review-Journal @BridgetKBennett
People leave candles, notes, flowers and other small mementos at a makeshift memorial at the "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign in Las Vegas on Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2017. Bridget Bennett Las Vegas Review-Journal @BridgetKBennett
People leave candles, notes, flowers and other small mementos at a makeshift memorial at the "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign in Las Vegas on Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2017. Bridget Bennett Las Vegas Review-Journal @BridgetKBennett
People leave candles, notes, flowers and other small mementos at a makeshift memorial at the "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign in Las Vegas on Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2017. Bridget Bennett Las Vegas Review-Journal @BridgetKBennett
People leave candles, notes, flowers and other small mementos at a makeshift memorial at the "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign in Las Vegas on Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2017. Bridget Bennett Las Vegas Review-Journal @BridgetKBennett
People leave candles, notes, flowers and other small mementos at a makeshift memorial at the "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign in Las Vegas on Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2017. Bridget Bennett Las Vegas Review-Journal @BridgetKBennett
People leave candles, notes, flowers and other small mementos at a makeshift memorial at the "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign in Las Vegas on Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2017. Bridget Bennett Las Vegas Review-Journal @BridgetKBennett
People leave candles, notes, flowers and other small mementos at a makeshift memorial at the "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign in Las Vegas on Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2017. (Bridget Bennett/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @BridgetKBennett
Southern Nevadans have through Saturday to view the collection of crosses and other items — stuffed animals, cards, photos, banners and more — left in memory of victims of the Route 91 Harvest festival shooting at their original location near the Las Vegas welcome sign at the southern end of the Strip.
On Sunday, items that make up the memorial are scheduled to be moved to the Clark County Museum, 1830 S. Boulder Highway, to become part of its permanent collection. Moving is scheduled to start after a short 9 a.m. ceremony in which county commissioners will recognize Greg Zanis, the Illinois carpenter who created the 58 crosses, one for each victim of the shooting.
Museum staff members took photos of the collection Thursday to create a detailed photographic record of the memorial, which after the Oct. 1 shooting became an impromptu focal point of community mourning. The photos will help to record the context of each item and provide a visual record of the memorial.
“Note that this has been a fluid memorial. There have been pieces that have been moved and have been piled up,” said Mark Hall-Patton, Clark County museums administrator. “We want to have photographs of every individual artifact because there's stuff on top of stuff.”
A few items already have been taken to the museum, while others — disintegrating flowers and spoiled edible goods — have been discarded. Relocation of the remaining bulk of the collection will involve boxing up each cross and its artifacts. The boxed items will be transported by truck to the museum.
Southern Nevadans will have a few more weeks to view the crosses, which will be placed on public display at the museum through Dec. 17. Hall-Patton said the process of incorporating the artifacts into the museum's collection will start next week and probably will take months to complete.
“We're probably talking tens of thousands of articles,” he said. “We're talking many months of work. It's a very long, involved process, but it's what we do with any material that comes into the museum.”
And while all of the items will become part of the museum's collection, “it doesn't mean they'll be on permanent display,” he said. “We will display the crosses for a month, but at that point we'll take them off display, mainly because they won't hold up outside.”
Hall-Patton said, “We are going to look at each individual piece as to the best way to house it so that 100 years from now somebody will be able to understand how we mourned, how we reacted to 1 October.”
Contact John Przybys at jprzybys@reviewjournal.com or 702-383-0280. Follow @JJPrzybys on Twitter.
Maine Fisherman Catches His Second Rare Lobster
Enlarge this image toggle caption Robert F. Bukaty/AP Robert F. Bukaty/AP
Bill Coppersmith, a fisherman in Maine, might want to buy a lottery ticket. He's gotten pretty lucky lately. This week he caught a rare orange lobster while fishing with his sternman Brian Skillings, writes the Portland Press Herald.
The paper talked to Robert Bayer, executive director of The Lobster Institute at the University of Maine, who said that the actual odds of catching an orange lobster would just be a guess. But "it's one in several million, there's no doubt about that," he said.
It's not Coppersmith's first rare catch. He caught an albino lobster in 1997. The Associated Press writes that catching a white lobster is a one-in-100 million chance. The Herald reports that "Captain Eli," as Coppersmith has named the rare orange lobster, will be kept at the Fisherman's Catch Café in Raymond, Maine, before he releases it back into the ocean.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The pace of jobs growth picked up sharply in the US in the past three months.
The United States added 257,000 jobs last month and the number of jobs created in November and December was revised sharply higher.
January was the 11th consecutive month in which more than 200,000 jobs were created - the best run since 1994.
The Labor Department said on Friday that an additional 147,000 jobs were added in both November and December.
That brought the total to 414,000 and 329,000 respectively.
An average of 336,000 jobs have been created a month for the past three months - the best three-month pace in 17 years and underlining the strength of the economic recovery in America.
A year ago, the three-month average stood at just 197,000.
The unemployment rate, which comes from a separate data set, edged higher to 5.7% as the number of people working or looking for a job rose slightly.
The rapid rise in the pace of hiring helped average hourly wages to rise 12 cents to $24.75 in January - the biggest gain since September 2008. In the past year, hourly pay has increased by 2.2%.
Analysis: Andrew Walker, Economics Correspondent
Another pretty upbeat month for the US jobs market, with more than a quarter of a million new jobs being added.
But it is still supported by extremely easy money. The Federal Reserve's main interest rate target has been practically zero for six years.
It might start to raise it towards more normal levels this year, but it will be a gradual process even the Fed does make a start.
And the US is still well below the percentage of the population in jobs that it managed before the financial crisis. For men aged 16 to 64 the figure now is 76.5% compared with 81% in mid-2008.
US Federal Reserve remains 'patient'
Image copyright Getty Images
'On fire'
Paul Ashworth, chief US economist at Capital Economics, said the US labour market was now "on fire", adding that the data would increase pressure on the US Federal Reserve to raise interest rates mid-year.
There are now an additional 3.2 million Americans in the workforce than there were 12 months ago, helping to bolster the economy by increasing consumer spending.
A more buoyant jobs market, along with the significant fall in petrol prices in recent months, helped push US consumer confidence to its highest level in a decade last month.
Consumer comeback
Russell Price, senior economist at Ameriprise, said: "It's certainly good news: 2015 is going to be the year of the American consumer. With job growth being strong, we're going to see a pickup in wages and salaries."
Tom Porcelli, chief US economist at RBC Capital Markets, said: "By any measure this was an extremely good report [which] continues to add evidence that the consumer has the potential to continue to move along at this very constructive pace."
US car sales rose by 14% in January compared with the same month in 2014, making it the best January for the industry in nine years, according to Autodata figures.
[JURIST] Eric Schneiderman [official website], New York's top prosecutor, accused ExxonMobil [corporate website] in a court filing [text, PDF] Friday of misleading investors about climate change risks and demanded the corporation turn over internal documents. Schneiderman, Attorney General for New York, said in the filing that he had evidence of “potential materially false and misleading statements by Exxon” that could have led investors to believe that the oil company had accurately assessed environmental impact when it had ignored its internal formula for calculating such an impact. According to Schneiderman, Exxon frequently showed a “proxy cost” for greenhouse gas emissions to investors that may not have been included when estimating actual profits and losses. Schneiderman wrote in his filing, “Exxon's own documents suggest that if Exxon had applied the proxy cost it promised to shareholders, at least one substantial oil sands project may have projected a financial loss, rather than a profit, over the course of the project's original timeline.” Friday's filing requested internal documents that Exxon has been withholding and the ability to interview employees who may know about internal climate change discussions. Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey [official website] is also investigating Exxon for similar allegations. Scott Silvestri, Exxon spokesman, accused Schneiderman of making “inaccurate and irresponsible allegations about proxy cost.”
A New York judge on March 22 ordered Exxon to cooperate with the investigation into whether the company misled others about the effects of climate change. Schneiderman had issued previous subpoenas to both Exxon and their outside auditing servicers, and a New York state court in October 2016 ordered [text, PDF] compliance. However, Schneiderman submitted a letter [text, PDF] to the court in May stating that Exxon “has failed to comply in good faith,” and asserting that Exxon has “continuously delayed and obstructed the production of documents from its top executives and board members.” The letter came after Schneiderman's office learned of an e-mail account under the name “Wayne Tracker,” utilized by Rex Tillerson, current US Secretary of State [official website] and former Exxon Chairman and CEO. Justice Barry Ostrager's order on March 22 called for Exxon to turn over [Reuters report] all management committee documents by March 31 and instructed Exxon to work with Schneiderman's office to recover lost emails from the “Wayne Tracker” email account.
Oculus was the future of gaming. Now it's the future of Facebook.
Facebook is buying VR headset company Oculus for $2 billion. The paycheck gets the founders a massive payday, but leaves a bitter taste for its Kickstarter backers, not least the indie game developers who thought they could be a bigger part of that future.
For decades, the idea of living inside a virtual reality has captivated developers' imaginations. People inspired by the dream have literally devoted their lives to making virtual reality a reality. It's a simple pursuit with a glorious promise: escape from this world, and into another designed just for you. But there's always been a dark cloud over that endeavor: The possibility that these virtual worlds might become tainted or be misused. It's a major concern, a warning regularly beaten into the minds of those who believed.
At long last, a hero emerged. Oculus made it possible to dip your head into the simplest of these worlds, to really feel like you had escaped our shared reality into another. The poetry written about its promise flowed deep and strong. Rabid fans clamored to throw their support and money at the project. They crowded around booths at trade shows to catch a glimpse, and built complicated software programs for the new platform-- sometimes without even being able to try it out themselves. Suddenly, users were booting up and creating any virtual world they wanted, and that power made them think they might be able to influence the real world a bit. Hopes were high! Oculus seemed untouchable; the white knight of VR.
Well, fuck it. Facebook just bought the thing.
The problem with the acquisition isn't that it's surprising Facebook would want to buy a computer strapped to your face.
The problem isn't that the Oculus guys got rich--most fans were hoping to make them rich anyway.
The problem isn't that Facebook is going ruin Oculus, by plastering it with ads and making it a pain in the ass like everything else they've shat all over. Although that wouldn't be a surprise.
The problem is that this was an opportunity for something different. And it just died.
I am shocked and hurt that when people stood up as fast and hard as they could, screaming for something, throwing their money in the air and hoping that this mattered enough that they could ignore the jaded past where everyone else sold out by now, all it did was raise their acquisition payout to exactly the guys we were hoping to avoid.
The problem with this deal is that Oculus' crowdfunded background and public support made it feel like the next big thing in tech could maybe, possibly be a movement powered by enthusiasts and hobbyists instead of venture capitalists and giant corporations. It would have been DEEPLY satisfying for a beloved Kickstarter to IPO and the best chance we've seen at that just vanished.
Personally, I wasn't even heavily into Oculus, like some of my peers. I managed to borrow a friend's Oculus for a week. My experience was limited, but holy shit, it was awesome, and it made me feel like everyone should see this. I can't imagine the kick in the teeth today's news must be for the people who bought development units, spent weeks programming, and genuinely thought they could be a driving influence in making new worlds.
Case in point: Notch, the developer of Minecraft, who donated $10k to the Kickstarter, was planning on building an Oculus version of his game. Notch just cancelled the deal.
Oculus held out the opportunity to fully experience a new world in a virtual sense. They never promised to change the business world, but it seemed that their independence and radical approach might give us that chance too.
Now we're back where we started, no matter how desperately we try not to wake up.
Scott Perry is the new GM. Together, they are focusing on building around the young core of Kristaps Porzingis, Willy Hernangomez, Tim Hardaway Jr. and Frank Ntilikina. “He has a no-trade contract,” Jackson said at the NBA Draft Combine in May . “I think I expressed what I felt [after the season]. I can't express it any better. I thought it was well said, even if a lot of you didn't feel that way. We'd like him to have success, the opportunity is narrowing. We'd just like for him to have success somewhere. We're not going to be there. Hopefully we'll maybe a playoff team next year. It would be tough to consider us possible champions.” Now with Jackson gone, Mills is the Knicks' President andis the new GM. Together, they are focusing on building around the young core ofAnthony will be at training camp beginning Sept. 25 — unless a trade happens before them — but the team isn't even using him in advertising campaigns to sell tickets.
— The wayfigures it, it would've been better for everyone involved ifhad traded before he was fired by Knicks owner Jim Dolan in June. That way, Anthony could've been moved on to a contender for assets, the Knicks could've accelerated their rebuild andand the new Knicks' brain trust could've said it was all Jackson's doing before he was shown the door.“I think in reality it would've been better if they let Phil make the trade and then got rid of him,” Boeheim, who coached Anthony to the 2003 NCAA championship at Syracuse, told me at the Garden State Basketball Clinic at Montclair (N.J.) Immaculate Conception High School. “Now the new guys are going to be held responsible for the deal and nobody's going to give much up [for Anthony in a trade]. So they're going to end up not getting a lot for him and it's really because of what Phil did in poisoning the air.” Jackson repeatedly threw shade at Anthony, saying that Anthony held the ball for too long and that the Knicks — and Anthony — would be better off without each other. Anthony is owed approximately $54 million over the next two years.“I think for Carmelo Anthony and the Knicks, the best thing is for him is to go someplace where they can start over,” Boeheim said. “[The Knicks] need to start over. They have young guys and it would be best for him to get with veteran guys and he's still got two or three great years left. They can't win in New York for two years, three years.” Boeheim reiterated that he thinks Anthony would be a great fit with the Houston Rockets, the one team Anthony reportedly would agree to be traded to. “The Rockets would be great,” Boeheim said. “They got two point guards. He could play like he played on the Olympic team, spot up, make shots. Everybody criticizes New York because he goes one-on-one, well in the triangle if you get the ball with eight seconds to go, you got no other option except to go one-on-one. “There he'll be spotting up, it will be like it was for the Olympic team, much easier for him. I think it will just work better for both teams, I hope it does.”
$uicideboy$ remain one of the most important, least talked about duos in underground hip-hop, and their comprehensive follow-up to their previous “Kill Yourself” song series merits discussion. Composed of five distinct EPs, the series of Kill Yourself sagas showcase many familiar and unfamiliar artistic shades of the New Orleans emcees, delivering the ever-dark stamp of their shadow rap brand while exploring more experimental departures. Whether intentional or not, there's an experiential element that answers some of the lingering questions surrounding $uicideboy$' versatility.
Kill Yourself Part XI: The Kingdom Come Saga
From the distorted, ripping subs of “Temple Spray” to the raw, atmospheric aggression and screams of “Nightmare Choir (I Have Been Asleep Too Long),” the first installment of the Kill Yourself EPs kicks off in familiar territory. With their oft-seen blend of double-time flows, adlib–dosed verses, and stacked vocals, $crim and Ruby da Cherry play it safe with The Kingdom Come Saga, following their usual formula to tag a pair of bangers onto the previously released “You're Now Tuning In To 66.6…” While nothing new, the speaker-cleaving EP opens the door to the Kill Yourself series much as a SWAT team breaches a meth den with a tactical battering ram.
Kill Yourself Part XII: The Dark Glacier Saga
Opening with a Gangland snippet speaking on New Orleans' often overlooked culture of violence, The Dark Glacier Saga begins on a tame, yet sinister 808-injected contrast to its predecessor. While “Audubon” fits the mold of [enter any $uicideboy$ song], it sets the stylistic tone for the EP, though the following “2ND Hand” and its undeniably catchy conclusion progressively slows the pace. It could be called a showcase of $uicideboy$' sonically “softer” side, if such can be fathomed, with “Planting The Roots Only to Fall Out The Tree” introducing a heavy amount of singing on Ruby's part while $crim takes a pause for an uncommon catharsis.
Kill Yourself Part XIII: The Atlantis Saga
Featuring the previously released “New Chains, Same Shackles,” the third installment of the Kill Yourself EPs is by far one of $uicideboy$' greatest aberrations. Driven more by singing rather than rhymes, elements of “O' Lord! I Have My Doubts” and “Hard to Tell” touch on a more personal note contextually and sonically. It's the most comprehensive evidence thus far to back Ruby and $crim's comment about breaking out of a stylistic box and a welcome relief from regularity. The Atlantis Saga is something every $uicideboy$ fan should hope to see more of.
Kill Yourself Part XIV: The Vulture Saga
With The Vulture Saga, $uicideboy$ return to delivering their usual style of grime-driven tracks that play on the contrast of Ruby and $crim's styles. While the quality is up to par, the monotonous “Pump Fake” and “Venom” with Shakewell—who's essentially the Wal-Mart sales rack version of Pouya—drag down the quality that “Fuck” presents, making this the most pedestrian of the EPs in the collection.
Kill Yourself Part XV: The Coast of Ashes Saga
Aside from The Atlantis Saga, the final installment in the Kill Yourself series is the most distinct outlier. “Styrofoam” and “Withdrawals/Withdrawals,” at times, almost carry the sound (not vocally) of something you'd find in conscious rap. While “Pictures” with Maxo Kream is the black swan of the group, the meat of The Coast of Ashes Saga is a glimpse into yet another stylistic angle $uicideboy$ may explore further.
At its most bare bones, the Kill Yourself EPs are a demonstration of $uicideboy$' versatility, which is important to note as their cult following continues to produce formidable imitators that sometimes water down the shadow rap and related movements with their redundancy. The bangers on the Kill Yourself EPs, at their best, don't stand up next to the quality of $uicideboy$' earlier DirtierNastier$uicide collab with Germ, though they hold their own as any thumping track from Ruby and $crim will. The true pearl in the oil spill is what you find on The Atlantis Saga and The Coast of Ashes Saga. Any $uicideboy$ fan knows they have the banger blueprint locked down, but how long can it last? These thematic changes are what need to be seen, and ultimately, what you get are the results of a stylistic litmus test that answers the question, “Are $uicideboy$ one-dimensional?”
Stream all the Kill Yourself EPs on Soundcloud.
Cicadas, the loud yet harmless insects, have begun rearing their unattractive heads across the southern U.S. after a 13-year lull spent underground.
States like Tennessee, Alabama and Georgia are reporting the insects emerging in droves, and are preparing for that incessant buzzing that will soon fill the atmosphere as the male cicadas seek out mates in a clamorous event that last occurred in 1998.
Meanwhile, scientists are bustling to study the enigmatic creatures, well aware they won't have another chance to do so until 2024. Nancy Hinkle, a professor of the department of entomology at the University of Georgia, told CVN News that these 13-year cicadas, also known as periodical cicadas, belong to Brood XIX in Georgia. There are other periodical cicadas in the U.S. that only appear every 17 years.
While many people see the mysterious cicadas as a nuisance and some find them frightening, they are actually harmless creatures that don't bite or sting in any way. According to the Jackson Sun, the red-eyed cicadas can even be eaten, and in some countries "are considered delicacies because of the high amount of protein they provide."
From The Tennessean
“There is no toxic component to cicadas,'' [Grassmere Animal Hospital Veterinarian Carol] Machery said. “I've even heard of people storing them in a freezer for dog treats.”
WKSR reports that the cicadas should be around for 5-6 weeks before returning underground for another 13 years.
HOWARD SCHULTZ, the head of Starbucks, said last year that “the currency of leadership is transparency.” If so, bosses should be feeling ever more qualified to command their troops. Business is being forced to open up in a host of reporting areas, from tax and government contracts to anti-corruption and sustainability programmes. Campaigners are cock-a-hoop, but continue to demand more. Executives are starting to ask whether the revolution is in danger of going too far.
Three forces are driving change. First, governments are demanding greater corporate accountability in the wake of the global financial crisis. No longer is ending corporate secrecy—the sharp end of which is money-laundering shell companies—an agenda pushed merely by Norway and a few others; it has become a priority for the G20. Second, investigative journalists have piled in. A recent example is the exposure by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists of sweetheart tax deals for multinationals in Luxembourg. The third factor is the growing sophistication of NGOs in this sphere, such as Transparency International (TI) and Global Witness. “Twenty years ago our work seemed an impossible dream. Now it's coming true,” says Ben Elers of TI.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
TI recently published its latest study on corporate reporting, which evaluated 124 big publicly listed companies, based on the clarity of their anti-corruption programmes, their corporate holdings and their financial reporting. Four-fifths of them scored less than five out of ten overall, but there were big regional disparities: seven of the ten most open firms were European; eight of the ten most clammed-up were Asian (see table).
One measure on which the firms were judged was country-by-country reporting of profits, taxes paid and the like. Clearer reporting by jurisdiction would help outsiders spot offshore tax shenanigans and graft. It is seen as the “holy grail” by NGOs, says Raymond Baker of Global Financial Integrity, one of them. Currently most companies aggregate their accounts in a way that makes it hard to see what assets and revenues they have in any given country. But change is coming: country-by-country reporting is on the OECD's “Base Erosion and Profit Shifting” reform agenda, which is aimed at curbing tax avoidance.
The biggest push for greater openness has come in extractive industries. That is not surprising as these (as well as defence) have historically been pits of corruption. Progress has come at the regional level: EU states have begun to pass into law a new directive requiring country-by-country, and in some cases project-by-project, reporting of extractive groups' payments to governments. America should have introduced similar regulations by now, but these, mandated by the Dodd Frank act of 2010, are still on the drawing board.
Publish What You Pay, a campaigning group, reckons these rules would cover two-thirds of the global extractives business by value—not only Western groups, but Chinese, Russian and other firms that are caught in the net by virtue of having securities listed in the West. But there would still be bumps in the playing field: some state-owned producers from the Middle East, for instance, would not be covered.
Hence the push for global standards. One may be emerging from the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative, whose Oslo-based secretariat oversees the development of multilateral standards shaped by a coalition of governments, companies and civil society. The EITI is voluntary, but if a country signs up, all firms operating there must comply with its reporting guidelines. Almost 50 countries (including Iraq and Nigeria) have joined.
The EITI has backing from 90 firms, among them Norway's Statoil. Its head of sustainability, Hege Marie Norheim, argues that while not disclosing project payments might be better for short-term competitiveness, disclosing them is “better for the company's long-term stability”.
The costs of opacity
Commodity traders, usually a secretive bunch, are opening up to this way of thinking. Trafigura, a Swiss trading giant, recently said it will disclose oil-related payments in all EITI countries. Its reasons for doing so: change is coming anyway, and early movers will be better placed to help shape the standards. There is a financial motivation, too: banks have reduced funding for opaque trading firms after being hit with fines for sanctions violations.
Oil producers, meanwhile, are starting to publish more details of production-sharing contracts with governments. This is “good for companies because it will show how [the contracts] are weighted, which contrary to common perception is usually in the government's favour,” says George Cazenove of Tullow Oil. “That's why it's more often the governments than the companies that want the terms kept quiet.”
Indeed, though campaigners make much noise about holding multinationals to account, most admit the bigger impact could be on the states they deal with. Publication of what governments receive will increase pressure on them to show how money is spent. They could be held even more accountable if firms were forced to disclose which of their payments go to central governments, which to regional ones and which to local administrations.
Another area of the NGOs' focus is organisational structure. The more tangled a group's web of subsidiaries, the harder it is for outsiders to follow the money, including intra-group transfers that might be used to funnel profits to tax havens.
Here, the picture is mixed. While some firms reveal more, others shuffle into the shadows. Jeffrey Gramlich of the Hoops Institute at Washington State University and Janie Whiteaker-Poe of Baylor University have identified a phenomenon they call “the disappearing subsidiary”. Crunching data at The Economist's request, they found a sharp increase since 2010 in the number of American firms dramatically reducing the number of tax-haven subsidiaries they disclosed (see chart). In one extreme case Google reported more than 100 divisions in 2009, but just two (both in Ireland) in 2012. “Google wants to know everything about you, but it doesn't want you to know everything about it,” says Chris Taggart of OpenCorporates, which collects and crunches data on companies.
What's going on? Use of tax havens may have fallen a bit, but that doesn't explain such a sharp decline. What does, says Mr Gramlich, is a mass redefinition of subsidiaries as not “significant”. Only material holdings have to be disclosed in America (whereas in, say, Germany all have to be reported). The firms would never admit it, but the likely reason for this redefinition is increased scrutiny of their tax affairs. Their move into the dark coincided with a surge in investigative articles about profit-shifting by multinationals. Not all the redefining is likely to be legal, but the companies are willing to take the risk: the most they can be fined for de-disclosing significant subsidiaries is $100 a day.
Companies have wider gripes about the disclosure revolution. Some contend that transparency has natural limits. The argument has three planks. The first is that it can be unfair on those forced to disclose because it hands a competitive advantage to non-Western rivals that aren't held to the same standards. Simon Henry, Shell's chief financial officer, argues that EU transparency rules could undermine the EITI because they don't cover unlisted foreign firms or require governments to account for all payments received. Next, some firms complain that new transparency rules wedge them between a rock and a hard place: abiding by an EU requirement to be open, for instance, could mean breaking the law in a country of operation that forbids disclosure. The first argument underlines the need for global standards. The second is thin: when pressed, whingers struggle to identify countries that lock up executives for complying with Western disclosure requirements.
The third argument is stronger: that those trying to make sense of it will be better informed but none the wiser. Debra Valentine of Rio Tinto likens it to the long but unenlightening lists of side-effects that come with medicines. Can country-by-country reporting capture what is really going on in a group that produces in Australia and Canada, markets through Singapore and sells in China, she asks? A firm's tax payments might be unusually low, not because it is dodging tax, but because of high upfront investments and all manner of reliefs and allowances. Financial restructuring can render the numbers even harder to parse, says John Connors of Vodafone (the only firm to score half-marks or better in all categories in the TI report).
Some transparency campaigners acknowledge a risk of drowning in data or of comparing apples with oranges. Britain, for instance, now requires its companies to disclose all foreign payments to governments of more than £86,000 ($135,000)—the equivalent of an individual spending pennies. “Ludicrously granular,” grumbles another oilman.
Michael Meehan of the Global Reporting Initiative, which sets standards for corporate reporting on sustainability issues, says he can see why large companies have “data fatigue”. Their being forced to report every single data point would lead to less transparency, not more, he says. “Responsibility is coming back to civil society and the media to make good use of information they already have, rather than calling for more,” says Jonas Moberg of the EITI.
Private transparency initiatives can help in this regard. OpenCorporates uses data-scraping and other technologies to collate information from national corporate registers and other sources, clean it up and join the dots, so that relationships within and between corporate families become clearer. It now has 80m companies from 100 countries in its database. It sometimes receives threats of violence from those who want their law-breaking firms to remain hidden, says Mr Taggart.
Governments, too, have a role to play. The G20 has thrown its weight behind the idea of central registers, with better policing of information on corporate owners. The most ambitious countries, like Britain and Denmark, plan to make their registers publicly accessible. Some are embracing open-data standards. Britain, already a world leader in accessibility of corporate-registration information, such as financial accounts and shareholder information, will make all that data available free of charge next year.
Let it flow, or suffer a leak
As openness spreads, it would be easy to get carried away. Multinationals will continue to do dodgy deals, and to bury inconvenient financial information in the footnotes of annual reports. Some extractives giants pay lip service to the EITI while dragging their feet. The world is still full of murky shell companies.
But the direction of travel is clear. In tax and contract transparency, there is general acceptance that change is coming, like it or not. And many boards no longer fear that openness is bad for business. In some areas, such as corporate social responsibility, there is evidence that it boosts the share price by signalling that management is tackling hidden risks, says George Serafeim of Harvard Business School. Investors increasingly appreciate the reputational benefits of openness, and employees want to work for firms that are leaders in disclosure—and, just as importantly, ever more of them appear to see it as their civic duty to leak information if their employer is shady and secretive.
Correction: A previous version of this article misspelled the name of Chris Taggart of OpenCorporates.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Every year, thousands of migrants attempt to cross into Ceuta from Morocco
EU officials say they will ask Spain to explain why police fired rubber bullets at migrants trying to swim to the Spanish territory of Ceuta.
Spain admitted that rubber bullets were fired, but said nobody was injured.
At least 14 people drowned on 6 February as hundreds of migrants attempted to reach the North African enclave from Morocco.
Together with a second Spanish enclave, Melilla, Ceuta represents the EU's only land border with Africa.
As a result the territories, both located along Morocco's Mediterranean coast, have become a magnet for migrants seeking work or asylum in Europe.
Many of those making the dangerous journey come from Eritrea and Somalia.
But in the past year the migrant numbers from Syria have also soared because of the civil war there.
'Very concerned'
The EU Commissioner for Home Affairs, Cecilia Malmstrom, said she was "very concerned" about Spanish police firing rubber bullets to deter migrants.
She added that the actions of any EU state protecting its borders should be "proportionate", and should respect fundamental rights and human dignity.
"I expect clarifications from the authorities," Ms Malmstrom said in a tweet.
On Thursday, Spain's interior minister insisted coast guards did not shoot directly at people, and that the bullets had not caused the deaths of any of those who drowned.
The incident happened when border guards began chasing migrants trying to enter Ceuta, in what Spain's El Pais newspaper described as "the first attempt at a mass border crossing this year".
A group of people drowned after they fled into the water to swim to a seawall separating the enclave from Morocco.
Their bodies were later found on a beach in Morocco. All of the victims were reportedly from sub-Saharan Africa.
On the same day, Italy's navy said it had rescued 1,123 migrants from inflatable boats in the space of 24 hours.
They were picked up about 220km (135 miles) south-east of Lampedusa, the closest Italian territory to North Africa.
According to estimates, some 2,000 migrants landed on Italian shores last month, nearly 10 times the number recorded in January 2013.
The true number of migrants who died attempting the perilous crossing is unknown, but in October more than 400 people drowned in two shipwrecks near Lampedusa.
Italy and Spain have repeatedly called for help from other EU states to deal with the migrant influx.
Mediterranean migration routes
FORT PIERCE, Fla. (AP) — Election officials missed a deadline on Sunday to report results of a two-day recount in Representative Allen B. West's bid to remain in Congress, apparently sealing unofficial results giving the victory to his Democratic opponent, Patrick Murphy.
St. Lucie County did not meet a noon cutoff to finish processing 37,379 ballots that were cast early in the 18th Congressional District race, but it eventually released the results, which showed Mr. Murphy gaining votes in the recount. Regardless, under Florida law, previously submitted results favoring Mr. Murphy will be certified unless an emergency exemption is granted by the state.
“It puts an end to it as far as we're concerned,” said Eric Johnson, an adviser to the Murphy campaign. “It puts an end to it as far as the state's concerned.”
Mr. West's campaign showed no immediate sign of conceding.
“At this time, in our view, the race is still undecided,” said the West campaign manager, Tim Edson.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. West, a Republican, can still seek to formally contest the election, a difficult legal remedy. His aides gave no indication whether they would pursue such action. Dejected supporters of the congressman claimed that there was fraud, loudly chanting “Count our votes!” before election officials. Mr. Murphy's supporters held signs reading “Respect the Results: Concede Now” and “Patrick Won!”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
A recount of three days of early-voting ballots was conducted in St. Lucie County last week, narrowing Mr. Murphy's margin a bit. The county's canvassing board ultimately agreed to retabulate all eight days of ballots after discovering several errors and Mr. West's supporters made a relentless push for a fuller recount. The campaign hoped Mr. Murphy's margin of victory would decrease enough to force a machine recount of all ballots across the entire three-county district.
Image copyright Getty Images
The number of new midwives in Wales is set to reach a record high after a 40% boost in student training places.
There had been fears the sector faced a shortage as a large number of midwives approached retirement.
But Helen Rogers, the Royal College of Midwives' director for Wales, said TV shows like One Born Every Minute had increased demand on student places.
The Welsh Government said this September's intake would be a "record high".
In September, 134 student midwives will start training after the Welsh Government commissioned a 40% increase in places as part of a £95m package to boost NHS recruitment.
The number of registered midwives working in the Welsh NHS has steadily increased since 2013, reaching 1,333 in September 2016.
But training places for students had remained static since the start of the 2014 academic year - with 93 places for the whole of Wales.
Ms Rogers said the increase in student places was great news for the profession, which the RCM had warned was on the brink of a shortage with about 35% of midwives nearing retirement.
She said while demand for midwifery had always been high, shows like Channel 4's One Born Every Minute and BBC One's Call the Midwife had led to an increase in student applications in recent years, with about 500 applications for every 20 places.
Cardiff University received 712 applications for 38 midwifery places starting in September 2017, while Swansea University had 504 applications for its 33 places.
While a bursary for student nurses and midwives has been scrapped in England, in Wales it has been maintained - provided the student remains in Wales for two years after they qualify.
Ms Rogers said the issue was now ensuring placements were ready for the influx in students and maintaining the numbers in future years.
"We have seen numbers yo-yo - even if we get loads of students, it puts a strain on the service as they need mentoring and placements," she said.
"If we are increasing the numbers in a sustainable way then that is great, we are showing we do need these midwives, we need them to be put into training now and we need these numbers maintained."
Ms Rogers said the demand on hospital departments meant women were often seen by more than one midwife, leading to continuity of care issues.
"They are often pulled out of the community to go into a busy hospital department; that is not desirable or appropriate," she said.
The Welsh Government said the number of student places for training in midwifery this September were the highest on record.
A spokeswoman said: "The numbers are decided upon following a long-established process based on robust workforce planning each year."
Cambridge, United Kingdom – May 4, 2017 – Collabora Productivity, the driving force behind putting LibreOffice in the Cloud, is pleased to announce a new major release of its flagship enterprise-ready cloud document suite – Collabora Online 2.1, including many new features and improvements.
Collabora Online is a powerful LibreOffice-based online office suite allowing you to access document editing through your web browser. It is interoperable with all major document, spreadsheet and presentation file formats, and easy to integrate into your infrastructure, allowing you to keep in full control of your own data; on-premise or in the cloud.
What's new in Collabora Online 2.1?
Collabora Online 2.1 has many improvements under the hood and lots of new features that make the collaborative editing experience even better. When combined with one of our many partners solutions Collabora Online is an excellent choice for enterprises wanting a powerful office suite for confidential documents on-premise or for Hosting and Cloud businesses who wish to include online Office Suite functionality into their service offering.
“Months of hard work from the Collabora team has made this release really impressive”, said Michael Meeks, General Manager of Collabora Productivity. “The list of improvements and new features show that Collabora Online is going to be the best online office suite out there.”
Highlights of the changes since Collabora Online 2.0:
Based on the recently released enterprise-hardened Collabora Office 5.3 improved interoperability, file-filters and feature-set improved anti-aliased rendering and performance
Scalability improvements reduced memory consumption reduced CPU usage, with increased responsiveness bandwidth reduction by avoiding redundant tile updates improved buffering, queueing and traffic management
Updated localizations
Features, including: Improved comment rendering as a native overlay Change tracking – turn change tracking on or off, and accept, reject or add comments to red-line document changes Rendering much larger spreadsheets of up-to half a million rows Formatting, and decimal separator support by locale in spreadsheets New responsive design, including a minimized UI when in read-only mode New Insert Special Characters dialog Pivot table refresh Non-printing character rendering option Initial Input Method supports for Asian languages
Getting Collabora Online
Collabora Online is suitable for large scale deployment, comes with an SLA, Long Term Support with signed security updates and implements collaborative editing of richly formatted documents directly from a web browser.
Enterprises interested in using Collabora Online can check out our home page for more information on partner integrations and online demos. For tailored solutions, contact sales@collaboraoffice.com.
Hosting and Cloud businesses that wish to add Collabora Online to their product portfolio can become a partner by filling in the partner form or contacting sales@collaboraoffice.com.
Collabora Online is only one part of a larger Enteprise File Sync & Share, Groupware, or Hosting solution. Collabora is excited to go to market with a long list of Partners each of which has an integration.
Online demo
You can get an online demo of Collabora Online and try it out yourself right now!
Try the Online Demo
Screenshots
Screenshot of Collabora Online with improved comment rendering and Tracked Changes
Screenshot of a complex Excel file (xlsx), with multiple people editing at the same time
Screenshot of a presentation file in Collabora Online, with 2 people editing at the same time
Collabora Online Development Edition (CODE) 2.1
Together with the release of Collabora Online 2.1 we will also release version 2.1 of the development edition of Collabora Online: CODE. The development edition is aimed at home users and contains the latest and greatest developments. We want as many people as possible to try it out and get back control of their own online documents. We'd also love to get people involved in our efforts to make LibreOffice Online even better. Download the Docker Image, enjoy using it at home and why not participate in the project too!
For more information on CODE, and info on how to get it, please check out our CODE page.
—
About Collabora Productivity:
Collabora Productivity is the driving force behind putting LibreOffice in the Cloud, providing a range of products and consulting to enterprise and government. Powered by the largest team of certified LibreOffice engineers in the world, it is a leading contributor to the LibreOffice codebase and community. Collabora Office for Desktop and Collabora Online provide a business-hardened office suite with long-term, multi-platform support. Collabora Productivity is a division of Collabora, the global software consultancy dedicated to providing the benefits of Open Source to the commercial world, specialising in mobile, automotive and consumer electronics industries. For more information, visit www.collaboraoffice.com or follow @CollaboraOffice on Twitter.
It's too little too late that President Donald Trump has finally called out violent white nationalists who marched through the streets of Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend. One of them deliberately drove his car into a crowd of people, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer and injuring 20 more.
It's pathetic that it took massive public backlash—including a lot from Republicans and conservatives—to spur the president to actually denounce neo-Nazis. Who still needs a teachable moment on this? Seventy-two years after the end of World War II and the president of the United States is slow off the mark to condemn white supremacists?
Rarely one for evenhanded rhetoric, President Trump's initial response referred only to "violence," and he pointedly refused to call out the protesters who beat a black man into the hospital.
The president even managed to squeeze in some political sloganeering over the weekend, declaring "we are all Americans first," echoing one of campaign themes.
There are three basic explanations for Trump's shameful response, one more troubling than the other. Maybe he's unaware that Nazis were responsible for murdering 11 million people. Or maybe he is so politically tone-deaf that he thought his original comments were adequate. Or maybe he just doesn't want to alienate those he considers an important part of his political constituency. Any way you look at it, it's not good.
President Trump surely isn't responsible for the car that killed Heather Heyer, but his rhetoric has helped to fill its gas tank. He wasn't slow to call out Black Lives Matter by name for supposedly "igniting" attacks on police even as he explicitly encouraged violence at his own campaign rallies, telling his supporters that he would cover their legal expenses if they got in trouble.
Just a few weeks ago, he encouraged police to rough up suspects.
If the president really is interested in curbing violence and restoring "law and order," it shouldn't be so hard for him to denounce neo-Nazis by name while upholding constitutional protections for free speech.
That's what we need from a chief executive in hyper-partisan and polarized times, but Donald Trump doesn't seem interested in being the president of most—much less all—Americans.
Produced by Todd Krainin. Written and narrated by Nick Gillespie.
Subscribe to our YouTube channel.
Like us on Facebook.
Follow us on Twitter.
Subscribe to our podcast at iTunes.
In an e-mail to Polygon , Epic founder Tim Sweeney revealed that Chinese publishing giant Tencent purchased 48.4 percent of Epic Games' issued share capital in July, "equating to 40 percent of total Epic capital" and giving the company the right to appoint two representatives to Epic's board. The deal was announced last June , but the details didn't come out until after Tencent's 2012 annual report was published this week.
"As part of the investment, two Tencent representatives joined Epic's board of directors, in addition to the three directors and two observers appointed by Epic," Sweeney tells Polygon. "We're thrilled to have a world-leading partner in Tencent, who gives Epic unique access to the Chinese market as we head into the next chapter of our 21-year history as a leading independent developer."
As Polygon notes, several long-time Epic employees, including Cliff Bleszinski and Gears of War producer Rod Fergusson, left the company in the months after the deal, but we are not aware of any direct evidence of a connection.
Epic isn't Tencent's only US investment—it acquired Riot Games in 2011, and notes in its 2012 report: "Our business is increasingly benefitting [sic] from investments we have made in companies whose products or services are complementary to our own. For example, Riot Games' LoL has attained widespread popularity, strengthening our game portfolio in China and broadening our game revenue internationally."
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs License, which permits use and distribution in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited, the use is non-commercial and no modifications or adaptations are made.
Interferon-γ (IFN-γ)–induced inflammatory markers were associated with an increased cancer risk in a cohort of 6594 adults followed for a median of 12 years, revealing evidence for the role of IFN-γ induced inflammation in human carcinogenesis.
Our findings indicate that plasma neopterin, KTR, and CRP are associated with a significantly increased risk of overall cancer. Our study revealed novel evidence regarding the role of IFN-γ–induced inflammation in human carcinogenesis. Cancer 2014;120:3370–3377. © 2014 The Authors. Cancer published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of American Cancer Society.
A total of 971 incident cancer cases (507 men and 464 women) were identified over a median follow-up time of 12 years. Baseline plasma neopterin, KTR and C-reactive protein (CRP) were significantly associated with an increased risk of overall cancer in models adjusted for covariates (P for trend across quartiles = .006 for neopterin, .022 for KTR, and .005 for CRP). The multivariate-adjusted HR (95% CI) per SD increment in similar models were 1.09 (1.03-1.16) for neopterin, 1.07 (1.01-1.14) for KTR, and 1.04 (0.98-1.10) for CRP. The associations between the inflammatory markers and risk of major specific cancer types were also provided.
We conducted a prospective analysis of the Hordaland Health Study in 6594 adults without known cancer at baseline who were enrolled between April 1998 and June 1999. Hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using multivariate Cox proportional hazards regression models adjusted for sex, age, body mass index, smoking status, and renal function.
It has been reported that interferon-γ (IFN-γ)–induced inflammatory markers, such as circulating neopterin and kynurenine-to-tryptophan ratio (KTR), are increased in patients with cancer and are also a predictor of poor prognosis. However, whether baseline levels of these makers are associated with subsequent cancer risk in the general population remains unknown.
Chronic inflammation is perceived to predispose to different forms of cancer1 and impacts each stage of tumorigenesis, from initiation, promotion, and malignant conversion to invasion and metastasis.2
C-reactive protein (CRP) is a commonly used nonspecific biomarker of systemic inflammation. Evidence on the association between CRP and cancer risk is currently inconsistent. A recent meta-analysis found elevated levels of CRP to be associated with an increased risk of overall cancer, lung cancer, and possibly breast, prostate, and colorectal cancer.3 However, results from Mendelian randomization studies suggest that elevated CRP levels are unlikely to cause cancer.4
Neopterin is a metabolite of guanosine triphosphate and is synthesized by activated macrophages upon stimulation with proinflammatory cytokines, particularly interferon-γ (IFN-γ). Therefore, elevated concentrations of neopterin in body fluids reflect cellular immune activation involving T cells and an endogenous release of INF-γ.5 Studies have observed increased levels of neopterin in patients with malignant diseases such as lung,6 breast,7 and pancreatic cancer.8 The extent of neopterin elevation depends on tumor type and stage,9 and neopterin has been proposed as a potential biomarker of cancer diagnosis and prognosis.8,10 Whether prediagnostic neopterin is associated with future cancer risk is, however, unknown.
IFN-γ can also up-regulate enzymatic activity of indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO), which catalyzes the conversion of tryptophan to kynurenine followed by further metabolism via the kynurenine pathway.11,12 As a result, the plasma kynurenine-to-tryptophan ratio (KTR) increases during inflammation. Several studies have demonstrated IDO activation, increased tryptophan degradation, and subsequently elevated level of KTR in established cancer, and these indices also predict poor prognosis in patients with cancer such as lung cancer,13,14 gynecological cancer,15 and malignant melanoma.16 It has been postulated that IDO plays a critical role in cancer immunosurveillance.17 Results from in vitro experiments indicate that IDO overexpression by colorectal tumor cells is significantly correlated with the quantity of tumor-infiltrating T cells.18 Based on the role of IDO in immunosuppression and immune escape, selective IDO inhibitors (eg, 1-methyl-tryptophan) have been developed and tested as an adjuvant chemotherapeutic agent in vitro in animal studies and phase 1 trials.19–22
Previous publications from human studies on the relation between neopterin, KTR, and cancer have focused on patients with existing disease. However, whether levels of these inflammatory makers, particularly neopterin and KTR, are associated with subsequent cancer risk among apparently healthy individuals remains unknown. The purpose of this cohort study, therefore, was to examine the associations of the systemic inflammatory markers including neopterin, KTR, and CRP with overall cancer risk among community-dwelling men and women.
As the World Cup of Hockey announced its jersey sponsorships and Fan Village location on Wednesday, one of its competitors confirmed his intention to play.
There's some question about unsigned free agents — Johnny Gaudreau, Sean Monahan and Jacob Trouba, for example — and whether or not they will compete without new contracts. According to a couple of sources, Gaudreau confirmed he will do so earlier this week.
Players can purchase extra insurance to cover themselves and it's believed he did so.
Adding an extra layer to the story, word is the Calgary Flames were told Gaudreau does not wish to negotiate after his World Cup arrival, scheduled for Sept. 4, preferring to concentrate on the games. That moratorium would last for the duration of the event, which would be Oct. 1 if the final goes a full three games.
Gaudreau's agent, Lewis Gross, declined to comment. Neither would Flames GM Brad Treliving.
In theory, that puts pressure on Calgary to get something done beforehand, since the NHL season opens Oct. 12. But the Flames have been consistent in their belief a deal will close and that apparently hasn't changed.
Another GM pointed to Sergei Bobrovsky's last contract. He and the Columbus Blue Jackets said no discussions would take place during the 2014-15 season, only to close a four-year extension in January 2015.
ANOTHER COLORADO COACHING CANDIDATE
Sportsnet's John Shannon reported Tuesday that two NHL assistants, San Jose's Bob Boughner and Washington's Lane Lambert will be considered for the newly vacant Colorado coaching job.
He's another name to watch: Jared Bednar, head coach at AHL Lake Erie. Bednar received rave reviews for his work last season, which concluded with a Calder Cup championship.
And there is a connection: Avalanche assistant GM Chris MacFarland. Before Columbus moved its AHL team to Lake Erie, it was in Springfield. MacFarland worked for the Blue Jackets then.
The Free Application for Federal Student Aid is a bit cumbersome, so the Department of Education tried to ease that burden by creating a tool that automatically filled in an applicant's previous year's tax information. That tool was suddenly taken offline last month over concerns about data security, and now we have some idea of how many applicants may have had their information exposed.
The New York Times reports that the personal information of as many as 100,000 consumers may have been compromised when hackers used the Data Retrieval Tool to generate tax information and then fill out fraudulent tax returns.
The Data Retrieval Tool was introduced by the Department of Education as an attempt to streamline the FAFSA process. The tool allows families filling out the FAFSA forms to retrieve their tax information directly from the Internal Revenue Service.
IRS commissioner John Koskinen revealed more details of the hack, which was first uncovered in March, during a Senate Finance Committee Hearing on Thursday.
The breach was allegedly facilitated by hackers who posed as students using the Data Retrieval Tool to apply for federal financial aid. Koskinen believes that about 8,000 fraudulent returns were filed and processed through the scheme.
Koskinen told the Committee that the agency has already sent letters to about 35,000 taxpayers explaining that their personal information may be at risk and plans to contact all 100,000 potentially affected consumers.
The IRS shut down the tool in March, and the Dept. of Education announced recently that the tool would remain unavailable until the fall of 2017, in order to allow additional protections to be implemented.
“Fortunately we caught this at the front end,” Koskinen said during the hearing, as reported by the Times. “Our highest priority is making sure that we protect taxpayers and their identity,” he said.
The Times reports the IRS became aware of possible issues with the tool last fall. When asked why it took several more months before the tool was disabled, Koskinen told the Committee that the agency didn't want to cut off the tool for millions of consumers before there was adequate evidence to support the hack.
In a three-month period at the end of 1879, Thomas Edison tested the first practical electric lightbulb, Karl Benz invented a workable internal-combustion engine, and a British-American inventor named David Edward Hughes transmitted a wireless signal over a few hundred meters. These were just a few of the remarkable breakthroughs that Northwestern University economist Robert J. Gordon tells us led to a “special century” between 1870 and 1970, a period of unprecedented economic growth and improvements in health and standard of living for many Americans.
Growth since 1970? “Simultaneously dazzling and disappointing.” Think the PC and the Internet are important? Compare them with the dramatic decline in infant mortality, or the effect that indoor plumbing had on living conditions. And the explosion of inventions and resulting economic progress that happened during the special century are unlikely to be seen again, Gordon argues in a new book, The Rise and Fall of American Growth. Life at the beginning of the 100-year period was characterized by “household drudgery, darkness, isolation, and early death,” he writes. By 1970, American lives had totally changed. “The economic revolution of 1870 to 1970 was unique in human history, unrepeatable because so many of its achievements could happen only once,” he writes.
The book attempts to directly refute the views of those Gordon calls “techno optimists,” who think we're in the midst of great digital innovations that will redefine our economy and sharply improve the way we live. Nonsense, he says. Just look at the economic data; there is no evidence that such a transformation is occurring.
For most Americans, wages are just not keeping up. Incomes actually shrank between 1972 and 2013. And it's not going to get any better, predicts Robert Gordon.
Indeed, productivity growth, which allows companies and nations to expand and prosper—and, at least potentially, allows workers to earn more money—has been dismal for more than a decade. Although it might seem as though a lot of innovation is going on, “the [productivity] slowdown is real,” John Fernald, an economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, told me. In a recent paper, Fernald and his colleagues traced the sluggishness back to around 2004 and found that the last five years saw close to the slowest productivity growth ever measured in the United States (the data go back to the late 1800s). And Fernald says technology and innovation are “a big part of the story.” Some techno optimists have argued that the full benefits of apps, cloud computing, and social media are not showing up in the economic measurements. But even if that's true, their overall effect is not all that significant. Fernald found that any growth spurred by such digital advances has been inadequate to overcome the lack of broader technological progress.
Gordon is not the first economist to be unimpressed by today's digital technologies. George Mason University's Tyler Cowen, for one, published The Great Stagnation in 2011, warning that apps and social media were having limited economic impact. But Gordon's book is notable for contrasting today's slowdown with the radical and impressive gains of the first three-quarters of the century. Over the course of more than 750 pages, he describes how American lives were changed by everything from the electrification of homes to the ubiquity of household appliances to the construction of extensive subway systems in New York and other cities to medical breakthroughs such as the discovery of antibiotics.
In some ways, though, the most compelling and ominous story is the one that Gordon tells through the numbers. Economists typically define productivity as how many workers produce in an hour. It depends on the contributions of capital (such as equipment and software) and labor; people can produce more if they have more tools and more skills. But improvements in those areas don't account for all productivity increases over time. Economists chalk up the rest to what they call “total factor productivity.” It's a bit of a catchall for everything from new types of machines to more efficient business practices; but, as Gordon writes, it is “our best measure of the pace of innovation and technical progress.”
Between 1920 and 1970, American total factor productivity grew by 1.89 percent a year, according to Gordon. From 1970 to 1994 it crept along at 0.57 percent. Then things get really interesting. From 1994 to 2004 it jumped back to 1.03 percent. This was the great boost from information technology—specifically, computers combined with the Internet—and the ensuing improvements in how we work. But the IT revolution was short-lived, argues Gordon. Today's smartphones and social media? He is not overly impressed. Indeed, from 2004 to 2014, total factor productivity fell back to 0.4 percent. And there, he concludes, we are likely to remain, with technology progressing at a rather sluggish pace and confining us to disappointing long-term economic growth.
These numbers matter. Such lackluster productivity growth precludes the kind of rapid economic expansion and improvements in the standard of living that ­Gordon describes happening in the mid-20th century. The lack of strong productivity to fuel economic growth—combined with what Gordon calls the “headwinds” facing the country, such as rising inequality and sagging levels of education—helps explain the financial pain felt by many. For most Americans, wages are just not keeping up. Except for the very top earners, real incomes actually shrank between 1972 and 2013. And it's not going to get any better, says Gordon. He predicts that median disposable income will grow at a bleak 0.3 percent per year through 2040.
Make America great again
No wonder so many Americans are upset. They sense they will never be as financially secure as their parents or grandparents—and, even more troubling to some, that their children will also struggle to get ahead. Gordon is telling them they are probably right.
If robust economic progress in the first half of the 20th century helped create a national mood of optimism and faith in progress, have decades of much slower productivity growth helped create an era of malaise and frustration? Gordon provides little insight into that question, but there are clues all around us.
Anger over the economy is certainly manifesting itself in the current presidential election. The leading Republican candidate is pledging, somewhat abstractly, to “make America great again,” and vaguely similar sentiments reflecting nostalgia for past prosperity are being echoed in the Democratic campaigns—particularly in Bernie Sanders's economic plan that purports to achieve productivity growth of 3.1 percent, a level not seen in decades.
There are also hints that the long-term lack of economic growth is affecting some Americans in insidious ways. Late last year, economists Anne Case and Angus Deaton, both at Princeton, described a disturbing trend between 1999 and 2013 among white men aged 45 to 54: an unprecedented rise in morbidity and mortality that reversed years of progress. This group of Americans was experiencing more suicides, drug poisonings, and alcoholism. The reasons are uncertain. But the authors did cautiously offer one possibility: “After the productivity slowdown in the early 1970s, and with widening income inequality, many of the baby-boom generation are the first to find, in midlife, that they will not be better off than were their parents.”
Speculating on how the lack of economic progress has affected the mood of the country is risky. Intense political anger has also broken out during periods of strong growth, such as the 1960s. And today's economic morass cannot be blamed entirely on poor productivity growth, or even on inequality. Still, could it be that a lack of technological progress is dooming us to a troubled future, even at a time when we celebrate our newest gadgets and digital abilities—and make heroes of our leading technologists?
How do you know?
While Gordon's willingness to speculate about what lies ahead is one of the strengths of his book, his blanket skepticism about today's technologies often sounds unjustified, even arbitrary. He dismisses such digital advances as 3-D printing, artificial intelligence, and driverless cars as having limited potential to affect productivity. More broadly, he ignores the potential impact of recent breakthroughs in gene editing, nanotechnology, neurotechnology, and other areas.
You don't have to be a techno optimist to think that radical and potentially life-changing technologies are not a thing of the past. In “Is Innovation Over?” Tyler Cowen acknowledges the “stagnation in technological progress” but concludes there are ample reasons to be hopeful about the future. Cowen told me: “There are more people working in science than ever before, more science than ever before. In [artificial intelligence], biotechnology, and [treatments] for mental illnesses, you could see big advances. I'm not saying it is going to happen tomorrow—it may be 15 to 20 years from now. But how could you possibly know it won't happen?”
In some ways, Gordon's book is a useful counter to the popular view that we're in the midst of a technology revolution, says Daron Acemoglu, an economist at MIT. “It's a healthy debate,” he says. “The techno optimists have had too much of a run without being challenged.” Yet, says Acemoglu, it's hard to accept Gordon's argument that we're seeing a slowdown in innovation: “It may well be that these innovations haven't translated into productivity. But if you look at just the technologies that have been [recently] invented and are close to being implemented over the next five to 10 years, they are amazingly rich. It is just very hard to think we're in an age of paucity of innovation.” And, says Acemoglu, “to project even further into the future that we're not going to translate these innovations into productivity growth is not an easy argument to make.”
One of the limitations of Gordon's book, says Acemoglu, is that it doesn't explain the origins of innovation, treating it like “manna from heaven.” It is “easy to say productivity comes from innovation,” says Acemoglu. “But where does innovation come from, and how does it affect productivity?”
Whether we're doomed to a future of tough economic times will be at least partially determined by how we utilize innovation and share the benefits of technology.
Better answers to such questions could help us not only to understand how today's technical advances might boost the economy but also to make sure we implement these technologies in ways that maximize their economic benefits. Whether we're doomed to a future of dismal technological progress, and hence tough economic times, will be at least partially determined by how we utilize innovation and share the benefits of technology. Do we invest in the infrastructure that will make the most of driverless cars? Do we provide access to advanced medicine for a broad portion of the population? Do we provide new digital tools to the growing segment of the workforce with service jobs in health care and restaurants, allowing them to be more productive employees?
Gordon could be right; the great inventions of the late 1800s changed lives to an extent that will never be matched. Nor will many of the circumstances that were so conducive to economic progress during that era be seen again. But if we can better understand the potential of today's innovations—remarkable in themselves—and create the policies and investments that will allow them to be fully and fairly implemented, we will at least have a fighting chance of achieving robust economic progress again.
CNN's Reliable Sources opened this morning with a rather timely discussion of President Trump‘s anti-media attacks, following the President tweeting a fan-made video of him literally fighting back against CNN.
After Brian Stelter wondered whether Republican leaders will actually speak out against these tweets, Carl Bernstein said the new tweet is “not just anti-CNN, it's anti-freedom of the press, it's anti-freedom of speech.”
New York Magazine correspondent Olivia Nuzzi said the tweet is just the latest example of memes going from places like InfoWars and Reddit to the President of the United States' Twitter feed.
CNN commentator Ben Ferguson pushed back a bit and said it was a “humorous” tweet that didn't imply violence.
“Everybody knows that wrestling is fake,” he added.
Stelter pointed out that so many people in the press get threats on a daily basis, but Ferguson said everyone keeps trying to make this into a “bigger story” than it really is.
Baltimore Sun media critic David Zurawik said it's “dangerous” to say people should just be able to laugh this kind of thing off. He said the President's recent attacks on the press show “a really disturbing look at the man running the country.”
“You take somebody, you slam 'em physically to the ground, you put a logo on identifying them,” Zurawik added, “that's what fascists did in the 30s to people! This is not something, Ben, that you laugh about!”
He and Ferguson got into a bit of a back-and-forth about this before Bernstein weighed in again to say Trump “wants us to be lapdogs!”
Watch above, via CNN.
[image via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
On Sunday night's episode of 90 Day Fiance: Before the 90 Days, viewers were introduced to 26-year-old Cortney from Orlando, Florida. Cortney has all but given up on finding romance stateside, and has taken up the hobby of backpacking around the globe looking for adventure — and love. While in Madrid, Spain she connected with a muy guapo chico named Antonio via a dating app. The two never managed to meet in person while she was in Spain, but they continued their virtual conversations, which developed into a virtual relationship.
Cortney, who admits she has been catfished before, sends up a huge red flag when she reveals that she and Antonio have never talked via Skype, FaceTime, or any other video messaging service. Her parents become really concerned when Cortney announces that she plans on flying to Spain to meet Antonio for the first time.
So is Antonio for real? The answer to that question is at least a partial yes. The photos Cortney has received are of Antonio Millón, a 31-year-old Spanish model who lives in Málaga, Spain. Antonio has several online modeling profiles which include all of the photos used on the show. Here are some examples:
So is this the same person that Cortney has been talking with? We have no smoking gun in the form of a photo of the two of them together or anything, but we do have recent evidence that indicates Cortney at least wants us to think it was really Antonio.
That evidence comes in the form of interactions on Facebook as recent as last week. On a photo recently posted by Antonio (above), Cortney commented on August 13: “Love this photo. Love seeing you happy.” She added a ? kissy emoji. Cortney has also been actively liking other recent photos posted by Antonio.
Of course, this could all just be a ruse keeping up appearances and avoiding spoilers. That may seem a bit silly, but it fits my working theory. Bear with me here…
This is just personal opinion, but Cortney's story line has seemed really forced and heavy handed (aka scripted) to me. My personal thoughts are that Cortney and Antonio did strike up a virtual conversation while she was abroad, and she then saw an opportunity to use that to get on the show and score a trip to Spain. From that point, producers decided to play up the catfish angle (and I mean REALLY play up the catfish angle) so we would all be surprised when it turned out to actually be him. I mean, if it really is a catfish, it would be a huge let down at this point, am I right?
Something else that makes me think Cortney's story is a bit forced is that producers were seemingly desperate to find American women for the show. Casting calls issued for Before the 90 Days began late last year, and they were still looking as recently as July — but the most recent casting calls were for women only. And those started to get a little more lax on the requirements lol. Here's one from July:
Looking for Ladies who want to be on TV! 🙂 I'm casting or a new docu-series and looking for young women who are online dating (TINDER, BUMBLE, MATCH?)… in search for someone maybe overseas?
EMAIL ME FOR MORE DETAILS – **********@********.com **THIS IS A PAID GIG**
The previous casting calls were far more specific about the restrictions. (Hmmm, perhaps I am a little too obsessed with this show?)
ANNNNYWAYS…. If it turns out I'm right, then I give mad props to Cortney and Antonio for their hustle! She got a European vacation on TLC's dime, and Antonio gets international exposure for his modeling career! If I'm wrong, then perhaps they have both found true love AND got a free trip and exposure. 🙂
Speaking of Antonio and exposure, if you're looking for that nude photo featured on the show, you can CLICK HERE to see it. (PG-13 at worst)
Just in case still images aren't enough, I found some video footage of Antonio “at work” that will have you thinking about taking a trip abroad:
And here's a little slideshow sizzle reel:
Regardless of what I think (or have speculated) about Cortney's story line, the premiere season of Before the 90 Days is one of my favorite seasons of any reality show ever! It's SOOOO great! (And that's from someone who has been watching reality show for a living for 10 years lol) If you haven't seen the show yet, or if you are just as hooked as I am, be sure to tune in for new episodes of Before the 90 Days airing Sunday nights at 9/8c on TLC.
A Murbad resident was hit by a pole while hanging from a local train on Sunday evening around 5.30 pm. Eknath Korlekar (28) fell off the running train, but was saved by one Maimuna Pathan (35), a resident of the slums near the railway tracks. The incident took place near the Mumbra and Kalwa tracks.The railway police suspect Korlekar was trying to perform stunts on the moving train when he met with the potentially fatal mishap. Grievously injured and dazed, he managed to stumble to the nearby slums where Pathan's efforts managed to save his life.“I had just returned from work and was drinking tea, when a few neighbours started talking about someone falling off the train. I threw the tea and also rushed towards the spot to find a man trying to walk towards us. He was bleeding profusely and mumbling that no one was helping him,” said Pathan. She added that Korlekar then asked her for a phone to contact his family.He was trembling and was very scared. He told Pathan that he was from Murbad and was going from Kalyan towards Thane to meet his uncle. Pathan then asked Korlekar to stay calm and covered his injuries with some cloth.Pathan added, “While I was trying to help him, a few of my neighbours told me to stay away from the matter as I could get in trouble with the railway police. But I told them to go away, as I was not going to sit and watch the man die.” She then took Korlekar to the railway police at Mumbra station, who immediately noted down the details and called for an ambulance. He was taken to Thane civil hospital.Pathan, who does odd jobs for a living, said she could not believe that Korlekar could stand after taking such a nasty blow. At Mumbra station, cops asked her to leave but she told them that she wouldn't budge till somebody from the victim's family reached the hospital.“I did not want to leave him. I thought I should ensure that he was taken care of properly, so I went to the hospital as well. His relatives, who came in later, offered me money but I refused and told them I will come to meet him later,” she said.Santosh Korlekar, victim's elder brother, said, “All he said was that he was standing at the door to get off at Thane station when he fell off. We did not ask him anything else as he is in pain and trauma. GRP officials have taken his statement.”“The patient's shoulder bone is fractured, and he has multiple injuries on the scalp. He is conscious and his vital statistics are stable. We have done a CT scan of brain and are waiting for the reports,” said Dr UD Marulkar, medical superintendent, Thane Civil Hospital.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Nagasaki bomb destroyed vast swathes of the southwestern Japanese city
A Dutch former prisoner-of-war held in Nagasaki when the US dropped an atom bomb on the city has won compensation from the Japanese government.
Willy Buchel, 95, was the first ex-prisoner of war to receive such a payment, his lawyer said on Tuesday.
Mr Buchel filed a lawsuit in May last year over the mental anguish suffered in the years after the 1945 bombing, lawyer Hidekazu Zaima told AFP.
He will receive 1.1 million yen ($9,640; £6,910).
Mr Buchel was in a prison camp 1.7km (one mile) from ground zero on 9 August, when the bomb detonated over the south-western Japanese city, killing more than 70,000 people.
He returned to the Netherlands in 1950 and was not able to receive full medical coverage provided to Japanese survivors of the bomb, Mr Zaima said.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Sumiteru Taniguchi was 16 when the atomic bomb was dropped on Nagasaki
According to Japan's Kyodo News, Mr Buchel said in the lawsuit he "was forced to continue living while suffering from peculiar health damage caused by his exposure to radiation".
Mr Zaima told a news conference that the unprecedented settlement was of "grave importance".
Japan started providing overseas atom bomb victims with medical allowances in 2003. Before that, a 1974 ruling said funds would be stopped if victims travelled out of Japan.
The Nagasaki bomb followed one dropped three days before on the city of Hiroshima, where about 140,000 people are estimated to have been killed by the blast or later by radiation sickness.
John Royer "Jack" Garman[1] (September 11, 1944 – September 20, 2016) was a computer engineer, former senior NASA executive and noted key figure of the Apollo 11 lunar landing. As a young specialist on duty during the final descent stage on 20 July 1969 he dealt with a series of computer alarms which could have caused the mission to be aborted. At that time he was in constant contact with Margaret Hamilton and her team at MIT Instrumentation Lab who's priority display invention empowered Garman to declare "go, go, go" and not stop the mission just minutes before landing.
Early life [ edit ]
Garman was born September 11, 1944, in Oak Park, Illinois, and attended the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor. He graduated in 1966 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering Physics and a specialty in Computing.[2]
NASA career [ edit ]
In 1966, at age 21, Garman was hired by NASA. He chose to specialize in onboard computing and was assigned to the Apollo Guidance Program Section where he worked with MIT, supervising the design and testing of the Apollo Guidance Computer.
During the Apollo missions Garman worked in a support role, advising flight controllers in Mission Control on the operation of spacecraft computer systems. A few months before the Apollo 11 mission he suggested that simulation supervisors at Mission Control test how flight controllers might react to a computer error code. Guidance officer Steve Bales responded to the simulated error by calling an abort, which was found to be a needless reaction for that particular code.
As Garman later recounted, "Gene Kranz, who was the real hero of that whole episode, said, 'No, no, no. I want you all to write down every single possible computer alarm that can possibly go wrong.'" Garman made a handwritten list of every computer alarm code that could occur along with the correct reaction to each of them and put it under the plexiglass on his desk.
1202 [ edit ]
A design oversight with the Apollo Lunar Module's rendezvous radar led to a near-abort during the Apollo 11 landing.[3]
The radar's Coupling Data Units (CDU), which provided the interface between the radar's hardware and the LM's onboard guidance computer, were powered by a 28-volt 800 Hz power supply, and a separate 28-volt 800 Hz power supply sent energy to the radar's Attitude, Translation, and Control assembly(ATCA) (which physically oriented the Lunar Module). The two power supplies were supposed to operate in phase lock with each other. However, likely due to inexact language in the LM's design documentation, the system was constructed such that while the two power supplies would always operate at the same frequency and in a fixed phase relationship, no provision was made to ensure the two supplies were aligned and putting out the same phase at the same time.
When the LM's rendezvous radar (which tracked the still-orbiting Command/Service Module (CSM)) was powered up during Apollo 11's descent (a step designed to lessen the crew's workload in case of an abort), the radar's CDUs were energized and took stock of the state of the attached ATCA assembly. By chance, the power-up happened at a moment when the CDU's 800 Hz power supply happened to produce energy that wasn't phase aligned with the ATCA's power (a power-up a fraction of a second earlier or later would have resulted in aligned phases and no problems). The CDUs used their 800 Hz power as a reference signal for interpreting the ATCA's position and orientation, and because the signals from the ATCA were out of phase, this produced readings that were far out of range from what the CDUs expected.
This in turn caused the CDUs to issue interrupts to the guidance computer—12,800 interrupts per second, which consumed about 15% of the computer's available compute time. As the rest of the landing tasks were consuming about 85% of the computer's time, the computer ran out of time to process all of its queued jobs in a single cycle. As scheduled jobs in the computer failed to complete in time, the programs competed for core set memory and vector accumulator registers; eventually, one and then the other were exhausted, and the LM's guidance computer began sounding program alarms and resetting.
The first was a "1202" alarm, indicating an executive overflow and an exhaustion of core sets. Several seconds after the first alarm Neil Armstrong, with some concern apparent in his voice, said, "Give us a reading on the 1202 program alarm." Meanwhile, given his knowledge of the computer systems, Garman had already advised Steve Bales that the computer could be relied upon to function adequately so long as the alarms did not become continuous.[4] Bales, who as guidance officer had to quickly decide whether to abort the mission over these alarms, trusted Garman's judgment and informed flight director Kranz. Within seconds this decision was relayed through CAPCOM to the astronauts and the flight continued.
There were several additional alarms of the same type (both 1202 and also 1201, which indicated a vector accumulator area exhaustion), and then the crew was able to stop them from recurring by changing the landing procedure slightly to reduce the computer's tasks. Apollo 11 went on to land successfully and Garman received an award from NASA for his role in the mission. Bales later recalled, "Quite frankly, Jack, who had these things memorized said, 'that's okay', before I could even remember which group it was in".[5] His quick reactions and in-depth knowledge led others on his team to give him the nickname "Gar-Flash".[6]
IT and senior management [ edit ]
After the Apollo program, Garman and center director Chris Kraft collaborated in the then-new Spacecraft Software Division where Garman worked on Space Shuttle software, including the Flight Computer Operating System (FCOS) and the high-level programming language HAL/S.[7] From 1986 through 1988 he worked at NASA Headquarters in Washington, D.C. as director of information systems services in the Space Station Program Office. Returning to Johnson Space Center in 1988 he held various senior positions in information systems, finally serving as Chief Information Officer of Johnson Space Center from 1994 through 2000.
Later career [ edit ]
In 2000, Garman left NASA and became a part of the OAO Corporation. Two years later OAO was bought by Lockheed Martin and Garman became Lockheed Martin's technical director of NASA services, in charge of technical support for the company's contractual activities with NASA.[citation needed]
Personal life [ edit ]
For his service to the program, Garman was honored with numerous NASA awards, including two exceptional service medals. In 1970, Garman was part of the Apollo 13 team awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Richard Nixon.[8]
Garman was married to the former Susan Hallmark of Los Angeles; they had two daughters.[8] Garman died near Houston, Texas, of bone marrow cancer on September 20, 2016, at the age of 72.[9][8]
January/February 2014 Kate Sharpley Library Bulletin online
KSL: Bulletin of the Kate Sharpley Library No. 77, January/February 2014 has just been posted on the site. You can get to the contents here http://www.katesharpleylibrary.net/1zcsgp or read the full pdf here http://www.katesharpleylibrary.net/z08n8s
This issue contains:
Florentine Lombard : a Kent anarchist and volunteer nurse during the Naples cholera epidemic of 1884. http://www.katesharpleylibrary.net/8kpstt
Library News: Ready for Revolution Published http://www.katesharpleylibrary.net/b8gvp7
El Combate, October 1955 [front page only] http://www.katesharpleylibrary.net/8sf8pr
2014 Bottled Wasp pocket diary http://www.katesharpleylibrary.net/n02wkc
Wealth of negations, Terms and conditions: Management edition. (Selected highlights) http://www.katesharpleylibrary.net/d51db7
Anarchism and Worker's Self Management in Revolutionary Spain By Frank Mintz [Book Review] http://www.katesharpleylibrary.net/w6mbmn
The Floodgates of Anarchy by Stuart Christie and Albert Meltzer : some thoughts http://www.katesharpleylibrary.net/c8680n
Pano Vassilev's 'The Soviets idea' - call for help http://www.katesharpleylibrary.net/g4f60x
Review: The Albert memorial: the anarchist life and times of Albert Meltzer (1920-1996) an appreciation by Phil Ruff http://www.katesharpleylibrary.net/zgmtxr
Ghost dancers: the miners' last generation by David John Douglass [Book review] http://www.katesharpleylibrary.net/v6wz71
A Salford player has been charged with making a racial slur during the Red Devils' win over the Toronto Wolfpack in Sunday's fifth-round Ladbrokes Challenge Cup match. Salford's Justin Carney was sent off in the 26th minute of Salford's 29-22 rugby league win over Toronto. The alleged abuse was against veteran prop Ryan Bailey.
Justin Carney of Salford Red Devils ineligible to play until his hearing over his alleged use of a racial slur during a match against the Toronto Wolfpack. ( Jan Kruger / GETTY IMAGES )
“Justin Carney is a really good player,” said Toronto coach Paul Rowley. “I'll never defend that sort of behaviour but . . . it's really easy watching a game of rugby to just see 13 players against 13. But they never know what's gone on in that person's life in the buildup to a game.” Read more: Toronto Wolfpack lose first competitive match, beaten by Super League's Salford
Article Continued Below
“It's a reactive thing,” he added. “I don't think for one minute that Justin Carney is a racist. He's got a black father so he's not racist. Ryan Bailey knows him. There's no drama there. So whilst we won't defend him, we certainly won't condemn him either. We'd rather support (him) and find out if there's a deep-rooted problem that made him react in that manner. “But nevertheless you can't do it in this day and age — or any day and age. Justin's a grown man and he'll deal with the consequences, I'm sure.” A hearing was put over to next week at the request of Salford, with Carney ineligible to play in the meantime.
Toronto Wolfpack rugby player Ryan Bailey shown here being interviewed in an April 8 file photo.
Carney faces a Grade F charge for verbal abuse based on race/colour — the most severe category of offence carrying a penalty of at least eight games or a fixed time period if found guilty. The 28-year-old Australian back played for the Canberra Raiders and Sydney Roosters in the NRL before coming to England to play for Castleford and Salford.
The Wolfpack, rugby league's first transatlantic team, are in their first season in the third tier of English rugby league where they are unbeaten in five games against semi-pro opposition. The fully professional Toronto team is bidding to eventually win promotion to the elite Super League, where Salford currently stands fifth. In other disciplinary news, Toronto loose forward Jack Bussey was suspended for one match and fined 75 pounds ($130) for an illegal elbow/forearm strike in the 31st minute of the Salford match.
Article Continued Below
Rowley said he was disappointed at the ban. The Wolfpack have played their first eight competitive games in England with Rowley suggesting opposition fans can sway decisions. “It can quite often influence a referee . . . We have to be squeaky clean all the time,” he said. “So Jack plays close to the line, he's aggressive in his style and unfortunately they've picked up on a little bit of niggle.” “I think, to be honest, they really tried hard to find something because there's been a bit of noise about how aggressive we are and on the back of that noise, I think, they've almost had to look for something to prove that we crossed the line,” he added. Toronto hooker Bob Beswick, meanwhile, received a caution for strikes with the knee. On the injury front, Wolfpack second-rower James Laithwaite, who suffered a neck fracture in Sunday's game, underwent more tests in hospital Wednesday. Rowley said the best-case scenario for his forward in terms of a return to action was two months out. Toronto's next outing is its home opener May 6 against Oxford RLFC.
We're just one month away from March Madness, so naturally, the apparel manufacturers are starting to debut new uniforms for the top college basketball teams. Nike unveiled eight new uniforms Friday – six for men's teams, two for women's teams.
The men's squads for Kentucky, Duke, Syracuse, Florida, Arizona and Oregon got new Nike Hyper Elite's for the stretch run. UConn and Baylor's women's teams were were also part of the release. A number of teams, including the Blue Devils, will debut them this weekend. From Nike:
Each school's home uniform will feature a white base with school-specific color lettering and a 26-degree speed graphic of an iconic symbol of each school across the side of the game short. The 26-degree angle of each school's graphic was inspired by the chevron on the classic Nike Windrunner track jacket that debuted in 1978. Each graphic represents a distinctive basketball point of view, based on the roughly 1,000 directional changes, or “cuts” that a player might make in the course of a game.
Here are some shots of the new digs.
New Nike uniforms for Kentucky, Duke, Syracuse, Florida, Arizona, Oregon, UConn, & Baylor pic.twitter.com/q6HykfdiCr — Heidi Burgett (@heidiburgett) February 20, 2015
Road to March is paved with @nikebasketball Hyper Elite Unis for 8 teams. Debuting this wkd. http://t.co/7ryu7iCz2S pic.twitter.com/cgXspbt3yA — Brian Strong (@briangstrong) February 20, 2015
The new Disruption uniform set from Nike! Will wear when Syracuse visits Cameron. pic.twitter.com/sV0EvMGWod — Duke Basketball (@dukeblueplanet) February 20, 2015
Check out the brand-new @Nike Hyper Elite uniforms we will wear vs. Virginia on Senior Day 3/2! #CuseMode pic.twitter.com/qjz5Fdb6MB — Syracuse Basketball (@Cuse_MBB) February 20, 2015
Ducks will debut new @nikebasketball “Disruption” uniforms Sunday vs. Utah #GoDucks #DuckSwag A photo posted by Oregon Ducks (@uoducks) on Feb 20, 2015 at 9:00am PST
We're sporting these new Nike Hyper Elite uniforms for tomorrow's game. We think they're pretty fresh. Your thoughts, #BBN? A photo posted by Kentucky Men's Basketball (@kentuckymbb) on Feb 20, 2015 at 9:10am PST
College basketball fans – what do you think?
Three Christians were held from a village in Khandwa district of Madhya Pradesh after a villager complained to the police that they tried to convert him by offering him a cross.
Advertising
The police were yet to produce Amarsingh, 35, Kishor Barela,30, and Prabhakar Barela, 39, before a court on Monday, hours after their arrest from Sitabedi village, nearly 40 kms from Khandwa, on the charge of telling the villagers that they will be cured of their illnesses if they start believing in Jesus Christ.
SDOP (Harsud) Shashikant Saryam told The Indian Express that the trio belongs to Indian Evangelical Team. He said one Raju Barela gave a written complaint following which arrests were made around 3 pm on Sunday. The police have booked them under the state anti-conversion law. Saryam said a cross and religious literature were seized.
About 40 to 50 villagers were attending the camp. Raju said he attended the camp because he had stomachache and headache. He said when the organizers talked about Jesus Christ he left the camp and approached the police.
Etobicoke residents have given their blessing to revised plans to expand Humbertown Shopping Centre, a deal that will bring a mixed-use development to the affluent Humber Valley neighbourhood.
Details of the agreement, reached through five days of mediation before the Ontario Municipal Board, remain confidential until it receives council approval next week. But area Councillor Gloria Lindsay Luby said it will "vastly improve" the original plans, which included three residential buildings, 654 apartment units and 28 townhouses.
"It's a good resolution," she said. "There are several parts of this deal that are precedent-setting for the city."
Story continues below advertisement
Dori Segal, CEO of First Capital Realty Inc., the shopping centre developer that owns the property, said the deal was two years in the making and is a result of negotiations with an active residents' group that hired its own professionals to develop alternatives for the site.
As part of their fight against the proposed redevelopment, residents peppered the area with Save Humbertown lawn signs and packed public meetings to voice their opposition to plans they said were "too big, too dense, too tall" for their suburban neighbourhood. They also hired an architect to develop a "Better Humbertown" proposal.
First Capital purchased the aging plaza at Dundas Street and Royal York Road several years ago with an eye to redeveloping it and has always believed it would become "a jewel" in its portfolio, Mr. Segal said, indicating he is happy with the outcome.
About 200 members of two local residents associations were given a preview of the plans earlier this week and gave them their support, Ms. Lindsay Luby said.
If approved by council next week, the deal will avoid a costly trial at the OMB, she said.
"It's good news for the community. It's good news for the taxpayer," Ms. Lindsay Luby said.
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE during a Wednesday interview went after the Democrats, saying the "Russia story" is a "hoax" created by his opponents.
"[T]his Russia story is a hoax made up by the Democrats as an excuse for losing an election that they should have won because it's almost impossible for a Republican to win the Electoral College," Trump told Reuters.
He went on to say there was "zero coordination" between his presidential campaign and the Russians.
ADVERTISEMENT
"It's the dumbest thing I've ever heard. There's no coordination, this was a hoax, this was made up by the Democrats," Trump said.
"This is the greatest con job in history, where a party sits down the day after they got their ass kicked, and they say, 'Huh, what's our excuse?' "
He called the allegations of collusion between his campaign and Moscow to influence the outcome of the 2016 presidential election a "disgrace," adding it is "very bad for our country."
"And the Russians must be laughing, because this narrative is so bad for us as a country," he said.
Trump has in the past decried the investigation into Russian election meddling as a "witch hunt."
His comments come after Donald Trump Jr. earlier this week released a chain of emails detailing his conversations about setting up a meeting last year with a Russia lawyer who he was told had damaging information on Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
Trump has since defended his son, saying during the interview that "many people would have held that meeting."
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An ex-Muslim campaigner has hit out after she was banned from speaking at Warwick University when the students' union said it was concerned she could incite hatred or offend Islam.
Human rights campaigner Maryam Namazie, a member of the Council of Ex-Muslims, is well known for giving talks which challenge aspects of the religion she does not agree with.
(Image: Mallorie Nasrallah.)
“Criticising an idea, which is what religion is, is not racism. It's the definition of people being able to live how they want.”
The Iranian-born secularist was invited to Warwick University's Students' Union by Warwick Atheists, Secularists and Humanists' Society to give a talk on October 28.
But the university's students' union later blocked the invitation and, in a response shared by Ms Namazie, said: “This is because after researching both her and her organisation, a number of flags have been raised. We have a duty of care to conduct a risk assessment for each speaker who wishes to come to campus.
“There a number of articles written both by the speaker and by others about the speaker that indicate that she is highly inflammatory, and could incite hatred on campus. This is in contravention of our external speaker policy.”
The response goes on to detail other aspects of the policy including the guidance that speakers “must seek to avoid insulting other faiths or groups”.
Racism
Ms Namazie suggested the decision prevented important debate and amounted to oppression.
She said: “It angers me that we're all put in a little box and that anyone who criticises Islam is labelled racist. It's not racist, it's a fundamental right. The only way we can challenge aspects of Islam is through speech.
“The Islamic movement is a movement that slaughters people in the Middle East and Africa. It's important for us to speak about it and criticise it.
“Labelling us as Islamaphobic is a way of preventing us from expressing our dissent.”
Story Link:
She added: “My parents are Muslim, this is not about Muslims. There are many different types of Muslim.
“The students' union's decision labels all Muslims as reactionist and suggests they are all offended by people who leave Islam, and that is not the case.
“Criticising an idea, which is what religion is, is not racism. It's the definition of people being able to live how they want.”
Warwick University said the decision had not been made by them and was a matter for the students union.
Warwick Atheists have appealed the decision. The students union could not be reached for comment.
A baby born in Texas is confirmed to have microcephaly due to an infection with the Zika virus.
The child was born with the birth defect in Harris County, Texas, a region that includes Houston. The Texas Department of State Health Services (DSHS) announced that they received laboratory confirmation of a past Zika infection in a baby recently born with microcephaly. The child's mother had traveled from Latin America, where the department says she was likely infected with the virus.
This is the first Zika-related microcephaly case in Texas, though at least three other babies have been born in the U.S. with the defect due to the virus. Texas has reported 59 cases of Zika, including three confirmed cases in pregnant women.
The DSHS acknowledges that local transmission of Zika in Texas is likely. Dr. Umair A. Shah, executive director of Harris County Public Health, previously told TIME that he would not be surprised if Zika is already transmitting locally in the state, since identifying these cases will be difficult. In a statement, the DSHS said officials do not expect large widespread transmission through the state. “Small pockets of cases in limited clusters are more likely,” the statement says.
TIME Health Newsletter Get the latest health and science news, plus: burning questions and expert tips. View Sample Sign Up Now
“Our central goal is protecting unborn babies from Zika,” said Dr. John Hellerstedt, DSHS commissioner. “We are on alert for local transmission and will act fast to identify actual risk and continue to do everything we can to protect Texans.”
The White House requested $1.9 billion in emergency funding for Zika in February, but Congress has yet to pass a bill for it. The virus continues to spread through the Americas.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
On a Saturday night, a club called Lucca on Panyu Road fills up earlier than usual. The LGBT venue is “smack in the middle of Shanghai's gayborhood,” according to an online listing, just down the street from Celia and Telephone 6, and around the corner from Happiness 42, which is hosting a bottomless drinks deal to warm up for the main event.
Lucca is the celebrated site of Shanghai's biggest annual drag show, where some of the city's most celebrated queens can go all out. There are professional and amateur brackets, and even just showing up in drag with no intent to perform is absolutely encouraged. It's a free pass to step outside your comfort zone, where a young man wearing his first wig can rub elbows with a seasoned professional.
Kimberly Kumswell is the latter. Towering over the room at a statuesque six-and-a-halfish feet, her presence is tangible. Her long, explosive cotton candy hair falls down in graceful tufts around her face, and her expertly-shadowed eyes seem to see everything and nothing.
Kimberly is from Massachusetts, where she started doing drag in 2010 after auditioning for the role of “goofy sidekick” in a play and unexpectedly being cast as an evil sister. She's a new arrival in Shanghai, having spent the last two years in Shenzhen, but made the trip out to Lucca in 2016 to compete in last year's contest.
Fanning out with Kimberly
“I was really impressed by the drag scene here. While I was in Shenzhen I took a little break from drag because there weren't any opportunities. But my friend created an LGBT event in Shenzhen called SaturGAYS, and asked me to get involved with hosting and performing at the event. I'd taken almost a year-long break before that, and I really missed doing drag.”
In China the difference in progressive culture between first and second-tier cities, or even just outside of the Shanghai-Beijing dynamic, is significant. Even Shenzhen — technically also a first-tier city — is more of an economic and tech center than a cultural capital. Nonetheless, drag is spreading. Despite the ongoing LGBT media ban in China, overseas space being claimed by gay/drag culture resonates with viewers here, and the presence of real-world events is on the rise.
“I think Rupaul's Drag Race has really changed how people look at drag. Drag will never be mainstream, but the show has really removed some of the stigma surrounding drag within the gay community. There's also an online tutorial for everything now…how to make hip pads, how to cover your eyebrows, how to contour, how to style a wig…the internet has taken the place of a drag mother or drag family for a lot of people who may have otherwise been cut off from learning the tricks of the trade because they didn't have the support and guidance of other drag queens. I know so many Chinese people who watch drag races and are interested in drag. But it's events like this that will really make Shanghai drag culture evolve.”
So with the help of the internet, China's LGBT community is more and more ready to embrace drag. At the same time, it's still a source of confusion for most people in the country. Open expression of LGBT identity was unlawful until a painfully recent piece of legislation in 1997, so having it wrapped up in the distinctly Western phenomenon of modern drag culture makes it all the more difficult to grasp. This is all despite the fact that China has its own centuries-old tradition of drag performance, in the shape of cultural treasures like Peking Opera and crosstalk comedy.
Chinese opera performer prepares to play a female role (Photo: China Daily)
“I've talked about it with a lot of Chinese people, and what I've been told is that it's just a foreign concept. I can feel that when I walk down the street in drag. It's just not on people's radar. Even though forms of drag are everywhere — I might be watching a Chinese TV show and see a guy dressed as a lady to be funny. That's drag! But for the most part, people just don't think about it. When I've interacted with Chinese people while I'm in drag they usually just think it's funny. I'm talking about older people who I see on the street. I stop and take photos with people and they laugh. The Chinese people I meet at events and bars interact with drag queens the way people do all over the world: they smile, maybe take a photo, and then tell the drag queen she's beautiful, or tall, or both.”
At Lucca, the positive energy is overflowing. Amateur enthusiasts and first-timers crowd the dance floor and stage, to collective shouts of approval from their squads, before the area is cleared for the professionals. The diversity of acts is actually astounding. There are polished acts like Kimberly's, and others that seem more hectic.
One is Titanic-themed, with two costume changes and a supporting actor playing Jack. It culminates in a lip-synced rendition of I Will Always Love You that's spectacular enough to resurrect him from the grave.
One is some sort of futuristic androgyny theme (“new concept!” shouts someone behind me), the performer dressed in a genderless spandex suit with cone-shaped metallic breasts. She does robot dance move to raucous applause.
The night's sole drag king does not disappoint, treating us to a full-on Muay Thai spectacle, with fight choreography and topless six pack action.
Kimberly, already deep into her performance, pulls back her dress to reveal a bottle of moisturizer tucked into her hosiery, which the audience is invited to dispense onto her. I don't get dehydrated, I moisturize it daily, I am my inspiration, I am my inspiration, the song echoes.
Later, Kimberly takes the stage to accept an award from the judges. The crowd is cheering, and so are the other queens.
“Here it's a mix of foreigners and locals performing. In NYC, you could throw a false eyelash and hit a drag queen. There are so many queens trying to make it there that it can feel really competitive. In Shanghai, I feel like we're all working hard, and we have a good community in place too.”
Another Unfortunate Example Of Facebook Silencing Important Videos
from the where's-the-line dept
The video uploaded by Leung on August 7 showed him approaching a black car which he claimed followed him for a month. When Leung asked the two men inside the car where they came from, they replied “grandpa” – a slang term used for the Chinese Communist Party.
“I don't want to know about you. Someone wants to know about you – I don't want to know,” said one of the men in the car.
Leung was informed on Tuesday night that his original video was removed for not complying with Facebook's community standards. Shortly after, he uploaded it again and was banned from posting for 24 hours after the new post also got reported
Another day, another case of Facebook disappearing a video that it should have left up. A politician in Hong Kong says that Facebook banned him from the site for 24 hours for a "terms of service violation" after he posted a video of him confronting men who had been following him around for weeks.That seems like a valuable and important video in the public interest. But Facebook didn't think so:Of course, once the story started getting press attention, suddenly Facebook restored the video. Funny how that works.Either way, though, it's yet another reminder of how much power some of these platforms have over important speech, and how they become centralized attack vectors for those who wish to hide such information.
Filed Under: censorship, edward leung, free speech, hong kong
Companies: facebook
The federal government will axe the Australian Renewable Energy Agency (ARENA) in Tuesday's budget as part of its plan to drastically cut spending.
The AFR reports that ARENA is one of 50 government bodies that face the chop when Treasurer Joe Hockey delivers the budget on Tuesday night.
According to the AFR, the other bodies in the firing line include the Council of Australian Governments Reform Council and the COAG Reform Council.
The budget will cancel $1.3 billion in funding to ARENA that hasn't already been allocated to renewable energy projects and introduce legislation to dissolve it as an independent agency. However, about $1 billion in existing contracts currently managed by ARENA will be honoured.
According to the SMH, the news was not well received by the Clean Energy Council.
“What's disappointing here is that the Coalition really went out of its way prior to the election to restate their commitment to ARENA,” said Kane Thornton, deputy chief executive of Council.
He added that this “would send concerning signals to the renewable energy sector broadly but also to investors around the world who are making investments under ARENA, and are watching closely the outcome of the RET review.”
Citing the proposed axing of the Clean Energy Finance Corporation, possible changes to the renewable energy target, and this latest decision, ARENA chairman Greg Bourne claimed the government is showing that it doesn't real support renewable energy.
Even so, Finance Minister Mathias Cormann denied the decision to axe ARENA or any of the 50 government bodies is driven by ideology.
New York City children exposed in the womb to high levels of pollutants in vehicle exhaust had a five times higher risk of attention problems at age 9, according to research by Columbia University scientists published Wednesday.
The study adds to earlier evidence that mothers' exposures to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), which are emitted by the burning of fossil fuels and other organic materials, are linked to children's behavioral problems associated with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).
“Our research suggests that environmental factors may be contributing to attention problems in a significant way,” said Frederica Perera, an environmental health scientist at Columbia's Mailman School of Public Health who was the study's lead author.
About one in 10 U.S. kids is diagnosed with ADHD, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Children with ADHD are at greater risk of poor academic performance, risky behaviors and lower earnings in adulthood, the researchers wrote.
“Air pollution has been linked to adverse effects on attention span, behavior and cognitive functioning in research from around the globe. There is little question that air pollutants may pose a variety of potential health risks to children of all ages, possibly beginning in the womb,” said Dr. Andrew Adesman, chief of developmental and behavioral pediatrics at Steven & Alexandra Cohen Children's Medical Center of New York. He did not participate in the new study.
Previous studies by the Columbia University researchers linked prenatal PAHs to reduced IQs, anxiety and depression, attention problems and developmental delays in younger children, between the ages of 3 and 7.
In addition to PAHs, a variety of other pollutants have been linked to ADHD or ADHD-like behaviors.
Included are organophosphate pesticides, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), phthalates and perfluorinated compounds.
For the new study, the researchers followed the children of 233 African-American and Dominican women in New York City. They measured the amount of benzo[a]pyrene bound to DNA – a biological marker for PAHs – in the mothers' blood at the time of birth. Forty-two percent had detectable levels in their blood.
When the children were about 9 years old, parents filled out a questionnaire commonly used to screen for ADHD behavior problems. The researchers found that children whose mothers had the highest amounts of the PAH at the time of birth were five times more likely to show more behaviors associated with inattention than children whose mothers had the lowest levels. They were three times more likely to exhibit more total behaviors (inattention, hyperactivity and impulsivity) associated with ADHD.
The levels of PAHs were “quite typical of other urban areas that have been monitored,” Perera said.
It's not known how many of the children had an ADHD diagnosis.
The questionnaires indicated some behaviors involved in ADHD, but they do not mean that the child necessarily has ADHD, said David Bellinger, a Harvard professor of neurology who studies effects of environmental exposures on kids' developing brains.
“The diagnosis of ADHD involves much more extensive information-gathering and ruling out of other diagnoses,” he said.
The researchers were the first to measure PAHs directly in people's bodies rather than using air pollution levels as a proxy for their exposures.
“Having these individual measures of exposure reinforces the possibility that there is a causal connection,” said Jonathan Chevrier, an environmental health scientist at McGill University in Montreal.
The scientists tested the children's urine samples to distinguish prenatal from postnatal air pollution exposures. They also controlled for other factors in the child's genetics and early life experiences, such as tobacco smoke and stress, that could contribute to ADHD-like symptoms.
The researchers, however, did not account for children's exposures to lead or mercury, two contaminants that also have been linked to attention problems. “It's possible that exposure to one of these substances is highly correlated with PAH exposure,” Bellinger said.
It's not clear how PAHs might affect developing brains. “We know that these chemicals damage DNA. They also mimic natural hormones and may interfere with placental growth,” which could deplete oxygen and nutrients for the developing fetus, Perera said.
Since the Columbia team started tracking air pollution levels in 1998, PAHs have declined, which Perera attributes to stricter anti-idling laws and phaseout of older diesel buses in New York City.
“Air pollution knows no boundaries. These involuntary exposures are largely the provenance of policymakers,” Perera said.
This article originally ran at Environmental Health News, a news source published by Environmental Health Sciences, a nonprofit media company.
The U.S. FDA has approved Bayer's BetaConnect, the first electronic autoinjector for the treatment of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS). The BetaConnect system will be available exclusively to Betaseron patients beginning early next year.
“Offering new options to individuals with MS to help manage their disease is important since ‘one size does not fit all' when considering MS treatment,” said Douglas Franklin, president and chief executive Ooficer of the Multiple Sclerosis Association of America in a statement. “Betaseron was the first disease-modifying therapy approved by the FDA to treat RRMS patients, and today we are pleased to offer the first and only electronic auto injector for those living with the disease,” added Klaus Marten, Bayer's vice president and general manager of neurology.
The BetaConnect system allows current Betaseron patients to customize their injection speed and depth settings using the included syringes in their Betaseron packaging. The BetaConnect system also included a back-up reminder that alerts the patient when it is time for the next injection. During the automatic needed insertion and retraction, the system uses an audio and visual end-of-dose indication to let the patient know that the injection is complete.
“Injectables are an important therapeutic option for RRMS and the FDA approval of BetaConnect represents an important step that gives patients the ability to tailor certain aspects of their injections,” said Amy Perrin Ross, APN, MSN, CNRN, MSCN, past president of the International Organization of MS Nurses, in a statement.
For safety information for Betaseron, go here.
For instructions on how to use BetaConnect, go here.
Theresa May's personal crusade to expand the number of grammar schools is in serious jeopardy today as senior Tory, Labour and Liberal Democrat MPs unite in an unprecedented cross-party campaign to kill off the prime minister's flagship education reform.
In a highly unusual move, the Tory former education secretary Nicky Morgan joins forces with her previous Labour shadow Lucy Powell and the Liberal Democrat former deputy prime minister Nick Clegg to condemn the plans as damaging to social mobility, ideologically driven and divisive.
We must help poorer pupils, but not through selection | Nicky Morgan, Lucy Powell and Nick Clegg Read more
The formation of their cross-party alliance against grammar school expansion, which is opposed by about 30 Tory MPs, spells yet more political trouble for May on the domestic front. Last week, chancellor Philip Hammond was forced by a revolt in his own party into a humiliating budget U-turn over national insurance rises for the self-employed, and Conservatives lined up to oppose planned cuts in school funding.
Launching their combined assault, and plans to work together over coming months, in an article in the Observer, Morgan, Powell and Clegg say the biggest challenges for a country facing Brexit, digitisation and changes to the nature of work, are to boost skills, narrow the attainment gap between disadvantaged children and their peers and boost social mobility. By picking a fight over plans to expand selection in schools, May will, they argue, sow division, divert resources away from where they are needed most and harm the causes she claims to be committed to advancing.
Before a debate in the Commons on social mobility this week, the three MPs say it is time to put aside political differences and fight instead for what is right. “We must rise to the challenge with a new national mission to boost education and social mobility for all,” they write. “That's why we are putting aside what we disagree on, to come together and to build a cross-party consensus in favour of what works for our children – not what sounds good to politicians.”
In a clear swipe at May, they say: “Those championing selection as the silver bullet for tackling social mobility, or as the panacea for creating good new school places, are misguided.” They add: “While there are positive moves in other areas, such as the new T-levels and opportunity areas, all this good work will be squeezed out by an endless debate about more selection.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Critic: former education secretary Nicky Morgan. Photograph: Daniel Leal-Olivas/AFP/Getty Images
“All the evidence is clear that grammar schools damage social mobility. Whilst they can boost attainment for the already highly gifted, they do nothing for the majority of children, who do not attend them. Indeed, in highly selective areas, children not in grammars do worse than their peers in non-selective areas.
“Having the brightest children in comprehensive schools helps raise standards for all, increasing aspiration and intellectual capital in a school. This isn't a zero-sum game. As Sir Michael Wilshaw [the former head of Ofsted] has said, he delivered an excellent education for his pupils through the comprehensive system precisely because the school was mixed ability.”
The prime minister has made an expansion of selection her own personal crusade and it is one of her few clear domestic reform plans. But it has run into intense opposition from her own backbenchers, including the Tory chair of the education select committee, Neil Carmichael, and much of the teaching profession.
In the budget 10 days ago, Hammond announced an additional £320m for free schools and grammars, and No 10 insisted that May would press ahead. But with a Commons working majority of 17 – and with the government reeling from the budget fiasco – party whips are aware they will struggle to get the plans through the Commons.
Opponents point out that, as with the Hammond U-turn over national insurance, May's plans are not in line with the Tory manifesto at the 2015 general election, which made no mention of lifting the ban on new grammars. Conservative critics are privately urging ministers to signal a softening of the policy when a white paper on education reform, expected within the next few weeks, is published.
In their article, Morgan, Powell and Clegg say: “In a time when resources are so limited and many other educational reforms are still in their infancy or yet to be proven – from University Technical Colleges and new T-levels to the expansion of free childcare and hundreds of new free schools – now is not the time for more division or political ideology in education.
“Times have moved on. Expanding selection isn't part of the answer to tackling social mobility.”
While we're still waiting with bated breath for the teased new My Bloody Valentine record, New York rockers The Strokes have followed through on the claims they've been making since 2011's Angles. Despite the time difference between their 3rd and 4th albums, The Strokes will make a relatively short turnaround in releasing Comedown Machine on March 26th, nearly two years to the date of their previous LP's premiere. The band had stated previously in interviews following Angles that they were already working on the follow up, the first taste of which is available for streaming below.
So what are the chances that The Strokes are the secret Governors Ball headliner? Will they even tour at all? There are still many things to be unveiled leading up to Comedown Machine's release so keep it tuned here for all the latest regarding The Strokes' 5th full length effort.
Pre-order Comedown Machine via The Strokes' official site.
Skip to comments.
Obama Administration Wants to Allow Scientists to Make Human-Animal Hybrids
Life Site News ^ | August 4, 2016 | STEVEN ERTELT
Posted on by NYer
The Obama administration today announced it has flung the door wide open to scientists making grisly human-animal hybrids. After overturning the Bush administration limits on forcing taxpayers to fund embryonic stem cell research, this is the latest move by President Barack Obama to manipulate and destroy human life in unethical experiments.
Here's more:
The federal government announced plans Thursday to lift a moratorium on funding of certain controversial experiments that use human stem cells to create animal embryos that are partly human. The National Institutes of Health is proposing a new policy to permit scientists to get federal money to make embryos, known as chimeras, under certain carefully monitored conditions. One issue is that scientists might inadvertently create animals that have partly human brains, endowing them with some semblance of human consciousness or human thinking abilities. Another is that they could develop into animals with human sperm and eggs and breed, producing human embryos or fetuses inside animals or hybrid creatures. But scientists have argued that they could take steps to prevent those outcomes and that the embryos provide invaluable tools for medical research.
Bioethicist Wesley Smith has previously warned about letting scientists police themselves — because they often throw ethics and a respect for human life out the window.
Click here to sign up for pro-life news alerts from LifeNews.com
The real question is when are we going to enforce the regulations with sharp teeth? Do we need to criminalize these experiments to get scientists to stop? Because when we say, ban  certain kinds of experiments, we are pejoratively labeled as anti science, and that we should trust the scientists not to stray too far afield. Talk is cheap. The truth is, I think many scientists oppose any permanent and meaningful restraintson themselves and each other. If I am right, society will have to forcefully take matters into its own hands.
So just what will these scientists do?
Researchers in the U.S. are tinkering with a disturbing new experiment that mixes human and pig cells to produce a hybrid embryo. Scientists at the University of California, Davis are trying to use pigs as biological incubators to grow human organs, according to the report. Walter Low, a professor at the University of Minnesota, said scientists hope to develop a method to grow various organs for transplant, including pancreases, hearts, livers, kidneys, lungs and corneas.
Low explained that cells would be taken from the patient needing an organ and used to grow an exact genetic copy of that organ in a pig embryo. This method would reduce the chance of a patients body rejecting the organ transplant, he said.
Sometimes referred to as chimeras, animal-human hybrids have been the subject of experiments in the past. The University of Rochester implanted newborn mice with nascent human glial cells to test brain activity involved with learning and memory, LifeNews reported. The University of Wisconsin also has conducted human-animal studies.
There are serious concerns about the ethical implications of such research.
In 2009, pro-abortion President Barack Obama issued an executive order allowing funding on life-destroying embryonic stem cell research, including for human-animal hybrid embryos, LifeNews reported. This rescinded President George Bushs policy prohibiting taxpayer-funding of the life-destroying practices.
TOPICS:
Business/Economy
Culture/Society
Extended News
Government
KEYWORDS:
ca
davis
embryos
obama
To: Tax-chick; GregB; SumProVita; narses; bboop; SevenofNine; Ronaldus Magnus; tiki; Salvation; ...
FYI ping!
by 2 posted onby NYer (Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust destroy them. Mt 6:19)
To: NYer
All I can think about concerning this are Noah and the Great Flood.
To: NYer
It's already been done.
To: NYer
I can only guess what evil the Democrats have in mind for breeding such things. Assassins?
Sex toys?
Beasts of burden?
To: Crucial
They can start with Obama and Hillary.
To: RushIsMyTeddyBear
Absolutely right - days of Noah. Obama is incredibly stupid — and dangerous. Signs of the times.
by 7 posted onby HombreSecreto (The life of a repo man is always intense)
To: NYer
The movie “Splice” is about to become reality.
To: NYer
They have been doing it for years.They want funding now.He pees in the girls room.Everything is normal to him.
by 9 posted onby fatima (Free Hugs Today :))
To: NYer
This latest move has satanic implications. Demons and other symbols of evil are usually a blend of human and beast.
To: NYer
by 11 posted onby Bobalu (Democrats use guns to shoot the innocent. Republicans use them for self-defense.)
To: NYer
That's how we got O'bummer the talking Jack***.
by 12 posted onby SandRat (Duty - Honor - Country! What else needs said?)
To: fatima
by 13 posted onby Bobalu (Democrats use guns to shoot the innocent. Republicans use them for self-defense.)
To: Crucial
Given the way the sex industry has driving so many other developments, I suspect that's where the big money for this would come from. I remember a science fiction story from long ago - must have been the 80s, when I subscribed to “Fantasy & Science Fiction” - on this subject.
by 14 posted onby Tax-chick ("From the cradle to the grave, man is unteachable." ~ Winston Churchill)
To: NYer
Must resist urge to make comment about Moochie,
Must resist urge to make comment about Moochie,
Must resist urge to make comment about Moochie,
Must resist urge to make comment about Moochie,
Must resist urge to make comment about Moochie,
Must resist urge to make comment about Moochie,
Must resist urge to make comment about Moochie,
To: NYer
This was already being done, but with private money. The devil's servant wants all Americans to now pay for these ‘procedures', making all of us complicit in the evil. The reason GOD had NOah build an ark was to save Noah from the polluted genome of animals and humans GOD was about to drown ...
by 16 posted onby MHGinTN (A dispensational perspective is a powerful tool for spiritual discernment)
To: Bobalu
He likes the boys to pee in the girls room.Sicko.
by 17 posted onby fatima (Free Hugs Today :))
To: Crucial
Organ and tissue harvesting. They tell us up front why they want to do these evil things!
by 18 posted onby MHGinTN (A dispensational perspective is a powerful tool for spiritual discernment)
To: NYer
“Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could, they didnt stop to think if they should”
To: NYer
Of course they do.
by 20 posted onby E. Pluribus Unum (If you are not prepared to use force to defend civilization, then be prepared to accept barbarism.)
Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.
FreeRepublic , LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson
Taking RPG to the Next Level #SRPG
Greetings Lords, this is Fantasy War Tactics support team.
As mentioned in the recent Developer's Note, there will be three different guild update pre-events!
One! [Join a Guild and Get Soul Gear Summon Shards!]
▶ Event Period: (Thurs.) – 06.01 (Wed.)
▶ How to Participate: Join a guild! The number of members of your guild will determine the rewards!
* Please stay in a guild until 06. 02 (Thurs.) for event participation*
▶ Event Rewards:
Guild Members 1 - 5: Soul Gear Summon Shards x10
Guild Members 6 - 10: Soul Gear Summon Shards x20
Guild Members 11 - 15: Soul Gear Summon Shards x30
Guild Members 16 - 20: Soul Gear Summon Shards x50
*What is Soul Gear Summon Shard?
It's a shard that can be crafted to Soul Gear Summon Piece (The details will be notified through the future patch note)
▶ Result Announcement: 06. 07(Tues.)
▶ Event Notes
1) Event rewards will be based on the number of guild members on 06.02 (Thurs.)
2) You will not receive the rewards if you leave a guild during 05.19(Thurs.) and 06.02(Thurs.)
3) The rewards will be delivered through inbox and will be discarded if not received within 48 hours of delivery.
4) If you have already joined a guild, you will automatically be participating the event.
Two! [Racing to the Top! Battle of Honor Participation Event]
▶ Event Period: 05.23 (Mon.) 00:30 am (UTC+00) – 05.30 (Mon.) before the BoH season ends
▶ Event Note:
The number of members of your guild that participate in the Battle of Honor will determine the rewards! * Please stay in a guild until 06.02 (Thurs. ) for event participation*
▶ Event Rewards:
BoH Participation 5 or more members: 1★ Guaranteed Set Item Capsule x3
BoH Participation 10 or more members: 2★ Guaranteed Set Item Capsule x3
BoH Participation 15 or more members: 3★ Guaranteed Set Item Capsule x3
* The rewards are not cumulative.
▶ Result Announcement: 06. 07 (Tues.)
▶ Event Note:
1) Event rewards will be based on the joined guild upon 06.02 (Thurs.) server maintenance.
2) Each capsule gives one set item..
3) The rewards will be delivered through inbox and will be discarded within 48 hours of delivery.
Three! [2x EXP & Gene Fragment Event!]
▶Event Period 05. 19(Thurs.) ~ 06.01(Wed.)
▶Event Details:
Date Detail Area 05.19 (Thurs.) EXP 2x Verna, Girgas, Company, Lista, Foose, Glory, Vulcan, Ashan, Moon Island Gene 2x Tezen, Nereid 05.20 (Fri.) EXP 2x Verna, Girgas, Company, Lista, Foose, Glory, Tezen, Nereid, Moon Island Gene 2x Vulcan, Ashan 05.21 (Sat.) EXP 2x Tezen, Vulcan, Glory, Nereid, Ashan, Verna, Company, Foose, Girgas, Lista, Moon Island Gene 2x None 05.22 (Sun.) EXP 2x Verna, Company, Foose, Girgas, Lista, Moon Island, Tezen Vulcan, Glory, Nereid, Ashan Gene 2x None 05.23 (Mon.) EXP 2x Company, Lista, Foose, Glory, Tezen, Nereid, Vulcan, Ashan Gene 2x Verna, Girgas, Moon Island 05.24 (Tues.) EXP 2x Verna, Girgas, Moon Island, Foose, Glory, Tezen, Nereid, Vulcan, Ashan Gene 2x Company, Lista 05.25 (Wed.) EXP 2x Verna, Girgas, Moon Island, Company, Lista, Tezen, Nereid, Vulcan, Ashan Gene 2x Foose, Glory 05.26 (Thurs.) EXP 2x Verna, Girgas, Company, Lista, Foose, Glory, Vulcan, Ashan, Moon Island Gene 2x Tezen, Nereid 05.27 (Fri.) EXP 2x Verna, Girgas, Company, Lista, Foose, Glory, Tezen, Nereid, Moon Island Gene 2x Vulcan, Ashan 05.28 (Sat.) EXP 2x Tezen, Vulcan, Glory, Nereid, Ashan, Verna, Company, Foose, Girgas, Lista, Moon Island Gene 2x None 05.29 (Sun.) EXP 2x Verna, Company, Foose, Girgas, Lista, Moon Island, Tezen Vulcan, Glory, Nereid, Ashan Gene 2x None 05.30 (Mon.) EXP 2x Company, Lista, Foose, Glory, Tezen, Nereid, Vulcan, Ashan Gene 2x Verna, Girgas, Moon Island 05.31 (Tues.) EXP 2x Verna, Girgas, Moon Island, Foose, Glory, Tezen, Nereid, Vulcan, Ashan Gene 2x Company, Lista 06.01 (Wed.) EXP 2x Verna, Girgas, Moon Island, Company, Lista, Tezen, Nereid, Vulcan, Ashan Gene 2x Foose, Glory
Thank you
BRADENTON, Fla. — Jalen Carethers, four weeks removed from his final game as a basketball player at Radford, was at a loss. Sports had always come easily to him, but now he was standing in the middle of a multipurpose field at IMG Academy, cradling an oblong ball in his hands and doing his best to figure out how to make this foreign object fly.
“Where on the foot do you want to hit it?” he asked.
Michael Ablett, a national talent manager for the Australian Football League, advised Carethers to snap his leg and make contact with his forefoot. The idea, or at least the hope, was to keep his foot stiff so that he would generate enough force to send the ball end over end on a smooth parabola.
“All right,” Ablett said as he took a few generous steps in the general direction of safety, “let's have a bit of a go at it.”
A steady rain began to fall. Carethers took a deep breath, squared his 6-foot-7 frame and drop-kicked the ball, which wobbled toward the sky with the ferocity of a bat trapped in an attic. It was, if nothing else, a start.
Everyone wants to become a better person, but some people just don't know how.
At the end of each day, I like to reflect and see what I can do to become a better person. Not only that, but I have a goal of leaving an imprint on the world for doing great things. By setting aside some time each day to reflect on what behaviors were good and bad, I have the opportunity to grow.
Growing up, I wasn't the nicest kid. I would make fun of others, I was selfish, and I thought the world revolved around me. Fast-forward a few years and I've grown tremendously. I'm no longer the annoying child I was because I have grown and learned what it means to be a better person.
After learning what it means to be a better person, I've been able to develop my persona into someone I don't mind being. I am a lot happier with who I am and I would have no problem telling my future kids the type of person I am.
Here are 9 ways to be a better person through self-development:
Advertising
1. Be Willing To Change
In order to become a better person, you have to be willing to change.
Change is the only way to grow and progress into the person you want to become. Many people are against change, which can make it very hard to grow.
When you keep an open mind and are willing to change, you are able to grow into the person you want to become.
2. Stop Making Excuses
When I first started my company in high school, I made excuses every time something went wrong. I would blame others, blame the customer, or anyone else involved. However, I would never blame myself for things that went wrong.
Instead, I learned that taking accountability for your own mistakes is extremely important. I stopped making excuses, took the blame when it was truly my fault, and was able to achieve so much more. By understanding that I made a mistake, I was able to use my mistakes to learn which in turn helped me become a better person.
Advertising
If you find it difficult to stop making excuses for yourself, it's time to tune your motivation. Here's how:
What Motivates You And How to Always Stay Motivated
3. Stop Being Angry
Many people let anger and rage alter their decision-making skills. I used to be an angry person growing up, but I only saw it damage relationships with people and increase my blood pressure.
Controlling anger is an extremely difficult skill to master, but it is very beneficial. Instead of getting angry, I decided to find a way to change my negative emotion. Staying angry doesn't help me or solve any problems, it only creates more of them. Find some way of relaxing your nerves when you're angry, a stress ball was very helpful for me.
4. Be A Role Model
Sometimes you need to be a role model to someone to really get your act together. Once I became an entrepreneur and people started to look up to me, I became a lot more cautious about the way I behaved. I didn't want to disappoint people by showing them I was immature or a bad role model.
Advertising
You can start small and be a “big brother” to someone, coach a kids' team, or be a role model to your children. No matter what you choose to do, always make decisions that the person looking up to you will respect.
5. Forgive Someone
Forgiving someone who hurt you is very difficult to do. When I got upset at someone for doing something, I could never forgive them. Even if it was a petty thing, I would hold it against them for the rest of their lives which was not healthy.
I quickly learned that humans are prone to making mistakes. Instead of holding mistakes against them for life, try to forgive someone. To become a better person, go through your past and forgive someone that did something to hurt you.
6. Listen To People
People are extremely busy with their careers, families, and lives. Everyone is in a rush, but people rarely ever have time to listen to what others have to say. I learned that listening to people and giving everyone a voice is one of the greatest things you can do.
I got to meet some of the most amazing people, close some of the biggest deals, and develop connections that will last me a lifetime all because I took time to listen to people. Being a good listener can change your life in a positive manner.
Advertising
7. Be Honest
Honest people are hard to come by nowadays. However, honesty is the best remedy for any situation. Promise yourself that you won't tell any lies for a month straight.
Challenge yourself to be honest by developing good habits. If you're a compulsive liar, start small by trying to be honest for 1 day. After you accomplish a smaller goal, increase the goal by 2 or 3.
8. Do Something You Don't Want To
Keeping an open mind and trying things that you wouldn't normally do is a very easy way to become a better person. Take a risk and challenge yourself to try something you've always been scared to do.
You'll only live your best life once you step out — here's why.
Growing up, I was terrified of roller coasters. However, I eventually gave in as a teenager and had the time of my life. I would have never experienced roller coasters unless I had been willing to get over my fear and give it a shot. That one experience has led me to try numerous other new things.
9. Surprise Someone Special
Do you have a loved one in your life? Whether it's your spouse/romantic partner, your children, or a family member, plan a special surprise for them. If you know someone who deserves a nice vacation or a new gift, go buy it for them.
One of the most rewarding feelings in the world are knowing that you made someone smile. Surprise the special someone in your life by doing something out of the ordinary for them!
When the occupation seems to become a bit too ‘quiet,' the Israeli military is always there to fully contain and eliminate the threat.
By Talal Jabari
Israeli intelligence has intercepting would-be suicide bombers down to a fine art. The military is quite adept at quashing demonstrations in the West Bank (they did a very thorough job at leveling entire sections of the Gaza Strip during the 2014 military campaign). And along with every Israeli military action come the right-wing politicians who make their television appearances, patting themselves on the back and talking about eliminating the enemy — all the while reinforcing their fear-mongering message that Israelis face an existential threat from the Palestinians.
The military wasn't really ready for — nor really knew how to deal with — the adult Palestinians who fit no certain profile who started plowing their cars into people, or teenage Palestinians with no political affiliation who started a spree of stabbing attacks. That, however, did not stop the right-wing government from carrying on with its message, while assuring the populace that the solution to the current problems is more oppression.
But a more significant threat to the establishment has reared its ugly head, and no amount of military training, nor advance intelligence warnings can stop it. What makes this threat worse than the stabbing attacks is that it is posed by the majority of the Palestinian populace, and they're relentless about it: the desire to live a normal life.
It is difficult to keep track of the amount of times Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and other right-wing ministers have gone before the cameras to complain about Palestinian violence. And although that violence was only committed by a minutia of Palestinian society, that never prevented the Israeli authorities from imposing widespread collective punishment. However, one would assume that the fact that the level of violence has dwindled almost entirely should have the PM elated, perhaps even celebratory.
But “quiet” isn't what the establishment actually wants. Quiet doesn't help explain why tens of thousands of Israeli soldiers are needed to protect the Israeli settlements. ‘Quiet' doesn't explain why Israel actually needs to keep those settlements. Quiet definitely doesn't encourage Congress to send more money to Israel in the form of military aid. And most importantly, quiet doesn't explain why the status quo of collective punishment over the Palestinian people is maintained through various mechanisms, some more oppressive than others.
It only makes sense, then, that the Israeli military be deployed to fully contain and eliminate the threat of quiet. Case in point: according to an article by Haaretz's Nir Hasson last month, the Israeli Border Police were mandated in an internal memo to cause “friction” with the Palestinian population in East Jerusalem. In other words, if it gets too “quiet,” it's their job to make a little noise. This process of initiating said “friction” landed a 12-year-old boy in hospital; he has reportedly suffered permanent brain damage.
Furthermore social media reports seem to indicate that the policy of initiating friction isn't limited to the Border Police, nor is it limited to East Jerusalem. A video posted to Facebook last week shows four young Palestinian men sitting and chatting when an Israeli army jeep pulls up. The young men look at the jeep, the occupants of which, after a slight pause, open the rear door and lob a stun grenade at them. Has it been too quiet in Ramallah lately? And before you respond with, “they must have done something wrong, otherwise why would the army do that?” the army announced that the soldiers involved were disciplined for the unwarranted action.
This past week another story emerged, this time out of Sinjil in the West Bank, where the Israeli army had taken over a house as a temporary outpost. A few weeks in the house and it looks more like the set of The Walking Dead than someone's home. The army issued an apology, and again reportedly tried the officer in charge. One cannot help but wonder, however, if this was another “friction” initiative by the Israeli military.
There are dozens of similar cases that have gone unreported because there didn't happen to be any cameras filming, or because the practice is so commonplace that it rarely makes the news. But as the situation stays quiet and Netanyahu faces greater political opposition, one can only assume “friction” initiatives by the Israeli military against Palestinian civilians will only increase.
Talal Jabari is a Palestinian award-winning documentary filmmaker and journalist from East Jerusalem. He tweets from @TalalJabari.
Casting has been announced for Bend It Like Beckham at the Phoenix Theatre, which opens on 24 June 2015 (previews from 15 May).
Natalie Dew will lead the cast as football mad Jess, with Jamie Campbell Bower making his West End debut as coach Joe.
Musical theatre regular Lauren Samuels (Grease, We Will Rock You) will play Jules, with Ronni Ancona (Little Revolution, The Big Impression) as Jules' mum Paula, and Jamal Andréas as Tony, Preeya Kalidas as Pinky, Tony Jayawardena and Natasha Jayetileke as her parents, Mr and Mrs Bhamra.
The adaptation of the British comedy drama, which starred Keira Knightley and Parminder Nagra, has music and lyrics by Howard Goodall and Charles Hart, and will be directed by the film's director Gurinder Chadha.
Natalie Dew's theatre credits include Teh Internet is Serious Business and Rough Cut (Royal Court) and Twelfth Night (Liverpool Everyman). Jamie Campbell Bower is known for his film and TV roles including Tim Burton's Sweeney Todd, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Parts I and II, and he plays King Arthur in Camelot.
The rest of the cast includes Sohm Kapila, Buckso Dhillon-Woolley, Harveen Mann, Irvine Iqbal, Karl Seth, Sejal Keshwala, Serina Mathew, Sharan Phull, Rakesh Boury, Jorell Coiffic-Kamall, Tom Millen, Daniel Bolton, Raj Bajaj, Michelle Bishop, Lisa Bridge, Chloe Chambers, Genesis Lynea, Kirstie Skivington, Danielle Young, Rekha Sawhney, Shahid Khan and Kayleigh McKnight.
Bend It Like Beckham is currently booking to 11 July 2015. Buy tickets from £15.00.
Loading...
With every pop release hailed like the coming of a prophet have the big names of the mainstream sucked up too much critical oxygen? Michael Hann asks if poptimism has merely ended up becoming as narrow minded as the rockism it usurped. (Pictured - the "pop South Sea Bubble" of PC Music)
"A rockist is someone who reduces rock & roll to a caricature, then uses that caricature as a weapon. Rockism means idolizing the authentic old legend (or underground hero) while mocking the latest pop star; lionizing punk while barely tolerating disco; loving the live show and hating the music video; extolling the growling performer while hating the lip-syncher."
Those are the words of Kelefa Sanneh, from a 2004 piece in the New York Times that served as a manifesto for poptimism, the belief that pop was being short-changed and needed to be defended. It rallied the lovers of pop against those who would dismiss music for not being, well, made by blokes with guitars. At that time, the strength and worth of Sanneh's words was evident. That was a point at which music's conversation was being dominated by whey-faced rock bands, by the postpunk revivalists coming out of New York and London, by earnest Canadians such as Broken Social Scene and Arcade Fire. It was the highpoint of indie rock's supremacy, the days when the right trousers and a little bit of attitude could buy you a million great reviews, high slots on festival bills, and major label record deals.
That's not the case now, of course, which is no bad thing. But has something else replaced rockism? Try turning around Sanneh's sentences, and they make sense today, 13 years on, but with a very different meaning: "A poptimist is someone who reduces pop music to a caricature, then uses that caricature as a weapon. Poptimism means idolising the latest pop star while mocking the authentic old legend; lionising disco while barely tolerating punk; loving the music video and hating live performance; extolling the lip-syncher while hating the growling performer."
Ideologies congeal. They cease to be alternatives and become hegemonies. Where once they sought to change the debate, they come to dictate it. They become the pigs at the end of Animal Farm, adopting all the grisly accoutrements of whatever they came to supplant. That's as true in music as it is in politics. It happened with punk; it happened with Britpop. Movements that were insurgent became establishment; they were codified with their own set of rules about what and what was not acceptable.
That's true of poptimism, too. Poptimists argued, once, that the disposal and the shiny were as valuable as the self-consciously worthy. They argued that the single was as worthwhile as the album. They insisted that unquestioning reverence for a style of music - reverence that was adopted just because that was the way things were, rather than because of any inherent worth in the music - was unjustified.
Now, though, pop occupies the space that, for many years, rock had colonised: the one in which, in the critic Douglas Wolk's words, rock was "normative", in other words, "rock is the standard state of popular music: the kind to which everything is compared, explicitly or implicitly". That's now the case with pop, and other non-rock genres, such as R&B and hip-hop.
It turns out, though, that the poptimists are just as proscriptive as the rockists. Poptimism has its own sacred cows, which are beyond challenge:
*The solo release by the member of a manufactured group is no longer the sad addendum to the imperial years; it is a profound statement of artistic integrity.
*The surprise release by the big-name act is in itself, a revolutionary act.
*To not care about Taylor Swift or Beyoncé or Lady Gaga or Zayn Malik is in itself questionable. It reveals not your taste in music, but your prejudices. In the worst-case scenario, you may be revealing your unconscious racism and sexism. At best, you're trolling.
*Commercial success, in and of itself, should be taken as at least one of the markers of quality. After all, 50m Elvis fans can't be wrong.
*Just as "authenticity" is worthless as a symbol of a music's worth, so contrivance and cynicism might be elevated and celebrated, as evidence of the maker's awareness of the game they are playing. (The pop South Sea Bubble that was the explosion of excitement around PC Music a couple of years back fits this bill.)
Poptimism's victory was sealed by the rise of algorithms and analytics. They meant editors and publishers, at the upmarket end as well as the downmarket, could see that stories about Beyoncé and Taylor and Rihanna and Justin et al were read, in a way that reviews of Pigs Pigs Pigs Pigs Pigs weren't. But, if you're upmarket, you can't just be reporting that Bieber's fallen down some steps, or that Beyoncé sneezed. You need to be able to justify your coverage, and that meant thinkpieces hailing the cultural significance of the new pop stars. After all, if your publication is serious, and covers subjects because they matter, you have to prove those subjects matter. And once you've decided these subjects matter, it's hard to turn round and say: "Actually, you know what? This isn't much cop."
I know that to be true, because (as music editor of The Guardian) I've been commissioning those pieces, knowing they will be read, and knowing that someone more senior than me has noticed Justin Bieber has done something silly and will want some consideration of that fact. It becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy, artists are taken seriously because they are treated seriously, and they are treated seriously because people want to read about them. If no one wanted to read about Taylor Swift, you would never see another thinkpiece about her. Instead, we enter an arms race of hyperbole, as we credit her with forcing Apple to change its streaming terms, dismantling the musical patriarchy, creating new paradigms in music and society.
Poptimism, in practice, has not meant championing those who do not get the acclaim they are due, so much as celebrating the position of artists who don't need their genius proclaimed, because the top of the charts rather than the underground is poptimism's home turf. And the default position of poptimism is to celebrate, rather than to critique. No one wants to be the killjoy, and that mood gets transmitted through the cultural conversation. Hence the uncertain but glowing reviews that poptimist causes celèbre receive from mainstream critics on releasing their new albums: no one wants to be the person who called the Beyoncé album rubbish after they had been allowed to listen to it once. Poptimism wants cheerleaders. It has got them, even among those who are not naturally cheerleaders. And those who benefit are not the outliers of pop, but the superstars and the major labels. Poptimism invites us to adore fame for its own sake, much as rockism invited us to bow down before Dylan and the Stones and Springsteen because, as any fule kno, they are the authentic greats.
Music shouldn't be about taking sides. Of course it shouldn't. And we all know that, which is why most of us bar the most genre-loyalist are happy to have multiple styles of music in our homes. We might even listen to Taylor Swift and Bob Dylan and The Fall on the same day. Most people aren't rockists or poptimists; they just listen to music, and they like it or they don't. But people are people: opinions might be shaped by the tone of a debate, or even by the fact that the debate is happening. If 5,000 thinkpieces appear about Beyoncé in any given week, by the end of that week, an awful lot of people are going to feel the need to have an opinion about Beyoncé, just as a previous generation felt they had to have an opinion about Dylan.
Poptimists need to return to asking the same questions they did when they questioned rockism: Does this record have merit beyond the name of its maker? Am I assessing it in line with a set of my own prejudices, or on its own merits? Is this album's worth defined by its status or its content? Poptimism was a way of interrogating the way people thought about music, about asking them to challenge their own preconceptions and their own confirmation biases about what did and did not constitute good music.
Now it is its own set of preconceptions and confirmation biases. And that's no use to poptimism, to good critical thinking, or to music itself. The creatures outside looked from poptimist to rockist, and from rockist to poptimist, and from poptimist to rockist again: but already it was impossible to say which was which.
Many people are still struggling to cope with their new economic reality after the most recent recession. One of the fastest and most effective ways to make a financial change is to lower your cable bill, or even eliminate it completely.
Here are several options that you have to lower your cable bill.
How to Cut Your Cable Bill
Get Rid of Unwanted Channels
Look at your bill and cut out all of the channels that you don't need. It doesn't make sense to pay for 800-1000 channels when you only watch about 6 or 7 regularly! Many times the company will try to force you to buy packages rather than individual channels; however, you may have some success with paying for only a few stations.
Take Advantage of a Bundle
Most service providers offer more than one related service. You may be able to combine your cable service, Internet connection, land-line phone, and maybe even your cell phone into one bundled service. Sometimes you can find significant savings by going this route (but not always), so make a quick phone call to your various service providers to see if any of them offer bundles.
Call and Ask for a Discount
Pretty much all cable companies offer various promotions and discounts. Usually these offers are extended to new customers, but not always. If you are a current customer, call up your cable company and ask them if they have any promotions available for existing subscribers. If not, ask to receive the promotion for new customers.
If they say that they can't, then threaten to cancel your service – you will quickly be transferred to their “customer retention department”, who will try their best to get your to stay. Normally, the first thing that they offer is the discount that you were told that you couldn't receive.
How to Eliminate Your Cable Bill
Cancel Your Service and Use Cable TV Alternatives
Were you expecting something a little more complex? This is by far the most effective way you eliminate your cable bill ;-)! However, this is usually the last choice for many facing serious financial trouble. Just cut your cable completely, and learn to find enjoyment out of other things in life.
Since I know that many of us can't imagine life without television, I list a few alternatives below.
Netflix
Netflix is a service that allows you to rent DVDs through the mail for a monthly fee. The way it works is that they mail you the movies that you wish to see, and you are allowed to keep them as long as you want – with no late fees – and once you return them, they will send you the next movies. You can repeat this cycle for as many times as you are able within the month.
In addition to this unlimited DVD rental feature is the ability to watch movies either on your computer or on your TV (through the assistance of various devices and consoles). We pay about $10 per month and we are able to watch a huge selection of movies, documentaries, series, and TV shows on our television through our Wii. This is also possible using a PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, iPad, iPhone, and even various Blu-ray players.
Hulu Plus
If you like to follow television shows on a regular basis and don't want to fall behind, Huluwill work for you better than Netflix. Hulu allows you to watch many of the currently running shows through your computer. Also, many of the same devices that can play Netflix offerings on your TV can handle Hulu as well. Hulu Plus costs $8 per month.
Other Services
Netflix and Hulu Plus are probably the two most known options. However, there are a number of other options for you to watch movies and television shows without subscribing to an expensive cable plan. I will just list them here, providing links to their websites:
*photo by Renjith Krishnan
Reader Questions
What have you done to cut or eliminate your cable bill? Do you have experience with any of these other options?
Google+ Comments
Starting Saturday, participating taxi companies are offering free rides up to $30 so people can get home safely. The Washington Regional Alcohol Program's SoberRide has been shuttling people after holiday festivities since 1991.
WASHINGTON — Starting Saturday, participating taxi companies are offering free rides up to $30 so people can get home safely.
SoberRide, sponsored by the Washington Regional Alcohol Program, will shuttle passengers starting Oct. 29 at 10 p.m. until Oct. 30, Sunday at 6 a.m. Riders must be 21 or older to use the service.
Calls must originate from Prince George's and Montgomery counties, Rockville, Bowie, College Park, Gaithersburg, Greenbelt and Takoma Park in Maryland; Washington, D.C.; Arlington, Fairfax, Prince William and Eastern Loudoun counties, Alexandria, Falls Church, Fairfax, Manassas and Manassas Park in Virginia.
To call for a ride, dial 1-800-200-8294 (TAXI).
For more information, go to the Washington Regional Alcohol Program's website.
2016 Halloween Sober Ride Posters by wtopweb on Scribd
Follow @WTOP on Twitter and like us on Facebook.
© 2016 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
Like every other Saturday, Sushil Kumar turned up on time at the HelpChat office. He worked as a Brand Expert for the company, remotely answering user queries on their app. However last Saturday was different. At 11 am, the HR team called Sushil and a few other employees to their office. “We will not be requiring your services any more. Today will be your last day at work.”
A bewildered Sushil didn't know what to think. Later that day, he learnt that his team manager and the assistant manager were served the same notice. “There was complete confusion in office”, says Sushil. Later in the day, they were again informally reminded that they wouldn't need to come in to work the next day.
On Monday, Sushil learnt that 150 of HelpChat's employees had been terminated. This included 90 Brand Experts, 4 Assistant Managers and 13 Team Leaders, reported the Bangalore Mirror. Employees believe that this is because they company has run out of funds after a promised new round of funding failed to materialize.
Just last week, HelpChat had acquired Mumbai-based start-up Niffler for an undisclosed amount. However, the company's growth streak doesn't seem to have helped its existing employees. “My team was performing well. However the HR told me that this decision wasn't based on performance but on an internal decision.”, said another employee.
Helpchat which was started under the name “Akosha” had started as a consumer redressal and complaints processing platform and recently pivoted into a personal assistant chat service platform. It had raised 100crores in funding in May 2015.
Employees allege that due processes were not followed in their termination and the company has mistreated them. Some employees are considering moving to court for a redressal of their grievances.
The Indian startup scene has seen some firings in recent months, including the widespread protests outside the office of B2B platform TownRush at HSR Layout. Earlier this week, food curation app Dazo had shut down and closed its offices.
Comments
comments
The mind-blowing true story of Pablo Escobar and the Medellín Cartel beyond their portrayal on Netflix.
Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar was a devoted family man and a psychopathic killer; a terrible enemy, yet a wonderful friend. While donating millions to the poor, he bombed and tortured his enemies – some had their eyeballs removed with hot spoons. Through ruthless cunning and America's insatiable appetite for cocaine, he became a multi-billionaire, who lived in a $100-million house with its own zoo.
Pablo Escobar: Beyond Narcos demolishes the standard good versus evil telling of his story. The authorities were not hunting Pablo down to stop his cocaine business. They were taking over it.
Shaun Attwood's WAR ON DRUGS SERIES – PABLO ESCOBAR, AMERICAN MADE, WE ARE BEING LIED TO and THE CALI CARTEL – are harrowing, action-packed and interlinked true stories that demonstrate the devastating consequences of drug prohibition.
Arsenal's match against Dinamo Zagreb goes out on the 78th anniversary of their involvement in the first ever live match, one of several initial false dawns before football's TV ascendance
Arsenal is on the telly on Wednesday night. Some things never change. As the Gunners take to the airwaves to play Dinamo Zagreb in the Champions League, it is 78 years to the day since they took part in the world's first-ever live televised football match. Happy anniversary, everyone.
The BBC's selection of Arsenal as the first team to feature on its newfangled Television Service was a simple matter of geography and convenience. The newly refurbished Arsenal Stadium was the closest ground to the BBC's Alexandra Palace HQ – Highbury had been the venue for its first-ever radio commentary, too, a 1-1 draw with Sheffield United 10 years earlier – and there was a ready-made gantry for cameras in the state-of-the-art East Stand.
Arsenal would face Arsenal Reserves in a specially staged friendly, the players having first been introduced to the viewers by George Allison, manager of the club and erstwhile BBC radio commentator. “The television demonstrations will show tactics on the field, shooting in goal, dribbling and goalkeeping,” began a preview in the Manchester Guardian. “Three cameras will be used, one being on the stands to give a comprehensive view of the ground, and two others near the goalmouth to give close-ups of the play and players and visual interviews. No film will be used, transmission being by radio direct to Alexandra Palace, which can actually be seen from the ground.”
So the schedule for Thursday 13 September 1937 on the BBC Television Service ran as follows:
3pm: Fancy That!
3.30pm: British Movietonews
3.40pm: Football at the Arsenal
3.55pm: Cartoon
4pm: Close
You're mainly interested in Fancy That!, aren't you. Well, this appears to have been a vehicle for the music-hall comic Douglas Byng, whose shtick involved the delivery of a relentless stream of double-entendre and barely disguised filth while wearing a dress. Marvellous. The BBC's daytime output has gone downhill ever since. This particular episode guest-starred Cyril Fletcher, who is probably best remembered these days for reading out misprints from local newspapers in a preposterously mannered style on 1970s consumer show That's Life!, but back in the day had an act even worse than that.
But we digress. Half the schedule was given over to Fancy That!, so by the time the news and Mickey Mouse's Wayward Canary were factored in, there was only a quarter of an hour left for the Arsenal to strut their stuff. Nevertheless, the Observer was enthused: “The football demonstrations from the Arsenal ground showed that even on the small screen television can give something worth seeing from a game covering so great an amount of ground.” While the programme was only seen by a handful of viewers living near the BBC's north London pile – media satirists! Insert your own glib comment about the figures BT Sport can expect on Wednesday night! – the experiment was deemed a success. Arsenal beat Sunderland 4-1 on the Saturday, which lent the whole affair good karma. Later in the year, the FA Cup final between Sunderland and Preston was shown in part. The following April, the England-Scotland international became the first game to be broadcast in full. Live football had arrived. It was, quite literally, on.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The scene earlier in 1937 at Arsenal's training session before the season started.
Admittedly it would take another 46 years before regular live league football became a fixture on British television screens, though that wait would have been a whole lot shorter had the Football League and ITV not made such a ham-fisted mess of The Big Game, which launched – another anniversary ahoy! – 55 years ago last week.
Val Parnell, the impresario who lent his name to Sunday Night at the London Palladium, struck a £150,000 deal with the Football League secretary, Alan Hardaker, for a series of televised games that would kick off at 6.50pm on Saturday evening. ITV would join the action just before the end of the first half, at 7.30pm, a move designed to give afternoon match-goers a chance to get back to their sofas. “It's viewing with a kick!” promised Parnell, a showman to his cigar-infused fingertips. What could possibly go wrong?
The first match in the series was between Blackpool and Bolton Wanderers. Unfortunately, a leg injury kept out the star turn, Stanley Matthews, while the main camera was placed behind one of the Broomfield Road goals, which made viewing all but impossible. Bolton won a dismal game 1-0.
And that would be that. The following week, Arsenal had been pencilled in for a home fixture with Newcastle United, but the Highbury board, miffed at the league pocketing Parnell's cheque without dishing it out, turned the cameras away. ITV missed out on a 5-0 rout. The week after, Spurs hosted Aston Villa. Again ITV had wanted in. Again ITV were told to do one. And again ITV missed out on a spectacular, Spurs thrashing Villa 6-2. The Howard Keel Show was transmitted instead. No consolation to the armchair fan, but in all probability an improvement on Fancy That!
Neil Young W/the Santa Monica Flyers
Queens College,
New York, NY
11/15/1973
Download:FLAC/MP3
Early Show
MAC>DAT>CD>CD>EAC>SHN
Recorded by Jerry Moore, AKG D1000E>Sony TC-110
Disc One
1 Don't Be Denied
2 When You Dance I Can Really Love
3 Tonight's The Night
4 World On A String
5 New Mama (Shut Up So I Can Play!!!)
6 Rolls Another Number
7 Tired Eyes
8 The Needle And The Damage Done
9 Flying On The Ground Is Wrong
Disc Two
1 Human Highway
2 Helpless
3 I Believe In You
4 Cinnamon Girl
5 Cowgirls In The Sand
6 Tonight's The Night
Late Show
Master Audience Recording > ? > CDR > EAC Secure > FLAC Frontend (8)
88:09 minutes – Sound: Fair (+) to Good
Disc One 45:28 minutes
1. Don't Be Denied
2. When You Dance, I Can Really Love
3. Tonight's The Night
4. World On A String
5. New Mama
6. Roll Another Number
7. Tired Eyes
8. The Needle And The Damage Done
9. Flying On The Ground Is Wrong
10. Human Highway
11. Helpless
Disc Two – 42:41 minutes
1. I Believe In You
2. Cinnamon Girl
3. Cowgirl In The Sand
4. The Losing End
5. Tonight's The Night
Tips from the Industry — How to successfully get your music on to Spotify playlists
Oliver Jackson Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 20, 2017
When I worked for a major record label, we conducted a survey to see if we could uncover a hidden gem to get our music heard by a wide audience.
Maybe there was a growth hack which we simply hadn't thought of, and without understanding the consumer behaviour surrounding music there was no way we'd discover this.
When searching for music promotion and how to get more views on Youtube for your music video, we were disappointed to see how many people were spending their money to look like they were receiving a lot of traffic and popularity, to find that it serves no greater purpose than an an ego massage.
The results of this survey told us that the majority of music lovers discover new music through Spotify playlists.
This didn't come as a huge shock, but it really hit hard just how few people paid attention to radio stations and music TV channels.
So we started working closely with distributors and brands to get our artists' tracks included on their playlists.
Not only did this help with plays from the playlist, but this helped us attract the Spotify algorithm which got us listed on the Discover Weekly playlists.
So here's our tips for getting your music on Spotify playlists:
If you have the budget, Hire a PR company who has the contacts to push your music to playlist curators for brands. Be careful with Music PR though, we've found that some companies can take your money and produce no results. Create your own playlist — Creating your own playlist and advertising it yourself could put you in a strong position to promote your own music. Artists can now create playlists through their own Spotify profile, or create a playlist such as “Perfect music to listen to while cooking” or “Ultimate USA Road Trip”, choose something niche. Then spend your time advertising the playlist on social media, search on Twitter “Road Trip” and reply to every single person who is going on a road trip that you suggest they subscribe to this awesome playlist that would compliment their journey. Add bands on to your playlist who have a large social media following, and message them saying you've added them in hope that they share your playlist with their followers There are many companies such as Ditto who take submissions for their widely followed Spotify playlists. We think it is definitely worth your time to submit your music to each of those. Finally, you can use a service such a Burstimo, this is a database of thousands of Spotify playlists where you can rent space on users playlists. Usually the bigger the playlists the more money you have to pay. But from £5 per month per playlist we found it was definitely money well spent.
I hope this helps, and please comment with any questions.
Lisa Murkowski takes shots at Sarah Palin, tea party
1. Alaska Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski had some harsh criticism for former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin (R) during an interview Monday night with CBS' Katie Couric.
"I just do not think that she has those leadership qualities, that intellectual curiosity that allows for building good and great policies," Murkowski said. "You know, she was my governor for two years, and I don't think that she enjoyed governing."
The Murkowski-Palin rivalry has deep roots. In 2006, Palin defeated Murkowski's father, Frank, in a hard-fought gubernatorial primary. And earlier this year attorney Joe Miller who had the support of Palin beat Murkowski in a Senate Republican primary.
Murkowski, who pursued a write-in candidacy after losing the Aug. 24 primary, also took a shot at the tea party Monday night, telling Couric that the reason she lost her primary was because she does not "pass the purity test" that the movement has set out. She used bipartisan rhetoric in describing where she falls on the issues.
"I will tell you, I am not one of those who wants Obama to fail," Murkowski said. "If he does well, that means the country's doing well. We don't have time as a nation to spend all of what we do blocking. We have got to figure out how we get to a point where we can be sitting around the table and talking about these difficult problems and advancing some solutions."
The latest returns from the Alaska Secretary of State's office show Murkowski taking the lead over Miller in the ballot count as write-ins continue to be tabulated. "Write-in candidates" captured 40 percent on election night to 35 percent for Miller. The hand count of the thousands of write-in ballots -- nearly 93,000 -- has produced an overwhelming number of votes for Murkowski, leading her campaign to grow increasingly confident of victory.
Earlier Monday, Murkowski told reporters that she met with Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (Ky.) and that she was assured that she will retain her seniority if she, as expected, wins her write-in bid; she is the top Republican on the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee.
2. When Senate Democrats and Republicans gather Tuesday to elect their leaders for the 112th Congress, drama will be in short supply.
The Republicans ranks are expected to be unchanged while Democrats are expected to, generally, stay the course in terms of their leaders, too.
The one job that remains unfilled for Democrats, however, may be the most important one: chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee.
With the Senate Democrats expected to meet Tuesday, the job of the campaigner in chief remains vacant. Even those close to the situation acknowledge that no obvious solution has presented itself and suggest that the post may not be filled Tuesday. Unlike other leadership posts that are decided by a caucus-wide vote, the DSCC slot is appointed by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid.
The post is not exactly a plum. Twenty-one Democratic senators as well as two independents who caucus with Democrats are up for reelection as compared to just 10 Republican incumbents.
A slew of senators -- from past DSCC Chairman Chuck Schumer to Virginia Sen. Mark Warner to Colorado Sen. Michael Bennet -- have turned down the gig.
Speculation continues to center on Washington Sen. Patty Murray who did the job during the 2002 cycle. But Murray is already a member of the Democratic leadership in the Senate -- she's the conference secretary -- and the typical profile of a DSCC chair is someone who wants to ascend to that level.
With Republicans prepared to put Texas Sen. John Cornyn at the head of the National Republican Senatorial Committee for a second straight cycle, it's imperative for Democrats to find someone to begin the arduous process of convincing incumbents to stick around for one more term, recruiting challengers and raising the money needed to be competitive.
3. Former Houston Mayor Bill White (D) said Monday that he will not run for the Senate in 2012.
White, who is coming off a failed gubernatorial campaign against Gov. Rick Perry (R), said he's not done with politics, but that he won't mount a seat for Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison's (R) seat.
"I don't have anything in mind," White said. "But I have to figure out whether I principally manage investments in businesses or run the businesses, and then, if I run the business, what kind of business."
Hutchison is weighing whether to retire or run for reelection, while a field of Republican challengers threatens her with a primary.
Among those Republicans are Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst, state Railroad Commissioners Michael Williams and Elizabeth Ames Jones, former Secretary of State Roger Williams and Dallas Mayor Tom Leppert.
On the Democratic side, former state Comptroller John Sharp campaigned for Hutchison's seat when it looked like there would be a special election, but it's not yet clear whether he is still planning to seek the seat.
4. Businessman Steve Daines became the first major challenger to Sen. Jon Tester (D-Mont.) in 2012, but it will be a while before we know whether Rep. Dennis Rehberg (R-Mont.) will also challenge him.
Daines, 48, hails from Bozeman and is an executive with a high-tech startup. He ran as lieutenant governor on an unsuccessful GOP ticket in 2008.
Rehberg, though, looms as a potentially formidable candidate in the Republican primary. A spokesman said politics will have to wait.
"Denny is focused on doing the job the overwhelming majority of Montana voters sent him to Washington to do," spokesman Jed Link said. "That means stopping job-killing tax increases and implementing real spending reform in Washington."
Rehberg has held the state's at-large congressional district since 2000 and is considered Republicans' strongest candidate against Tester.
Rehberg passed on a run against Sen. Max Baucus (D-Mont.) in 2008. Rehberg also has the option in 2012 of running for governor, as Gov. Brian Schweitzer (D) is term-limited.
5. Utah Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch has become one of the first members of Congress to come out in support of a potential 2012 presidential candidate -- and on top of that, his preferred candidate hasn't even formally announced that he's entering the race.
Hatch said his "preference" is that former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney (R) be the party's 2012 nominee for president.
"I'm quite sure he's going to run," Hatch said of Romney, who has made no secret of the fact that he's gearing up for a bid. (In fact, Romney last week took the number-one spot in The Fix's first 2012 Presidential Line.)
Hatch endorsed Romney for president in 2008 and encouraged him to give a public address on his faith, which Romney later did; both Hatch and Romney are members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints.
Recent polling shows that Hatch, who is up for re-election in 2012, is likely to face a tough race in his own right. Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz has said he is considering challenging the incumbent, and Hatch's Utah colleague, Republican Sen. Bob Bennett, was ousted at the state party convention earlier this year by conservative activists angry at his vote for the Troubled Asset Relief Program.
With Felicia Sonmez and Aaron Blake
The Post reported: “[President] Obama, fresh off his November reelection, began almost at once executing plans to win back the House in 2014, which he and his advisers believe will be crucial to the outcome of his second term and to his legacy as president. He is doing so by trying to articulate for the American electorate his own feelings — an exasperation with an opposition party that blocks even the most politically popular elements of his agenda.”
President Obama's campaign never ends (Mark Wilson/Getty Images).
This confirms what Republicans have been saying (despite liberal pundits' scoffing): The president is interested in breaking the back of the opposition not accommodating or passing centrist legislation. A senior GOP House aide was mattter-of-fact: “It's been clear since December that President Obama is more interested in leading his Organizing for Action campaign than leading this nation.”
The acknowledgment of the permanent campaign is quite an admission, casting most of what the president does in a more realistic light. He is engaged in bare-knuckle campaigning, not governing, when he engages in faux negotiations and goes around the country to hammer Republicans.
Michael Steel, spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio), took the high ground. “Our country faces real challenges: cutting spending, fixing our debt and deficit, getting our economy moving and creating jobs. Hopefully, those challenges — not partisan politics — will be the focus for the White House. The American people gave us a divided government, and we all have to make it work.”
Indeed it is an odd approach only two months after the last election. Aside from dropping the mask and conceding the high ground, the revelation about the president's 2014 strategy appears just at the time that he has been revealed to be untruthful with regard to the sequester. Now he wants the country to give him virtually unlimited power with a Democratic House? Moreover, in a midterm election the electorate is generally whiter, older and more conservative.
Is this the electorate (without Obama on the ballot) to hand him the House? Don Stewart, communications director for Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) answers, “Let's not forget, we've already seen what happens when he has an unchecked agenda: Stimulus, Obamacare and trillions in debt.”
Mice have a jungle of bacteria, viruses and fungi in their stomachs—and so do we. These microorganisms help both mice and us break down dinner. As we are finding, these bugs also help to regulate the immune system. But we are just starting to learn how these tiny organisms influence us and how changing their composition changes us.
In an attempt to find out, postdoctoral researcher Hachung Chung and her colleagues at Dennis Kasper's Lab at Harvard Medical School tried raising mice with exclusively human gut microbiota.
The human microbes did pretty well in the mice guts (the researchers could tell by culturing fecal pellets from these mice). Interestingly, though, the mice with these microbes did not: their immune systems remained underdeveloped. Even when researchers gave rat microbiota to mice, the mice's immune systems failed to mature. The results were published in the June 22 issue of Cell.
The findings are "perhaps the most definitive that I've seen," says Eugene Chang, a professor of medicine at the University of Chicago, who was not involved in the new study. They show "the critical and specific relationship between host and gut microbes, which is needed for proper development of the host immune response," he says.
The results support the thinking that we humans have coevolved with our microbes—and we're probably not the same without them. "The selection of partners is not by chance," Chang says. And that might explain why as we alter our microbiomes—with antibiotics and superclean upbringings—our immune systems have been changing as well, ushering in increasing rates of autoimmune conditions such as allergies and diabetes. "The consequence is that the balance between us and our microbes, determined through evolution, is upset in ways that impact our health and increase risk for many diseases that were previously uncommon," he notes.
Starting germ-free
For these experiments, starting germ-free is key. These extra-clean mouse colonies have been living for several years—and many generations—without contact even with the lab environment, so their stomachs remain in a prenatal state (as with humans): sans microbes.
The upside to a germ-free mouse facility is that because the animals' cages are sealed in airtight areas, it smells much better than rooms with standard caged lab mice. The downside is that they take a lot of care. Tools, food, bedding and water have to be sterilized via autoclave and introduced through a double-valve seal. Lab technicians and researchers reach into the cages with plastic gloves that are built into the sealed clear covers similar to the enclosure immunodeficient David Vetter, called the "bubble boy," lived in during his short life. A year after starting at the lab, Chung got married. And perhaps even more so than the food, flowers and guest list, she says, she planned the event largely around the mice.
Chung and her fellow researchers were interested in what happened if these mice got non-mousy microbiomes. To compare reactions with different microbiome compositions, Chung could then give these germ-free mice either human, mouse or rat microbiota (by feeding them microbiomes cultured from feces). One group was kept germ-free as a control.
After generations of mice had grown up with these microbiomes, the internal physical differences became striking. Pull out small intestine, large intestine and cecum (which is part of the digestive tract), and you will see that the germ-free mouse has an enlarged cecum that is much darker. This might be because it has had to expand in an effort to extract enough nutrients without a healthy normal gut flora. In the small intestine mice usually have nine to 12 lymph nodes, which can be seen as small bumps where immune cells, such as B and T cells, congregate. In the normal mice the lymph nodes were easily visible, but in the germ-free mice each was tiny and difficult to see indicating they had poorly developed immune systems. Likewise, the mice with rat microbiota had immature immune systems.
"This paper shows that different species do different things to their host," says June Round, an assistant professor at the University of Utah School of Medicine, who was not involved in the new study. "The host probably has specialized receptors" for specific microbe species that cue certain systemic reactions in the host body. But researchers are still looking to find what those might be.
Cleanliness next to illness?
The new findings do not provide a definitive yes or no for the hygiene hypothesis, which says that a lack of exposure to germs at a young age can lead to poorer health later in life. But, Chung says, "we think it can add another dimension to the hygiene hypothesis: it's not just exposure to any bacteria; it's exposure to the right bacteria." The rise in immune-related diseases might be sparked because "we're missing the right ones, the good ones," she says of the human-specific microbes.
Another recent report, put out by the Human Microbiome Project earlier this month, shows that our microbiomes are unique not just to us as a species but most likely to us as individual humans. A survey of microorganisms from 15 to 18 sites on 242 healthy adults found that there were vastly different populations.
A study by Chung's co-author Kasper showed that mice that were raised germ-free could have their immune systems "rescued" by certain microbes up to the first several weeks of age. Whether or not this is true for humans remains to be seen. Current literature suggests that in human babies the gut microbiome undergoes many transitions between birth and about age three.
The intimate role of microbiota in the immune system might also have implications for vaccine efficacy. Many childhood vaccines used in the U.S. and Europe sometimes are not as effective for children in developing countries. So anything that affects the microbiome, be it poor nutrition, toxins or parasites, might also be influencing how well the immune system develops
The findings also have implications for microbiome studies in the lab. "So many of us as researchers use the mouse to model human disease," Round says. Looking over the whole animal kingdom, broadly speaking, scientists see that "the mouse and humans have very similar microbiotas," she says, but the findings are crucial in showing a functional difference in these microbe communities. Researchers will need to be aware that mice are not having the same reaction to a human-evolved species.
Work in mice will, of course, continue. Round is looking at specific species of microbes and how they influence the host individually—and how the host is shaping the microbes that are there. "I think we're just on the cusp of figuring this out," she says. And that could be a boon to personalized medicine.
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders slammed President Donald Trump on Wednesday after energy giant ExxonMobil asked the White House to not yank the U.S. from participation in the landmark Paris Agreement.
The historic international climate deal has been a top target of Trump, who appears hell-bent on dismantling his predecessor's legacy. When former President Barack Obama signed the 2015 deal forged between nearly 200 countries, he had suggested that the Paris agreement may one day be seen as the moment the world decided to save the planet.
Advertisement:
Under the Paris accord, the U.S. agreed to reduce its carbon emissions 26 percent to 28 percent below the levels emitted in 2005. But on Tuesday Trump signed an executive order asking his Environmental Protection Agency chief to take action toward unraveling Obama's Clean Power Plan, which aims to lower emissions of greenhouse gases that warm the planet. According to Bloomberg, Trump's order lays out “a broad blueprint for the Trump administration to dismantle the architecture that former President Barack Obama built to combat the phenomenon.”
As Trump's White House seeks to unravel Obama's greenhouse gas commitments, a most unlikely ally of the largest climate change compact has emerged to lobby the new president.
The Paris accord is “an effective framework for addressing the risks of climate change,” a senior Exxon official wrote in a letter to the president's special assistant for international energy and the environment. “We welcomed the Paris Agreement when it was announced in December 2015 and again when it came into force in November 2016,” Peter Trelenberg, Exxon's manager for environmental policy, wrote to the White House.
In the March 22 letter the official from the energy giant, which currently is under investigation for its accounting practices related to climate change, argued that the Paris Agreement presents an opportunity to support greater use of natural gas. “It is prudent that the United States remain a party to the Paris agreement to ensure a level playing field, so that global energy markets remain as free and competitive as possible,” Trelenberg wrote to the Trump administration.
Reacting to the somewhat surprising news from Exxon, Sen. Sanders called it “pathetic that the largest oil company in the world understands more about climate change than the president of the United States.” News reports have raised questions whether Exxon concealed the impact of fossil fuels on climate change years before the issue made global headlines.
While Trump has little to gain from initiating the arduous, four-year legal process required to exit the Paris Agreement, he vowed repeatedly during his presidential campaign to “cancel” the climate agreement forged by Obama.
Advertisement:
“My administration is putting an end to the war on coal,” Trump said before he signed the executive order on Tuesday.
Trump's administration, however, may be more divided about the Paris Agreement than his actions convey. His secretary of state, former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson, indicated last week that he would support the Paris Agreement with some relaxations and adjustments. Tillerson believes that staying with the climate deal could help the country diplomatically, according to The New York Times, while Trump's senior adviser, Stephen Bannon, is pressing the president to officially pull the U.S. from the accord.
Former Vice President Al Gore has suggested that Trump will ultimately agree with Exxon, pointing to reports that Ivanka Trump, the first daughter who has an official role at the White House, will make climate change one of her “signature issues.”
Feature
Once again, Apple probably won't rock the boat with any new MacBook Pro, and will likely stick with Intel integrated graphics and lower end next-generation discrete GPUs rather than giving macOS users faster options.
We believe that the high-end 15-inch 2016 MacBook Pro will have a new AMD "Polaris" GPU, while lower-end 15-inch models and all 13-inch models will feature Intel integrated graphics.
DETROIT - A 14-year-old boy was shot Tuesday in the heart of Downtown Detroit near the intersection of Washington Boulevard and Grand River Avenue, police said.
Somebody shot the teenager in the foot while standing or walking near the intersection, then took off running toward Woodward Avenue, police said.
A teenager was shot Tuesday at Grand River Avenue and Washington Boulevard in Downtown Detroit. (WDIV)
A 14-year-old was shot Tuesday in Downtown Detroit. (WDIV)
The sound of gunshots echoing through the streets of Detroit caught workers at the Brass Rail bar off guard.
"I heard the gunshots," one employee said.
"A good six," another employee said.
By the time employees stepped outside, they said two men had run across Grand Circus Park. One went right into the bar, where the patio door was still open.
"He came around the bar like this, kind of snuck in and came up," an employee said.
"He did something at the end of the bar," an employee said. "At the time I wasn't sure what it was."
Employees at Brass Rail bar in Downtown Detroit said the shooter discarded bullets on the bar. (WDIV)
Brass Rail bar in Downtown Detroit (WDIV)
Tucked away at the end of the bar were bullets. Police believe the shooter tried to ditch them and other evidence as he tried to get away.
"He threw the bullets there, went around this way, threw the gun in the trash can and his buddy came back for it about 10 minutes later," an employee said.
Police said the shooter threw a handgun in the garbage near the scene in Downtown Detroit. (WDIV)
The man then walked toward Adams and Woodward avenues, dropping a gun in the trash. The brown handle of the handgun was visible under the leaves.
"I saw the gun laying in there, so that's when I walked over to the crime scene, got the police and told them I feel the suspect was in there and we have evidence," a witness said.
Police said the 14-year-old is in serious condition. It's unclear what prompted the shooting, officials said.
Police believe there are three crime scenes involved in the shooting.
"I'm just glad no one was killed tonight, and hopefully we can bring the perps to justice," an employee said.
Detroit police are searching for two men involved in the shooting.
The scene at Washington and Grand River is still active as police investigate.
Stay with ClickOnDetroit.com for updates.
Copyright 2017 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved.
Although some of the computer science ideas that the researchers are using are not new, the sheer scale of the software simulations is leading to learning systems that were not previously possible. And Google researchers are not alone in exploiting the techniques, which are referred to as “deep learning” models. Last year Microsoft scientists presented research showing that the techniques could be applied equally well to build computer systems to understand human speech.
“This is the hottest thing in the speech recognition field these days,” said Yann LeCun, a computer scientist who specializes in machine learning at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences at New York University.
Photo
And then, of course, there are the cats.
To find them, the Google research team, led by the Stanford University computer scientist Andrew Y. Ng and the Google fellow Jeff Dean, used an array of 16,000 processors to create a neural network with more than one billion connections. They then fed it random thumbnails of images, one each extracted from 10 million YouTube videos.
The videos were selected randomly and that in itself is an interesting comment on what interests humans in the Internet age. However, the research is also striking. That is because the software-based neural network created by the researchers appeared to closely mirror theories developed by biologists that suggest individual neurons are trained inside the brain to detect significant objects.
Currently much commercial machine vision technology is done by having humans “supervise” the learning process by labeling specific features. In the Google research, the machine was given no help in identifying features.
“The idea is that instead of having teams of researchers trying to find out how to find edges, you instead throw a ton of data at the algorithm and you let the data speak and have the software automatically learn from the data,” Dr. Ng said.
“We never told it during the training, ‘This is a cat,' ” said Dr. Dean, who originally helped Google design the software that lets it easily break programs into many tasks that can be computed simultaneously. “It basically invented the concept of a cat. We probably have other ones that are side views of cats.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The Google brain assembled a dreamlike digital image of a cat by employing a hierarchy of memory locations to successively cull out general features after being exposed to millions of images. The scientists said, however, that it appeared they had developed a cybernetic cousin to what takes place in the brain's visual cortex.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Neuroscientists have discussed the possibility of what they call the “grandmother neuron,” specialized cells in the brain that fire when they are exposed repeatedly or “trained” to recognize a particular face of an individual.
“You learn to identify a friend through repetition,” said Gary Bradski, a neuroscientist at Industrial Perception, in Palo Alto, Calif.
Video
While the scientists were struck by the parallel emergence of the cat images, as well as human faces and body parts in specific memory regions of their computer model, Dr. Ng said he was cautious about drawing parallels between his software system and biological life.
“A loose and frankly awful analogy is that our numerical parameters correspond to synapses,” said Dr. Ng. He noted that one difference was that despite the immense computing capacity that the scientists used, it was still dwarfed by the number of connections found in the brain.
“It is worth noting that our network is still tiny compared to the human visual cortex, which is a million times larger in terms of the number of neurons and synapses,” the researchers wrote.
Despite being dwarfed by the immense scale of biological brains, the Google research provides new evidence that existing machine learning algorithms improve greatly as the machines are given access to large pools of data.
“The Stanford/Google paper pushes the envelope on the size and scale of neural networks by an order of magnitude over previous efforts,” said David A. Bader, executive director of high-performance computing at the Georgia Tech College of Computing. He said that rapid increases in computer technology would close the gap within a relatively short period of time: “The scale of modeling the full human visual cortex may be within reach before the end of the decade.”
Google scientists said that the research project had now moved out of the Google X laboratory and was being pursued in the division that houses the company's search business and related services. Potential applications include improvements to image search, speech recognition and machine language translation.
Despite their success, the Google researchers remained cautious about whether they had hit upon the holy grail of machines that can teach themselves.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It'd be fantastic if it turns out that all we need to do is take current algorithms and run them bigger, but my gut feeling is that we still don't quite have the right algorithm yet,” said Dr. Ng.
Fresh off his keynote speech at the Faith And Freedom Conference in Washington last weekend, Herman Cain took a socially conservative hardline stance on sexual orientation in an interview with CBS News.
“I believe homosexuality is a sin because I'm a Bible-believing Christian, I believe it's a sin,” Cain said, adding, “I believe it is a choice.”
This puts Cain right in the sweet spot for evangelical voters, but perhaps on the wrong side of the American electorate.Recent polling has shown Americans are more tolerant of gays and lesbians than ever before. Americans are increasingly comfortable with same-sex couples getting married and raising children. When the Don't Ask, Don't Tell policy was ended in Congress last year, the public was overwhelmingly on board.
Nevertheless, Cain and his fellow contenders for the Republican presidential nomination have to win over conservative primary voters, who remain less comfortable with gays and lesbians than the overall population. So you're not going to see any of the candidates advocating gay marriage anytime soon (though former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman does support civil unions).
Still, Cain's statement to CBS puts him to the right of the field. This week, frontrunner Mitt Romney dodged questions about whether or not he believes homosexuality is a sin in an interview with CNN.
“Nice try, but I'm not going to get into that,” Romney said. “I'm not here in a religious context, I'm here as a candidate for president, and as a candidate for president or as a president I have to represent the interests of all the people.”
At an event in Iowa last month, Tim Pawlenty also dodged a question about whether or not he thinks homosexuality is a sin.
Newt Gingrich has taken a similar hard line to Cain's in the past, agreeing that homosexuality is “an abomination to God” and a sin but still supporting rights for gay couples like hospital visitation.
Rick Santorum is probably the most vocal of the candidates on the subject, and his view is decidedly opposed.
Cain may think that homosexuality is a sin and a choice, but he says that won't preclude him from appointing gays and lesbians to his cabinet, should it ever come to that.
Watch Cain talk sin and choice:
It was how Odysseus sailed the seas, how Columbus reached the Americas, and how Lawrence of Arabia found his way across the vast, featureless deserts of the Middle East.
For millennia, travellers used the stars to guide them on their journeys – a technique which, in recent decades, has been replaced by modern technology.
But now the US navy is reinstating classes on celestial navigation for all new recruits, teaching the use of sextants – instruments made of mirrors used to calculate angles and plot directions – because of rising concerns that computers used to chart courses could be hacked or malfunction.
“We went away from celestial navigation because computers are great,” said Lt. Cmdr. Ryan Rogers, the deputy chairman of the naval academy's Department of Seamanship and Navigation. He told Maryland newspaper The Capital Gazette : "The problem is there's no backup."
The era of celestial navigation ended with the launch of satellites in the 1990s, which evolved into the Global Positioning System (GPS). While celestial navigation can calculate your position within 1.5 miles, by 1995 GPS could pinpoint your location within feet, and the system has never been shut down.
Today, 31 satellites circle the Earth, each twice a day, costing American taxpayers about $1 billion (£650 million) a year.
"The perceived need for sextants was taken away," said Peter Trogdon, president of nautical instrument company Weems & Plath in Annapolis, Maryland.
Mr Trogdon, said sales of sextants plunged after the arrival of GPS. "There's only a few thousand sold a year," he said. "Most of those are sold to yachtsmen who want to have a backup."
“If you can use GPS, it's just so much more accurate," said Lt. Cmdr. Ryan Rogers. But, he added, "we know there are cyber vulnerabilities."
Recruits to the academy in Annapolis, Maryland, have this autumn seen study of the stars return to their curriculum for the first time since it was dropped in 2006. It was reinstated for navigators in 2011, but not for the whole navy. Pilot programmes are also beginning for army reservists in Philadelphia, Rochester and Auburn.
"Knowledge of celestial navigation in the GPS era provides a solid backup form of navigation in the event GPS becomes unreliable for whatever reason," said Captain Timothy Tisch, of the US Merchant Marine Academy – which has never abandoned celestial navigation.
"It is also good professional practice to use one navigational system to verify the accuracy of another."
The first midshipmen to receive training were juniors this summer. From autumn next year, all newly enlisted sailors will have to study the stars and learn theories of celestial navigation during an advanced navigation course. The Class of 2017 will be the first to graduate with the reinstated instruction.
“This is the first semester we added it in, so we're just baby-stepping it,” said Lt. Christine Hirsch, who teaches navigation at the academy. Only three hours will be taught. “We just added the theory, but we really do have the capabilities to expand.”
Mr Trogdon said the decision was “fantastic”.
"How cool is it to go back to the ancestral technique?"
Police on Wednesday arrested a married couple from the city of Elad after a search of their home revealed more than 200 marijuana plants and hundreds of grams of the drug.
The woman claimed in her defense that she had tried to prevent her husband from growing the plants, and even bought a rabbit to eat them, but to no avail.
Related stories:
The husband, a 37-year-old yeshiva student and his 35-year-old wife were arrested over suspicions of growing and dealing drugs. Rosh Ha'Ayin police who raided the family home found 210 potted marijuana plants in the children's room. Some 400 grams of the drug itself were also discovered.
During the investigation the suspect said that he is considered a torah scholar but as he suffers from aches and pains he smokes the drug, which eases his suffering. He even sought approval to use the drug for medicinal purposes but was refused.
Rabbit makes some headway
The wife denied the charges and claimed that she was against growing the drugs and using them. She noted that she had argued with her husband over the matter and even brought home a rabbit, hoping it would eat the plants.
Following the arrest, social services took the family's three children to relatives while the husband and wife were brought before the Petah Tikva Magistrate's Court, where they were remanded for three days.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Broadcasters of the televised leaders' debates have rejected the Green party's request for its leader, Natalie Bennett, only to appear in one debate.
The Greens' plea for Bennett and their MP Caroline Lucas to both have a go at the debates has been declined by the BBC and ITV, which are the broadcasters who will each host the small parties on a seven-way panel.
The New Statesman learns that the party requested that Bennett only appear in one of the debates. It sounds like the party is trying to limit Bennett's media appearances to avoid damage to its reputation, following her recent embarrassing performances.
A Green spokesperson confirms that the party made such a request, but insists it was made "a long time ago, way before last week", referring to Bennett's notoriously disastrous interview on LBC on the day of the Greens' election campaign launch at the beginning of last week.
The spokesperson says: "There was a discussion within the party a few weeks ago where we decided that we'd like one debate with our MP, and one with Natalie. This was not in response to any of her interviews, it's just that it would have been good to have both, and as a party we've always tried not to put too much of a focus on leadership. There was a long time in the past when we actually didn't have a single leader."
Although the party states this request was made a while ago, its attempt for Lucas and Bennett to share the debates in the first place suggests that it doesn't have full confidence in its leader, who has had a number of poor media performances recently, to win over voters via the TV debates.
Also, the Greens' statement is at odds with Bennett's comments about a month ago during an interview on the BBC's Sunday Politics, when she insisted that she alone would be doing the debates, following suggestions that Lucas wanted to take part: "They're 'leader debates', and I'd be doing those."
Photo: iStockphoto
Advertisement
England's publicly funded health care system, the National Health Service (NHS), has endorsed more than a dozen depression treatment apps, but there's no proof that most of them actually work, according to a report published this week in the journal Evidence Based Mental Health. The authors of the report examined each of the fourteen depression apps the NHS lists in its app library and found that only two of them had been clinically validated using standard metrics.
Depression apps are computer-based programs that help people monitor their symptoms, provide education, and sometimes offer coping skills and therapy. But many of the NHS-endorsed apps “seemed a bit sketchy” or made strange recommendations, says Simon Leigh, an author of the paper and a senior health economist at Lifecode Solutions in Liverpool, UK. “I think it was rather dangerous of the NHS to endorse them without having the information.”
Leigh's study is the latest in a slew of reports finding that mental health apps generally lack rigorous testing. Recent research papers on apps that treat bipolar disorder, eating disorders and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) found a similar dearth of evidence validating app developers' claims.
“Mobile health apps are increasing at an amazing rate, and most don't have any empirical validation,” says Stephen Schueller, a clinical psychologist at Northwestern University who specializes in internet and mobile interventions for depression, and was not involved in the NHS study. “The last time I looked at the literature, there were five or six randomized controlled trials of an app for depression, and none of those apps were available on a public app store, and none ran on an iPhone or Android operating system. So anything that I would want to touch as a consumer has not been validated in a randomized controlled trial”—the gold standard of clinical research, he says.
The gap between consumer health technology and science to support it is nothing new, of course. Computerized systems that help physicians make clinical decisions fail two-thirds of the time, according to a paper published in June. And a report published last month by IMS Institute for Healthcare Informatics found that more than 165,000 mobile health apps are now available to consumers—twice as many as two years ago—severely outpacing the mechanisms by which physicians can assess them. Fifty percent of them have “limited functionality,” according to the report.
The fact that thousands of mental health apps may be bunk may not come as a surprise to many consumers. The trouble comes when an influential national health system like NHS puts its stamp of approval on an app without requiring standard mental health tests to be applied to it, says Leigh. Metrics the NHS commonly uses to accredit other mental health treatments include the Generalized Anxiety Disorder 7 (GAD-7) and the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9). Only two of the apps listed on the NHS library—Big White Wall and Moodscope—used such metrics, Leigh's study found.
The potential harm of a depression app that doesn't work is that it could compound feelings of anxiety and lack of motivation. “I'm untreatable. I'm a failure. These are common symptoms of depression,” says Schueller. “Lack of motivation is another big one, so if a person gets motivated enough to download an app, and then it doesn't work, we might have missed that window and they might not get motivated again,” he says. “But I'm not terribly worried that these apps might actually cause problems for a person,” he says.
NHS does not claim to have officially accredited the apps in its library, but “their badge is plastered all over them,” says Leigh. “And the NHS badge connotes an implicit level of quality.” The NHS says it chooses apps based on three criteria: that the apps are relevant to people in England, that they use information from a trusted source, and that they comply with legislation on appropriate use of data.
The NHS did not return Spectrum's request for comment by press time. The agency has noted on its website that its health app library, which began in 2013, was a pilot project, and is scheduled to close this week. A new list of online mental health services has appeared on the NHS Choices website.
Other reports have criticized the NHS apps library as well. Imperial College London last month published a studying finding that many of the agency's endorsed apps sent unencrypted personal and medical details over the internet.
The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) so far hasn't taken much of an active stance on validating mental health apps. The agency published guidance [pdf] in February this year, noting that apps that are intended to help with coping skills for people with depression and other psychiatric conditions may be subject to FDA oversight. One developer of cognitive health software, Akili Brain Interactive, plans to approach the FDA for approval of its therapeutic video games. The FDA in 2010 approved the first prescription-only diabetes app, called BlueStar.
Where can I get it?
Install it from the Chrome Web Store (it's free and will always be free).
What is it and what does it do?
Put simply, Clarify is an extension for Google Chrome that is designed to improve website readability for dyslexics.
It makes use of the Eulexia font and a low visual stress colour scheme, in combination with other best-practice techniques, to make reading big chunks of text a much more comfortable experience for people with Dyslexia.
How do I use it?
Once installed, activate Clarify by clicking it's icon in the Chrome menu. The icon will turn green when Clarify is switched on.
Moving your mouse around the website will now highlight the elements on the page. Once you have the text you want to read highlighted, click the mouse.
A pop up will appear on the screen with the text reformatted by Clarify. Clicking outside of the pop up, or deactivating Clarify by clicking the Chrome menu icon, will close the pop up and return you to the website.
You can highlight larger areas on the page to include more than a paragraph at a time, and all images and links will be copied in to the pop up.
Why?
As a dyslexic I often struggle to read long paragraphs of text in tiny fonts with poor line spacing - Wikipedia is a prime example of this and was actually the reason I began this project. I wanted an easy way to reformat the content of a Wikipedia article in to something I could read without my brain making the letters swim after a few lines. A little research showed that there are other Chrome extensions that are designed to address this problem, but when I tried them I found they worked inconsistently and didn't necessarily do very much more than alter the font face.
Developing extensions for Chrome isn't a massive departure from my day job of planning and building websites and apps, so I decided to try and create something that solved the problem in the way I wanted. The result is Clarify.
What if I want to give you feedback?
Get in touch with me on Twitter, I'm @Hill79.
Intern Uprising: A Mix Of Songs Our Bosses Missed
This audio is no longer available.
toggle caption Courtesy of the artists
We are the NPR Music interns. You may have seen our stories on the website in the past four months. We were extremely lucky to snag such an internship, and our superiors (i.e., everyone here) were receptive to pitches, but... well, let's just say they missed out on a ton of great songs.
We would get a song in here and there, revisit a classic album or interview an artist, but we spent most of our time just learning the ropes. Now, it's our chance to show off our curating chops.
In this week's edition of The Mix, you'll find songs we love from 2011 that we felt got underrepresented, even neglected, on the site. Listen long enough, and you'll hear lost gems of the Indonesian psych era, ATLien hip-hop, bleached California punk and greasy railroad songs. The picks range from little-known DIYers to hotshots with their own publicists.
This is the music that fueled NPR Music's trio of spring interns through four strange and incredible months spent slaving away at NPR's headquarters. Cheers to that.
Latest Version
Stonesense Slate 2.3:
The Stonesense Content Repository
If stuff's not working
Spoiler (click to show/hide) If you are unable to connect to DF, before doing anything else, try updating to the latest Memory.xml file.
If the application fails to launch (version 2.1 only) ("The application failed to initialize properly (0xc0150002)"), you might be missing some runtimes. This should really only happen if Windows update hasn't run in ages or for any other reason is many years outdated. You can try downloading the Visual Studio runtimes from Microsoft:
(2.6MB)
(2.6MB)
NB! Some people have noted that the second package works better from this source, put up by McBeer:
(unofficial, but seems to work for
Ubuntu 10.10 problems
In Ubuntu 10.10 ("Maverick Meerkat") by default disables the ability of one program to read the memory of another. This is stop Stonesense and any other DF tool from working. Please see
, before doing anything else, try updating to the latest Memory.xml file. This is a direct link to the latest version known to be compatible with Stonesense. Stonesense Slate 2.2 should be DF31.16 compatible.("The application failed to initialize properly (0xc0150002)"), you might be missing some runtimes. This should really only happen if Windows update hasn't run in ages or for any other reason is many years outdated. You can try downloading the Visual Studio runtimes from Microsoft: Microsoft Visual C++ 2005 Redistributable Package (2.6MB) Microsoft Visual C++ 2005 SP1 Redistributable Package (2.6MB)NB! Some people have noted that the second package works better from this source, put up by McBeer: http://www.easy-share.com/1912193426/vcredist_x86.zip (unofficial, but seems to work for A LOT of problems)In Ubuntu 10.10 ("Maverick Meerkat") by default disables the ability of one program to read the memory of another. This is stop Stonesense and any other DF tool from working. Please see this thread for a suggested workaround. Thank you rmunn for bringing this to our attention.
Spoiler (click to show/hide) For version 2.3
* DF31.21 compatible
* Support for multi-threaded rendering
* Support for different grass types
* More animals, chickens, rabbits etc
Spoiler (click to show/hide) * Full-map screenshot is currently broken
* Kidnapped children show up where they were snatched.
* Fullscreen mode shows some stability issues.
Stonesense is a third party visualizer that lets you view your Dwarf Fortress world in a classic isometric perspective.This used to be the official thread for feedback, questions, requests or bug reports.We are always looking for help on Stonesense, and we are in particular looking for isometric sprite artists.So if you want to join us in creating the Official Stonesense tileset, let us know by posting in this thread!Please note however, we must reserve the right to screen contributions.We do this to preserve a consistent look for the official tileset, hope you understand:)Stonesense is currently being maintained and distributed as a part of the DFHack package, for more details seeMost recent stand-alone release.compatible. The Stonesense Content Repository is where you will find user madeextension packs to improve and customize your Stonesense installation.And if you're a modder or artist, this is the place to show people your work!Stonesense Slate is only compatible with the 2010 versions of DF, that is 31.x. If you are using an older version of DF, the Granite release is still available changelog:Known issues:Currently Stonesense is being developed by Jonask, Japa, Solifuge and Kaypy.
In contrast with The New York Times' 2004 analysis of the benefit Teresa Heinz Kerry gained from the Bush tax cuts, the Los Angeles Times, The Wall Street Journal, the Associated Press, and The New York Times did not note, following the May 23 release of a summary of her 2006 tax returns, that Cindy McCain also benefited significantly from the tax cuts -- which Sen. John McCain has pledged to make permanent.
Following the release of part of Cindy McCain's 2006 tax returns on May 23, the Los Angeles Times, The Wall Street Journal, the Associated Press, and The New York Times noted that she reported more than $6 million in income for that year. But in contrast with The New York Times' analysis in 2004 of the benefit to Teresa Heinz Kerry of the Bush tax cuts, none of those outlets noted that Cindy McCain also benefited significantly from the tax cuts -- which her husband, Sen. John McCain, has pledged to make permanent.
In an October 16, 2004, article, The New York Times reported of Heinz Kerry, the wife of 2004 Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John Kerry (MA): "She was a big beneficiary of the reductions in tax rates on dividends and capital gains that have been enacted under President Bush. She collected more than $2.2 million in dividends, all of which qualified for the new 15 percent tax rate, saving her $440,000, compared with the 35 percent rate that previously applied to dividends for those with a million dollar-plus incomes."
In contrast with the Los Angeles Times, The Wall Street Journal, the AP, and The New York Times, in a May 24 article, Washington Post staff writers Jonathan Weisman and Matthew Mosk said that Cindy McCain's "returns also show just how much the McCain family stands to gain from the Arizona senator's pledge to make permanent President Bush's tax cuts, which he voted against."
From the May 24 Washington Post article:
Her returns also show just how much the McCain family stands to gain from the Arizona senator's pledge to make permanent President Bush's tax cuts, which he voted against. "She's pretty rich," said Leonard Burman, a former Treasury official at the Urban Institute, who is the director of the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center. "She would do well under Senator McCain's plan." According to the summary, Cindy McCain earned $299,418 in wages and salary in 2006, much of which is taxed now at 35 percent but would be taxed at 39.6 percent if the Bush tax cuts lapse as scheduled in 2011. The bulk of her income -- $4.55 million -- came from trusts, real estate rentals, partnerships and other passive ventures. The campaign did not release her Schedule E, which would have detailed them. The McCain campaign did not release details of her tax deductions, but they totaled $569,737, a relatively small amount on income topping $6 million. Burman said that indicates a small amount of charitable giving from her personal wealth, since about half that deduction is probably for Arizona's 4.54 percent income tax. The John and Cindy McCain Foundation donated $78,250 in 2007 to nonprofits to which the couple are connected through their children. She reported household employment tax payments of $24,162, indicating a staff of household help earning nearly $170,000.
From the October 16, 2004, New York Times article:
Here we share a post on the recent debate regarding what happened at Leamington Spa Gurdwara from one of our recommended speakers, Bal Kaur.
I have had numerous conversations with people over the last few days about the Leamington Spa Gurdwara incident. Some have said to me they are surprised that as someone who advocates the Sikh ideal to ‘recognise the human race as one' I am not in favour of interfaith Anand Karaj's. So I will share my thoughts here and hopefully this may provide some clarity on my thoughts and beliefs.
I – like most Sikhs who hold a similar view regarding the sanctity of the Anand Karaj – am not opposed to interfaith marriages or people from different communities marrying. If an individual meets someone they are happy with and wants to spend the rest of their life with that person, who is anyone to stop this? Love is a very powerful emotion and I wish the best to anyone who is lucky enough to meet a person they are truly in love with. Thus, the issue is not with the colour of someone's skin or which part of the world they originate from. Good people come in all shapes, sizes and colours!
Interfaith means a marriage between two people following different faiths. Confusion about the issue arises when one assumes that people with white or black skin are a different faith. However, there are Sikhs from many different parts of the world. So Sikhs can be white, black, yellow whatever. If two Sikhs of different ethnic backgrounds wish to begin their married life with an Anand Karj, there is no objection to this at all.
What needs to be understood is the Anand Karaj is not simply a Sikh marriage ceremony as marriage is understood in most parts of the world. The Anand Karaj consists of the couple revolving around Guru Granth Sahib Ji four times as the Laavaan (the poetic vows) are being recited. Revolving is the sign of making commitment with the Guru as a witness. In addition, revolving signifies that Guru is the centre of the couple's life, springing to life the understanding of the journey of the soul crossing this world to be One with God. During the marriage ceremony, Guru Granth Sahib Ji represents the core, while the congregation represents the support. In essence, the Sikh marriage is not merely a physical and legal relationship but is a holy union between two souls, where physically they appear as two individual bodies but in fact are united as one. Anand Karaj translates as “blissful union”.
“By carrying out an empty ritual one is starting their married life based on a lie.”
If one views the Ananad Karj merely as a cultural ritual this is an empty gesture and a reprehensible insult to Guru Granth Sahib Ji and Sikh beliefs. Many other faiths will not allow those following a different faith to undergo a spiritual union unless both parties are of the same faith, so why undermine our Guru for the sake of a ‘nice ceremony'?
The issue arises when a person who does not follow the Sikh faith , hence has no allegiance to the Sikh way of life or Guru Granth Sahib ji, partakes in Anand Karaj. This undermines the sanctity of the Sikh faith and our Guru.
By undertaking an Anand Karaj one is promising themselves to the Guru and to follow the path of Sikhi and do their best to live a GurSikhi jeevan (life led by following the Guru). This essentially means asking someone non-Sikh to have an Anand Karaj is asking them to renounce their faith. Is this what anyone looking to have an interfaith marriage wants to ask of their partner? Is this what Sikhi is about? For Sikh families to propose the paradox that is an interfaith Anand Karaj is to either forcibly convert someone to be Sikh for the sake of one ceremony, or to carry out a meaningless showcase wedding. Neither is aligned with Sikh teachings, and therefore have no place in our Gurdwaras.
We must define what is for those looking to commit to the Guru and what is for those that are not. By saying this one ceremony is for Sikhs only, it does not invalidate the inclusiveness of Sikh culture. Not when you have every Gurdwara in the world open to anyone of any background, with our langar kitchens feeding millions of people of all races daily for free. Not when Sikh scripture encourages people of other faiths to wholeheartedly follow their own faith. Not when groups like Khalsa Aid and countless other Sikh organisations, are working around the world for “sarbat da bhala” (for the good of all), as guided to do so by our daily prayer.
Ultimately the blame for these upsets lies with those who manage the Gurdwaras. These people who are meant to uphold the sanctity of Sikh insititutions are booking these interfaith Anand Karj's without educating the families on the meaning of the ceremony. These issues are a result of lack of vision and self-promotion in place of community development from our self-appointed “community leaders”. Sikh educational charity Basics of Sikhi are working on a pre-Anand Karaj course. I welcome this as a much-needed initiative, and would suggest this is made mandatory for all those booking an Anand Karj ceremony anywhere. What can be more beautiful than two individuals entering a life together and understanding every word and sentiment they are being joined by?
“It pains me to see our youngsters being portrayed as thugs or hooligans in the media.”
The protests that occurred are disappointing and I fear that many young lads may now be facing criminal records, which will impact their life and future prospects. I am not in agreement of pushing our youth into these situations. It pains me to see our youngsters being portrayed as thugs or hooligans in the media. I understand the emotions and passion that is behind the protesting, however, I would implore the youth to think about how they appear with their faces covered up.
I would suggest them to engage with others who can provide guidance to make your time and efforts fruitful. Look for solutions to these problems and work together to bring about the change needed. The events of this weekend have polarised the Sikh community with the majority not knowing the facts of the matter or understanding the real issue.
I would also add that it is not a different case if a Sikh boy marries a non-Sikh girl. An interfaith Anand Karaj should not take place full stop. There is no need to be abusive to girls who choose to marry a non-Sikh.
I strongly believe the UK Sikh Community should seek answers from those managing the Leamington Gurdwara. Why did they feel it was appropriate to make the call to the police and escalate this matter the way they have? The management committee knew full well these youngsters would not attack the Gurdwara or harm individuals. There have been many such protests at this Gurdawra, how many casualties have occurred before? Secondly, what value do they give the Anand Karaj and why can anyone pay £800 and book one?
We have many issues to deal with in the Sikh community. This is one of the easier ones to resolve. I hope those involved can see sense and treat the Anand Karaj with the respect it deserves.
In Insert Coin, we look at an exciting new tech project that requires funding before it can hit production. If you'd like to pitch a project, please send us a tip with "Insert Coin" as the subject line.
The idea of a lighted fretboard isn't a new one by any stretch (how do you think the Fretlight got its compound name?), but there's something to be said for not having to buy a brand-new guitar for that functionality. The folks behind Tabber are working to make that a reality, having tested a number of prototypes for a product that you can simply slip over the neck of your axe for a quick tutorial. The company is looking to create a slicker version of the concept that it can bring to the market. Tabber's creators need your help to "transform the guitar industry," so naturally they've taken to Kickstarter , with a little under a month to hit their $45,000 goal. The Arduino-powered LED guitar instructor will connect to a mobile device via Bluetooth, accessing information to let you play along with songs, figure out chords and bend your fingers around some scales. Click the source link to send some cash Tabber's way, or to find out a bit more about the project.As a number of commenters have pointed out, there's a similar project currently awaiting your donations on Kickstarter. Great minds, huh?
Disclosure: Quicken Loans invited me to come to Detroit after I wrote about the city. The company paid most of my expenses, including flight and hotel. My reporting, however, is my own.
DETROIT — Dan Gilbert is a billionaire entrepreneur, pro sports team owner, and massive real estate investor. He also personally runs employee orientation for new employees of his more than 50 businesses.
In other words, Gilbert is not your average billionaire.
I went to Detroit to find out what's happening — what's changing, and what's growing in Detroit. The answer, to a large degree, is Dan Gilbert. He's the founder and chairman of Quicken Loans, the majority owner of the Cleveland Cavaliers, and a principal in Detroit Venture Partners, among about 50 other companies.
Image Credit: Choose Thinking, Dan Gilbert's blog
But perhaps his biggest passion is restoring Detroit to its former status as one of the premier cities in the United States.
In the pursuit of that mission, Gilbert has bought vacant, derelict buildings and is turning them into modern, vibrant, art-filled offices. He's moved over 7,000 employees downtown, and he offers $20,000 incentives to employees who buy a home in the city. He's started local accelerators and a venture capital firm, and he's investing in local talent and local ideas. He's galvanized a reverse migration of sorts, starting to refill the urban core of downtown Detroit.
And he doesn't wear a tie.
Quicken Loans, Gilbert's flagship company, invited me to Detroit after I wrote about the city and — full disclosure — paid my airfare and hotel. I spoke to Gilbert during a break in one of his employee orientation sessions, in an empty room we found just off a casino floor.
His passion is a resurgent downtown Detroit with a vibrant urban life, and he pours his — and much of his companies' — resources into that mission. But he's quick to add while he jokes about “skyscraper sales,” everything he does makes hard business sense.
I asked him about his life, his work, and his mission.
VentureBeat: You're born and raised in Detroit?
Gilbert: Yeah, born and raised. Grew up three-four years in the city, and then a couple miles in the suburbs.
VentureBeat: As I'm walking around at the Quicken head office, it doesn't feel like a company … it feels like a mission.
Gilbert: Right … yeah … I would say we're focused on that, at least as far it concerns Detroit. But we're still pretty focused on our businesses, too … we think it goes hand in hand.
VentureBeat: One of the things I noticed in your offices is design: designed environments, art, color. Talk to me about that.
Gilbert: Well, we think that in the brain economy, innovation and creativity are key in developing ideas and creating jobs and wealth … and so we think that we can inspire that kind of thought process in an environment that's not, well, like this. [He gestures around the generic beige hotel meeting room we're in.]
VentureBeat: I've heard that you're not a traditional CEO, and I've seen some of that here — why are you not button-down, tie, and such?
Image Credit: John Koetsier
Gilbert: Well, I don't think I grew up that way, first of all, and secondly, I just don't think it works in today's world.
I think that all that stuff really symbolizes separation between you and most of the people who work at the company.
I just think that everything is symbolic and who you are determines everything that you do, small moves and big moves. And plus, it's just more comfortable — and more fun.
VentureBeat: In your company manual, you've got a list of 27 things you've learned in 27 years of professional life. What's the most important one?
Gilbert: Appreciate everything.
VentureBeat: You love sports — you've bought a lot of sports teams. Why have you gotten into the sports business?
Gilbert: Well, the Cavs became available to us about like seven years ago, sort of quickly and Cleveland was a close-by city and it was just sorta one of those things … it became available, and we were in a fortunate enough position to make the deal happen, and it was an exciting team.
And it led to other things in Ohio with the casinos and the other stuff we're doing here. We're sort of like a Lake Erie center … Detroit and Cleveland, the flower of the lake, and those are our two home cities, and that where 85 percent of our action is.
VentureBeat: As a Canadian, I noticed you have a hockey team, too.
Gilbert: Yeah, the Lake Erie Monsters … so we're the Colorado Avalanche's farm team.
VentureBeat: But you haven't bought the Phoenix Coyotes?
Gilbert: No, no, no … too far away [Laughing].
Image Credit: John Koetsier
VentureBeat: Detroit Venture Partners, which you own, is raising a round right now. What are you looking for?
Gilbert: Well, I think that Josh [Linkner, CEO of Detroit Venture Partners] is out looking to diversify the funding. But more so than capital, he's looking for other partners who have connections to Silicon Valley or to others who have invested in technology for a period of time. It's not so much the money as what are the strings with the money … what's behind it.
We're looking for technology-based startup business, or close to startup businesses. They don't have to be Detroit-based, but a lot of them are in Detroit. There are a lot of others — one in San Francisco that we funded, but they're going to put their sales office here, and others that have moved in.
Some people are vewing this — you've probably gotten a feel for this — there's sort of like this whiteboard atmosphere here. You can really have an impact and change in this city. There's a lot of talent here — and coming.
VentureBeat: the Best business decision you've ever made?
Gilbert: Good question … oh, boy … probably not getting into subprime lending [with his Quicken Loans company].
VentureBeat: Because Quicken actually did better — gained market share — during the whole real estate meltdown?
Image Credit: John Koetsier
Gilbert: Oh, yeah, by a significant, significant amount. It's sort of one of those things we didn't do, more so than what we did.
VentureBeat: Did you feel like you were missing out during that period, when it seemed like people were making millions of dollars almost daily?
Gilbert: Yeah. Our mortgage guys would give us pressure, because they would miss out on deals and ask us why we didn't have these products … but we dabbled in a few of alternative products but we never went too far.
VentureBeat: And that saved the company?
Gilbert: Yeah, it would have killed us, for sure. Yeah. Definitely.
VentureBeat: When you're making an investment personally, what are you looking for in a founder of a company?
Gilbert: We're looking for a person that is not chasing money but is building something. One of our things is that money follows; it does not lead. So we want people that are fired up and passionate about their mission … and people that aren't so married to spreadsheets and thinking that kind of voodoo controls the future. Because it doesn't.
So people that are fired up about building business and not greedy money chasers. We think that eventually those people end up being wealthier anyways.
VentureBeat: You run a lot of companies — over 50. How do you manage your time? How do you stay productive?
Image Credit: John Koetsier
Gilbert: I'm still focused on the flagship businesses: Quicken Loans and RockBridge, the title company, and some of the board stuff in the gaming. The other stuff … I'm aware of, and I'll definitely get involved in a couple of startups — like this UpTo, it's one of the startups that has a real shot, if they can get it right.
But we just have great people in a lot of places.
VentureBeat: You're doing a lot in Detroit. Why is Detroit a good investment?
Gilbert: Detroit's a good investment because, first of all, the entry fee for everything is lower. And, you've got the talent that is here that is ambitious and motivated, so you're going to get in on a much lower cost structure in every way, shape, or form from labor to buildings to whatever.
I think the competition for talent is probably less — from reading your stuff and others — I think Silicon Valley, it's like crazy. …
There's still definitely more jobs than engineers here, but you don't get too much movement, and there's a Midwest work ethic that sounds hokey. But I think there's some truth to it. And the city, it's just one of these place that you can really impact the outcome of … you get the feeling that something special is about to happen or is happening.
VentureBeat: When will you know that you've won, that Detroit is back?
Image Credit: John Koetsier
Gilbert: That's a great question. I don't know if there's ever a finish line, but we sort of envision that there are hundreds and hundreds of entrepreneurial businesses along this corridor, where there's a lot of residential buildings and people are living down here with great retail.
And that's all happening, not just with us but with others … a lot of things in the works.
When we know that the vast majority of our brain talent that's coming out of University of Michigan or Wayne State, we know that talent is staying here — that the first thought is not moving to New York or L.A. or San Francisco, or when that's the small minority — then I think that we're taking major steps at least.
And did you meet any of the interns we have down here? We brought in 600 interns from 157 colleges and universities around the country.
Of all the things we've done, there's nothing more important. In a speech I did last Friday, I put some of the comments from the interns, saying things like, before I wouldn't have considered Detroit, now I'm going to stay. That's the biggest most important thing you can do … get those young people.
VentureBeat: the Best advice you ever got?
Gilbert: It's sort of hokey, but stick with your instincts. Stick with your guts. Ignore the noise.
VentureBeat: Riskiest business decision you ever made?
Gilbert: Buying a pro sports team is risky … especially with one guy who had a few years left on his contract [Laughing, referring to LeBron James].
VentureBeat: Greatest legacy? A thriving, vibrant, revived Detroit?
Gilbert: Yes, I'd hope so, I'd hope so. That'd be a legacy we'd be proud of, for sure.
Image Credit: John Koetsier
VentureBeat: If there's one thing that you want people to know about Detroit for a business office or tech startup, what would it be?
Gilbert: Get here and get the feel, because it sells itself. Don't miss out, because you have an opportunity on the ground floor of something very unique.
photo credit: paul bica via photo pin cc
H
ouston Astros infielder Alex Bregman notched the first-ever walk-off hit by a Jewish player in the World Series when his RBI single drove home Derek Fisher to lead his team to an epic 13-12, 10-inning win over the Los Angeles Dodgers.
After the five-hour-plus game, which lasted into early Monday morning on the east coast, Houston leads the series 3-2.
The Dodgers scored three runs in the first inning and held a 4-0 lead going into the bottom of the fourth. The home-team Astros tied it, then fell behind, 7-4, then tied it again, 7-7, then fell behind , 8-7.
The Astros took the lead, 11-8, in the bottom of the seventh, added one more in the eighth, and needed just one out in the ninth inning when the Dodgers rallied to tie it 12-12. Bregman's game-winning single came with two outs and the winning run on second base. He also singled and walked in six plate appearances, scoring twice.
Bregman isn't the only Jewish player making headlines in the World Series. In Game Four Saturday night, Dodger Joc Pederson‘s three-run shot in the ninth extended the Dodgers's lead to 6-1. That was followed in the bottom of the inning by another Bregman homer, bringing the final score to 6-2. Both players have homered twice in the series.
Bregman, 23, is about to complete his first full season in the big leagues.
The series heads back to California for Game Six on Tuesday night.
(By Ron Kaplan. Ron Kaplan publishes Kaplan's Korner, a blog devoted to Jews and sports.)
The subject of abortion is perhaps one of the most highly charged issues of our day. Finding an honest answer to the question “is abortion murder?” takes courage for those who have performed abortions or have had abortions themselves. The Bible is clear about the fact that murder is wrong (Exodus 20:13). However, in some cases, the Bible does not forbid killing. Soldiers representing their country were expected to kill soldiers on the opposing side (Joshua 11:20). That is not murder. Animals were killed for food and for sacrifice (Exodus 24:5; Genesis 9:3–4). That is not murder either.Murder is defined as “the unlawful, premeditated killing of one human being by another.” Murder is unlawful killing—that is, killing that is done by the judgment of one human being against another, for personal (rather than national) reasons. The Bible condemns murder repeatedly as a characteristic of a wicked society (Deuteronomy 5:17; Isaiah 1:21; Hosea 4:2; Matthew 5:21). Determining whether or not abortion is murder involves two considerations: first, whether or not a fetus in utero is actually a human being, and, second, if a fetus is a child, whether or not abortion can be rightly called murder since it is legal in most countries. If murder is unlawful killing, it would follow that a lawful killing would not be murder.One reason murder is outlawed in many places is that it is unethical for one person to unilaterally decide the fate of another. Under the Old Testament Law, a murderer was not put to death unless there were multiple witnesses: “No person shall be put to death on the testimony of one witness” (Numbers 35:30). In war, soldiers do not decide to kill for their own purposes; rather, they kill in the national interest—if they fight for an honorable nation, the national interest will be to protect innocent civilians from some threat. Abortion is different. Abortion is killing based on a mother's unilateral judgment and choice. Such unprovoked killing of the defenseless is unethical and should define abortion as murder in any society—unless the fetus is not human. If the fetus is just a mass of impersonal tissue or something less than human, ending its life would not face the same ethical challenge and would not be considered murder.So, is a fetus a human? Or is it something else? Biologically speaking, human life begins at conception . When the mother's egg and the father's sperm come together, they combine and create a new string of DNA that is personalized and totally unique. DNA is coded information, the blueprint for the new human's growth and development. No more genetic material needs to be added; the zygote in the womb is as human as the mother in whose womb it dwells. The difference between a fetus and any one of us is one of age, location, and level of dependence. When a mother aborts the process of fetal development, she is destroying a unique life.The Bible clearly points to conception as the beginning of human life. Samson said, “I have been a Nazirite to God from my mother's womb” (Judges 16:17). He refers to his unborn self as having already been what God planned him to be—a Nazirite. David says, “You formed my inward parts; you knitted me together in my mother's womb” (Psalm 139:13). Again, we see David referring to himself as a person in the womb. Then, he says, “Your eyes saw my unformed substance; in your book were written, every one of them, the days that were formed for me, when as yet there was none of them” (Psalm 139:16). David is saying that God had all of his days planned out for him while he was still in the womb. Again, this evidence points to personhood beginning at conception, rather than at the moment of birth. We see God had a similar plan for the life of the pre-born Jeremiah: “Before I formed you in the womb I knew you, before you were born I set you apart; I appointed you as a prophet to the nations” (Jeremiah 1:5).The Bible considers a fetus to be an unborn child, a planned human being that God is forming from the moment of conception. This being the case, it doesn't really matter what human jurisprudence says or how socially or politically acceptable abortion is. God's law takes precedence. A mother who decides to abort her child is unilaterally making a decision to end another person's life—and that is and always has been the definition of murder.
- WWE NXT Diva Alexa Bliss has responded to online rumors that were apparently started by another WWE developmental talent.
The rumors were posted on gossip website TheDirty.com, which allows people to anonymously submit "dirt" on others. The website has been at the center of several high-profile scandals involving athletes and celebrities. The anonymous user claims to be a talent in training at the WWE Performance Center and says Bliss needs to be called out for being a "ring rat." This insider term refers to women, fans or wrestlers, who sleep with male wrestlers. The post reads like this:
Nik, I am currently training with WWE to be a wrestler. We train at NXT in Orlando. A great group of men and women are down here but I have to call out one girl, Alexa Bliss. I wish to stay anonymous but this needs to be out. She is a ring rar as we call it. She sleeps with just about every person who walks in the door here and has slept with trainers, higher ups, wrestlers and whoever else she can get her hands on. I have heard nasty stories I refuse to share. She is cute and nice but is a total slore. She is not very good in the ring but isn't bad as a manager. I hope she sees this and cleans her act up asap.
Bliss, who is rumored to be in a real-life relationship with on-screen partner Murphy, responded to the rumors on Twitter:
One Thing my mother always taught me... "Your reputation is something you will NEVER out grow, so make sure it's one you're proud of" — Alexa Bliss (@AlexaBliss_WWE) November 14, 2015
“Tactically naive” is the common criticism for any African side which fails, generally regardless of the nature of their defeat or their manager's tactical acumen. Ghana showed at the Africa Nations Cup earlier this year that they are anything but tactically naive.
As if to emphasize what a silly criticism it is, Ghana were then labelled boring and defensive for daring to set out in a fashion that might maximise their chances of victory. It nearly was an overall victory – they were defeated in the final by an Egpyt side which didn't qualify for this World Cup, but overall Ghana emerged from the tournament with their reputation enhanced more than any other side, especially after Michael Essien became injured against the Ivory Coast.
They will be forced to cope without him for this tournament too. Captain and unquestionably the most talented player, Essien's absence is huge. The positive is that central midfield is an area of the pitch Ghana are well-stocked in, and neither their formation nor system will have to significantly change in response to his injury.
The starting XI
They will set out with a lone striker, Asamoah Gyan, a player better at running the channels than finding the net. He is a good footballer who will cause sides problems, but his lack of goals are part of the reason Ghana are seen as slightly boring.
It doesn't help, either, that they often play with only one winger – generally on the right, where the small, tricky Andre Ayew (the son of the legendary Abedi Pele) will be stationed, providing the most direct attacking threat from midfield. They could play Kwadwo Asamoah on the left to offer a threat from both sides, but it is more likely they will play an off-centre diamond of four physical central midfielders.
Inter's Sulley Muntari will start on the left-hand side, offering technical quality and plenty of running, but relatively little creativity for a player with a big attacking responsibility. The pattern is repeated in the centre where Stephen Appiah plays more advanced than he has for much of his club career, fitting a pattern at this tournament of African central midfielders pushed forward into unorthodox playmaker roles.
Anthony Annan is a classic holding player in front of the defence, and the final central midfielder is a Boateng – Derek, not Kevin-Prince – who provides a box-to-box presence. It's hard to imagine a European or South American side playing with four such similar central midfielders in one side, but Ghana start as the underdogs in a tough group, and will look to physically impose themselves in the centre of the pitch.
The back four are defensive-minded with the full-backs rarely getting themselves into attacking positions. John Paintstil will hope to start on the left of the defence, though he faces competition from Lee Addy – a relative unknown, as the only outfield player who plays club football in his home country.
Conclusion
Ghana were more likely to make an impact on the world with their results rather than their playing style, but their place in a tough group and the loss of Essien makes it hard to see them progressing.
Nevertheless, Milovan Rajevac's side are well-organised and will be difficult to beat – the same could be said of their opening day opponents Serbia, and Group D could turn out to be very low-scoring.
Related articles on Zonal Marking:
White students at Pomona College have launched a new student group dedicated to “owning our racism” and “deconstructing our whiteness.”
The organization—which calls itself “We've Got Work To Do: White People for Deconstructing Whiteness”—held its inaugural gathering Tuesday evening on Pomona's campus, though students from all five schools in the Claremont College consortium are welcome to join.
“How is what we are doing problematic/possibly harmful? Can it be healing/helpful?”
“This is a group for White people at the 5C's to work on owning our racism, deconstructing our Whiteness, and to engage in movement & action toward dismantling White Supremacy,” the organization explains on its Facebook page.
[RELATED: Portland Community College devotes entire month to ‘whiteness'-shaming]
"Recognizing that White identity is a self-fashioned, hierarchical fantasy, Whites should attempt to dismantle Whiteness as it currently exists,” the description adds, drawing from a selection in the book Critical Race Theory: The Cutting Edge. “Whites should renounce their privileged racial character, though not simply out of guilt or any sense of self-deprecation. Rather, they should dismantle the edifice of Whiteness because this mythological construct stands at the vortex of racial inequality in America.”
In anticipation of the kickoff event, which was simply titled “FIRST GATHERING,” organizers urged supporters to “bring as much of your full, compassionate self as you can and maybe a friend that wants to work around/through/with/deconstructing their whiteness!”
One group member also published a meeting agenda prior to the event, detailing a 90-minute program featuring a “White Supremacy Culture reading” and multiple discussion periods.
The meeting was set to begin with a round of introductions, during which participants state not only their names and preferred pronouns, but also to share an example of “how [they] have been racist or microaggressive recently.”
Also on the agenda was a reading on “White Supremacy Culture,” a link to which was uploaded on the Event Page before the event began.
The reading “lists characteristics of white supremacy culture” such as “perfectionism” and “worship of the written word,” and suggests that these characteristics are barriers for “a truly multicultural organization.”
[RELATED: UWM prof advocates ‘abolition of whiteness']
The event concluded with a discussion of what “deconstructing whiteness” really means, which even included prompts exploring whether the student group's approach is even appropriate.
“What are the consequences of creating another predominantly white space?” one prompt asks. “How is what we are doing problematic/possibly harmful? Can it be healing/helpful?”
According to the event page, only 9 people had given an affirmative RSVP for the discussion in the 4 hours leading up to it, but event organizers did not respond queries from Campus Reform concerning the actual turnout or content of the discussions.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @Toni_Airaksinen
> a new ‘security' feature in macOS 10.13, is trivial to bypass
Aloha it's Patrick, Chief Security Researcher at Synack. In my free time, I also run a small OS X security website objective-see.com, where I share my personal OS X security tools and blog about OS X security and coding topics. Below is one such post originally published on my site…Read and enjoy!
Background
With each new release of macOS, Apple introduces new ‘built-in' security enhancements…and macOS High Sierra (10.13) is no exception.
In this blog post we'll take a brief look at High Sierra's somewhat controversial “Secure Kernel Extension Loading” (SKEL) feature. Unfortunately while wrapped in good intentions, in it's current implementation, SKEL merely hampers the efforts of the ‘good guys' (i.e. 3rd-party macOS developers such as those that design security products). Due to flaws in its implementation, the bad guys (hackers/malware) will likely remain unaffected. While many respected security researchers, system administrators, and macOS developers have voiced this concern, here we'll prove this by demonstrating a 0day vulnerability in SKEL's implementation that decisively bypasses it fully:
$ kextstat Index Refs Size Wired Name
1 90 0x9e30 0x9e30 com.apple.kpi.bsd
2 8 0x3960 0x3960 com.apple.kpi.dsep
…
130 0 0x4b00 0x4b000 com.un.approved.kext
Documented in Apple's Technical Note TN2459, Secure Kernel Extension Loading, is “a new feature that requires user approval before loading new third-party kernel extensions.” Other good overviews of SKEL include:
While we might initially assume that that the main attack vector SKEL attempts to thwart is the (direct) loading of malicious kernel extensions (i.e. rootkits), I believe this is not the case. First, observe that (AFAIK), we have yet to see any signed kernel-mode macOS malware! Since OS X Yosemite, any kexts have to be signed with a kernel code-signing certificate. And unlike user-mode Developer IDs, Apple is incredibly ‘protective' of such kernel code-signing certificates – only giving out a handful to legitimate 3rd-party companies that have justifiable reasons to create kernel code. As security features are often costly to implement, they are generally introduced to reactively address widespread issues. (Unless they are introduced as a control mechanism, under the guise of a ‘security feature' (*cough cough*)).
Instead the main (security) goal of SKEL is to block the loading of legitimate but (known) vulnerable kexts. Until Apple blacklists these kexts via the OSKextExcludeList dictionary (in AppleKextExcludeList.kext/Contents/Info.plist), attackers can simply load such kexts, then exploit them to gain arbitrary code execution within the context of the kernel. Note that such blacklisting is often is delayed as it can badly break legitimate functionality until the user has upgraded to a non-blacklisted version of the kext.
About a year ago I discussed this attack vector in my DefCon talk, I got 99 Problems, but Little Snitch ainâ€™t one!” (note: this is a well known attack vector to bypass kernel code-signing requirements on both Windows and macOS):
In my talk, I discussed an exploitable kernel heap-overflow in LittleSnitch's kernel driver, LittleSnitch.kext. While this bug could to be abused to escalate privileges on Macs that had LittleSnitch installed, once the vulnerability was patched the bug didn't die. Instead, as shown on the slide, local privileged attackers could still utilize the vulnerable driver to bypass macOS's kernel code-signing requirements. The steps for this attack are as follows:
With root privileges, load a vulnerable copy of the LittleSnitch.kext (versions < 3.61)
This would be allowed as the vulnerable driver was still validly signed. Exploit the heap-overflow to gain arbitrary code execution within the kernel.
Here in the kernel, one can bypass SIP, load unsigned kexts, and much more!
While yes, “Secure Kernel Extension Loading” can also block the direct loading of maliciously signed kexts, it seems its main aim is to thwart the loading of known vulnerable drivers for malicious purposes.
Secure Kernel Extension Loading
So what happens when a user (or installer, or malware) tries to a load a signed 3rd-party kernel extension on High Sierra for the first time? Well, it will be blocked by SKEL and the user will be alerted, unless it:
was “already installed at the time of upgrading to macOS High Sierra.” is signed with the same Team ID as a previously approved extension. is “replacing a previously approved extension.” (I'm guessing based on cryptographically verifiable information such as the Team ID). is being loaded on a Mac that is enrolled with an MDM solution.
For example, here we try to manually load the latest version of LittleSnitch.kext on pristine VM instance of High Sierra. Even though the kext is signed with a legitimate (non-revoked) kernel-mode signing certificate and is not blacklisted, SKEL will block it:
# kextload LittleSnitch.kext
LittleSnitch.kext failed to load – (libkern/kext) system policy prevents loading;
check the system/kernel logs for errors or try kextutil(8).
Once the system has blocked the kext from loading, it will also generate an alert to user:
If we monitor file system I/O during this process, we can see both the kext (LittleSnitch.kext) and what appears to be a ‘kernel policy' database, are accessed by the system policy daemon, syspolicyd:
…
lstat64 /Users/user/Desktop/ LittleSnitch.kext syspolicyd.11844 # fs_usage -w -f filesystemlstat64 /Users/user/Desktop/syspolicyd.11844 stat64 /private/var/db/SystemPolicyConfiguration/KextPolicy syspolicyd.11844
If we dump the ‘kext policy' database (/private/var/db/SystemPolicyConfiguration/KextPolicy), we can see the LittleSnitch kext has been added to the ‘kext_policy' table, but currently it is disallowed (‘allowed' is set to 0):
CREATE TABLE kext_policy ( team_id TEXT, bundle_id TEXT, allowed BOOLEAN, developer_name TEXT, …); # sqlite3 /private/var/db/SystemPolicyConfiguration/KextPolicy ‘.dump kext_policy'CREATE TABLE kext_policy ( team_id TEXT, bundle_id TEXT, allowed BOOLEAN, developer_name TEXT, …); INSERT INTO kext_policy VALUES(‘MLZF7K7B5R','at.obdev.nke.LittleSnitch',0,'Objective Development Software GmbH',4);
As was stated in the alert shown to the user, assuming they want the (signed) kernel extension to load, they have to now manually approve it. This is done by launching the System Preferences application (/Applications/System Preferences.app), navigating to the ‘Security & Privacy' pane, and in the ‘General' tab, clicking ‘Allow':
Once the user has allowed the kext to load, the system updates the entry in the ‘kext policy' database (‘allowed' is set to 1) and allows the kext to load:
CREATE TABLE kext_policy ( team_id TEXT, bundle_id TEXT, allowed BOOLEAN, developer_name TEXT, …); # sqlite3 /private/var/db/SystemPolicyConfiguration/KextPolicy ‘.dump kext_policy'CREATE TABLE kext_policy ( team_id TEXT, bundle_id TEXT, allowed BOOLEAN, developer_name TEXT, …); INSERT INTO kext_policy VALUES(‘MLZF7K7B5R','at.obdev.nke.LittleSnitch',1,'Objective Development Software GmbH',4);
Exploitation
Now, let's crush Secure Kernel Extension Loading ðŸ˜ˆ Why? Not because we dislike Apple, but rather to illustrate that in its current implementation the ‘bad' guys will have no problem bypassing it. IMHO, this is important for Apple to understand!
Our goal here is to programmatically load a signed kext that has never been installed or loaded on the High Sierra system. This kext could either be a malicious, or more likely a vulnerable one that afford an attacker unfettered kernel access via exploitation. Of course, both of these attacks should be blocked by SKEL. Alas, they are not.
It's important to note that while it is trivial bypass SKEL, Apple did put at least a little effort into thwarting obvious bypasses.
For example, if an attacker could directly modify the ‘kext policy' database, obviously they could simply ‘pre-approve' kexts. In order prevent this, Apple protects the database with system integrity protection (SIP):
# ls -aOl /private/var/db/SystemPolicyConfiguration/KextPolicy
-rw-r–r– 1 root wheel restricted /private/var/db/SystemPolicyConfiguration/KextPolicy
As this database falls under SIP, this means even if an attacker has root privileges they cannot subvert it:
# echo “some data” >> /private/var/db/SystemPolicyConfiguration/KextPolicy
sh: /private/var/db/SystemPolicyConfiguration/KextPolicy: Operation not permitted
Another obvious attack vector would be to interact with the UI, perhaps programmatically sending a mouse click event to the ‘Allow' button in the System Preferences' ‘Security & Privacy' pane. However this pane (and other sensitive UI components such as security alerts) are designed to thwart such (simulated/programmatic) interactions in recent versions of macOS. For example, below we can see the OS blocking an apple script which attempts to interact with the ‘Security & Privacy'> pane:
# osascript ~/Desktop/iteractWithUI.scpt>br> iteractWithUI.scpt:467:472: execution error: System Events got an error: osascript is not allowed assistive access. (-1719)
Surprisingly (to me), even if one tries to grab a screen capture of the ‘Security & Privacy' pane window (via Grab.app, Capture->Window) this fails:
So good news (for Apple), obvious attacks against SKEL fail.
Of course though, as attackers we have the easier job – a single implementation flaw in SKEL may allow us to fully bypass it. Apple on the other hand, has to protect against everything. So, we're always going to win…sometimes after just 20 minutes of poking 😛
While at this time I cannot release technical details of the vulnerability, here's a demo of a full SKEL bypass. As can be seen below in the iTerm window below, after dumping the version of the system (High Sierra, beta 9) and showing that SIP is enabled and that kernel extension we're aiming to load (LittleSnitch.kext) is not loaded, nor is in the ‘kext policy' database, something magic happens. In short, we exploit an implementation vulnerability in SKEL that allows us to load a new unapproved kext, fully programmatically, without any user interaction:
Conclusion
In this blog post, we briefly discussed High Sierra's “Secure Kernel Extension Loading” (SKEL) and demonstrated a new 0day vulnerability that can be exploited to fully bypass this new ‘security' feature.
Unfortunately when such ‘security' features are introduced – even if done so with the noblest of intentions – they often just complicate the lives of 3rd-party developers and users without affecting the bad guys (who don't have to play ‘by the rules'). High Sierra's SKEL's flawed implementation is a perfect example of this.
Of course if Apple's ultimate goal is simply to continue to wrestle control of the system away from it users, under the guise of ‘security', I'm not sure any of this even matters 🙁
Israel says no proof it carried out Hamas Dubai killing
Mr Lieberman said Israel never confirmed intelligence matters Israel's Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman has said there is no proof the Mossad spy agency carried out the killing of a Hamas commander in Dubai. But he did not fully deny that Israel carried out the killing, citing its "policy of ambiguity" on such matters. Dubai believes 11 "agents with European passports" killed Mahmoud al-Mabhouh. Seven foreign-born Israelis named as suspects say their identities were stolen and they were not involved. UK passports used were said to be fake. France, Germany and the Irish Republic also said they believed the passports from their countries used by the alleged killers were false. Britain has summoned the Israeli ambassador to the Foreign Office on Thursday, to discuss the use of fraudulent British passports by the alleged assassins. 'Israel never confirms' Hamas has accused Israeli agents of murdering their operative - a view shared by many commentators because Mossad has in the past used forged foreign passports in its operations. ANALYSIS Jonathan Marcus, BBC diplomatic correspondent The operation was clinical. The hit-team successfully escaped Dubai. But they left telltale traces. The false foreign passports used by the alleged team of secret agents have been identified and six of them are British. That is diplomatic problem number one. Problem number two is identity theft. The passports used the names of real people, British citizens, with dual nationality, who happen to live in Israel, who had absolutely no knowledge of what was going on. Nobody yet of course has any proof-positive as to who carried out the operation. There may be no "smoking gun". Nonetheless what you might call the "smouldering passports" suggest that Israel has some questions to answer. If Israel was indeed behind this assassination then some, even in Israel, may well suggest that they have scored a costly own goal. Is Dubai hit an Israeli own goal? But in Israel's first official comments on the affair, Mr Lieberman said there was no reason to blame Israel and Mossad. "I don't know why we are assuming that Israel, or the Mossad, used those passports," he told Army Radio. "There is no reason to think that it was the Israeli Mossad, and not some other intelligence service or country up to some mischief." He did not outright deny Israeli involvement. "Israel never responds, never confirms and never denies," he said. "There is no reason for Israel to change this policy." A former officer with the Israeli spy agency, Mossad, said the killing "looks like an Israeli operation". But Gad Shimron added: "I believe it will never be officially confirmed by any Israeli government." Mr Mabhouh was murdered in his hotel room in Dubai on 20 January. Reports have suggested he was in Dubai to buy weapons for the Palestinian Islamist movement, Hamas. Two Palestinian suspects were being questioned about the murder. Police said they had "fled to Jordan" after the killing, without releasing their names. Wigs and false beards Officials in Dubai, who have issued arrest warrants, said the team appeared to be a professional hit squad, probably sponsored by a foreign power. I am just scared, these are major forces
Stephen Hodes
Victim of identity theft
Pictures of '11 Europeans' Israel's 'covert killing' history UK PM demands ID inquiry They released CCTV footage which they said showed some of the suspects in disguises, including wigs and false beards, in the hotel near Dubai's international airport. The suspects allegedly trailed Mr Mabhouh when he arrived in Dubai from Syria, paid for everything in cash and used various mobile phones. Some of the British-born Israelis whose names were on the passports used by the suspects have said they are shocked by the discovery. "I don't know how they got my details, who took them," said Stephen Daniel Hodes, 37. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. "I haven't left the country, I think, for two years and I've never been to Dubai ever. "I don't know who's behind this. I am just scared, these are major forces," he said. British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has called for a "full investigation" into what happened. Hamas killing Police in Dubai have released images of 27 people they believe are behind the killing of a senior Hamas commander. The suspects are accused of using fake passports bearing their own pictures, but the names of innocent citizens. Twelve of the passports used were British (shown on previous slide). The other 15 on the list are reported to have used stolen identities from Australian, French, Irish and German citizens. The 27th suspect used the alias Joshua Aaron Krycer - a stolen Australian identity (pictured left). Police say the suspects used their fake documents to travel to Dubai in groups, flying from Zurich, Rome, Paris and Frankfurt. One of the victims of the identity theft was British-Israeli Paul John Keeley (pictured right). The passport used by one of the suspected assassins bore his name, but featured a photograph of another man (pictured left). Palestinian militant Mahmoud al-Mabhouh was killed in his hotel room in Dubai on 20 January. Police claim one of the suspects, pictured on the left, went to a hotel to put on a disguise. He is seen leaving a toilet wearing a wig. Surveillance cameras also recorded Mr Mabhouh, circled in red above, at the hotel's reception before his death. At the bottom of the image the head of one of the suspects can be seen. As Mr Mabhouh leaves, the suspect follows. Mr Mabhouh is trailed into the lift by a number of the suspects, including two pictured here in tennis gear. Investigators believe he had been followed from Syria to Dubai where it is thought he wanted to buy weapons for Hamas. When Mr Mabhouh leaves the lift, police say two of the suspects can be seen following him down the corridor. He was later found dead in his room. A post-mortem report said he had been electrocuted and suffocated. BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
