Westeros has a hangover. By the end of Game of Thrones‘ season 3, Robb and Catelyn Stark had been slaughtered at the Red Wedding, effectively quashing the war in the North. Stannis Baratheon is still regrouping on Dragonstone after being defeated at the Blackwater. This leaves the Lannister dynasty ascendant, and its sadistic scion Joffrey (Jack Gleeson) preparing to celebrate his royal wedding.
There is, in other words, plenty of reason to despair in the world of Game of Thrones. But there's no call for despair in your living room; HBO's fantasy series, returning to air April 6, is as stirring in its action, as rich in characters, and more sweeping in scope as ever. And while the ruling lions in King's Landing are savoring their triumphs in battle, it soon becomes plain that the war–as often fought in palaces as on battlefields–is far from over.
Even more than most serial dramas (like Mad Men, returning a week later), Game of Thrones is really a continuous work–it's based, after all, on a series of novels still being written by George R.R. Martin–rather than a succession of stories or season arcs. It's one tale, going into its 31st hour. So it should not be surprising to say that this season (judging by the first three episodes) is as good as the season that just preceded it, which in turn was the strongest of the series to date.
But that's not to say that themes don't ebb and flow over the series, and in this new season thus far that theme seems to be cruelty and its consequences (or lack thereof). Game of Thrones has always had a realpolitik eye toward issues of power and morality, arguing that goodness does no one any good if it's hamstrung and ineffectual. The first season introduced us to Ned Stark, a protagonist too rigidly moral to keep his head among the backbiters of King's Landing.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Viciousness for its own sake has costs too, though, and one of the first introductions the season makes concerns a Lannister atrocity that predates Ned's execution. As the Joffery-Margaery nuptials approach, the royal family receives an emissary from one of the uneasily allied parts of the Seven Kingdoms, Dorne: it's Prince Oberyn Martell (Pedro Pascal), a notorious swordsman who comes bearing not wedding gifts but a grudge as big as Inigo Montoya's. His sister was queen to the Targaryen king overthrown in the last revolution, and she was raped and brutally murdered in the fighting by one of Tywin Lannister's men. Greeting Tyrion (Peter Dinklage), he purrs a line (already much-promoted by HBO) that will have fists pumping among Robb Stark's spiritual bannermen and -women in the audience: “Tell your father I'm here! And tell him the Lannisters aren't the only ones who pay their debts.”
Pascal is an immediately arresting, swaggering addition to what is already the biggest roster of players in TV drama, even with GoT‘s high mortality rate. And the Dornish faction he represents further expands a world so big that the producers' greatest achievement is keeping it altogether. (Nor do the expansions stop with Oberyn. What's up with that new maester? What do Bran's visions mean? What will Dany and her ever-growing dragons find inside that next walled city?) They do it partly with efficient intercuting of stories, partly with a visual language that establishes a different palette and aesthetic for each setting. When you move from the leached-out gray-green of the Westeros countryside to the sun-saturated desert of Danaerys' Unsullied army, it's like jumping between planets in a Star Wars movie.
The unifying element in each of these stories is also cruelty in one form or another, be it Dany (Emilia Clarke) trying to turn a culture of slavery against itself (while trying to wend her way back to a continent where her family has its own vicious history); a bloodthirsty northern tribe joining the army against the Night's Watch at The Wall; hostage bride Sansa (Sophie Turner), a prisoner in the tapestry of King's Landing, now absorbing the loss of the her brother and mother; or Theon (Alfie Allen) continuing to be abused by his captor Ramsay Snow (a story that continues to get uncomfortable screen time to little effect so far).
Here is a story with dozens of major characters who have met briefly or never; yet through juggling and efficient dialogue, they all manage to feel connected. But as in past seasons, when the show breaks its globetrotting form and spends most of an episode in one location, it's striking. The second episode (scripted by Martin), largely focused on doings in King's Landing, is one of the best the series has ever done, not just because of plot developments but because the characters have time to breathe and play off one another.
Overall, though, Game of Thrones is at heart a road movie: a journey to a vanishing point on the horizon with stop after stop. And that's just dandy, especially when you get to spend legs of it in the company of characters like Arya Stark (Maisie Williams) and her captor-escort Sandor “The Hound” Clegane (Rory McCann). Season 4 finds them wandering across the shattered landscape of Joffrey's wartime Westeros, where “peace” has only brought lawlessness and suffering to the commonfolk, prey for pillagers flying the king's banners.
Williams is one of the most captivating young actresses on TV. Her Arya is still disarming but–having been on scene for her father Ned's death and now the Red Wedding–is entering a distinct, dark goth period. And watching the new episodes, I have to wonder whether The Hound is not the secret hero of Game of Thrones.
Not because he's a good man–far from it; he murdered a child in the first season on Joffrey's orders and does some callous things now. But he knows what he is, he's sick of kings and colors, and he is utterly without illusion. (Deadshirt.net last year argued that he's Game of Thrones‘ answer to The Wire‘s independent operator, Omar.) Permanently scarred by his bigger and badder brother, The Mountain–the above-mentioned murder-rapist serving the Lannisters–The Hound has given up his honors, his commission, and any ambitions higher than finding a mug of ale and a hot dinner. In Game of Thrones‘ world of cruelty committed in the name of glory, that may be as close to honor as you're going to get.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Bangs Canyon wasn't even close to the kind of terrain that the ZR2 went through during its testing phase. We only scraped the skidplate once, and the 31-inch Goodyear Duratrac off-road tires didn't need to be deflated to 25 psi, which is suggested for off-road use. Chevy said that we were not going to lose any traction, but we would compromise ride quality in the cabin and added that it would be time-consuming to inflate all the tires before we were able to depart back to Gateway. I'm not sure how much of the ride quality was lost by having the tires inflated to the on-road recommended 35 psi, but the Colorado ZR2 still went through the canyon without loosing traction.
Adding to the ZR2's capabilities are the electronic-locking differentials in the front and rear, making it the only truck in its segment to offer both lockers. They provide the ZR2 with better traction and allow the Colorado to send 100 percent of the torque to one tire (along with the transfer case). With both front and rear differentials locked, we started heading up the stair steps of Tabeguache Trail. The ZR2 slowly climbed each step, and we hardly saw any wheel spin. The ZR2 made it look easy to climb through the steps, and given that the engineering team went to nine different locations to test the truck, we're sure it can go for more. Locking the front axle can only happen when the rear axle has been locked, and once they are both locked, ABS and HDC are disabled and the steering is somewhat diminished.
And back to that Baja-style off-road course, what impressed me the most was how easy it was to maneuver the Colorado ZR2. When pushing the off-road button, the ABS and the stability and traction control systems do not intervene as much, allowing the ZR2 to easily drift on the dirt. Throttle mapping is also changed in off-road mode, and we really noticed it on the diesel engine, as the torque delivery was more powerful. Also remarkable was feeling the smoothness of the suspension after catching some air; there were a couple of instances where I wasn't sure if we had jumped because I didn't feel much difference on the suspension, but Schreiber assured me that we caught air every time.
Although the ZR2 is made for off-road enthusiasts, Chevy knew that most of the time the truck is going to be driven on paved surfaces, so when Multimatic was designing the dampers, they also paid a lot of attention to the on-road driving. After driving a Colorado Z71 and a Colorado ZR2 back to back on the highway, I'm not afraid to say that the ZR2 felt superior. You don't get the sense that you're driving an off-road truck, thanks to the quiet and gentle feeling in the cabin.
The ZR2 comes standard with the 3.6-liter V-6 gas engine delivering 308 hp and 275 lb-ft of torque, and it's mated to an eight-speed automatic transmission. Available for an extra charge is the 2.8-liter turbo diesel engine providing 186 hp and 369 lb-ft of torque, sending all of that power through a six-speed automatic gearbox. You can only get the Colorado ZR2 with the short wheelbase (128.3 inches), and it's available in extended cab and crew cab configurations. Extended cab comes with a 6-foot-by-2-inch box, and the 5-foot-by-2-inch box comes with the crew cab. Towing capacity was reduced to 5,000 pounds for both engines, and payload was lowered to 1,100 pounds.
Pricing for the Colorado ZR2 starts at $40,995 for the gas engine, and going for the 2.8-liter Duramax diesel will set you back another $3,500. However, there are all kinds of goodies on the ZR2, including an 8.0-inch touchscreen with Chevy's MyLink infotainment system compatible with Apple CarPlay and Android Auto, four USB ports, and OnStar 4G LTE with built-in Wi-Fi and wireless phone charging. Also standard are the spay-on bedliner, recovery hooks, and a trailering package that includes a trailer hitch and a seven-pin connector. There are a few dealer-installed accessories such as the bed-mounted spare tire carrier that is available for an extra charge, but in reality, the ZR2 is priced competitively. The 2017 Toyota Tacoma TRD Pro with a six-speed automatic is available for $42,960, and the 2017 Ford F-150 Raptor starts at $49,520. And don't forget, you are getting those Multimatic dampers that do a great job on- and off-road.
With the right pricing, nice equipment, and great capability, the 2017 Chevrolet Colorado ZR2 is ready to make owners smile while catching some air or tackling rough terrains.
The German government will allocate nearly €94 billion for incoming refugees over the next five years. This includes housing, integration, German language courses and social welfare benefits, and dealing with the underlying causes of the refugee influx.
Germany's Der Spiegel cites a Federal Ministry of Finance (BMF) statement, which estimates that the number of asylum seekers entering the country will be around 600,000 in 2016, some 400,000 in 2017 and about 300,000 each consecutive year.
In 2016, the BMF plans to spend around €16.1 billion on migrants; by 2020 annual expenditure is expected to be somewhere in the region of €20.4 billion.
The €93.6-billion expenditure on refugees will come from the federal budget, which means the cost for federal regions could be comparatively high.
Read more
In February, Der Spiegel reported the German government expects 3.6 million refugees to enter the country by 2020, including the 1.1 million that arrived in 2015.
To put this into perspective, Germany's 2015 military budget was €36.6 billion.
With all the forecasts, the German government was honest, noting the influx of refugees cannot be predicted accurately, making the official forecast approximate.
More specifically, benefits to the asylum seekers will be €25.7 billion for welfare and rent subsidies payments, €4.6 billion for integration and employment assistance, plus €5.7 billion for language courses.
In early 2016, German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble, a member of Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU), made it clear that no refugee influx would force Berlin to borrow money. He promised to maintain its current balanced budget all the way through to 2020.
A new study presented in late April by the Mannheim Center for European Economic Research (ZEW), suggested the financial impact of the refugee crisis on the German economy could be €398 billion. The study conducted exclusively for the Zeit newspaper maintains that the costs largely depend on the degree of refugees' economic integration and how fast they become integrated.
A study from the Cologne Institute for Economic Research presented in early 2016 estimates incoming asylum seekers will drain the federal budget of about €50 billion (US$54.3 billion) in 2016-2017.
By 2017, migrant reception expenditures could grow to €22.6 billion, as the number of migrants will surge to up to 2.2 million, the economists from Cologne predicted. When the cost of language and integration courses is added the final bill could total €27.6 billion in 2017.
The Allahabad High Court on Thursday delivered its verdict on an appeal filed by Rajesh and Nupur Talwar challenging the CBI court order convicting them for the murder of their daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj. The High Court accepted the plea and granted relief to the Talwars. The Talwars have been given the benefit of the doubt and acquitted for Aarushi's murder. The Trial Court order has been set aside. In the immediate aftermath of the judgement being read out, CBI counsel told judgement being read out, CBI counsel told Republic TV that they will decide on an appeal after seeing the order.
Tanveer Ahmed Mir, Talwars' laywer told Republic TV, "At the time when the verdict was announced, both the honourable judges clearly said that there was an alternative theory of murderers in this case."
#WhoKilledAarushi | "I'm very happy that today they're acquitted": SL Vaya who conducted Narco test on Talwars (2/2) https://t.co/lpnVZxoMbs pic.twitter.com/lIm0ES2Eo1 — Republic (@republic) October 12, 2017
SL Vaya, who conducted the Narco test on the Talwars, told Republic TV, "Couldn't find any indication that they knew what was going on in other room."
#WhoKilledAarushi 'Couldn't find any indication that they knew what was going on in other room': SL Vaya who conducted Narco test on Talwars pic.twitter.com/JoYSluPLY0 — Republic (@republic) October 12, 2017
The couple were awarded life sentence by a special CBI court at Ghaziabad on November 26, 2013, a day after their conviction and were serving their sentence in Ghaziabad's Dasna jail. A division bench of the high court comprising justices B K Narayana and A K Mishra had reserved its judgment on September 7 on the appeal filed by the dentist couple, fixing October 12 as the date for the verdict.
READ: Aarushi Talwar Murder Case Verdict: All You Need To Know About The Double Murder Case
Fourteen-year-old Aarushi Talwar, daughter of a dentist couple, Rajesh and Nupur Talwar, was found dead in the Talwars' Noida residence with her throat slit in May 2008. While police officials initially suspected 45- year-old Hemraj, his body was recovered from the terrace of the house two days later.
READ: Aarushi Murder Case Appeal: Allahabad High Court Likely To Deliver Verdict
READ: Aarushi-Hemraj murder case: High Court verdict on Oct 12 on Talwars' appeal
Now, the question which arises is #WhoKilledAarushi?
In a move that's straight up thisclose to a real-life Hunger Games, CBS is airing a show called The Briefcase, a reality show in which poor families are offered a briefcase filled with $101,000 and given the choice to keep it all, share it with another deserving/competing family on the show, or give it all away. And because watching people make a decision isn't “interesting enough television,” they will be fed information about the other families along the way to emotionally manipulate them for our enjoyment. So, pretty much no matter what decision they make, they'll end up feeling shitty about some aspect of it.
BUT WAIT! THERE'S MORE!
Here's the kicker: there are actually two briefcases! So basically, family is pitted against family for no good reason other than some kind of weird, unnecessary social experiment. Here's the thing, we already know that poor and middle-class people tend to give more to charity percentage-wise than wealthy people do. What's more, the wealthy have steadily been giving less to charity the past few years. It makes sense, since poor people actually see other poor people around them, so empathy can kick in pretty hard. Meanwhile, I guess that's how the rich stay rich.
Especially infuriating is that CBS obviously has all this cash to burn. Can't they just…give poor families money and see what they do with it and how they handle it without playing around with their emotions and examining their morality for sport? Or they could just, you know, give the money to these families and not try to make a show out of it. Would revenue brought in by your prime-time line-up not cover a little actual charity, CBS?
Income inequality is at an all-time high in the United States, and there are riots in the streets boiling over in our most under-served communities. It's funny, the other day I saw a tweet that said something to the effect of Rich white people see rioters in Baltimore and call them criminals. Watch Hunger Games and say “Katniss is so brave!” Uh-huh.
We're all in this together, and taking care of each other is paramount. The last thing any of us need is a show that pits in-need family against in-need family for the entertainment of the masses and to the benefit of the wealthy.
[UPDATED 4/30 3:50pm] – Executive Producer for The Briefcase, David Broome, sent me an email in response to this post, which he gave me permission to reprint in full:
Hi Teresa This is Dave Broome- I'm the executive producer and creator of THE BRIEFCASE on CBS. I saw your post about the show and felt I needed to set some things straight. You have the completely wrong spirit of what this series is all about. The BRIEFCASE is nothing short of inspirational. The families on the series are not POOR- they're you're typical MIDDLE CLASS hardworking family and through the daily grinds of life, might have lost what really matters most to them. I would ask that you watch the premier episode on May 27 and see if you still feel the same way. I'm quite positive you won't. The series will change lives and inspire others around the world. Best Regards
Dave Broome
He then added the following:
@broome88 is my twitter- happy to take people venting on me on my twitter :) The show truly is remarkable- and just so you know how uplifting it is, the show is being marketed and promoted through many faith based sites- that's how strongly we feel about the message.
(via The AV Club)
—Please make note of The Mary Sue's general comment policy.—
Do you follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google +?
BOSTON
I WAS in the middle of having Chinese food with my wife and friends yesterday afternoon when we heard the dull and deathly reverb. The water in our plastic cups rippled. We looked at one another, and someone made a joke about that famous scene in “Jurassic Park.” We tried to drown the moment in humor. But then a rush of humanity descended upon us in the Prudential Center on Boylston Street, right across from where the second bomb blast had just occurred, near the marathon's finish line.
People gushed across the hallway like fish in white water rapids. It was a blur of bright clothes and shiny sneakers, everyone dressed up for Patriot's Day weekend on what was moments ago a beautiful spring day. Instantly, images of the shootings in Aurora, Colo., Newtown, Conn., and Tucson came to mind. I felt my thoughts reduced to singular flashes. My life, all of it, was the first. My wife, sitting across me, was the second. I yelled out to her to run, and we did, not knowing what had happened, only that it had to be something terrible.
We ran out of the food court and onto the terrace overlooking Boylston Street. We could see people fleeing from the finish line even as, in the distance, other weary marathoners kept running unknowingly toward the devastation. What was left of the food court was a land frozen in an innocent time, forks still stuck in half-eaten pieces of steak, belongings littered unattended. I felt fear beyond words.
This was not my first experience with terror, having grown up in Pakistan. But for some reason, I didn't think back to those experiences. Looking onto to the smoked, chaotic Boylston Street, I forgot about cowering in my childhood bedroom as bombs and gunfire rained over the army headquarters in Rawalpindi, close to our house. My mind did not go back to when I stood on the roof of my dormitory in Karachi as the streets were overrun with burning buses and angry protesters after the assassination of Benazir Bhutto. None of the unfortunate experiences of growing up in the midst of thousands of victims of terror, personally knowing some of them, helped me in that moment. Nothing made it any easier.
TORONTO - Another new poll suggests so-called cord cutting may be growing in Canada.
Nearly a quarter of the respondents in an online survey conducted by Ipsos Reid in recent weeks said they did not have a traditional TV subscription.
The increasingly compelling selection of streamable content available online and access to free over-the-air TV signals have convinced some consumers to cut the cord, or go without paying for TV.
But Ipsos Reid noted that an even bigger trend is so-called cord stacking, when TV subscribers decide to pay for a la carte digital services to complement their TV package.
Among the three quarters of Canadians that told pollsters they do pay for TV through a cable, satellite or IPTV provider, nearly half also paid for video content through another source.
Apple's iTunes marketplace, Netflix and sports subscription services including NHL GameCenter and MLB.TV are among the most popular of the sources, sometimes called over-the-top content providers.
About one in five of the TV subscribers polled said they pay for two or more OTT services on top of their TV bill.
The poll of 1,000 Canadians was conducted between Jan. 30 and Feb. 4.
The polling industry's professional body, the Marketing Research and Intelligence Association, says online surveys cannot be assigned a margin of error because they do not randomly sample the population like traditional telephone polls.
A telephone poll released by the Media Technology Monitor last month found that one in seven Canadians said they were either somewhat or very likely to quit their TV service and opt for free or cheaper alternatives.
The Media Technology Monitor's survey of 4,009 anglophone Canadians was conducted by Forum Research and is considered accurate within 1.5 percentage points 19 times out of 20.
In November, the Convergence Consulting Group estimated about 400,000 Canadian TV subscribers out of 11.8 million have cut the cord since 2011, which is about 3.5 per cent of the market.
Also on HuffPost
The crowds appear to enjoy funding space games, hence the golden tophats of the Elite: Dangerous team and Chris Roberts' newfound habit of paying urchins to deliver laminated press releases by hand. One of the little ragamuffins arrived this morning, doffed his cloth cap (golden cloth) and thrust a sealed manila envelope into my mitts (golden manila). The foolscap sheet inside simply read: “By the time you finish reading this sentence, Star Citizen may well have raised another trillion dollars.” I passed the lad a ha'penny and told him to make sure he showered and washed behind his ears (not golden showers).
The Mandate isn't like Elite or Star Citizen. It's a space game, oh yes, but with isometric tactical boarding actions and a hefty dose of roleplaying and crew management. Tasty. The developers are seeking $500,000 on Kickstarter and the campaign has begun strongly.
I'm looking forward to seeing how Elite and Star Citizen turn out, but The Mandate is more immediately appealing to me. Perihelion are promising freedom to explore procedurally generated space sectors, engaging in combat and conquest while managing the city-sized population of a modifiable ship. The relationships between crew members will have an impact on the game, although it's not yet clear whether they'll also lead to sexyfuntime cutscenes as so many conversations in space tend to.
Here's a taster of the campaign's scope:
As the captain of a ship, you'll lead your men through battles, boarding operations, and space exploration through a hierarchy of officers, selected and honed by you. You'll explore your vessel isometrically, discovering the inner workings and day to day life of the officers and crew who serve under you. Invite dignitaries to your chamber, or defend your vessel from attack on foot (in the style of Jagged Alliance, X Com.) As you lead your men to victory, yourself and officers who survive will have access to upgrades and talents, affecting gameplay and offering new tactical opportunities. Make the wrong decision, and expect to lose your officer for good with our rogue-like chain of command.
Read on for more details.
How Much Sleep Do We Really Need?
Sleep is a vital indicator of overall health and well-being. We spend up to one-third of our lives asleep, and the overall state of our "sleep health" remains an essential question throughout our lifespan.
Most of us know that getting a good night's sleep is important, but too few of us actually make those eight or so hours between the sheets a priority. For many of us with sleep debt, we've forgotten what “being really, truly rested” feels like.
To further complicate matters, stimulants like coffee and energy drinks, alarm clocks, and external lights—including those from electronic devices—interferes with our "circadian rhythm" or natural sleep/wake cycle.
Sleep needs to vary across ages and are especially impacted by lifestyle and health. To determine how much sleep you need, it's important to assess not only where you fall on the "sleep needs spectrum," but also to examine what lifestyle factors are affecting the quality and quantity of your sleep such as work schedules and stress.
To get the sleep you need, you must look at the big picture.
How Much Sleep Do We Really Need: Revisited
The National Sleep Foundation released the results of a world-class study that took more than two years of research to complete – an update to our most-cited guidelines on how much sleep you really need at each age. You can read the research paper published in Sleep Health.
Download NSF's recommended sleep times chart.
Eighteen leading scientists and researchers came together to form the National Sleep Foundation's expert panel tasked with updating the official recommendations. The panelists included six sleep specialists and representatives from leading organizations including the American Academy of Pediatrics, American Association of Anatomists, American College of Chest Physicians, American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, American Geriatrics Society, American Neurological Association, American Physiological Society, American Psychiatric Association, American Thoracic Society, Gerontological Society of America, Human Anatomy and Physiology Society, and Society for Research in Human Development. The panelists participated in a rigorous scientific process that included reviewing over 300 current scientific publications and voting on how much sleep is appropriate throughout the lifespan.
“Millions of individuals trust the National Sleep Foundation for its sleep duration recommendations. As the voice for sleep health it is the NSF's responsibility to make sure that our recommendations are supported by the most rigorous science,” says Charles Czeisler, MD, PhD, chairman of the board of the National Sleep Foundation and chief of sleep medicine at Brigham and Women's Hospital, “Individuals, particularly parents, rely on us for this information.”
How Much Sleep Do You Need?
Though research cannot pinpoint an exact amount of sleep need by people at different ages, our new chart, which features minimum and maximum ranges for health as well as “recommended” windows, identifies the "rule-of-thumb" amounts experts agree upon.
Nevertheless, it's important to pay attention to your own individual needs by assessing how you feel on different amounts of sleep.
Are you productive, healthy and happy on seven hours of sleep? Or does it take you nine hours of quality ZZZs to get you into high gear?
Do you have health issues such as being overweight? Are you at risk for any disease?
Are you experiencing sleep problems?
Do you depend on caffeine to get you through the day?
Do you feel sleepy when driving?
These are questions that must be asked before you can find the number that works for you.
Sleep Time Recommendations: What's Changed?
“The NSF has committed to regularly reviewing and providing scientifically rigorous recommendations,” says Max Hirshkowitz, PhD, Chair of the National Sleep Foundation Scientific Advisory Council. “The public can be confident that these recommendations represent the best guidance for sleep duration and health.”
A new range, “may be appropriate,” has been added to acknowledge the individual variability in appropriate sleep durations. The recommendations now define times as either (a) recommended; (b) may be appropriate for some individuals; or (c) not recommended.
The panel revised the recommended sleep ranges for all six children and teen age groups. A summary of the new recommendations includes:
Newborns (0-3 months): Sleep range narrowed to 14-17 hours each day (previously it was 12-18 )
Sleep range narrowed to 14-17 hours each day (previously it was 12-18 Infants (4-11 months): Sleep range widened two hours to 12-15 hours (previously it was 14-15)
Sleep range widened two hours to 12-15 hours (previously it was 14-15) Toddlers (1-2 years): Sleep range widened by one hour to 11-14 hours (previously it was 12-14)
Sleep range widened by one hour to 11-14 hours (previously it was 12-14) Preschoolers (3-5): Sleep range widened by one hour to 10-13 hours (previously it was 11-13)
Sleep range widened by one hour to 10-13 hours (previously it was 11-13) School age children (6-13): Sleep range widened by one hour to 9-11 hours (previously it was 10-11)
Sleep range widened by one hour to 9-11 hours (previously it was 10-11) Teenagers (14-17): Sleep range widened by one hour to 8-10 hours (previously it was 8.5-9.5)
Sleep range widened by one hour to 8-10 hours (previously it was 8.5-9.5) Younger adults (18-25): Sleep range is 7-9 hours (new age category)
Sleep range is 7-9 hours (new age category) Adults (26-64): Sleep range did not change and remains 7-9 hours
Sleep range did not change and remains 7-9 hours Older adults (65+): Sleep range is 7-8 hours (new age category)
Improve Your Sleep Today: Make Sleep a Priority
To begin a new path towards healthier sleep and a healthier lifestyle, begin by assessing your own individual needs and habits. See how you respond to different amounts of sleep.
Pay careful attention to your mood, energy and health after a poor night's sleep versus a good one. Ask yourself, "How often do I get a good night's sleep?" Like good diet and exercise, sleep is a critical component to overall health.
To pave the way for better sleep, follow these simple yet effective healthy sleep tips, including:
Stick to a sleep schedule,even on weekends.
Practice a relaxing bedtime ritual.
Exercise daily.
Evaluate your bedroom to ensure ideal temperature, sound and light.
Sleep on a comfortable mattress and pillows.
Beware of hidden sleep stealers, like alcohol and caffeine.
Turn off electronics before bed.
If you or a family member are experiencing symptoms such as sleepiness during the day or when you expect to be awake and alert, snoring, leg cramps or tingling, gasping or difficulty breathing during sleep, prolonged insomnia or another symptom that is preventing you from sleeping well, you should consult your primary care physician or find a sleep professionalto determine the underlying cause.
You may also try using the National Sleep Foundation Sleep Diary to track your sleep habits over a one- or two-week period and bring the results to your physician.
Most importantly, make sleep a priority. You must schedule sleep like any other daily activity, so put it on your "to-do list" and cross it off every night. But don't make it the thing you do only after everything else is done – stop doing other things so you get the sleep you need.
For more information on healthy sleep, visit National Sleep Foundation's new publication, Sleep.org, today! To view the full research report, visit SleepHealthJournal.org.
Getty Images
The Cowboys last won a Super Bowl in January 1996. This year is the 20th anniversary of the event. Which means that anyone born after Dallas beat the Steelers in Super Bowl XXX can't relate to the Cowboys as NFL champions.
Via Jon Machota of the Dallas Morning News, Cowboys executive V.P. Stephen Jones recently was asked at a press conference whether he's worried about the fact that a generation of kids don't know the Cowboys as a championship team.
“Of course,” Jones said. “I mean, I'm worried every day that we don't get a championship. You worry about that all the time. That's why we're very aggressive in trying to get there. It's just not acceptable in our minds that we haven't been able to win a championship in so long. I do worry about that. I worry about that all the time.”
Jones isn't worried only about the kids.
“I worry about that with older fans, that they finally say, ‘We're done,'” Jones said. “That's why we try to do everything we can to show respect to our fans, to do things that I think are good things that our fans think are good things for our team. But at the end of the day, as I said, it's all about the game and it's all about winning a championship, and we got to get that done.”
Before they win the Super Bowl, the Cowboys have to get there. Before they get there, they have to get to the NFC championship game.
They haven't even made it that far since winning the title that capped the 1995 season. Only three NFC teams haven't: Washington, the Lions, and the Cowboys. That drought included at one point a 13-year delay between playoff wins.
Those facts make it even more amazing that the Cowboys continue to deliver massive audiences in nationally-televised games. So the fans, young or old, have yet to bail on the ‘Boys. It doesn't mean they never will; they presumably haven't because they assume it's inevitable that the Cowboys someday will get back to the NFL's final four.
It surely is, but if it takes another 20 years for it to happen, America might find itself another team.
A cyclist rides past the Bobby Cann memorial on Clybourn Avenue just north of Division Street on Monday. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Paul Biasco
OLD TOWN — It's been more than two years since Bobby Cann was struck and killed by an allegedly drunk driver while riding his bike down Clybourn Avenue.
On Monday, Illinois Department of Transportation workers started work on installing curb-protected bike lanes along the route that 26-year-old Cann was riding.
The new curb-protected lanes are a step up from the lanes along Kinzie Downtown as they will separate vehicles and bicycles with three-foot-wide concrete medians that will run the length of Clybourn and onto a stretch of Division Street.
When Cann's mother, Maria Cann, heard that the project was finally underway Monday she was elated.
"Bobby would be so honored to know that something positive came from this," Maria Cann said. "That would make Bobby so happy."
Paul Biasco talks about the new bike lane:
The project is being viewed as an experiment, according to IDOT, as it's the first of its kind constructed by the state transportation agency.
IDOT intends to study elements of the design to implement in statewide projects in the future.
IDOT is taking charge of this particular project because Clybourn is an official state route unlike most other Chicago roads.
The barrier-protected lanes will run down Clybourn Avenue between North Avenue and Division as well as on Division between Clybourn and Orleans Street.
The lanes will separate the bike lane from parked cars and vehicle traffic and take Clybourn down to one lane of traffic at all times.
Before Monday, parking was banned along Clybourn during morning and evening rush hours to create two lanes of traffic in each direction for two hours.
IDOT was considering two plans as of last year and decided on the plan that included a longer barrier and a greater loss in parking spaces along Clybourn.
Not everyone is on board with the project, mainly due to the loss of parking along Clybourn.
Directly across from a memorial for Cann on Clybourn just north of Division Street sits New Zaika, a Pakistani restaurant that includes a prayer room in the basement.
The restaurant and its prayer room are frequented by many in the Muslim community, including many cab drivers who come to New Zaika multiple times a day and park out front.
The Islamic prayer schedule usually includes praying before dawn, at midday, in the afternoon, in the early evening and before bed.
It is typical to see rows of cabs parking down Clybourn near the restaurant, which is open 24 hours a day, at any time of the day.
Mohammad Rafiq, owner of New Zaika, 1316 N. Clybourn Ave., said he understood the need to better protection for bikers, but thought the loss of parking would kill his business.
He estimated that more than 100 people come each day to pray, and most of his customers are people who had come to pray — many of them four times a day.
"If they don't come, who am I going to serve?" Rafiq said.
The construction of barrier-protected lanes will limit parking to one side of Clybourn and result in a net loss of 65 spaces, according to IDOT.
The slimmed-down version of the plan would have resulted in the loss of 43 spaces, but would not have included barrier-protection between Larrabee and Division.
Marcus Moore, the owner of Yojimbo's Garage directly across from Cann's memorial, is in a peculiar situation.
Moore was a witness of Cann's horrific crash in May 2013 and runs a bike shop.
It would seem like a no-brainer to support the barrier-protected lane, Moore said, but it could also hurt his business.
"It's going to be a big experiment," Moore said. "I'm kind of neutral. I'm not sure what to expect."
Moore said the fact IDOT was putting resources to creating the first state-protected-lane was huge, but he said maintenance would be a big issue.
Lincoln Park resident Andrew Herman said he rode daily and Clybourn Avenue would be his route of choice if it were safer.
The lack of a bike lane has forced him to change his route.
"That's really the reason I don't take it as often because there aren't safe ways to get down the street," Herman said. "If I was heading Downtown and that [curb-protected lane] existed, I would go down Clybourn."
Herman said it would be "huge" that the lane would be physically separated from vehicle traffic rather than simply having extra buffer space like most other lanes in the city.
"That's a great way to get people [who are] uncomfortable with city riding out there and feeling safe," he said.
The first phase of construction will involve building on the east side of Clybourn and the south side of Division. The second phase will complete the project by adding lanes to the west side of Clybourn and north side of Division.
Construction will require lane closures daily, according to IDOT.
The project is expected to be complete in early August.
The city's first curb-protected lanes were constructed by city workers in May in Douglas Park along a quarter-mile stretch of Sacramento Boulevard between Ogden Avenue and Douglas Boulevard.
That project did not affect parking.
"The hard thing about Chicago is they put in all these small structures without many miles. It feels like disconnected pieces," Herman said. "I guess they have to start somewhere, so putting in a half-mile stretch here is a good start.”
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Abstract
This paper reviews the empire problem for quasiperiodic tilings and the existing methods for generating the empires of the vertex configurations in quasicrystals, while introducing a new and more efficient method based on the cut-and-project technique. Using Penrose tiling as an example, this method finds the forced tiles with the restrictions in the high dimensional lattice (the mother lattice) that can be cut-and-projected into the lower dimensional quasicrystal. We compare our method to the two existing methods, namely one method that uses the algorithm of the Fibonacci chain to force the Ammann bars in order to find the forced tiles of an empire and the method that follows the work of N.G. de Bruijn on constructing a Penrose tiling as the dual to a pentagrid. This new method is not only conceptually simple and clear, but it also allows us to calculate the empires of the vertex configurations in a defected quasicrystal by reversing the configuration of the quasicrystal to its higher dimensional lattice, where we then apply the restrictions. These advantages may provide a key guiding principle for phason dynamics and an important tool for self error-correction in quasicrystal growth. View Full-Text
Windows, Mac, iOS, Android… All of them come preloaded with a calendar application right out the box. But Ubuntu? No, Ubuntu doesn't.
It's not that there aren't calendar apps available — a quick search of the Software Centre throws up more than a handful — it's just that, and I don't think I'm bucking an accepted opinion in saying this, not a single one of them feels, looks or works with as much style as Google Calendar, or even OS X's default offering.
This wasn't always the case. Ubuntu's former default email app Evolution boasts a built-in calendar tool of sorts that's more than capable of meeting basic needs, and Mozilla Lightning is available for Thunderbird users.
But, again, this lacks user-friendly touches, like drag-and-drop or a flexible date and time model and is neither as modern nor as ‘standalone' as the sort of apps many are used to.
KDE utility KOrganizer comes close in the native app category, but the fact it's about 4 different applications in one means it's confusing to use. Its UI resembles a control board at NASA HQ!
So while many of us are now used to having calendar functionality built into a mail client – as mentioned, both Evolution and Thunderbird offer this – Geary, the most promising mail clients of recent years despite its failed crowdfunding attempt, doesn't. This isn't a feature oversight, but by design: it aims to do one thing and do it well.
For some, the omission was disappointing. But Yorba, the hands behind both it and the Shotwell Photo Manager, have not been idle. Work on a new standalone desktop calendaring application called ‘California' is underway,
California aims to give GNOME desktop users a modern, fast and user-friendly calendar app that boasts quick setup time and EDS (Evolution Data Server) integration. Support for importing .ics files and hooking up with Google Calendar are also on the roadmap.
The current state of development means that some of this planned feature set is yet to be fulfilled and currently relies on another EDS client (i.e., Evolution) before calendars become visible in California (yeah, it doesn't talk to Geary yet).
The application has yet to be added to Yorba's Daily Builds PPA so that plucky Ubuntu users can try it.
Update May 18: App is now available to install from Yorba's Daily PPA.
But, if you're source-code savvy, check out California's GNOME Git repo.
German exports rose by 0.8 percent in February month on month, the National Statistics Office (Destatis) reported Friday, surprising analysts, who had penciled in a 0.5-percent decline for the month.
The pickup in February came on the back of an even stronger increase a month earlier when shipments abroad rose by 2.2 percent.
Exports in February totaled 102.3 billion euros ($108.9 billion), marking a 3.1-percent rise year on year.
Pouring oil into the fire
German shipments to fellow eurozone nations soared by 3.5 percent, showing the strongest increase. But exports to countries outside the larger 28-nation European Union also surged by 3.4 percent.
Watch video 02:19 Share Fact check: German-American trade Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2WJD0 Fact check: German-American trade
By contrast, imports in February shrank by 1.6 percent month on month, driving up the seasonally adjusted trade surplus to 21 billion euros.
The US and many other nations have frequently criticized Germany for its ballooning surplus, with Washington ordering a probe into current bilateral imbalances and threatening higher duties on German imports.
Germany's massive trade surplus is unlikely to ease in the course of the year. Industry groups expect an annual surplus of around 3 percent as the global economy recovers further, leading to stronger demand for goods and services from Europe's powerhouse.
hg/jd (dpa, Reuters)
After an exciting weekend at the Tricky Triangle, the NASCAR Cup Series is headed to another large track in the heart of the Irish Hills, Michigan International Speedway.
Last time the circuit was at Michigan, Kyle Larson scored his first career Cup Series win, jumpstarting his success which has carried over to this season. Larson is currently second behind Martin Truex Jr. in the points standings thanks in part to an 8.4 average finish.
Weather could be an issue this weekend as scattered thunderstorms are expected Friday and Saturday with an 50 percent chance of precipitation at the start of the Xfinity Series race. Sunday's forecast has a high hear 80 with a 20 percent chance of rain.
Don't see a wash but there could be passing showers & storms for the weekend. #NASCAR @MISpeedway @RaceWeather pic.twitter.com/LYcJaftdAb — Brian Neudorff (@NASCAR_WXMAN) June 15, 2017
This weekend the Xfinity Series joins the Cup Series in Michigan while the Truck Series races at Gateway Motorsports Park in St. Louis. Here's the weekend schedule:
NASCAR at Michigan, St. Louis schedule, TV channel info
(All times ET)
Friday, June 16
Michigan International Speedway
11 a.m.-12:25 p.m.: Cup Series practice, FS2
12:30-1:25 p.m.: Xfinity Series practice, FS2
3-3:55 p.m.: Xfinity Series final practice, FS2
4:15 p.m.: Cup Series qualifying, FS2
Saturday, June 17
Michigan International Speedway
9-9:55 a.m.: Cup Series practice, FS2
10 a.m.: Xfinity Series qualifying, FS2
Noon-12:50 p.m.: Cup Series final practice, FS2
1:30 p.m.: Xfinity Series race at Michigan (125 laps, 250 miles), FS1
Gateway Motorsports Park
10:30-11:25 a.m.: Truck Series practice, no TV
12:30-1:25 p.m.: Truck Series final practice, no TV
5:45 p.m.: Truck Series qualifying (tape delayed on FS1 for 7 p.m.)
8:30 p.m.: Truck Series Drivin' for Linemen 200 (160 laps, 200 miles), FS1
What TV channel is the NASCAR race at Michigan on?
The Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series FireKeepers Casino 400 begins at 3 p.m. ET on Sunday and can be seen on Fox Sports 1 and the Fox Sports GO app.
What are the stage lengths for NASCAR at Michigan?
The FireKeepers Casino 400, which is 200 laps and 400 miles, will be broken into three segments: Stage 1 ends on Lap 60, Stage 2 ends on Lap 120 and the final stage ends on Lap 200.
Saturday's Xfinity Series race will be broken into three stages: Lap 30, Lap 60 and Lap 125.
Saturday's Truck Series race at St. Louis will be broken into three stages: Lap 35, Lap 70 and Lap 160.
Which NASCAR drivers are racing at Michigan?
There are 38 Cup drivers entered in Sunday's race, meaning all drivers will make the race with Friday's qualifying setting their starting positions. Here is the list of participating Cup drivers in alphabetical order:
AJ Allmendinger
Austin Dillon
Brad Keselowski
"Bubba" Wallace
Chase Elliott
Chris Buescher
Clint Bowyer
Cody Ware
Cole Whitt
Dale Earnhardt Jr.
Danica Patrick
Daniel Suarez
David Ragan
Denny Hamlin
Erik Jones
Jamie McMurray
Jeffrey Earnhardt
Jimmie Johnson
Joey Logano
Kasey Kahne
Kevin Harvick
Kurt Busch
Kyle Busch
Kyle Larson
Landon Cassill
Martin Truex Jr.
Matt DiBenedetto
Matt Kenseth
Michael McDowell
Paul Menard
Reed Sorenson
Ricky Stenhouse Jr.
Ryan Blaney
Ryan Sieg
Ryan Newman
Timmy Hill
Trevor Bayne
Ty Dillon
NA LCS Regional Qualifiers
With TSM's victory in the NA LCS Finals last week, two of the three NA spots to Worlds have been taken. TSM has the first seed by winning the Summer Split and CLG qualified by having the most points from winning the Spring Split. The last spot is determined by a final tournament - the regional qualifiers.
The regional qualifiers are in a gauntlet format where the lowest seeds play each other and the winner advances to face the next highest seed. The first match was between Team Envy and Team Liquid. Due to Team Liquid's dismissal of their star player Dardoch, the series was a stomp with Team Envy taking the series 3-0. Advancing to the next round, Team Envy then played Cloud9 where they were also swept 3-0. Now Cloud9 and Immortals are both one series away from qualifying for Worlds. Both teams had an incredibly close series in the semifinals and the match should be extremely close.
EU LCS Regional Qualifiers Last week, G2 Esports won the EU LCS Summer Split qualifying them for Worlds. With this victory, H2k has also qualified from championship points for the second seed for worlds. With the top two spots taken, the remaining teams played in the regional qualifiers to earn the final spot into Worlds. The first match was between Giants and Unicorns of Love where UOL won 3-0 in a clean sweep. The Unicorns continued their momentum in the next round against Fnatic where they also swept them 3-0. With this win, the Unicorns will play in the final series against Splyce for the final spot at Worlds. LCK Recap and Standings With the ROX Tigers winning the Finals, both the ROX Tigers and SKTelecom T1 have qualified to return to Worlds. This week, LCK also had their regional qualifiers to see who will take the final spot for worlds. In the first round, the Afreeca Freecs beat Jin Air Green Wings 3-2 in a close series. With this win, Afreeca faced Samsung Galaxy where Samsung was able to win 3-1. In the final series, Samsung faced KT Rolster, a team who was tragically beaten in the fifth game of the LCK Summer Finals due to unfortunate Baron steal. In a nail-biting close series, Samsung was able to beat KT Rolster 3-2 qualifying them for Worlds. While unbelievably tragic for KT, this is a special moment for Samsung given that Ambition, Samsung's jungler, has finally qualified for Worlds after so many years. Furthermore, Samsung has demonstrated their prowess for management given that after the Korean Exodus they have rebuilt a team of rejects and has-beens to be a Worlds qualifying team in the most competative region in the world. UOL vs Giants insane Deficio prediction Impact 1v2 Ambition's beautiful outplay Worlds Qualifying Play for INTZ Jensen legit trolls his team Counter-Strike: Global Offensive StarLadder i-League StarSeries Season 2 The StarLadder i-League StarSeries Season 2 is a tournament organized by SLTV that involves a NA, EU, and CN qualifier. With a prize pool of $300,000, the main tournament takes place from September 7-11th. The NA and EU Qualifiers have finished with OpTic Gaming defeating Cloud9 2-1 and Immortals beating Renegades 2-0 to both qualify. For EU, Team Dignitas, Team X, and Team EnVyUs have all qualified for the main tournament. These are the participants: Astralis
GODSENT
G2 Esports
HellRaisers
Natus Vincere
Ninjas in Pyjamas
Virtus.pro
TyLoo (China #1-2)
Vg.CyberZen (China #1-2)
MVP Project (China #3)
Team Dignitas (Europe #1-2)
Heroic (Europe #1-2, formerly players of Team X)
Team EnVyUs (Europe #3)
Optic Gaming (North America #1-2)
Immortals (North America #1-2) ESL Pro League Season 4 The fourth season of the ESL Pro League has started in both Europe and North America. This premier tournament runs from August 17 to October 13 to the finals in Brazil from October 28-30. The Finals involve a $750,000 USD prize pool and the top four seeds from EU and NA respectively. ESL Pro League EU Standings & Results ESL Pro League NA Standings & Results USTILO 1v3 + ACE Autimatic inhuman reactions There it is Dan! Friberg 4k NiP F0rest with the running one tap Russian caster goes crazy n0thing 4K Spraydown Dota 2 World Cyber Arena 2016 EU Main Qualifer The World Cyber Arena is a major tournament that will take place in Yinchuan, China from December 12-18th. The EU Main Qualifiers are currently going on with a prize pool of $54,500 and two seeds in the main event on the line. The teams who played for qualification were: Alliance
Vega Squadron
Team Empire
Elements One
Escape Gaming
Fantastic Five
Ad Finem
Kaipi Here's how the tournament went down: Kaipi was able to win the Main Event and take home $27,140 USD and the top seed for the main event. Vega Squadron won second place and won $13,570 and the second seed. Kaipi with the savage play https://clips-media-assets.twitch.tv/23059505312-offset-14954-1280x720.mp4 Yapzor jukes Vega https://clips-media-assets.twitch.tv/23051184176-offset-11416-1280x720.mp4 Overwatch Alienware Monthly Melee: August Alienware hosts a monthly tournament online that involves both a group stage and a double elimination playoff. Playing for $5,000 USD, eight teams have played this week. First, FaZe Clan and compLexity Gaming were able to take Group A while Cloud9 and Sodipop won Group B. While Cloud9 were certainly the favorites to win, they did not have an easy path as they lost to FaZe Clan in the Winners' Finals 3-1 and had to beat Sodipop 3-0 in the Losers' Finals to meet FaZe Clan again in the Grand Finals. In this rematch, Cloud9 was able to win the best-of-five 3-2 and win the tournament. Cloud9 Surefour play as McCree vs Faze Shadowburn as Genji after Nerf Absolutely insane deflect by Shadowburn Liquipedia Bracket Images used under CC-BY-SA
Hey, Google, Apple Just Got Into The Search Business! (AAPL, GOOG)
Apple's deal to acquire Siri, a mobile assistant company, isn't just about buying another iPhone app.
Make no mistake: It represents Apple's entry into the search market.
In other words, Apple's war with Google continues to heat up. And this time, Apple is beginning to aim right at Google's crown jewels.
How so?
Siri is not a search engine in the same way Google is. It doesn't index the web and deliver a bunch of links or pictures back.
But it represents what we think one form of effective search will look like on mobile platforms: It takes a request from you and brings back results.
Here's how Siri works: You talk to it with your voice and it answers questions or makes recommendations.
As the company notes, "Siri can help you find and plan things to do. You can ask Siri to find a romantic place for dinner, tell you what's playing at a local jazz club or get tickets to a movie for Saturday night." Siri also says it's developing tools to handle "reminders, flight stats, and reference questions."
How does it do this? Not by scraping and storing a bunch of data from the web, the way a traditional search engine does. Instead, Siri plugs into other web services' APIs. This way it can answer a variety of questions and actually take actions, like making reservations directly within the app via OpenTable's APIs.
The idea is that this is much easier for a mobile user on-the-go than typing in a search query into Google, getting sent to a web page that probably isn't formatted for your mobile browser, and trying to figure out how to go from there.
And because so many of these queries have a transaction as the end result, it's a lot easier to make money from affiliate relationships and ads than most other search queries.
We don't know how much Apple spent on the company -- somewhere between $100 million and $200 million seems likely.
But given how Apple is now finding itself increasingly in competition with Google -- and that Google just bought a similar service, Aardvark -- if Apple can make Siri a mainstream winner, it could be another advantage versus Google's Android phones.
Earlier: Apple Buys Siri, A Mobile Assistant App, As War With Google Heats Up
And don't miss: The Crazy Phones In Japan That The iPhone Is Competing With
Join the conversation about this story »
See Also:
Every country is confronted with certain choices when it goes to the polls. But India it seems is poised on the brink of something far more cataclysmic. Narendra Modi is not just a politician. He is now a “moral line of no return”.
“It seems that, in the race towards higher GDP, the majority of India is willing to inject itself with the steroids of bigotry and ruthlessness. Ethics be damned,” writes Thane Richard in an opinion piece for Quartz.com called “India crosses the moral line of no return if Narendra Modi becomes prime minister.”
“Is it extreme to compare electing the BJP (with Modi at its head) to electing the Nazi party with Hitler as its chancellor?" wonders Richard. Then he answers his own question. "Maybe, but it is eerily similar in many ways.”
Richard is the founder of Dabba, an independent digital radio station covering Indian politics and culture. He is an American but spent a few years in India, studying for a bit at St. Stephen's in New Delhi and working for awhile with Mahindra and Mahindra.
Richard is entitled to his opinion. Indeed there are many reasons why Indians should think long and hard about a Prime Minister Narendra Modi. But one must make a cogent argument against Modi. Just playing the big bad Hitler card is lazy scaremongering. Even worse, it does Modi's opponents no favours because it simply does not work.
People just do not respond to that kind of moral blackmail. It feels even more sanctimonious when it comes from someone outside India. By 2004 it was widely known that George W. Bush had invaded Iraq on false pretences. There were no WMDs stashed there. Iraq had nothing to do with 9/11 though many Americans were confused about that. Many American liberals threatened to move to Canada if Bush was re-elected. Should that not have been a “moral line of no return” for Americans”? Yet Americans voted for Bush in even greater numbers than they had during the hanging-chad victory of 2000. Four years later that same country elected a Barack Obama to office.
All that goes to prove is that democracy follows its own logic separate from the moral compass of the pundits. And the breast-beating about a “moral line of no return” for India is a double standard because other countries seem to happily go back and forth between liberals and conservatives, autocrats and democrats without drawing the same kind of moral judgement. Italy, anyone? It's as if coming from the nation of Gandhi, India must be held to some kind of higher moral standard of electoral righteousness.
Richard writes that at least Germany had the excuse of being a shambles when it chose a Hitler. India, on the other hand, has “not just lost a war, or recently faced hyperinflation, or had her national pride stomped on by embarrassing terms of surrender.” But in fact, it was an American presidential campaign which gave us the immortal winning line “It's the economy, stupid.” That helped Bill Clinton unseat George H. W. Bush.
People want a better life for themselves and their children. And in elections all over the world, people choose candidates who they believe will give them that. That's nothing to be ashamed about. Modi's opponents need to articulate a cogent argument about why they feel he cannot give them that better life, or puncture his much-ballyhooed Gujarat development model.
But that does not mean Indians' hunger for a better life is automatically “greed without regard for cost”. Other countries get to vote according to their pocketbooks. Which candidate will be better for the economy is a routine question in American polls. Why should Indians be obliged to vote as if they are voting for the Nobel Peace Prize?
One can understand Richard's frustration when an elegantly-dressed desi woman in Detroit tells him “Even if Narendra Modi was involved in the Gujarat riots, I don't care. His economic work wins out. I will vote for him.” But equally well-dressed women went out and voted for Rajiv Gandhi and gave him a massive mandate immediately after the bloodbath of 1984. One terrible travesty cannot be used to give another horrific tragedy a pass. Modi should be held accountable for what happened in Gujarat under his watch, whether they be sins of commission or omission. And he has certainly not answered his critics satisfactorily. But communal violence in India did not begin with Gujarat 2002 and it certainly did not end there. Gujarat 2002 is a huge blot, it can even be a “dealbreaker” as Richard dubs it, but let's not pretend it's a singular blot in Indian history.
Just as Richard remembers that woman in Detroit, I remember a long impassioned conversation with friends about the prospects and dangers of a Modi prime ministership. Finally a friend's wife turned around and said “I understand everything. But tell me, if not him, who should I vote for? Rahul? Hasn't the Congress been there long enough?”
Modi's opponents have to face the simple fact that one of the reasons Modi's candidature is making waves is that they have failed to present credible alternatives to him. That is why many seized upon Arvind Kejriwal with such relief after his New Delhi victory. They hoped that they had found in him the giant-killer that a Rahul Gandhi clearly was not. By fixating on Modi the Terrible, Richard ignores the basic precept of an election – one chooses among the options on offer. Just as once Americans had to choose between a cocky Bush and an awkward John Kerry and chose the former. Many longed wistfully for a Bill Clinton then but alas, Clinton was not in the running.
Modi by campaigning early and campaigning hard is trying to create an aura of inevitability around his candidature. That needs to be punctured. Documentarian Rakesh Sharma has released a dozen clips of speeches made by Modi post-2002. He tells Scroll.in those clips prove “Modi's more communal utterances have disappeared online. There's been a whitewash and a PR makeover of his image.” Those are facts that deserve to be taken up, discussed and debated. But just trotting out the Hitler bogeyman will not do it.
Now even Rahul Gandhi is bringing up the Hitler analogy comparing Modi (without naming him) to Hitler who “was the biggest arrogant who thought people had no wisdom and there was no need to listen to them.” Hitler's arrogance was not his biggest problem. And Rahul's grandmother was no shrinking violet herself. But Rahul would do better to sell himself as a candidate rather than try and sell the fear of Modi.
What neither Richard nor Rahul seem to get is that the Hitler analogy is shorthand for death marches, concentration camps and gas chambers. Even those who see Modi as hardline Hindu think that is too far-fetched and hysterical in 2014 India.
That kind of fearmongering does not even work among Muslims. As Hasan Suroor writes in Firstpost “Muslims don't so much fear Modi as they hate him.” In fact, he goes on to say “most Muslims have sufficient faith in the inherent secularism and moderation of the vast majority of Hindus who, they firmly believe, will not allow Modi to run amuck.”
It's ironic that unlike many wagging their fingers from outside India, Muslims in India seem to have more faith in India's democracy and not need to subject it to the Modi litmus test.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Man of Steel, Woman of Kleenex is a 1969 essay in which science fiction author Larry Niven details the problems that Superman would face in sexual intercourse and reproduction with a human woman, using arguments based on humorous reconciliation between physics, biology, and the abilities of Kryptonians as presented in Superman comic books. The issues discussed include Superman's loss of physical control during intercourse, the presumed "superpowers" of Superman's sperm cells, genetic incompatibility between humans and Kryptonians, and the dangers to the woman during gestation. The title is a reference to Superman's power and invulnerability, contrasting it with the relative fragility – like Kleenex brand facial tissue – of a human. The hypothetical woman is referred to in the essay as "LL", the initials of three women Superman has been romantically involved with: Lois Lane, Lana Lang, and Lori Lemaris.
Publication history [ edit ]
The essay was first published in the men's magazine Knight in 1969,[1] then collected in Niven's 1971 collection, All the Myriad Ways.[2] It was republished in the 1978 anthology SuperHeroes edited by Michel Parry and noted with a starburst on the cover: "SPECIAL BONUS FEATURE! Intimate details of Superman's sex life revealed!"[3] It was reprinted in the 1990 Niven compilation N-Space.[4] It was published with softcore illustrations by classic Superman artist Curt Swan with all identifying logos and names removed, in a 1995 edition of Penthouse Comix.[5]
In 1986 it was posted to Usenet, leading to an early debate about online copyright violation.[6]
Sal Paolantonio was a guest on The Herd this morning. There have been a whole lot of fire takes about #Ballghazi, but Sal Pal's theory about why Tom Brady held that press conference yesterday had the heat of a thousand suns. The Patriots quarterback, the ESPN reporter explained, was motivated to speak to that room primarily out of a sinister plan to get back to pitching fuzzy girly boots.
“Women don't like cheaters,” said Paolantonio. “What's the number one demographic that Tom Brady tries to sell Ugg boots to? Women. Guys are not going into the mall [and being like] ‘Let me get a pair of Uggs.' No, guys don't go into the mall for a pair of Uggs. Women do. This was clearly motivated because Tom Brady knows that his brand is damaged by this — not only on the football field, but what he sells off the football field.”
Noted.
Related: Here's a Supercut of Tom Brady Talking About Balls
Related: Tom Brady Denies Having Anything to Do With Deflating Footballs, Says Investigators Haven't Talked to Him Yet
[H/T B1G Cat]
Matt Slocum/Associated Press
In the summer heat on a sprawling campus built into the side of a mountain about halfway between Philadelphia and New York, quarterback Vince Young, wearing a green visor and a red practice jersey, walks into a press conference tent to be introduced as a member of the Philadelphia Eagles.
He takes a seat and handles tough questions about getting cut by the Tennessee Titans and his new role as a backup to Michael Vick. After about five minutes, Eagles public relations director Derek Boyko calls for the last question. NFL Network reporter Scott Hanson tosses up an innocuous one.
"What about the pieces this team has added in just the last few days?"
Young, the former third overall pick in the 2006 draft and a two-time Pro Bowler, does not pause to think. "Aww, Dream Team, heh, heh, heh, heh. From Nnamdi [Asomugha] to [Dominique Rodgers-]Cromartie, to Jason [Babin] to myself, you know they are going to do some more things. It's just beautiful to see where we're trying to go."
Dream Team.
Two words uttered that day in the summer of 2011 made us forget the other 922 words Young spoke into the microphone. Young and everyone else associated with the team would be dancing around those two words for the rest of the season. What Young should have realized is there are all kinds of dreams, and many are best left in the recesses of our minds.
Young could be blamed for boldness, but not for enthusiasm. The truth is many of his teammates expressed similar optimism, lacking only enduring catchphrases.
Babin took to Twitter to declare:
The Dream Team concept had not worked as planned for the 2010-11 Miami Heat, as they lost to the Dallas Mavericks in the NBA Finals nearly two months before the Eagles borrowed their formula. In theory, it should have been much easier for a basketball team than a football team to apply the concept.
In reality, it was.
"If you know Vince, you know he's a fun-loving guy, a carefree guy. He didn't mean to make a headline. But before he even finished the answer, I'm like, 'Thank you, I have the sound bite I need for my piece.' A couple of the writers there were saying it wasn't that big a deal. I'm like, ‘You have no idea how big this is going to be. This is not going to be a one-day sound bite; it's going to be a 365-day-a-year sound bite.' Now it's been a five-year sound bite." — Scott Hanson
The Eagles were coming off three straight playoff seasons. They won the NFC East the year before with the No. 2 offense in the league. Now, with the veteran additions of cornerback Asomugha, defensive end Babin, running back Ronnie Brown, cornerback Rodgers-Cromartie, defensive tackle Cullen Jenkins, tight end Donald Lee, guard Evan Mathis, wide receiver Steve Smith and Young, they were loaded. Their roster featured 10 players who had made 25 Pro Bowl appearances between them.
They were given 15-2 odds to win the Super Bowl, according to Covers.com. The dream picked up steam with a 31-13 road win over the then-St. Louis Rams in their season opener.
But then the Eagles dropped four straight games the oddsmakers said they were supposed to win. New York Giants receiver Victor Cruz had his coming-out party against Asomugha and company during the streak with three catches for 110 yards and two touchdowns.
By October, "Dream Team" had become a taunt.
When the Eagles failed, sometimes it was spectacular. They were 13-point favorites over the Cardinals in November, but Arizona backup quarterback John Skelton passed for 315 yards and three touchdowns in a 21-17 upset in Philly. Young was picked off four times in another upset on a Thursday night in Seattle.
Heading into the final quarter of the season, the Eagles were 4-8. Then they won their last four games, which only made what happened previously in the season that much more frustrating.
"It was the most disappointing team I have been on," Jenkins said. "We had such high expectations. It was a team that was used to winning, going to the playoffs year after year. To underachieve to the level we did was pretty bad."
The 2011 Eagles ranked fourth in yards gained and eighth in yards allowed—not bad. But it did not equate to success.
"Vince was saying we have a team that is full of talent and we could do some great things with it. He was right. We were talented from the starting lineup to third string. We had starting-caliber players as backups. You have to expect big things when you have that much talent." — Trent Cole
The Dream Team was not assembled illogically or haphazardly. In fact, a rough blueprint was drawn up years earlier.
In 2008 and 2009, the Eagles designed contracts so that salary-cap hits would be lowest in 2011. In 2010, the Eagles chose to be conservative in free agency because that year, six years of service were required for freedom, and the pool of free agents in their prime subsequently was smaller than usual. In 2011, the requirements for free agency went back to four years of service, so there would be a bigger-than-usual pool of free agents.
So the Eagles did not just wade into the free-agent waters in 2011. They dove in, with little regard for rocks with sharp edges.
"We had been so close many times, so there was a decision to be a lot more aggressive than we had ever been in free agency, or at least be open to it if players were available," said Joe Banner, who was the Eagles president at the time. "And we probably were going to be more open to overpaying than we had been in the past to try to take advantage of where we were at and finally winning a Super Bowl. We had the cap room, and we felt there was going to be opportunity."
Pursuing Asomugha, the big fish of free agency, was never part of the plan. But the market for him was soft and his price dipped, so the plan changed.
Rich Schultz/Associated Press
Signing Young was a somewhat controversial move, even though he was brought in as a backup. In his first five years in the league, Young had a 30-17 record as a starter. He was only 28 years old when the Eagles signed him. But he really was not head coach Andy Reid's kind of player.
Some owners get distracted by things that sparkle and shine. They can't help themselves. Jeffrey Lurie, for the most part, has governed with a level head and stayed on a sensible course in his 22 years in Philadelphia. This one year, though, he may have veered off track.
A year earlier, he had promoted Howie Roseman, then 35, to general manager and bumped Banner to a position in which he would have less day-to-day influence. Now Lurie and his new GM were in a position to make bold moves for the first time and put their mark on the team. Lurie, a scion of the family that started General Cinema movie theaters, mostly was concerned with the big picture. He fostered a win-now mentality, and Roseman was charged with executing it.
The Eagles had a stable of evaluators who were proven, clear thinkers. Also on board were player personnel director Ryan Grigson and pro personnel director Louis Riddick. But there were unusual circumstances in 2011.
"Vince is a good guy, and he was just joking. It kind of grew as things went. He wasn't trying to label the team. He was just throwing it out in jest. If you win more games, it's all good. If you don't, it becomes an issue. That's what happened. He wasn't used to the magnitude of the Philadelphia media and how a small thing like that can snowball on you." — Andy Reid
What no one—not the execs who put together the Dream Team, the player who called it a Dream Team, the media who latched onto the title—could have imagined going into the season is that only one of the additions the Eagles made that offseason would have a positive impact. Aside from Babin, who had a career-high 18 sacks and made the Pro Bowl, the additions mostly were duds.
At 30, it looked like Asomugha hit the wall. He primarily had been a man corner over his career in Oakland. The Eagles deployed him mostly in a zone scheme, and his performance was mediocre. Rodgers-Cromartie, acquired in a trade with Arizona for quarterback Kevin Kolb, was criticized for his lack of physicality.
Steve Smith, a Pro Bowler for the rival Giants in 2009, failed to bounce back from 2010 microfracture knee surgery. He caught 11 passes before going on injured reserve with a bone bruise in his bad knee.
Brown, who previously had a career yards-per-attempt average of 4.3, averaged 3.2 yards that season. Lee, a part-time starter for the previous four seasons in Green Bay, was let go before the season began.
One out of every 13 of Young's 114 throws were caught by an opponent. It was the last season of his career.
Some of the new Eagles did not come as advertised. Some didn't fit their new schemes well. Some just didn't belong.
"Even if you feel that way, [calling it a Dream Team] is something you should keep to yourself. You don't want to put unnecessary pressure on the team. You don't want to make your team a target to other teams and give them bulletin board material. Every other team put the bull's-eye on us after that." — Cullen Jenkins
If Vince Lombardi himself had come to life to give this team a speech about the virtues of football, the 2011 Eagles probably would have looked at him as if he were speaking Latin. Many of the foundations of great football teams—chemistry, leadership, character, continuity—are incongruous to the Dream Team concept.
"We didn't jell together well," Jenkins said. "There were different personality types. We didn't come together as a unit. It's tough to say if we lacked leadership. When you get a lot of new players, it's hard to establish who the leader is. You had a lot of high-profile names. People were coming into a system new, so you really don't want to step on anybody's toes. You are trying to feel out the organization, the other players, how they do things, the expectations."
Young had a high profile but a low work ethic. He didn't fit as a backup; he had to be a starter.
Michael Perez/Associated Press
While not a negative force, Asomugha was a worse leader than he was a cornerback. By multiple accounts, he didn't work to develop relationships with teammates. After he left, stories emerged about him taking his lunch to his car and eating alone.
"People outside saw it [as] strange that he would eat his lunch in his car talking to his fiancee instead of talking to his teammates," guard Todd Herremans said. "But I don't think that bothered a whole lot of guys in the locker room. If you approached him and wanted to talk to him, he would talk. Otherwise he kept to himself. That was his personality type. I was OK with that. I didn't need him to buddy up to me. The powers that be and the media saw it as he was segregating himself from the team."
Asomugha's inability to fully integrate was symptomatic of the real problem: The Eagles were not a team as much as a group of hired hands sharing time and space.
Some of the holdovers resented the newcomers getting cash that could have gone to their contract extensions.
"When you are paying a lot of money to a number of free agents from different teams, it can send a message to the rest of the players on the team who were drafted and developed," Roseman said.
"I remember having what we thought was an outstanding squad. We looked great. Then Vince gave the dreaded Dream Team moniker, and it seemed like things went downhill as soon as he said that." — Todd Herremans
Of all the years to try to do a Dream Team, 2011 was the worst. A collective bargaining standoff led to players being locked out all offseason. There were no OTAs, no minicamps and no offseason study sessions. Training camp was abbreviated. And free agency did not begin until July 29.
Things happened fast for the 2011 Eagles. There weren't enough meetings to learn the offense, not enough practices to develop timing, not enough locker room time to bond.
"Maybe we underestimated how difficult it was to bring that many new people in and get them integrated into the system all at once, especially given the unique circumstances of that season," Banner said.
"It took a while to get everybody going and learn the system," Reid said. "That's the risk when you do that."
Henny Ray Abrams/Associated Press
The situation was made more difficult because of upheaval on a coaching staff that had been one of the most stable in the league. Reid hired new line coaches—Howard Mudd on offense and Jim Washburn on defense. The Eagles started using more zone-blocking schemes and the Wide 9 defensive alignment.
Reid moved longtime offensive line coach Juan Castillo to defensive coordinator, which was met with skepticism because Castillo had last coached defense 22 years earlier at Kingsville High School in Texas.
"I believe Juan did a better job of coaching than he got credit for," Banner said. "I'm not saying he did a great job. But it was portrayed that he was a complete disaster. I don't think that's fair. The problem is the players really didn't believe in the decision."
What Young said that summer day did not doom the Eagles. His words merely drew attention to the reality that a locker room cannot be stocked as if it were a wine rack.
"It didn't work the way we all hoped," Reid said. "It wasn't the players' fault. They tried their hardest. It was a unique challenge. You learn from those things. There are some valuable lessons you can take from it."
Roseman feels similarly. "All of us will take lessons we learned that year with us the rest of our career when we are building teams," he said.
Five years later, as another round of free agency is about to begin, those lessons should resonate in every front office.
Dan Pompei covers the NFL for Bleacher Report.
For conservatives, it doesn't matter what you say yesterday because there is always today and tomorrow, as far as the media are concerned. Case in point: I called out Rudy Giuliani's liars' take on the KSM trial that will take place in NY because in 2006 he praised the American justice system for prosecuting Moussaoui under George Bush. If a conservative does it, it's OK, but if a Dem does it -- it's treasonous.
Stewart found some footage of Rudy going on TV in 2006 praising the trial to all the cable networks. Then he sliced in Giuliani's many Sunday show spots attacking Obama for the KSM trial.
We're lucky to have Stewart. The funny hits a high point when Samantha Bee pointed out the Geraldo Rivera was the "voice of reason!" How apropos for FOX.
The number of children a woman is likely to have while of childbearing age has fallen to the lowest level on record.
Women who turned 45 in 2016 had an average of 1.90 children, down from 2.21 for their mothers' generation.
Teenage motherhood is also dropping, with just 6 per cent of women having had at least one child before their 20th birthday.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
The figures, from the Office for National Statistics (ONS), show that the average size of families in England and Wales peaked for women born in 1935 and has been falling since.
The ONS said the figures, collected from birth registration data going back to the 1930s, defined 45 as the age by which most women had stopped having children.
Emily Knipe, from the ONS population statistics division, said childlessness was “one of the main drivers” of falling family sizes by the time women reached the end of their childbearing lives.
Shape Created with Sketch. The most stunning photos that capture the beauty of birth Show all 15 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. The most stunning photos that capture the beauty of birth 1/15 First Place Winner: Marijke Thoen (Geboortefotografie) Underwater birth, baby with gorgeous curly hair 2/15 Best In Category: Labor (Apple Blossom Families) The Surge 3/15 Best In Category: Delivery (Birth Blessings Photography & Childbirth Services) En-Caul Unassisted Twin Water Birth 4/15 Best In Category: Postpartum (Natalia Walth Photography) Where peace begins 5/15 Honorable Mention: 'Love' (Krista Evans Photography) It calls to her both loudly and softly in song 6/15 Honorable Mention: 'Untethered Beginning for The Birthing Woman' (Angela Gallo) Maternal Grace 7/15 Honorable Mention: (alexandra kayy photography) In between two worlds 8/15 'Untethered Beginning for The Birthing Woman' (Angela Gallo) 9/15 'Support' (Ashton Renée Photography) 10/15 'Earthside' (Amy Lynn Photography & Design) Amy Lynn Photography & Design 11/15 'The wait in silence and calmness' (Senhoritas Fotografia) 12/15 'A calm and loving support' (Coastal Lifestyles Photography) Shea Michelle Long 13/15 'The Journey' (Bonnie Hussey Photography) Bonnie Hussey Photography 14/15 'We did it!' (Chanda Williams, photographer doula) 15/15 'She's here!' (Blue Muse Photo) 1/15 First Place Winner: Marijke Thoen (Geboortefotografie) Underwater birth, baby with gorgeous curly hair 2/15 Best In Category: Labor (Apple Blossom Families) The Surge 3/15 Best In Category: Delivery (Birth Blessings Photography & Childbirth Services) En-Caul Unassisted Twin Water Birth 4/15 Best In Category: Postpartum (Natalia Walth Photography) Where peace begins 5/15 Honorable Mention: 'Love' (Krista Evans Photography) It calls to her both loudly and softly in song 6/15 Honorable Mention: 'Untethered Beginning for The Birthing Woman' (Angela Gallo) Maternal Grace 7/15 Honorable Mention: (alexandra kayy photography) In between two worlds 8/15 'Untethered Beginning for The Birthing Woman' (Angela Gallo) 9/15 'Support' (Ashton Renée Photography) 10/15 'Earthside' (Amy Lynn Photography & Design) Amy Lynn Photography & Design 11/15 'The wait in silence and calmness' (Senhoritas Fotografia) 12/15 'A calm and loving support' (Coastal Lifestyles Photography) Shea Michelle Long 13/15 'The Journey' (Bonnie Hussey Photography) Bonnie Hussey Photography 14/15 'We did it!' (Chanda Williams, photographer doula) 15/15 'She's here!' (Blue Muse Photo)
But ONS spokesman Richard Miles said there were likely to be many reasons why women appeared to be having fewer children overall.
He said: “It's fair to say that we have seen a trend of smaller families overall, but there are a lot of contributing factors to that.
“Education is a good example, and also continuing to work, so that all fits in with the trend.”
In total, 18 per cent of women born in 1971 had no children at all, compared with 11 per cent of women in their mother's generation.
The research also showed a continuing downward trend in the rate of teenage motherhood, with just 6 per cent of women born in 1996 having at least one child before their 20th birthday, matching rates seen among women born in the 1920s.
Only about one in 10 women who reached the age of 45 in 2016 had four or more children, compared with about one in eight for women born in 1944.
Women born in the 1960s onwards also had fewer children by the time they were 30 than the generations before them.
Overall, women born in 1971 were shown to have had 1.06 children on average by their 30th birthday, compared with 1.8 children for their mothers' generation.
This reflected a general trend in postponing having children to an older age, the ONS said.
Press Association
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
More and more companies are turning to online recruiting, and it's easier than ever for job seekers to find open positions all over the world. This influx of postings is great. But it also means applicants need better ways to organize and streamline the job search process.
It's nearly impossible to keep up with multiple job sites and application deadlines without a helping hand. That's why we've compiled a list of some of the most useful websites and web apps available to job hunters. Use these sites to get the information, resources and organizational tools you need to find – and land – the job you want.
TheMuse.com
The Muse is a website that provides career advice, online classes and more. While The Muse includes a large job search database, that's not what makes the site so appealing. It has a resource section with timely and informational articles and videos, making it the perfect place for any job seeker to start the day. You can browse company profiles, read great career advice and even access a variety of online tools. The Muse keeps you up-to-date on the latest trends in your industry, as well as best practices for resumes and applications. You can also find dozens of links to free templates and other tools.
1-Page Proposals
The typical application process involves a resume and a cover letter. But resumes aren't the only way to show off your skills to employers. Job seekers can use 1-Page to create job proposals as a unique way to reach out to employers. The online tool looks at your skills, experience and goals, and helps you create proposals for companies in your industry. Your proposal is then delivered to the recruiters and businesses that best fit your skills and goals. 1-Page Proposals doesn't only help you create a proposal – it evaluates common challenges within your industry and helps you discover how you could be a solution. 1-Page allows you to present a clear picture of yourself, your skills and your experience to recruiters and employers – and it helps you show employers exactly what you can do to help them with existing issues.
Proven
What makes Proven different from other online tools and websites? Personalization and scope. Proven provides consultants to help you find the right jobs for your skills, and it allows you to store multiple resumes and cover letters so you can quickly apply for any job. Most job seekers are applying to more than one position, and each job requires a resume tweaked to its individual requirements. Proven's web-based and mobile applications allow you to apply to positions anytime, anywhere. The site also helps you track the resumes you've sent and jobs you've applied for. Proven's job search database includes listings from popular sites like Monster, SimplyHired and Craigslist.
Hidden Jobs
CareerCloud's very own Hidden Jobs app is one of the best job sites on the market. Hidden Jobs isn't your typical job search database. Instead, it tracks and posts hiring announcements from newspapers, online media and press releases to provide job seekers the most comprehensive and up-to-date job listings. Hidden Jobs allows job seekers to find the positions that aren't advertised or posted online, helping them get ahead of the competition. The database also includes companies in your area that may be hiring soon, so even if you can't apply just yet, you can start researching the company and tweaking your resume.
Snagajob
Maybe you already have a great career, but you want a little extra money – or experience – on the side. Snagajob is a great resource for finding hourly jobs in the retail, communications, hospitality and food industries. You can get a part-time job driving for a limousine company, or answer phones after-hours for a physician. If you're a teacher or student on summer vacation, you can find a full-time summer job as a customer service rep or cashier. The site also lists higher-paying jobs like traveling nurses, research assistants and other temporary positions. If you need a way to pay the bills while you search for your dream job – or you're just looking for something to do on the side – this is a great site for you to visit.
ApplyMate
Struggling to keep track of multiple applications? ApplyMate is a free web-based service that helps you organize and track a large number of applications and due dates. The program allows you to find an open position, submit an application or resume, and even keep track of important deadlines. The site can sync with all of your calendars and send you reminders, so you don't miss important due dates. You can see multiple applications in one dashboard view, and use the app to follow up with recruiters or employers after you apply.
Applying for jobs is never easy – especially when you're dealing with multiple positions, applications, deadlines and interviews at the same time. These sites and apps can help you land your next job without wasting valuable time. It's amazing what a little organization and a few online tools can do for your job search.
What websites and apps have you used when looking for a job?
Abby Perkins is Managing Editor at Talent Tribune, a SoftwareProviders.com blog dedicated to all things
The father of the fantasy genre is J. R. R. Tolkien and George R. R. Martin has often spoken of Tolkien's influence on his works. The authors are similar in their ability to create worlds that are rich and deep with their own unique histories, mythologies, and languages. But there is one specific area that stands in stark contrast. Females. Martin's use of female characters to add depth and texture to his world is far superior to that of Tolkien's. The Hobbit is void of any major female characters. We do not meet our first female character in Tolkien's world until the end of The Fellowship of the Ring when Tolkien introduces us to Galadriel in Lothlorien. (I am excluding Goldberry since she is a one/off.) However, right out of the gate, in the second chapter of A Game of Thrones (the opening volume of his A Song of Ice and Fire), Martin establishes Catelyn Stark as a POV character, a clear sign of his intention to use female characters to help build his world and tell his story. Throughout A Game of Thrones, he masterfully uses Catelyn and her daughters to subtly, yet effectively, emphasize the differences in southron and northern cultures while establishing these female characters as archetypes for Southron and Northern Heroines.
Southron culture is dominated by Andal influence. It is characterized by faith in the Seven, knighthood, chivalry, tourneys, pageantry, courtesy, and courtly ambitions. The climate of the south is moderate and pleasant leading to a generally easier life for its inhabitants.
In Catelyn's opening POV chapter of A Game of Thrones, Martin immediately establishes Catelyn as quintessentially Southron. “Born a Tully, at Riverrun far to the south.” She worships the Seven brought to Westeros by the Andals. “Catelyn had been anointed with the seven oils… She was of the Faith, like her father and grandfather.” Her husband even built her a small Sept to help her feel at home since the North kept to the old gods. “For her sake, Ned had built a small sept where she might sing to the seven faces of god, but the blood of the First Men still flowed in the veins of the Starks, and his own gods were the old ones.” It is to no avail. Even after 16 years of living in the north, Catelyn still feels out of place. “Not for the first time, she reflected on what a strange people these northerners were.”
In Catelyn II, we see the courtly ambition of a southron lady. “Sansa might someday be queen. Her sons could rule from the Wall to the mountains of Dorne.”
Catelyn is distinctly southron, the archetype for the Southron Heroine.
Martin uses Catelyn's two daughters to further his contrast of the cultural differences between south and north.
Catelyn works to indoctrinate her daughters, Sansa and Arya, into the Southron culture. She has Septa Mordane teach them about the Seven, courtesy, needlework, and other womanly arts. Sansa embraces this southron education as we see from her development. “Sansa was too well bred to smile at her sister's disgrace.” Sansa loves stories of knights and chivalry and thinks the world is a song. “All she wanted was for things to be nice and pretty, the way they were in the songs.” From Arya's perspective, “Sansa had everything. Sansa could sew and dance and sing. She wrote poetry. She knew how to dress. She played the high harp and the bells.” Sansa even names her direwolf, Lady. “Sansa, of course, had named her pup “Lady.””
Along with representing the South through her embrace of southron culture, Sansa also personifies southron culture through her physical appearance. “Worse, she was beautiful. Sansa had gotten their mother's fine high cheekbones and the thick auburn hair of the Tullys.” You know, the Tullys of Riverrun far to the south.
As a final valediction, Catelyn acknowledges the completeness of Sansa's southron indoctrination. “Sansa would shine in the south.”
Unfortunately, it is Sansa's southron courtly ambitions that lead her into despair when she informs Cersei of her father's plans to return her to Winterfell. “They were going to take it all away; the tournaments and the court and her prince, everything.” She is taken captive when Ned is arrested for treason and held hostage and used as a pawn after his execution. However, it is also her southron education that helps her to survive. “What was it that Septa Mordane used to tell her? A lady's armor is courtesy, that was it.” When Catelyn dies at the Red Wedding, it is Sansa who will carry the mantle as the Southron Heroine archetype.
The North is described as “the vast, cold, stony North” and “the vast and frigid realm of the Kings of Winter” and “less fertile than the reaches of the south.” The lack of Andal influence in the North means the Old Gods prevail; there are scant few knights, little pageantry and almost no tourneys. Northern culture is rugged and reflects the physical harshness of the region. “Their life is harder, and so they are hardened by it, and the pleasures that in the south are considered noble are thought childish and less worthy than the hunting and brawling that the Northmen love best.” The North is gritty, determined, and resilient.
If Sansa represents southron culture, that means Arya represents northern culture and indeed, she is northern through and through.
Arya is wild (willful) and fierce like the North. Jon thinks of Arya while at Castle Black, “And Arya… he missed her even more than Robb, skinny little thing that she was, all scraped knees and tangled hair and torn clothes, so fierce and willful.” Ned gives us a hint too, “it is past time that Arya learned the ways of a southron court.” Catelyn agrees, “the gods knew that Arya needed refinement.” Although we later see through Sansa, that Ned is not fully behind her conversion to a Southron Heroine. “One day she came back grinning her horsey grin, her hair all tangled and her clothes covered in mud, clutching a raggedy bunch of purple and green flowers for Father. Sansa kept hoping he would tell Arya to behave herself and act like the highborn lady she was supposed to be, but he never did, he only hugged her and thanked her for the flowers. That just made her worse.”
Arya does not like her southron education. “Jon gave her a curious look. “Shouldn't you be working on your stitches, little sister?” Arya didn't think it was funny. “I hate needlework!” she said with passion.” She was not good at the Southron arts she was being taught, but she excelled at riding a horse. “It hurt that the one thing Arya could do better than her sister was ridden a horse.”
If Sansa personifies southron culture through her Tully beauty, Arya similarly personifies the northern culture through her physical appearance. When Arya looks at Sansa, she sees a southron Tully. Sansa sees the opposite in Arya, “Sansa could never understand how two sisters, born only two years apart, could be so different. It would have been easier if Arya had been a bastard, like their half brother Jon. She even looked like Jon, with the long face and brown hair of the Starks, and nothing of their lady mother in her face or her coloring.” In Arya's own thoughts, she reflects on her appearance. “Her hair was a lusterless brown, and her face was long and solemn.” Arya wasn't delicate and feminine like Sansa. “Sansa's work is as pretty as she is,” Septa Mordane told their lady mother once. “She has such fine, delicate hands.” When Lady Catelyn had asked about Arya, the septa had sniffed. “Arya has the hands of a blacksmith.”
From the beginning, we see Arya developing into the Northern Heroine archetype. Arya names her direwolf, Nymeria, after a warrior. “Arya had named her after the warrior queen of the Rhoyne, who had led her people across the narrow sea. That had been a great scandal too.”
As Arya and Jon are preparing to part ways, she to Kings Landing and he to the Wall, Jon gives her a sword, demonstrating that he recognizes and validates her embracing this path. “By then Jon had pulled off the rags he'd wrapped it in. He held it out to her. Arya's eyes went wide. Dark eyes, like his. “A sword,””
Ned hopes Arya will learn the ways of a southron court in Kings Landing, yet ends up arranging for Arya to take “dancing” lessons from Syrio Forel. It is in the middle of this very Northern Heroine archetype activity when Meryn Trant and five Lannister guardsmen come to take Arya hostage. With the help of Syrio, Arya is able to escape and avoids capture by killing a stable boy. In true Northern fashion, she is able to survive on the streets of Kings Landing scraping by catching pigeons and trading them for soup until Yoren discovers her in the crowd at Ned's execution.
Catelyn's death at the Red Wedding left Sansa to inherit the role of archetype for the Southron Heroine. It was a tipping point for Arya as well. After surviving her trials in Kings Landing and the Riverlands, Arya was presented an opportunity, through Sandor Clegane, to reunite with Catelyn at the Twins. Just as Arya was arriving at the Twins, the potential of returning to her Southron education was permanently forestalled with Catelyn's death at the Red Wedding.
Fierce, gritty, resilient, and a survivor, Arya is the full embodiment of the northern culture in personality and appearance and is the archetype for a Northern Heroine.
The world that George R. R. Martin has built is a world of dichotomies. Ice and Fire. Male and Female. North and South. He could have laid out the differences in southern and northern cultures in many ways. He chose to use female characters. To use only men as Tolkien did would have somehow feel incomplete. By displacing a southron mother in the North and having each of her daughters embody one of the regions, Martin is able to paint a vivid picture of southron and northern cultures and customs. Contrasting the cultural differences between South and North through these heroines provides a level of texture and detail that is absent in Tolkien's work. A Game of Thrones is an absolute master class in world building. In placing his female characters front and center and having them tote so much of the narrative load, he makes a subtle dig at Tolkien and emphatically states to any author who comes after, “This is how you do it.” Just in case you miss that subtle dig, he has Arya tell you plainly, “The woman is important too!”
Spotlights on other Northern and Southern Heroines coming. To be continued…
A special thank you to Emmett Booth (@poorquentyn) for being an extra set of eyes, sounding board, and all-around good guy.
Advertisements
Image copyright Spl Image caption The findings are due to be presented at a conference on Monday
Children at risk of developing a low IQ could be helped by genetic screening, Cardiff University researchers say.
They found youngsters with a common gene variation and lower thyroid hormone levels were four times more likely to have an IQ under 85.
The researchers believe their findings could be a step towards introducing neonatal screening to help identify children at risk.
They say the children could then be treated with standard thyroid tablets.
[It] raises the possibility that children at risk could be treated with standard thyroid hormone tablets Dr Peter Taylor, Cardiff University
In all, 3,123 children aged seven had their genetic data and thyroid function examined and their IQ tested.
The research was carried out with fellow researchers at the University of Bristol.
Thyroid hormones are essential for brain development in childhood and, recently, scientists have looked at a certain enzyme, called deiodonase-2, involved in processing thyroid hormones inside cells.
A variant in the gene related to this enzyme has already been associated with diabetes and high blood pressure.
Neonatal screening
Researchers have now found children with both a common gene variant and lower thyroid hormone levels, which occur in approximately 4% of the population, were four times more likely to have an IQ under 85.
But further genetic tests were needed because children with lower thyroid hormone levels alone did not have an increased risk of lower IQ.
Lead researcher Dr Peter Taylor from Cardiff University said: "If other studies confirm our finding then there may be benefit in carrying out a genetic test for this gene variant in addition to the standard neonatal thyroid screening which would identify children most at risk of developing low IQ.
"Children with satisfactory thyroid hormone levels together with the genetic variant have normal IQ levels, which raises the possibility that children at risk could be treated with standard thyroid hormone tablets to compensate for impaired thyroid hormone processing."
The findings are due to be presented at a conference of the Society for Endocrinology in Liverpool on Monday.
Manhattan CB 4 Asks DOT for Safer Intersection Designs on Protected Bike Lanes Four Manhattan community boards have now endorsed advocates' concept for better-protected intersections.
Community Board 4 has joined the ranks of Manhattan community boards calling on DOT to improve safety at intersections along streets with protected bike lanes. Last night, the board passed a resolution recommending the agency eliminate “mixing zones,” where cyclists and turning drivers must negotiate the same space at the same time, in favor of a design that would encourage drivers to slow down and yield to passing cyclists before turning.
Volunteers Willow Stelzer and Reed Rubey have been making the rounds at community boards and building support for their intersection design concept since April. They were prompted by the death of Kelly Hurley, 31, who was struck and killed by a turning box truck driver while she rode in protected bike lane on First Avenue.
The concept extends the green paint of the bike lane through the intersection, adding plastic bollards to separate car traffic from bike traffic and compel motorists to take slower turns.
CB 4 is the fourth Manhattan community board to express support for Rubey and Stelzer's concept, along with boards 3, 5, and 7.
DOT has publicly shown a few other concepts that would give cyclists more separation from traffic at intersections. In May, the agency announced plans to hire a full-time staffer tasked with coming up with safer intersection designs on protected bicycle routes.
It's finally finished! The final parts arrived completing the hull section and saucer detailing. On top of that, I discovered that the neck was the cause of many of the stability issues. The version you see here is an entirely rebuilt internal structure for the neck. It now has three connection points. The pin from the saucer into the hull, and another pin holding the neck to the hull. The saucer itself is still supported entirely by the neck (given such, I do not recommend holding this model upside down).However, this new build DID solve the stability issue as well as the saucer sag. And to prove such, here I am holding it JUST by the hull section! sta.sh/0uqjhiaodqz It's very slight, but negligible at best. I think it's finally complete!This isn't the end of the Star Brick Enterprise's journey though. Now that I have a complete model, I shall continue to refine and rebuild it. But for now...here it is! The USS Star Brick Enterprise!
A group of landscapers in Arizona were attacked by roughly 800,00 bees while working at a private residence. Three of the four men were severely stung and hospitalized, but the forth died from the stings.
The incident happened on Wednesday when four landscapers arrived at a house in Douglas, near the Mexican border, according to Tucson.com. The workers from Douglas ARC, a nonprofit organization that serves people with developmental disabilities, were swarmed by hundreds of thousands of bees when they started their lawn mowers.
The men ran as the bees enveloped them, finally reaching a neighboring residence where they hid and asked for help and the homeowner called 911. The local fire department arrived and came to the aid of one of the workers, a 32-year-old, who had collapsed.
"A witness said his face and neck were covered with bees," said Capt. Ray Luzania of the Douglas Fire Department. The victim went into cardiac arrest and was pronounced dead at Cochise Regional Hospital.
The captain explained another man got stung more than 100 times and was hospitalized but later released. The other two men refused medical treatment.
According to USA Today, the men were to cut grass and weed for a 90-year-old man who lived alone in the house. He was evacuated when exterminators arrived to eradicate the bees and their hive, which was in the house's attic.
The 3-by-8 foot hive was removed by firefighters wearing protective bee suits and it filled a 55-gallon drum.
"There are not many European honey bees left around here, so we treat them all as Africanized bees," Fire Chief Mario Novoa said.
The Associated Press reports the area will remain cordoned off until the weekend to avoid others from being stung. A Texas A&M researcher also said the bees were likely Africanized bees because of their aggressive response.
Take a look at just how some of the Brisbane community reacted after the same-sex marriage result was announced as a yes.
HUNDREDS gathered at an Equality rally in Brisbane have erupted in cheers and tears as the Yes result was announced.
“Thank you Australia” one man yelled from the crowd as the decision was read.
“We want marriage equality and we want it now,” one campaigner said from the stage to raucous cheers from the crowd.
People are in tears, hugging their loved ones, overwhelmed with the result.
More than 60 per cent of Queenslanders voted Yes.
In a comparison of all local electorates, the majority supported the Yes campaign, with the biggest yes vote margins in Brisbane (79.5%), Griffith (76.6%) and Ryan (72.7%), while the majority support the No votes in Groom (50.8%), Kennedy (53.3%) and Maranoa (56.1%).
Biggest yes vote margins in Qld electorates were in Brisbane (79.5%), Griffith (76.6%) and Ryan (72.7%) #marriageequality #auspol @couriermail — Clare Armstrong (@ByClare) November 14, 2017
One long-term couple, Roz and Judy, used the emotional moment to also renew their engagement.
Roz and Judy “renewed” their engagement as the result came in. “We've just loved each other forever, she's the love of my life. Now we can be together and she can sit beside me when I die. It's historic, it's emotional, it's everything good today.” #marriageequality @couriermail pic.twitter.com/IX2YWEAPpw — Vanessa Marsh (@vanessaleemarsh) November 15, 2017
Rainbow banners with the word ‘Yes' were held up by those who gathered to watch the result come in.
Before the announcement, many in the crowd said they were excited but “very nervous” about the result.
Cora Pagendam-Turner was there to support her LGBT friends and family.
Crowds starting to gather in Queens Gardens, Brisbane to watch the #ssm #marriageequality results come in live. @couriermail pic.twitter.com/irdoJHHrfg — Vanessa Marsh (@vanessaleemarsh) November 14, 2017
“It's such an important day and hopefully the announcement will be something that we can all celebrate together, she said.
“It's a big day.”
A postdoctoral researcher in the immunology division at the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute, and a practising gastroenterologist, Dr Tye-Din believes he and former colleague Dr Bob Anderson may have found a means of eliminating coeliac disease. If clinical trials of the treatment are successful, the approach could also be applied to tackling other autoimmune diseases, such as type 1 diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis and multiple sclerosis. Almost as important, though, the discovery could improve the diagnosis of coeliac disease for the 80 per cent of Australians unaware they have it. He says undiagnosed coeliac disease is worrying because its effect on the small intestine means the body is less able to absorb nutrients, leading to loss of weight, fatigue or lack of energy and, in children, stunted growth. Coeliac disease is also associated with a range of even more serious problems such as liver disease, infertility, osteoporosis, other autoimmune disease and cancers such as lymphoma. People with undiagnosed coeliac disease have a two to fourfold higher rate of premature death. "The only treatment available at present is a gluten-free diet and that dates back to the 1950s when gluten was first identified as the cause of the disease. But it is not straightforward: the diet is tricky, you have to be ever vigilant, you have to pay more, put up with food that doesn't taste as good and often people don't always fully heal," Dr Tye-Din says. "Yet healing is critical because persistent damage in the gut is linked to long-term complications such as thinning of the bones and some forms of cancer. I've seen patients, even in their 20s, with bones like an 80-year-old, so people with the disease should have a bone density scan because of the risk of premature osteoporosis. Unfortunately, medical awareness and management of coeliac disease is far from optimal — meaning this doesn't always happen."
Gluten is a complex protein that enhances food texture. It allows bread to rise and imparts fluffiness, while gluten-free breads are heavy, crumbly, and far less tasty. Dr Tye-Din says the average Australian consumes 20-30 grams of gluten a day and the problem for coeliac sufferers is trying to ensure the foods they eat don't contain gluten when so many do — even Vegemite and liquorice. Yet consumption of tiny amounts of gluten as low as 50 milligrams, or a few crumbs from a slice of bread, can damage the small intestine. This fact, plus the complexity, cost and lifestyle restrictions of the gluten-free diet, spurred Dr Tye-Din and his colleagues to look for more effective treatments. "Coeliac disease has evolved from being a simple gut disorder that causes damage to the bowel and poor absorption of nutrients to being recognised as a primary immune condition with a multitude of manifestations — not just in the gut but also other organs. The knowledge certain genes are involved in the way the immune system reacts to gluten is also shaping our understanding. Such advances allow new approaches to be designed so as to improve on the gluten-free diet." Over a decade of tests on more than 300 patients with coeliac disease, the institute researchers discovered that key fragments of gluten — three "toxic peptides" — caused the abnormal immune response in people carrying the common coeliac-associated gene. These three peptides out of more than 18,000 in gluten are the ones, Dr Tye-Din says, "that tell the immune system to react badly to gluten". "Our approach was revolutionary in that it involved feeding people with gluten-containing food for three days and then taking samples of their blood on day six in hospital. That was when we found a lot of T cells — white blood cells — in the bloodstream reacting specifically to gluten. This showed us exactly which fragments were responsible for the immune response and provided a "road map" of what was toxic in coeliac disease."
The world's first therapy enabling coeliac disease patients to return to a normal diet would involve injecting them regularly with tiny quantities of the three peptides. The researchers believe the injections would induce an immune tolerance, allowing patients to again eat food made from wheat, barley or rye. "We showed that just three peptides were responsible for most of the immune response to gluten from all of the toxic cereals. Interestingly, the type of cereal consumed determined which gluten peptide was the most immunogenic," Dr Tye-Din says. "This allowed us to develop and test a peptide-based therapy, Nexvax2, which comprises these three peptides. Further development of the drug is now being led by a Boston-based company called ImmusanT, where Dr Bob Anderson has taken up the post as chief scientist." Discovery of the key peptides also means that improved diagnostic tests can be developed — a significant need given the poor rate of diagnosis in the community, he says. At present, people on a gluten-free diet have to go back to eating foods with gluten for up to eight weeks and then be tested to confirm they do have coeliac disease. In contrast, a new diagnostic test based on Nexvax2 would only need three days. "The first trial delivering injections of Nexvax2 to coeliac disease volunteers was completed in 2010 and showed it was safe and capable of inducing the predicted responses in the immune system. The critical next step will be to test whether Nexvax2 can prevent the adverse effects of dietary gluten and, depending on successful progress, it could be five or more years before a drug to counter coeliac disease is available," Dr Tye-Din says. "The approach of 'retraining' the immune system works in mouse models that have other human diseases, but for people with coeliac disease it will be a world first. If such an approach is effective this will have huge implications for the millions of sufferers globally."
He says similar immune-therapies could also be developed for other autoimmune diseases if the relevant disease causing triggers, or "antigens", could be as comprehensively defined as gluten has been — an ongoing challenge for researchers. *The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute and the national organisation Coeliac Australia have formed a three-year, $570,000 partnership to support research into new treatments and diagnostic tests for coeliac disease. The partnership aims to develop better treatments for children with the disease; effective responses to overcome symptoms after accidental gluten consumption; and a diagnostic test for coeliac disease in people with gluten intolerance who are following a gluten-free diet. Loading More information about the disease is available on the Coeliac Australia website at coeliac.org.au. The latest issue of The Australian Coeliac Magazine contains a detailed account by Dr Tye-Din of coeliac disease, its effects and the reasons why some people are susceptible. Information on the clinical trial can be found at immusant.com Read Geoff Maslen's blog atgeoffmaslen.edublog-s.org/
Inquisitors!
Today the game expands its horizons: Warhammer 40,000: Inquisitor - Martyr enters Steam Early Access. Suitably with this transition, there's a new update as well. Check out the full change log.
Now, for those who are not familiar with the "Early Access" concept, it's basically a chance to get the game earlier to help in the development by providing feedback. Some features are still missing, although we have laid out our plans up until the full release of the game what new stuff to expect each month.
Click to see the new Roadmap in full size:
That said, you're not really missing out if you decide to wait for the full release - you will not get an advantage with character progression, nor will you be able to play through the entire story campaign (although you will get a taste eventually). Early Access is for those who are willing to play a game in its less-than-complete form - any constructive or critical opinion is appreciated, especially during this phase.
That said, you're welcome to ask anything and provide feedback so we can complete the game with as much polish as possible.
This is the home of our Community, so feel free to explore and engage in conversations. Other than that, explore and enjoy what the game has to offer, and if there's anything you need, we'll be here to help!
For the Emperor!
Presidential Candidates
+ Hillary Clinton has come out against the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a 12-nation free-trade deal brokered by President Obama. Confusingly, Clinton supported the deal, and the Pacific Rim engagement strategy it's part of, while she was in office as Obama's secretary of state. Now her position is that “But based on what I know so far, I can't support this agreement . . . The risks are too high that, despite our best efforts, they will end up doing more harm than good for hard-working American families whose paychecks have barely budged in years.”
+ Bernie Sanders' poll numbers are gaining on Hillary's, especially in California.
+ Hillary Clinton has proposed a series of changes to the nation's gun laws, with updates including universal background checks, restrictions on gun ownership if one is convicted of domestic violence, and repealing legal immunity for gun manufacturers (which is a real thing! People whose loved ones are killed by guns can't sue gun manufacturers). Clinton has also supported the reinstatement of the assault weapons ban.
Law & Order
+ In Texas, a law against “desecrating the US or state flag” have been declared unconstitutional.
+ California's governor has signed the California Fair Pay Act into law, making California the nation that now has the strongest equal pay protections for women in the US. The law gives employees the right to compare their salaries openly without retribution from their employer, and mandates equal pay for “substantially similar work.” It's actually upsetting that these things are enough to make California the vanguard of equal pay, but here we are!
+ California's Governor Brown has also signed a bill that prevents any state agency from entering into any contract of $100,000 or more with a company that doesn't offer equal benefits to employees based on gender identity.
Order in the Court
+ California has officially become the first US state to ban the use of “gay panic” or “trans panic” defenses in court.
“There is absolutely no justification for the use of ‘panic defenses,'” Bonilla said in a statement last month. “Clearly this tactic has been utilized by defendants, unjustly targeting members of the LGBT community, based on damaging stereotypes. With AB 2501, we are moving forward to ensure equality in our courts and making it very clear that discrimination against the LGBT community is intolerable and unacceptable.”
Everything Else
+ Latino business owners in Milwaukee have been receiving racist hate mail. The owner of Fiesta Salon and Spa says “This is sending a really bad message and it really makes me feel very, very unsafe.”
+ Tennessee, like several other US states, has implemented a program that drug tests recipients of welfare aid depending upon their answers to required survey questions. Their first year of testing found less than 0.2% of welfare recipients were using drugs, and spent (at a wildly conservative estimate) about $200 per drug test.
+ The Republican-controlled House of Representatives has created a new panel to investigate Planned Parenthood. Phew! Glad someone's on top of that. Was worried there weren't enough panels in the mix.
+ The Atlantic has a piece on Alan Chambers, and his take on the rise and fall of “ex-gay” in America.
+ The Vatican is holding a synod on the family, and a press officer has said that “several bishops raised the need for new language and a new approach to gay Catholics,” calling gay people “our sons and daughters.”
+ An anti-vaccination group, Safe Minds, funded a study that attempted to link vaccines with autism and now frustrated that while results from a study trial seemed as though they might suggest a link, when the study was expanded and run according to proper methodological standards, no link between vaccines and autism was found.
+ A new poll finds that a full 81% of 18-35 year old Americans support a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants who have children or arrived to the US as children, and 78% believe in birthright citizenship. Those numbers rise to 91% and 86% respectively when looking only at 18-21 year olds.
+ A 12-year-old black boy in Glendale, Ohio was suspended for “staring at” a white girl in his class. The kids say that they were having a staring contest at the time. The boy's parents have filed to have the suspension overturned, but a judge has refused.
+ In a story that's still developing, a Doctors Without Borders facility in Kunduz, Afghanistan, was bombed by US forces. Doctors Without Borders says that even aside from the loss of life in the bombing itself, the incident has left tens of thousands of Afghans without access to medical care. Obama reportedly called DWB International President Joanne Liu and offered “a heartfelt apology.”
+ The plainclothes police officer who assaulted tennis great James Blake because he allegedly mistook him for a suspect in a case is being charged with excessive force, and could be suspended or dismissed.
A National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency contractor who forged his timecards and wrote in sensitive military reports that he had nothing significant to say without actually reviewing any materials was sentenced to two years of probation Friday — a penalty more lenient than even what his defense attorney had sought.
U.S. District Court Judge Gerald Bruce Lee said that it was only by “grace” that Thomas Cicatello — who was supposed to review information to help identify improvised explosive devices, sometimes for troops in Iraq and Afghanistan — did not cause any harm to befall U.S. soldiers abroad. But he said the 33-year-old contractor, who himself had served two tours in Iraq, had “earned the court giving you some leniency,” noting his many Army commendations.
“You've already been humbled with a felony conviction and losing your security clearance, and losing your income,” Lee told Cicatello.
For his part, Cicatello apologized to his employers, U.S. taxpayers and the troops who received his reports, saying that he knew from his Army service how significant the intelligence he faked could be to soldiers in the field.
“I have a firsthand understanding of how important that information can be, and I let them down,” Cicatello said. “I'm just thankful nobody was hurt, and I just beg for your forgiveness, your honor.”
Cicatello, of Woodbridge, Va., pleaded guilty in March to submitting false claims to the U.S. government, admitting that he was paid for about 465 hours he did not work and that he sometimes submitted intelligence documents indicating there was “NSTR” — or nothing significant to report — when he had not actually reviewed materials to make that determination.
Court filings show Cicatello worked at the Washington Navy Yard for SAIC — a company that later became Leidos — doing contract work for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. He was fired in November 2011 after co-workers complained about him, court filings show.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Mark Lytle asked that Cicatello spent somewhere between six months and a year in jail — the penalty recommended by federal sentencing guidelines — and argued that his apathy “could have put our troops in harm's way,” even if prosecutors did not have evidence anyone got hurt because of it.
Aamra S. Ahmad, Cicatello's defense attorney, asked for a sentence of only probation with a small period of community confinement, calling her client's misdeeds “truly aberrant behavior for him.”
“He acted out of laziness, immaturity and irresponsibility,” Ahmad said.
Lee seemed most moved, though, by Cicatello's Army service and the degree to which his life had already been affected by his actions. Lee noted that Cicatello's $80,000 salary had evaporated to nothing, and he would likely never be able to work again as a government contractor.
Ahmad said her client had unsuccessfully sought jobs at McDonald's, Burger King and Macy's, and he planned to attend culinary school. She declined to comment after the hearing.
Get updates on your area delivered via e-mail.
Every month Shiro Cosmetics releases a special color of the month – usually they're suggestions from the Facebook page, which are culled down to 5 or 6 options and voted on near the end of the month. They're officially sold for one month only, though they frequently “secretly” stick around for a while after (meaning that you can access the product page directly but it's not on the site anywhere). But they do eventually go away, sometimes to much keening and sobbing from the sparkle-loving masses who have gotten attached to LE colors.
Well, this month Shiro brought back all of the colors of the month from the last year, plus two from the previous year that were in popular demand. I am planning to pick up a few that I missed out on (most specifically Dammit, Moon Moon), but I have the bulk of them already, so I figured it would be helpful to throw up some swatches.
Doge: Slightly pink-toned shimmery creamy dogey wonderment.
A light peachy-pink champagne kind of shade. One of my favorites.
Still No Oscar for Leo DiCaprio: Shimmering rose-tinted champagne with bright silver sparks.
A shimmery champagne with silver sparks. Gorgeous. Also a very close dupe of the much-missed old CotM, I Survived the Apocalypse.
I Tried: That gorgeous rose-gold that everyone's been wanting!
Shimmery rose gold. Very very pretty, but occasionally makes me look like I have conjunctivitis if I'm not careful.
What Does the Fox Say?: Bright foxy red-orange with subtle metallic bronze shimmer.
A beautiful rusty orange with a slightly more subdued metallic finish. I LOVE this one, but I don't see it talked about too often. Pity.
Butts (Malcolm Reynolds Edition): This particular version of Butts is inspired by Captain Malcolm Reynolds, whose booty is supreme. Shimmery khaki-tinted beige.
HEYO CAPTAIN TIGHTPANTS. A metallic khaki sort of color. I like it. But let's be honest, I would've bought this if the jar came full of ants instead of eyeshadow because it's got Mal's glorious face on it.
Bowties Are Cool: Dark cranberry red with blue and tan shimmer.
So are fezzes. Fezzes are cool. This shadow is weird. It's got a dark reddish base with a green overlay. I have never actually used this, and very likely never will, but it's Doctor Who.
The outliers. I really should've put Yzma's Essence of Llama in with the neutrals instead of Bowties are Cool. In swatching, as in life, hindsight is always 20/20, etc.
Jareth's Tight Pants: A dove-grey color worthy of the Goblin King, scattered with scandalous white sparkles.
A matte grey base with silver sparkles. I love the name of this one – I mean, what's not to love about David Bowie's magnificent bulge – but I'm not crazy about the color. It's not super pigmented, applies kind of patchy, and as I've said before I don't really like these matte + random sparkle kind of shades.
Yzma's Essence of Llama: Dark plum purple with llama-colored duochrome.
LLAMA FACE! This color is sex. I mean just look at it in the jar up there. It's a dark dark purple base loaded with coppery shimmer. Ugh, I love it. I never USE it, but I love it.
Plausible Walrus: Bright poppy-pink with a violet shift.
A super bright coral-ish pink with some purple shift. Not a color I'll use, honestly, but I couldn't resist Jamie's walrusy face.
The Fourth Be With You: Vivid, strangely metallic limey lightsaber green.
Shiro's 4th anniversary color! A bright acid-y green. This was included with orders over $15 during the anniversary sale, which is the only reason I have it. As I'm sure you've noticed, lime green is not a color I would pick for myself.
So there you have 'em! My personal favorites are Doge, Still No Oscar for Leo DiCaprio, What Does the Fox Say?, and Yzma's Essence of Llama. Runner-up goes to I Tried and Butts.
The colors here are linked to their individual pages, but if you want to see what else is available, the main Color of the Month page is here. Availability is guaranteed until June 30th, after which point the two most popular colors will be made permanent (ish?) High Scores and the rest will, presumably, disappear.
Every day, we rely on our physical surroundings–friends, gadgets, and even hand gestures–to manage incoming information and retain it. In a Review published August 16 in Trends in Cognitive Sciences, two researchers explain the myriad ways in which forms of assistance from gestures to GPS affect both what we know and what we think we know.
Evan F. Risko, a Canada Research chair in Cognitive Psychology at the University of Waterloo, and co-author Sam Gilbert, a Royal Society research fellow at University College London, call these behaviors “cognitive offloading”–physical actions that reduce the mental effort needed to perform a task. When required to remember an appointment, for example, people are faced with the choice of internally remembering it or “offloading” it, by writing it down in a calendar or setting a reminder with a smartphone. Similarly, your accountant may choose to use a calculator when going over your finances rather than mentally perform all of the necessary computations.
What's happening here, say the authors, is the use of a physical action (writing, using a calculator) to eliminate the need for that internal effort–the cognitive burden. One of the key messages of Risko and Gilbert's Review is that people will engage in such offloading behavior when they believe it is more efficient than their internal abilities. However, these beliefs do not always match reality.
“The growing interaction between people and technology has really brought interest in the subject to the forefront. People want to understand how technology affects the way we think,” says Risko. Gilbert adds, “Cognitive offloading undoubtedly brings huge benefits, but also potential costs. We are just beginning to understand these effects. For example, how can technology allow us to remain independent as we grow older, and what might the downsides be to relying on external devices?”
Though some people may think of offloading as harmful to one's ability to remember, the truth is that these strategies are needed for everyday thinking and planning. People will usually turn toward these offloading strategies because we are “capacity limited” in our cognitive abilities. We may be able to remember a list of five, six, or seven numbers, but it's unlikely that we could remember 47 of them. Offloading gives us the ability to “subvert our cognitive limits,” say the researchers, who point out that “devices such as smartphones allow us to be more confident and able to do things that we've not been able to do before.”
However, offloading can also have negative consequences. “If you're allowed to store some to-be-remembered information on a computer, chances are you won't devote cognitive real estate to remembering it,” says Risko. “As a result, your ability to remember that information without the computer will likely be reduced. There's little doubt that these new technologies are affecting what we remember.”
Recent research has demonstrated some of the consequences of offloading, particularly when offloading onto electronic devices, such as personal computers or digital cameras. In one study, researchers gave museumgoers digital cameras and found that taking photographs degraded subjects' ability to remember the objects they viewed, and specific details about those objects, when compared to their ability to remember objects not photographed. Another study, by Gilbert, showed that using reminders changed the physical activity inside volunteers' brains when they remembered plans and intentions.
Moving forward, Risko and Gilbert want to focus on the way offloading changes the way we think, as well as what's happening in the brain as a result of different offloading strategies. They are also interested in the long-term consequences of living in a modern, high-tech environment that allows us to constantly offload our cognition.
Risko stressed that these are all questions that can only be answered with time. “There's a lot of conversation about whether devices like smartphones are ruining us cognitively or not,” says Risko. “There isn't a lot of research available yet that addresses the long-term cognitive consequences of offloading. What our Review has shown is that similar scientific principles apply to our use of a wide variety of devices, such as pen and paper, GPS trackers, and smartphones. This should make it easier for researchers to fully understand these devices' consequences in the future.”
Advertisement Boston 'wiped out as a city' if Harvey hit, Walsh says Share Shares Copy Link Copy
While Boston sends help to Houston as that city recovers from record rainfall and devastating flooding, Boston Mayor Martin Walsh is turning his attention to how Boston would cope with a similar storm. What he knows so far: every option is an expensive one.During an appearance on Boston Herald Radio on Wednesday morning, Walsh said the impacts of Harvey are "forcing us to sit down at a table with my team and talk about what we would do in a case like this," but the mayor acknowledged that such a storm would decimate the city."If we got hit with a storm like this, if Harvey hit Boston Harbor, we're wiped out as a city," Walsh said. "We can't prevent it today. What we can do is evacuate, make sure people get out of their homes, make sure that we have contingency plans for people that get out of their homes, make sure that we have plans for rebuilding, making sure we don't have the looting that's going on in Houston right now and clamp down on public safety in the community, but that's all we could do right now. Really, seriously, when you think about it."Walsh specifically mentioned a proposal that has been floated to build a massive barrier in Boston Harbor that could control the flow of water into the inner harbor. The Boston Globe wrote about the idea in February and reported that the idea "is now under serious study by a team of some of the region's top scientists and engineers, who recently received a major grant to pursue their research.""There was a story somewhere that talked about we could build a $10 billion basically dam in Boston Harbor but it would cost $10 billion. That's crazy," Walsh said. "If we got hit with Harvey, we're probably talking $50-60 billion worth of damage. Does that $10 billion figure look that crazy anymore?"The mayor stressed that he does not know if the dam is a "real potential" and said, "We don't have, obviously, $10 billion," but added that the city must begin to think about this sort of thing."We have to start thinking more and more about this stuff," he said. "We have to start looking at the city, where, in fact, would we evacuate to? Would we have to evacuate the entire city?"The city's Green Ribbon Commission has already begun researching what climate change and sea level rise would mean for Boston. The commission reported this year that without improvements to the city's stormwater drainage system more than "11,000 structures and 85,000 people will be directly exposed to frequent stormwater flooding" as early as the 2070s."As sea levels continue to rise, severely damaging floods will shift from a rare occurrence to a monthly reality. In the near term, a flood event inundating 5 percent of the city will have a 1 percent chance of occurring in any given year," the commission's report states. "By midcentury, such a flood will become ten times more likely, and by the late century, that magnitude of flooding will occur at least once a month. This means that between 10 percent and 20 percent of Charlestown, East Boston, Downtown, and South Boston will face hightide flooding, even when there is no storm."No matter what Boston ultimately does to deal with rising seas and the potential for more powerful storms, Walsh said, it will not come cheap."Whatever the answer is, in Boston or anywhere in America on the coast, it's expensive," Walsh, the former head of the Boston Building Trades, said. "It's going to be an expensive project, whatever we do."Rep. Byron Rushing, who represents parts of the South End and Back Bay, tweeted Tuesday evening that he agrees with Walsh that Boston needs a plan "sooner (rather) than later" and offered constituents a way to discern whether their property might be susceptible to flooding."Ignore the consultants-Want to know if you're prone to flooding, get an 1815 map of Boston, your streets not there? Buy an inflatable boat," he tweeted.
Yuval Noah Harari's first book, Sapiens, was an international sensation. The Israeli historian's mind-bending tour through the trump of Homo sapiens is a favorite of, among others, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, and Barack Obama. His new book, Homo Deus: a Brief History of Tomorrow, is about what comes next for humanity — and the threat our own intelligence and creative capacity poses to our future. And it, too, is fantastically interesting.
I've wanted to talk to Harari since reading Sapiens. I've had one big question about him: What kind of mind creates a book like Sapiens? And now I know. A clear one.
Virtually everything Harari says in our conversation is fascinating. But what I didn't expect was how central his consistent practice of Vipassana meditation — which includes a 60-day silent retreat each year — is to understanding the works of both history and futurism he produces. In this excerpt from our discussion, which is edited for length and clarity, we dig deep into Harari's meditative practice and how it helps him see the stories humanity tells itself.
To listen to my whole conversation with Harari — which delves into AI, the future of work, Harari's favorite books, and more — subscribe to my podcast, The Ezra Klein Show, on iTunes, Spotify, or wherever you get your fine audio programming, or stream it off SoundCloud.
Ezra Klein
You told the Guardian that without meditation, you'd still be researching medieval military history — but not the Neanderthals or cyborgs. What changes has meditation brought to your work as a historian?
Yuval Harari
Two things, mainly. First of all, it's the ability to focus. When you train the mind to focus on something like the breath, it also gives you the discipline to focus on much bigger things and to really tell the difference between what's important and everything else. This is a discipline that I have brought to my scientific career as well. It's so difficult, especially when you deal with long-term history, to get bogged down in the small details or to be distracted by a million different tiny stories and concerns. It's so difficult to keep reminding yourself what is really the most important thing that has happened in history or what is the most important thing that is happening now in the world. The discipline to have this focus I really got from the meditation.
The other major contribution, I think, is that the entire exercise of Vipassana meditation is to learn the difference between fiction and reality, what is real and what is just stories that we invent and construct in our own minds. Almost 99 percent you realize is just stories in our minds. This is also true of history. Most people, they just get overwhelmed by the religious stories, by the nationalist stories, by the economic stories of the day, and they take these stories to be the reality.
My main ambition as a historian is to be able to tell the difference between what's really happening in the world and what are the fictions that humans have been creating for thousands of years in order to explain or in order to control what's happening in the world.
Ezra Klein
One of the ideas that is central to your book Sapiens is that the central quality of Homo sapiens, what has allowed us to dominate the earth, is the ability to tell stories and create fictions that permit widespread cooperation in a way other species can't. And what you count as fiction ranges all the way from early mythology to the Constitution of the United States of America.
I wouldn't have connected that to the way meditation changes what you see as real, but it makes sense that if you're observing the way your mind creates imaginary stories, maybe much more ends up falling into that category than you originally thought.
Yuval Harari
Yes, exactly. We seldom realize it, but all large-scale human cooperation is based on fiction. This is most clear in the case of religion, especially other people's religion. You can easily understand that, yes, millions of people come together to cooperate in a crusade or a jihad or to build the cathedral or a synagogue because all of them believe some fictional story about God and heaven and hell.
What is much more difficult to realize is that exactly the same dynamic operates in all other kinds of human cooperation. If you think about human rights, human rights are a fictional story just like God and heaven. They are not a biological reality. Biologically speaking, humans don't have rights. If you take Homo sapiens and look inside, you find the heart and the kidneys and the DNA. You don't find any rights. The only place rights exist is in the stories that people have been inventing.
Another very good example is money. Money is probably the most successful story ever told. It has no objective value. It's not like a banana or a coconut. If you take a dollar bill and look at it, you can't eat it. You can't drink it. You can't wear it. It's absolutely worthless. We think it's worth something because we believe a story. We have these master storytellers of our society, our shamans — they are the bankers and the financiers and the chairperson of the Federal Reserve, and they come to us with this amazing story that, "You see this green piece of paper? We tell you that it is worth one banana."
If I believe it and you believe it and everybody believes it, it works. It actually works. I can take this worthless piece of paper, go to a complete stranger who I never met before, give him this piece of paper, and he in exchange will give me a real banana that I can eat.
This is really amazing, and no other animal can do it. Other animals sometimes trade. Chimpanzees, for example, they trade. You give me a coconut. I'll give you a banana. That can work with a chimpanzee, but you give me a worthless piece of paper and you expect me to give you a banana? That will never work with a chimpanzee.
This is why we control the world, and not the chimpanzees.
Ezra Klein
But there are ways in which those stories create fragility, too. You take something like the 2008-'09 financial crisis. What happened there was the global financial markets had told themselves a story. They had told themselves a story about how much risk there was, in particular subprime mortgage debt, and that story turned out to be wrong. All of a sudden, they had to tell themselves a different story, and then all the stories built on that story collapsed — stories about how stocks in the lumber industry would do, and how many people would have jobs in a year. And eventually that changed reality.
A fragility here is when you begin to mistake your stories for reality, and you overestimate both their permanence and how difficult it would be for them to be changed or moved.
Yuval Harari
Yes, it goes both ways. Because it is based on stories, human society is far more flexible and dynamic than any other society on earth, and at the same time, it's also far more fragile.
Think, for example, about revolutions. Among other animals, it's very difficult to change the social system overnight. It's almost impossible. If you think about, for example, a beehive, the bees have had their social system for millions and millions of years, and they cannot change it unless through a very slow and very complicated process of natural selection and evolution. The bees cannot just wake up one morning, execute the queen bee, and establish a communist dictatorship of worker bees.
But among humans, we do have such social revolutions. Exactly a century ago, 1917, you had the communist revolution in Russia, where the revolutionaries executed the czar and established a completely different social system in Russia within a few years just by changing the story Russians believed. They no longer believed in the divine right of the czar. Instead, they now believed that authority comes from the workers, from the people.
This is why every society invests so much effort in propaganda and brainwashing people from a very early age to believe in the dominant story of the society, because if they don't believe, everything collapses.
Ezra Klein
Before we leave the topic of meditation, I read that you do routinely 60-day retreats. That is an experience that I cannot imagine, so I would love to hear what those are like for you and what role they serve in your life.
Yuval Harari
First of all, it's very difficult. You don't have any distractions, you don't have television, you don't have emails, no phones, no books. You don't write. You just have every moment to focus on what is really happening right now, on what is reality. You come across the things you don't like about yourself, things that you don't like about the world, that you spend so much time ignoring or suppressing.
You start with the most basic bodily sensations of the breath coming in and out, of sensations in your stomach, in your legs, and as you connect to that, you gain the ability to really observe what's happening. You get clarity with regard to what's happening in your mind. You cannot really observe anger or fear or boredom if you cannot observe your breath. Your breath is so much easier than observing your anger or your fear.
People want to understand their anger, to understand their fear. But they think that observing the breath, oh, this is not important at all. But if you can't observe something as obvious and as simple as the breath coming in and out, you have absolutely no chance of really observing your anger, which is far more stormy and far more difficult.
What happens along the 60 days is that as your mind becomes more focused and more clear, you go deeper and deeper, and you start seeing the sources of where all this anger is coming from, where all this fear is coming from, and you just observe. You don't try to do anything. You don't tell any stories about your anger. You don't try to fight it. Just observe. What is anger? What is boredom? You live sometimes for years and years and years experiencing anger and fear and boredom every day, and you never really observe, how does it actually feel to be angry? Because you're too caught up in the angry.
The 60 days of meditation, they give you the opportunity. You can have a wave of anger, and sometimes it can last for days and you just, for days, you do nothing. You just observe. What is anger? How does it actually feel in the body? What is actually happening in my mind when I am angry? This is the most amazing thing that I've ever observed, is really to observe these internal phenomena.
Ezra Klein
It impresses me that you have the presence or the commitment to continue doing this. Sapiens was an international runaway best-seller. It's a huge hit in Silicon Valley. When I had Bill Gates on this podcast, he recommended Sapiens to me and to the audience. Mark Zuckerberg has talked about Sapiens. Barack Obama has talked about Sapiens. I imagine the demands of your time, the speaking engagements, the paid speaking engagements, the conferences and meetings that you get invited to now, I'm sure there's vastly more than you can do. I'm curious if your relationship to meditation has changed at all in the past couple of years after your success.
Yuval Harari
There is always temptation to take another speaking engagement or another conference, but I'm very disciplined about it because I know this is the really important stuff. This is the source of my scientific success, so when I plan the year in advance, the first thing I do is — I already know that in 2017 I'm going from the 15th of October to the 15th of December to India to sit at a 60-day meditation retreat. That's the first thing I put in the schedule. Everything else has to be arranged around that. It was the same last year in 2016.
Actually I heard about Trump's election only on the 20th of January, because this is when I came out of the retreat. I entered in early November, and I missed the elections. As I said, you have absolutely no distractions. You have no connections with the outside world, no emails, no television, no nothing, so you don't know what's happening on the outside, but what's happening on the inside is so interesting.
Ezra Klein
Beyond the two hours of meditation you do daily, how do you structure the information you receive during the day? How do you separate what is real and important and what is ephemera or mere stories?
Yuval Harari
I try to set my own agenda and not to allow technology to set the agenda for me. I tend to read books, long books, rather than short passages or tweets. I think another thing that has happened over the last century is that we have moved from an information scarcity to a deluge of information. Previously the main problem with information for people was that they didn't have enough of it, and there was censorship, and information was very rare and hard to obtain. Now it's just the opposite. We are inundated by immense amounts of information.
We really lose control of our attention. Our attention is hijacked by all kinds of external forces. For me, not just in meditation, but when I work, I try to be very, very disciplined with my attention not to allow external forces to take control of my attention.
Ezra Klein
It's surprising to me how much context this gives me for Homo Deus. To give a very capsule summary of the book, you're arguing that human beings used to have a society centered around stories about God. They moved to one in the last couple hundred years centered around stories about human beings. And now they're moving to one that is centered around stories about data.
To the degree that we will be honored for our contributions to society, you say it will be for the contribution we make to the data streams that various computer-assisted algorithms are using to generate value and create production. I felt, reading the book, that that scenario looks more plausible to you than it does to me, but perhaps it is because you are stepping a little bit further out of the daily cacophony, and so the change and the degree to which everybody is obsessed and immersed in a lot of data all of the time is more clear.
Yuval Harari
Yeah, I think it's a very good summary of the new book. The way that I live influences the way I think, and hopefully the conclusions I reach in my research fit back into the way that I live — because just to reach a theoretical conclusion that has no influence on how you actually live, what's the point?
Specialty coffee keeps growing in Los Angeles, with consumers more knowledgeable than ever about quality, sourcing, and brewing variants. Recently, some new shops and out-of-town roasters have planted their operations in the city, upping the game just one more level. LA has even been declared, "the most exciting specialty coffee city in the world." This list is even more whittled down to the best of the best, showcasing each spot's commitment to the highest quality beans and ideal brewing methods.
Note: Restaurants on this map are listed geographically.
Brew, Caffe Luxxe, Primo Passo, Lamill, Two Guns, Espresso Profeta, Cafe de Leche, Balconi CoffeeCognoscenti Coffee Bar, Broome St. General Store, Bourbon Street Cafe, Fix Coffee, Tierra Mia, Jones Coffee Roasters, G&B at SQIRL, Cafecito Organico MalibuG&B Coffee, Go Get Em Tiger, Demitasse, Barista Society, Commissary at Siren Studios, Deus, Caffe VitaJones, Fix, G&B at SQIRL, Bourbon Street CafeCopa Vida, Stumptown Coffee, BrewWell, Menotti's Read More
Why do we pretend we "know" most pregnancies last 40 weeks, when most midwives – and parents – will tell you that a baby's exact exit date is the least precise science around? For decades no one has dared to challenge the idea that a pregnancy lasts precisely 40 weeks. The traditional view, here as well as in the US, is that the due date is at 40 weeks and pregnancy should last no longer than 42 weeks. Now a new study is challenging whether having a due date is helpful at all.
A study by the US National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences has found that the length of pregnancy can vary naturally by as much as five weeks. Try telling this to your midwife in the UK, where every woman is expected to give birth within a strict two-week window or face medical intervention.
Only 4% of babies are born on their due date. 80% arrive between 2 weeks before and 2 weeks after. The rest are either premature or late. For parents faced with the latter, this new study is a revelation.
The arrival of a baby is something that needs to be judged on a case-by-case basis, taking into account the health of the mother and baby, plus the mother's birth record, instead of setting arbitrary dates which are not based on sound evidence. If you fall beyond the 42-week limit, you are strongly encouraged to be induced (when labour is started artificially). One in five babies are induced in the UK, and many women choose to undergo it long before the 42-week cut-off. But it carries risks, however small. There is an increased risk of forceps or vacuum extraction, an increased risk of caesarean section and an increased risk to the baby of jaundice.
I faced the decision of whether to induce at 42-weeks with my third baby, Jack, now nearly three. Our two older children had been born naturally, 10 days and 14 days overdue. Those days of waiting are excruciating. With every day that passes, you become more and more convinced that there is something wrong with your baby.
But, despite this, I was determined not to cave in to my own anxiety and allow the baby to come in its own good time. I held out to 20 days overdue (a "10-month momma" as they call it on US pregnancy blogs), before finally consenting to induction. All was well. But I have always wondered when Jack's "real" birthday would have been.
The arguments for induction are serious. As NHS guidelines put it: "There is a higher risk of stillbirth if you go over 42 weeks pregnant, but not every pregnancy over 42 weeks is affected this way. At the moment there is no way of knowing which babies might be at risk, so induction is offered to all women who don't go into labour by 42 weeks." Just reading the word "stillbirth" is enough to make anyone get induced immediately. In reality, the research into births past 42 weeks is limited and out of date. Because, of course, very few people ever go past this date so there is no research.
It has already been acknowledged that these new results are ground-breaking, but it is a shame the study was limited to 125 women. The study found that gestation varied naturally by as much as 37 days. That's five weeks of variability. This news is relevant to every pregnancy. But it's even more relevant in a world where women are giving birth later. The study found that older women had longer pregnancies; there has been a 15% rise in births to women in their 40s in the UK over the last five years.
The study's conclusion? "Too early to make clinical recommendations" but clinicians may want to "keep the results in mind" when deciding whether to intervene in a pregnancy. This is disappointing. Just as we need to know more about whether it is safe to go past the date we've stuck to for so long, we also need far more information about this extraordinary 37-day variation.
February 26, 2019 Dear Friend, Dear Friend, I am excited to announce a historic agreement that The Humane Society of the United States reached this morning with the United Egg Producers, which could result in a complete makeover of the U.S. egg industry and improve the treatment of the 280 million laying hens used each year in U.S. egg production. Thanks to your support over the years, through our state ballot initiatives and legislative and corporate campaigns, we now have a new pathway forward to ban barren battery cages and phase in more humane standards nationwide. The HSUS and UEP have agreed to work together to advocate for federal legislation that would: Require a moratorium at the end of 2011 on new construction of unenrichable battery cages -- small, cramped, cages that nearly immobilize more than 90 percent of laying hens today -- and the nationwide elimination of barren battery cages through a phase-out period;
Require phased in construction of new hen housing systems that provide hens nearly double the amount of space they're currently provided;
Require environmental enrichments so birds can engage in important natural behaviors currently denied to them in barren cages, such as perches, nesting boxes, and scratching areas;
Mandate labeling on all egg cartons nationwide to inform consumers of the method used to produce the eggs, such as "eggs from caged hens" or "eggs from cage-free hens";
Prohibit forced molting through starvation -- an inhumane practice that is inflicted on tens of millions of hens each year and which involves withholding all food from birds for up to two weeks in order to manipulate the laying cycle;
Prohibit excessive ammonia levels in henhouses -- a common problem in the industry that is harmful to both hens and egg industry workers;
Require standards for euthanasia of hens; and
Prohibit the sale of eggs and egg products nationwide that don't meet these above requirements. If enacted, this would be the first federal law relating to chickens used for food, as well as the first federal law relating to the on-farm treatment of any species of farm animal. Some of the provisions would be implemented nearly immediately after enactment, such as those relating to forced molting, ammonia, and euthanasia, and others after just a few years, including labeling and the requirement that all birds will have to have at least 67 square inches of space each. (Currently, approximately 50 million laying hens are confined to only 48 square inches each.) The bill would require that all egg producers increase space per bird in a tiered phase-in, resulting in a final number, within 15 years for nearly all producers, of at minimum, 124-144 square inches of space each, along with the other improvements noted above. In order to protect Proposition 2 (a landmark laying hen welfare initiative passed in California in 2008 that many of you worked on), all California egg producers -- with nearly 20 million laying hens -- would be required to eliminate barren battery cages by 2015 (the date Prop 2 goes into effect), and provide all hens with environmental enrichments, such as perches, nesting boxes, and scratching areas. This will also apply to the sale of all eggs and egg products in California. And this agreement to pass comprehensive federal legislation on hen welfare puts a hold on planned ballot measures related to laying hen welfare in both Washington and Oregon. Passing this federal bill would be a historic improvement for hundreds of millions of animals per year. We are grateful to all of our volunteers, supporters, and others who have helped to make the cage confinement of egg-laying hens a national issue, and we will keep you informed as we make progress on this issue. I hope you will contact your U.S. senators and representative today and urge them to support this federal legislation to end barren battery cage confinement and provide more humane standards for laying hens. Sincerely,
Wayne Pacelle
President & CEO
The Humane Society of the United States
Dawn patrol: cyclists on Melbourne's Beach Road, which has a weekend clearway. I'm riding in the left-hand lane so that cars can go past on the right. Up ahead, however, a parked car is blocking the lane. I have to move into the right lane to get around it – but this is trickier than a similar manoeuvre in a car, because even though I'm doing about 30km/h, there's still a fair speed differential between me and the cars approaching from behind. I look over my shoulder, wait for a gap, give a hand signal, and move into the right hand lane, grateful that a driver has let me in. OK, I'm now past the parked car, but looking ahead, I notice there's another parked in the left lane a short distance ahead. I weigh my choices. I can stay in the right lane until I've passed the next parked car, at the risk of annoying the drivers behind me – "why isn't he getting over to the left?"
Or, I can move back into the left lane to allow one or two cars to get past; however, I'll almost immediately have to get into the right lane again, counting on another driver to let me in, while hoping it's not the type of person who will be fixated on getting past me no matter what it takes. It's often a tough decision, made while mentally processing a time-and-motion physics problem. There's a temptation to avoid conflict by skimming past the parked car; but then you risk being doored, flung into the road and possibly hit by a following vehicle – causing a far greater obstruction for everyone. And the fun part is that normally, within a hundred metres or so, we'll all be stopped by the same traffic light. There can be upsides. Sometimes, cars in the left lane are parked sporadically enough to provide you with a virtual bike lane, as drivers stay on the right to avoid repeated obstructions. Often, it's all about density and timing. On-street parking is one of the stranger features of the transport world. We build roads to travel on, then clog them up with stationary vehicles.
It wasn't always this way – historic pictures reveal a time when cars were rare and roads were mostly open spaces. But slowly, and by stealth, parked cars have colonised our public thoroughfares, with atherosclerotic results. As business journalist Alan Kohler recently wrote: "I'd go so far as to say most of the national infrastructure budget on roads and public transport is being spent to make up for the failure of weak-kneed politicians to force parked cars off the roads." As Kohler points out, clearways are an obvious solution – but are fiercely resisted outside weekday peak hours. I find it even more curious that a bicycle travelling in a left-hand lane is seen by many as an annoying obstruction, while a parked car entirely blocking the lane and causing a bottleneck is considered acceptable. Road lanes can also become literal used-car lots. On weekends, sections of the bus lane on Pittwater Road, on Sydney's northern beaches – a popular route for cyclists - are lined with dozens of vehicles displaying "for sale" information in their windows. It's not just cars – what about boats and trailers? Even when occupying parking spaces, they often jut out into roadways and bike lanes, obstructing passage and sightlines.
Last year a woman was fatally struck by a car while cycling around a boat in Randwick. The NSW government is reportedly planning to crack down on marooned boats – if you call having to move the vessel every three months a "crackdown". Are there any solutions to on-street parking? It seems unlikely anything will change soon. People need places to put their cars, and I speak as one who knows – until I got rid of it a few years ago, I parked a car on my street for half a decade. But that wasn't in a traffic lane. The real conflicts emerge when travel capacity is reduced by parking. On the flipside, it can be an indication that a lane can use to benefit a greater number of people – such as cyclists. On Melbourne's Beach Road, a weekend clearway from 6am to 10am, instituted some years ago, makes things easier for the many thousands of cyclists who use the road – and motorists, too. Riders travelling in two-abreast bunches are more compact and easier to overtake than long lines of single riders – but, as I noted on a recent ride in Sydney's south, navigating around occasional parked cars can be harder in a group. A strong argument could be made for early morning parking clearways on other popular cycling routes.
As always, safe behaviour and mutual consideration is the key. If you're having to navigate around parked cars, indicate your intentions and be deliberate in your movements. And above all, stay well clear of the door zone of death. Do you find parked cars a challenge when cycling? Are there places where you feel parking regulations should be changed? To encourage constructive debate, this blog will be carefully moderated; please stay on topic.
Follow Michael O'Reilly on Twitter or email him.
Over the last several months, one of the most-requested features for Wolfram|Alpha has been to add information about the cryptocurrency Bitcoin. Well, you asked, and we've answered: Bitcoin data is here!
For those who need a quick introduction, Bitcoin is a digital currency—that is, a currency that is stored and tracked digitally, without a physical counterpart. Instead of being issued and regulated by a central bank, Bitcoin is produced through a process known as “mining,” and unlike many other online transactions, bitcoins can be sent and received anonymously, person-to-person. The advantages and drawbacks of Bitcoin have been heavily debated in recent months, but it's become clear that the popularity of Bitcoin makes it worth tracking.
Wolfram|Alpha can, of course, provide data about the value of a bitcoin:
On the afternoon of January 20, 1 bitcoin was worth $953 USD (which will almost certainly change by the time you read this post); as seen at the bottom of the query, Wolfram|Alpha will also return conversion rates for yen, euros, and yuan. Wolfram|Alpha also displays the peak and minimum values for Bitcoin over the last year; as the chart above shows, Bitcoin has been a rather volatile currency since the start of 2013.
Once you've figured out the value of your Bitcoin, what can you do with it? Most likely you'd want to use your Bitcoin to buy something, and an increasing number of retailers (including, recently, Overstock.com) have begun to accept Bitcoin directly as payment. A particularly interesting example is Virgin Galactic, which is accepting Bitcoin to purchase suborbital spaceflight tickets on their upcoming SpaceShipTwo. The cost for one of these flights in US dollars is currently $250,000. How many bitcoins would this set you back?
The value of Bitcoin has risen dramatically in recent years, as our historical Bitcoin data show. If you wanted to purchase the 263.17 bitcoins necessary for that Virgin Galactic flight—but you could go back in time to January 1, 2011 to do so—how much would it set you back?
Not a bad deal, depending on how much that time machine cost.
As with other currencies, you can create queries that integrate the value of Bitcoin with other data in Wolfram|Alpha. For example, you can take a look at how many bitcoins (or fractions of them) you'd receive on the minimum wage:
If you like our Bitcoin queries, don't forget about all the other interesting data we have on money and finance, including stock values, mortgage calculations, and even queries for online advertising revenue. Good luck!
Last month, following a series of seemingly random tweets by Wikileaks, we reported that starting on February 4th, each day Wikileaks began sending out a series of cryptic question Tweets teasing the world about “Vault 7”. The questions were framed in Whom, What, When, Where, Why, and How format (but not in that order). Each came with an image “clue”.
Here they are in chronological order starting with the earliest.
While it is possible that Vault 7 is directly related to one of these pictures, these pictures may just be representative images, part of some sort of pattern, or clues about the answers to the corresponding questions. As the pictures are images of entirely different things (and no longer just pictures of vaults), each individual picture being related to the answer of the question tweeted along with it seems quite plausible.
Then, after a flurry of appearances over a month ago, the topic of "Vault 7" faded away from the Wikileaks Twitter account, until Monday evening, when in a tweet around 7:30pm, Wikileaks announced that it had released an encrypted 'torrent' file, just over 500 MB in size and which can be downloaded now at the following URL, will be made accessible for everyone tomorrow at 9am ET when Wikileaks releases the passphrase.
ENCRYPTED RELEASE
Use a 'torrent' downloader on: https://t.co/gpBxJAoYD5
And '7z' to decrypt.
Passphrase will be made public at Tue 9am ET. pic.twitter.com/MxZQtoaCMK — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 7, 2017
In subsequent tweets, Wikileaks provides further information on how to unzip the encrypted file contained in the torrent.
How to unarchive a ".7z" (7zip) file: Use a 7zip program. Many are available for Windows/Mac/Linux. Internet search for "7zip". — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 7, 2017
1) Install 'transmission' (https://t.co/DUxLqfVT74)
2) download https://t.co/gpBxJAoYD5
3) install '7zip'
4) use it to unpack '.7z' file — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 7, 2017
To unpack Vault 7, part one: "Year Zero", on a Mac, you can use this '.7z' unarchiver https://t.co/nDNzMv4Gkn https://t.co/uRI8d0w1z1 — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 7, 2017
Why unveil the contents of "Vault 7", which some have speculated is a form of an insurance policy for Julian Assange? It may have something to do with Saturday's report that Guillermo Lasso, the frontrunner in Ecuador's presidential election, whose runoff round will take place on April 2, has warned that he will ask "Assange to leave our [London] embassy." Or it could be something totally different.
For now, there is no indication what is contained on the released torrent, although we are confident that many will have it downloaded and looking forward to tomorrow's 9am release of the password to unlock the contents of the mysterious file.
Cloud Enabling Your Enterprise Agreement
Office 365 E3
The Enterprise Mobility Suite
A per-user offer of Windows Software Assurance (SA) rights.
Putting the Enterprise Cloud Suite Price into Perspective
One of the things that I remember from the two years I spent getting my MBA was the “4 P's” of Success Products: Product , Packaging , Pricing and Promotion . Multiple professors repeated this message throughout the MBA program: The products that gain significant adoption in the market come from organizations that get all four Ps right – and you can see this repeated in the histories of really successful companies/products. It starts with having a great product – one that meets a need and delights customers. When the right product is combined with the right packaging, pricing, and promotion – magic can happen. Back in October, I wrote about three Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM) Game Changing announcements from Microsoft ( First Second , and Third ). Those first three announcements were really focused on product functionality and packaging,the deep technical integration between Intune and Office, the inclusion of Intune MDM capabilities into Office 365 , and the announcement of Office for Android tablets. With the release of updates to the Office mobile apps, and the updates to the Enterprise Mobility Suite services in November/December , I believe that, as of today, Microsoft has delivered thefor enabling users to be productive on any device. The announcement I am focusing on today is all about aandupdate that dramatically simplifies the acquisition and cost of Office 365, the Enterprise Mobility Suite, and Windows. Over the last two months I've shared this announcement under NDA with hundreds of our biggest customers, and, without exception, they all have the same response: “Wow! This makes Office 365, EMS and Windows so incredibly affordable… so, how quickly can you help us get this deployed?” With the 4 P's in mind, here's how partnering with Microsoft for your EMM gets you the absoluteat anMany large and medium-sized organizations around the world already have what is called an Enterprise Agreement (EA) with Microsoft. The EA is made up of three components: Windows Client, Office, and the CAL Suite. CAL stands for “Client Access License” and the Core CAL provides the license for users to access and use Exchange, SharePoint, Lync, SCCM, SCEP, and Windows Server. The intent of the EA has been to provide a simple way for organizations to acquire the products from Microsoft that they'll need to empower their users to be productive. This has been, by far, the most common method for large and medium organizations to license these products. With enterprises rapidly using more and more of our new cloud services (Office 365 and EMS are just two examples), customers have been asking for us to develop a “Cloud EA” that easily extends the investments they have made in their current EA to include these new cloud services. On December 1, 2014 we added this “Cloud EA” to our price list. It is called the Enterprise Cloud Suite ( ECS). The Enterprise Cloud Suite is a super simple way to upgrade your EA to include the new cloud services we've delivered. The ECS includes the following things:There is currently an incredible amount of interest in these solutions – and it is still accelerating. Office 365 and EMS are theand have hit what Geoffrey Moore calls “Escape Velocity” due to the vast numbers of customers already using these cloud services. For those of you at organizations which already have an EA with Windows, Office, and the CAL Suite: By adding ECS you have a way to move to an entirely user-based licensing setup. The price you pay will really depend on each situation, as well as what you've already licensed. If you don't have an EA, you can simply purchase the ECS via an Enterprise Cloud User Subscription License (USL). It's simple, easy, and cost effective. You are likely asking: “What does Windows SA per user as a part of your Enterprise Agreement enable?” The short answer is that it will enable the move to user-based licensing for both theWindows SA customers and for thecustomers.With an ECS user subscription you will be able to bring the value of Windows, VDI, Office 365, and EMS together – and this will simplify your licensing and reduce your total costs when compared to licensing by device. Over the last few months, I've been in dozens of meetings with organizations who are paying about the same as the ECS price just to get a per-user license for stand-alone EMM products (which, obviously, only does a fraction of what ECS delivers). In most of these cases, these organizations also have to deploy and maintain the EMM solution on top of their monthly license costs. This makes the total cost of ownership many, many times higher. If you are already using an EMM solution from someone else, I strongly encourage you to investigate the monthly cost of your current EMM solution. An upgrade to the Enterprise Cloud Suite provides a way for companies to move to entirely user-based licensing for a vast set of Microsoft Cloud services. Consider what your moneybe getting you:. This is a concrete way to make your organization more productive and save its money!
* * *
Office 365 + EMS provides MDM/MAM with Intune
Enterprise File Sync with OneDrive for Business
Secure e-mail with Outlook across devices + Intune
Full Office on all their platforms
All the benefits of Azure Active Directory that come with EMS
Windows SA per user
Over the last few weeks I've met with a number of Fortune 100 customers who were already deep into their exploration of Office 365 and EMS – but there are two customer conversations that really stick out to me. In each meeting, after spending some quality time covering the latest innovations and capabilities in O365+EMS, we began talking about the Enterprise Client Suite. Both of these organizations were early adopters in the Enterprise Mobility market, and they had both licensed a number of different solutions (followed by the pain of cobbling those solutions together). Both organizations said they were incredibly impressed with the integration Microsoft was delivering across identity, productivity, and management – and both noted that they had spent thousands of hours working towards this kind of integration with the products they'd already purchased. But they had failed. There was a tangible “Aha!” moment when we compared their current spending to ECS. Both of these organizations were payingmultiple products from three different companies vs. what their costs would be with ECS. In addition to the potential license savings of moving to ECS, their ongoing operations costs will decrease dramatically since the components of ECS have been built to work together and don't require constant fine tuning. At the time we spoke, these organizations were using a combination of products from AirWatch, MobileIron, Good Technology, Okta, and Box. Their total costs came to overPretty amazing. Product. Packaging. Pricing. Promotion. Microsoft is not just offering the most capable solution for Enterprise Mobility – we're doing it at a far,lower price. To learn more and get started, click here
About
What is the Tailgate Rivals web series?
Imagine all of the wild things that happen around tailgates on game day... well, unfortunately we can't show most of it on TV... but online, we can show you everything. Take these wild tailgaters and put them all into one show and make them battle for the votes of the viewers to be crowned "The Ultimate Tailgater"... now you have the Tailgate Rivals web series!
Why Kickstarter?
The show is built around the fans, so why not give the fans the ability to help produce the show?!
The production costs on a show like this are fairly high. We send video crews all over the country each weekend of the regular season and all of the hours of footage have to be cut into a show each week! This is where we need YOU.
For your generous help in producing this series, we have some cool rewards! So check them out on the right!
TCU Girls Tailgating
Tailgate Rivals Co-Host Kelsi Reich
Host Jim Knox AKA Knoxie
T-Shirts
With the reward levels that include the t-shirts you will be able to choose what design and school color once the campaign has ended. Keep an eye out for more designs coming out throughout the campaign.
Here are examples of the shirts you can choose from!
EXCLUSIVE Tailgate Rivals Producer Series - Silver Level and above
Pick Your School Color with Any Design
Pick Your School Color with Any Design
Pick Your School Color with Any Design
Tailgate Rivals Hat
With the reward levels that include the hat you will be able to choose your school color after the campaign has ended.
Tailgate Rivals Hat
TCU Girl Tailgater
Several years ago, the founder of IHOP, Mike Bickle, created a list of seven ways to recognize the difference between a religious community and a cult. Written down, the signs seem clear:
1. Opposing critical thinking 2. Isolating members and penalizing them for leaving 3. Emphasizing special doctrines outside scripture 4. Seeking inappropriate loyalty to their leaders 5. Dishonoring the family unit 6. Crossing Biblical boundaries of behavior (versus sexual purity and personal ownership) 7. Separation from the Church
But when it's your friends, your faith, your community, it's not so obvious. For several years, roughly two dozen people, all younger than thirty, had been living together in Kansas City, Missouri, and following the leadership of Tyler Deaton, one of our classmates from Southwestern University in Texas. In the summer of 2012, Tyler had married Bethany; by the fall, she was dead. What started as a dorm-room prayer group had devolved into something much darker.
* * *
I met Bethany and Tyler during the week of their freshman orientation in 2005. Small, with a heart-shaped face and bright blue eyes, Bethany's effortless wit and warm presence quickly attracted a devoted group of friends. She often spoke about the “glories of the world” and its wonders over brunch in the dining hall. We bonded over our shared love of stories and would often stay up late discussing our dreams of becoming great novelists and joining the ranks of our literary heroes.
One day during that first week, I found Tyler in the school's chapel. He was seated at the piano, the late-afternoon sunlight illuminating his dark eyes and hair as he swayed back and forth, stomping the pedals and singing a popular evangelical chorus in a voice full of heartache and passion:
Your love is extravagant Your friendship, it is intimate I feel like I'm moving to the rhythm of your grace Your fragrance is intoxicating In the secret place Because your love is extravagant
At the end of the song, he came over and introduced himself. Something about the nasal pitch of his voice made me wonder if he was gay. A few months later I would work up the courage to ask him; the question offended him so much that I didn't bring it up again until the end of that year, when he conceded that he had been “struggling with same-sex attraction” for years.
That semester, we became close friends. Early on, I felt as though Tyler often tried to manipulate people into doing what he wanted, but he was also a committed Christian, zealous and humble. Inspired by his sensitivity toward others and bravery in confronting his personal demons, I learned to ignore my initial reservations and trust him.
Two years later, in the summer of 2007, Tyler returned from a trip to Pakistan and announced that God was going to launch a spiritual revolution on our campus. Those of us who knew him well were surprised by the changes in his personality. He had always been extraordinarily perceptive, but now this ability had reached uncanny levels. He could describe conversations he wasn't involved in that were taking place on the other side of campus. He said God was always speaking. He claimed he could tell what we were thinking, when we were sinning; he said he could feel in his own body what God felt about us.
At American University this week, a man entered several campus buildings and posted racist fliers on bulletin boards. Attached to the fliers were pieces of cotton—reminders that black people were once slaves.
It's a disturbing incident. Campus police are investigating, and they have identified a suspect in what they are calling a "property-defacement" bias incident: a white, middle-aged man wearing construction gear and carrying a tool box.
That makes this case fairly unique. When someone commits an apparent act of bigotry at a university, he or she usually gets away with it. We often don't know who is posting the racist flyer, hanging the noose, writing the anti-gay slur. And we also don't know why.
These are important details to keep in mind as we consider a BuzzFeed investigation on the purported wave of hate that has struck college campuses in the wake of Donald Trump's election to the presidency. The piece, provocatively titled "Imagine Being Surrounded By People Who Hate You And Want To See You Dead," reports that "in the first comprehensive review of hate speech at higher education institutions since the 2016 election, BuzzFeed News has confirmed 154 total incidents at more than 120 campuses across the country. More than a third of the incidents cited Trump's name or slogans; more than two-thirds promoted white supremacist groups or ideology."
These incidents were reported to Documenting Hate, a ProPublica database of hate crimes and other bias incidents. BuzzFeed reviewed 400 of them, and was able to verify that 154 happened. According to BuzzFeed's descriptions of the incidents they chose to highlight, they include conduct that is probably criminal, conduct that is probably not criminal but may violate university policy, and conduct that is certainly not criminal and is likely protected by the First Amendment, which supersedes campus speech codes. They count everything from a student at the University of Colorado yelling "go back to Mexico" at a Latina professor to fliers urging students to reject "anti-white propaganda."
Buried in the second half of the article is an interesting passage:
Colleges typically responded to bias incidents quickly and to the satisfaction of their students. Most students who spoke with BuzzFeed News for this story commended their school leaders for how they handled the situations. In nearly every case, university presidents sent off mass emails condemning the hate speech and asserting that officials were making efforts to track down the culprits. But perpetrators were caught in less than 5% of cases involving vandalism or threats. At least three investigations led college officials to conclude that a racist incident was a hoax.
So perpetrators are almost never caught, and in three of the reviewed cases, the incident was a hoax. Three is not a lot, but keep in mind that only 5 percent of the 154 cases were solved in the first place, which comes out to 7.7 cases. Here's the million-dollar question: Are the three hoax incidents included in that figure? I would think they have to be, since how could the authorities know they were hoaxes unless the perpetrator was caught? Assuming that's the case—I don't know how else to make sense of BuzzFeed's counting here—then 3 out of 7 or 8 of the "solved" cases were fakes, which is a stunningly high ratio of hoaxes to actual hatred.
Perhaps it's the case that out of 154 cases, just three were hoaxes. But then I'm not sure how anyone could confidently make that assertion, since the authorities have no idea who perpetrated the incident in the overwhelming majority of incidents.
I emailed all three authors of the BuzzFeed story for clarification on these numbers. They did not respond. That's a shame: If BuzzFeed is going to run the deliberately inflammatory headline "Imagine Being Surrounded By People Who Hate You And Want To See You Dead," its writers should be able to answer questions about whether the data support this nightmarish fantasy.
All we know is that some bias incidents—like the one at American University—are true cases of racism, and that some are hoaxes. (Many others are mere accidents.) If BuzzFeed writers inadvertently figured out something useful about the relative likelihood of each, it would be kind of them to spell that out more clearly.
Seattle's offseason program is in the books and that means that over the next six weeks players will head their separate ways before returning to team headquarters in late July for the start of training camp.
What players do with those weeks away will differ, but many will take on private workouts, participate in or lead youth camps in their hometowns, or simply enjoy vacations or personal time with family and friends.
Count Cassius Marsh as one of those Seahawks taking a different approach to the start of his unofficial summer vacation. The fourth-year defensive end is headed to Nevada Friday morning to take part in Grand Prix (GP) Las Vegas, a major celebration of the Magic: The Gathering trading card game that Marsh has been playing since he was 11 years old.
“I've never been, this is my first GP,” Marsh said of the convention-style events the Magic community hosts at locations around the globe multiple times a year. "I've never really had the time to go to one and this is probably the only one that's at the right time of year for me to be able to get to. It's perfect timing.
“They said from this point right here to this point right over here is where the black folks are buried,” Mr. Ardoin recalled being told. The area was large and presumably crowded; pinpointing a grave would be impossible.
Mr. Ardoin seemed hesitant about the statue plan. “It's just something they want to do,” he said, adding that somebody would probably make money off it, and that it would not be family.
The music may be memorial enough, he said, though of course people have appropriated that, too.
Others are still not resigned to the notion that the only memorial for Amédé is an unmarked spot in a part of the state that meant nothing to him. “Those New York recordings that he did, every single cut he made up there it was some improvisation on ‘I'm so alone, I want to go home,' ” Mr. Ancelet said.
“We need to bring his spirit home.”
Mr. Bourque did not know much about Amédé until a few years ago. But the music Amédé played, known as la la, was the first he had known as a child. At night he would listen to the sounds from his uncle's little bar up the road, where white customers played cards in one room and Creoles played their music in the next. It was some of the only French he heard growing up, having been reared by parents who, like many Cajuns in the 1950s, were careful to speak only English in the home so their children could better assimilate.
Last year, Mr. Bourque published a short book of poems about Amédé, “If You Abandon Me, Comment Je Vas Faire” — in English, roughly “what will I do?” And he joined others to create what has come to be known as the Amédé Ardoin Project. In August, he helped arrange a fund-raising concert in Lafayette, inviting the Ardoins, Mr. Thibodeaux and other musicians.
Mr. Bourque and Mr. Thibodeaux, meeting for the first time at the concert, made small talk; Mr. Bourque mentioned that he, too, was a Thibodeaux. Names were compared, faces studied. Mr. Bourque spoke of his great-great-grandfather Théodule, who had at least a dozen white children, while Mr. Thibodeaux recalled his grandfather Théodule, who had four Creole children. It did not take much to learn that this was the same man, and that they, in fact, were cousins.
Through chatter at family fish fries, Mr. Bourque has since found that the family relationship was not new to the whites or the Creoles of the Thibodeaux family, some of whom lived within shouting distance of one another.
Exercise
Cooking
Life
When we were children, we can probably all remember the distinct difference between doing something out of desire and doing something because we 'had to'. Being told to clean your room was infinitely different from the spontaneous tidyings you self initiated from age four onwards. I remember I once mopped my mother's floors with a friend, at about the age of seven, and it was a fun, fond memory. Much different from the bullying, threats, pleas, and demands I received to clean my parents' home on various occasions since.To make it simple, most persons vastly prefer to do something of their own volition and with their own spin than to feel coerced into something they resent. It's human nature. We like to have self control.So when I look at the many things I have to do to maintain my body, semblance of health, lows of pain, I try my best to make it something I control, rather than dwell on the aspects of something forced upon me. And the greatest way I have found, to add in power (and a bit of excitement), is to make it more enjoyable. I like to make it fun.I have to exercise to maintain mobility, and exercise causes me pain. What a great paradox. I used to love running for miles and miles and spending hours pushing myself to the edge. But it got changed to a chore when I became ill! It no longer was something I got to enjoy doing, it became something I had to do to minimize suffering. But all of these feelings are primarily adjustments to my experience of exercise, not changes to the activity itself. So I needed to change how I saw it and felt about it.With exercise, there are two primary things I do to increase the fun and my sense of control. First, I let myself choose. Always. For my daily exercise, the movement I need to do to keep my adhesions from forming a sturdy latticework, I get to choose. Whether it be yoga, running, biking, skateboarding, dancing--whatever I choose, I get the satisfaction of selecting it. Of taking one from all the others and saying, "I'll do this today." It turns fromto do exercise toto choose my exercise. Second, I add in a bit of fun and personal flavor to give myself something to look forward to. Such as with cycling, I sometimes watch a newly rented movie on my trainer, or with dancing, I can dance to dance games on the PlayStation. Or crank up ridiculous music and 'clean dance' my apartment. It becomes an absurd, fun, chosen game.For meals, I used to feel a lot of resentment for losing gluten. For three years now, I have given up wheat. Otherwise I face bouts of Crohn's and endometriosis pain that make bread look like a bundle of cyanide. My greatest sorrow for the loss was related to my passion for baking. Prior to entering the worst throngs of endometriosis, I would bake almost weekly, putting together large frosted cakes and playing with colors, designs, and flavors. My favorite was banana chocolate. There were 'cookie weeks' where every day, I'd bake a different type of cookie. ...I went through a lot of butter and sugar (and had many willing acceptors of donations so I could protect my own waistline!). When I lost wheat, I packed up my frosting tools and cake pans and resolved I would never enjoy baking again. I felt I had lost all choice and control with the hobby.However, after a long eventually, I learned to flip this assumption on its head and make it a game. I have a challenge--to make more delicious cakes with less conventional ingredients. When I still manage to make sumptuous deserts, with flavors and textures the same or better than my prior ventures, I win. I love serving food to unsuspecting friends and then gleefully informing them it was a gluten free meal. When they assume it has wheat in it, I win. When they don't believe me when I say it's gluten free, I get bonus points. Most of the time they will not believe me. Super bonus points! Diving back into baking and cooking and frying and learning how to both overcome the missing ingredients while improving the meals, that has become another game and great challenge. I'm probably going to write my own recipe book by the time I am done!I am not trying to say that the difficulties and changes that my pain and illness has tossed into my life are welcomed editions. It's not like having a box of boggle thrown in your face and jumping up and down for joy for the game. I am just a normal person who sometimes resists improvement like a plague. But sometimes I can rise brilliantly to an occasion when the situation calls for it. Sometime we all can. And I do believe that by taking a rotten situation and turning it on its head, you can make a struggle into something exciting. Maybe even a bit fun.The adjustments I have had to make for my illness have been rough. They have also taught me to be innovative, creative, and hardworking. By refusing to be backed into a corner, and instead choosing for myself my way of coping, I have empowered myself and grown in previously impossible ways. I get to choose to make it exciting and empowering--I hope that is a choice and change that my readers make for themselves.Thanks for Reading--The BedHead
OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada on Monday denied it had tried to sway the U.S. presidential election by misrepresenting Democratic candidate Barack Obama with the suggestion that he didn't really believe his criticisms of the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Canada's Prime Minister Stephen Harper speaks during Question Period in the House of Commons on Parliament Hill in Ottawa, March 3, 2008. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
Obama and rival Hillary Clinton — who both blame the deal for job losses — say the United States could quit NAFTA unless Canada and Mexico agree to major changes.
Key Obama economic advisor Austan Goolsbee discussed his candidate's policies with the Canadian consulate in Chicago, which wrote a report suggesting Obama's words on NAFTA were designed for a political audience and shouldn't be taken too seriously.
The report was leaked to the U.S. media, prompting some Democrats to accuse Canada's right-leaning Conservative government of trying to interfere in the election — a charge dismissed by Prime Minister Stephen Harper.
“I certainly deny any allegation that this government has attempted to interfere in the American election,” he told Parliament.
“The American people will make the decision as to their next president and I am confident that whoever that person is ... (they) will continue the strong alliance, friendship and partnership that we enjoy with the United States.”
Canada sends 75 percent of its exports to the United States and would be badly hurt if Washington pulled out of NAFTA. Government and opposition officials in Canada say they don't believe the talk of withdrawal is serious.
“In the recent report produced by the consulate general in Chicago, there was no intention to convey, in any way, that Senator Obama and his campaign team were taking a different position in public from views expressed in private, including about NAFTA,” said a foreign ministry spokesman.
“We deeply regret any inference that may have been drawn to that effect.”
Political rivals in Canada regularly accuse Harper of following the policies of U.S. President George W. Bush.
Canada's opposition left-leaning New Democrats have demanded that Harper fire Chief of Staff Ian Brodie, whom they accuse of leaking the document.
“I'm a little bit amused by the question of the leader of the (New Democrats) who is suggesting that we are so all-powerful we could interfere in the American election, pick their president for them. This government doesn't claim that kind of power,” said Harper.
Detail of Bombardier's CSeries100 aircraft showing their logo and that of Air Canada seen prior to a news conference in Montreal, February 17, 2016. REUTERS/Christinne Muschi
TORONTO (Reuters) - Air Canada (AC.TO) said on Tuesday it had finalized an order to buy 45 Bombardier Inc (BBDb.TO) CSeries jets with an option to purchase another 30, a key deal for the Canadian planemaker.
The order, first announced in February, is valued at about $3.8 billion, the companies said in a statement. It would increase to $6.3 billion if the airline, Canada's largest, exercises its option to buy the 30 additional jets.
The companies said deliveries were scheduled to begin in late 2019 and extend to 2022.
The order was the first in 16 months for the CSeries aircraft, which has been plagued by delays and higher-than-expected costs, and is a major boost for Bombardier.
The planemaker last week signed a long-expected deal with Quebec for the Canadian province to invest in its CSeries jets and is also in talks with Canada's federal government over possible investment, a deal that is proving harder to pull off.
Spring Dress using a Vintage Sheet: a tutorial
In honor of the first of April – a favorite flashback post. Perhaps this will inspire you to make a new Easter dress. And because it's so quick – you can easily do it before Sunday! It's a super-quick dress-refashion using a vintage sheet from the thrift store. I've been collecting vintage sheets for a while now and what better way to use one, than for a new dress for spring!
Because we're using vintage sheets we can make this really quickly by using the finished edges of the sheet as the hems of the dress. You need to find a sheet that is long enough when folded in half horizontally to be the desired length of your dress. If it's a large sheet, cut the width of the sheet to the size you like, depending on how full you want your dress to be. I measured my wingspan from wrist to decide how wide I wanted to make my dress.
Believe it or not, this dress only requires two seams! Easy Peasy!
After you've folded your sheet in half horizontally, pin the open sides and sew them together, leaving about a 6″ opening at the top where your hands/arms will come through.
Now to make the hole for your neck, find the center of your dress by taking the sewn dress and folding in half again, this time lengthwise, so that the side seams match up. Make a neat little cut at the center point depending on how wide you want you neckline and how big your head is. I didn't even bother to stitch around the edges – just a nice raw edge to give some edginess to balance out the floral motif.
And VOILA!!! You are ready to go!
I choose this sheet in part because it already had a ruffle on one edge which makes a lovely decorative hem. As you know, ruffles are HOT right now. And this dress screams HOT doesn't it?
Throw on a belt and you've got a whole different look. So versatile! This is a Maxi dress to the Max. You could make this same dress out of a nice bright polyester or velour, wear it with some serious gold jewelry and unleash your inner- Mrs. Roper
Or just stick with the original and actually look like a walking vintage sheet itself.
People may even come up to you and ask where you got your vintage sheet so that they can copy your chic-vintage-retro-upcycled-look. Just don't tell them where you actually got it. Leave them guessing because there is getting to be a serious vintage sheet shortage out there. We don't need new band-wagon-vintage-sheet hunters coming in and diluting the available inventory, right?
I hope you enjoy this new project to add to your to-do list! Happy First of April
(APRIL FOOLS!)
Free speech advocates are crying foul over the San Francisco subway's decision to shut off cell phone service in its downtown stations to prevent a protest.
The recent action drew comparisons to when Egypt first turned off cell phone and Internet service in January to thwart political activism. That struck a nerve with Americans, who asked if such a thing could happen here.
Apparently, yes.
With undeniably bad timing, the Bay Area Rapid Transit admitted Friday to shutting off subterranean cell phone service to prevent a protest Thursday. Civil rights advocates have been critical of the move, reports The San Francisco Chronicle.
An attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation said the removal of the service to prevent political speech between protesters disregarded free speech rights. The American Civil Liberties Union also said BART may not have the right to shut off its cellular network to halt a protest.
"Once BART opens a forum for expression, their authority to close it down becomes a little more limited," said Michael Risher, a staff attorney for the ACLU of Northern California. "As far as I know, no governmental entity in this country has ever done anything like this."
BART officials said they switched off the transit system's underground cell phone network for three hours during Thursday afternoon rush hour to prevent protesters from coordinating plans to stop trains. The protesters, which had briefly shut down some stations in July, made online statements saying they planned to use mobile devices to coordinate a protest of the fatal July 3 shooting of a knife-wielding man, Charles Blair Hill, by BART police.
Even though BART owns and operates the wireless network strung through its subways and says it was only interested in keeping its platforms safe, it's coming under heavy fire from civil rights groups who question the constitutionality of the action.
BART's deputy police chief said he decided to switch off the service out of concern that protesters on station platforms could clash with commuters, create a panic and put people in the way of speeding trains or the high-voltage third rails.
You worked hard in your garden. You butchered your own meat. Then you went through the labor-intensive, time-consuming process of canning it, but how can you tell for sure that your food is safe to eat when you open it?
There are many things that can go wrong during the canning and preserving process and eating spoiled food can make you extremely sick and can even kill you. Today we're going to talk about how you can tell if your food has gone bad.
Home-canned vegetables are the most common cause of botulism, according to the CDC. That sounds like a big deal, but when you look at the numbers, it makes eating home-canned food much less scary. From 1996-2008, there were only 18 cases of botulism reported to be from home-canned foods. Still, that was only the reported cases so there were likely more than that.
Living in a place near the ocean where local seafood places regularly hand out raging cases of food poisoning, I can tell you that you DO NOT want to experience this. Even if you live through it, you'll be praying for death while experiencing it!
Now, let's talk about how you can tell if the safety of your food has been compromised.
Look at It and Smell It
If your canned food looks cloudy or slimy or it smells “off”, don't eat it.
Many people suffer under the misconceptions that boiling food kills all the bad bacteria or that bacteria can't survive without air. Unfortunately, neither is always true.
Yes, boiling kills many bacteria, and many do die without air, but there are deadly ones such as the clostridium botulinum bacteria that boiling water won't kill. You have to pressure-can low acid veggies and meat in order to kill the bad bugs. This isn't something to mess around with – it can kill you.
The Lid Bulges
If the lid of your can is bulging up, it's a pretty good sign that whatever is in it has gone bad. This is most likely due to the fact that you didn't process it properly. You probably didn't get the food hot enough to kill the bacteria in it before you sealed it up.
Though the process of canning is supposed to preserve food, most people don't realize that they can actually seal bacteria in with the food.
Release of Pressure when You Open It
There is always going to be that little sound of depressurizing when you break the seal of your canned food but if it's more than just a pop, you may have a problem. Buildup of gas inside the jar is a sign that there are anaerobic bacteria in it. This is the same thing that causes the lid to bulge.
You may also notice bubbles in the jar before you open it. Be extremely careful because all of these are signs of bacteria in your food.
Lid Can Be Pushed In and It Pops Back Up Again
If you push lightly on the lid of your jar and it pushes down, then pops back up again, your jar didn't properly seal. That means that the food has basically been sitting out for however days, weeks, months or years that it's been on the shelf.
How long would you leave food in a bowl on the table before you deemed it unsafe to eat? Not long, right? If the lid isn't sealed, pitch it.
Mold on the Lid
If you unseal your jar and see black, blue, gray, white or green mold on it, pitch it. Even if the food doesn't show any signs of mold, the fungus or bacteria is most definitely in there. This food may smell funky, too.
Foam on Top of the Food
This is another sign that anaerobic bacteria such as the kind that causes botulism is present in the food. Unless you want to end up in a world of hurt, or even dead, don't eat it.
This is especially a concern in meats and low-acid foods such as green beans, beets and corn. Again, pressure-can them.
Damage to the Container
If the jar or can appear to be cracked, damaged, bulging or misshapen or the seal is damaged, throw it away. Often after a few years, the lid of the home-canned food or the entire container of store-bought food can rust or erode to the point that it allows bacteria in. Don't risk it. You have a little more leeway with home-canned goods because you can test to see if it's still sealed but if a store-bought can is rusty, you don't really have any way to tell if it's good or not.
On another note here, don't ever buy canned goods that are damaged. Often dented cans are on sale; that's because people in the know are aware that the safety of the food may be compromised. There are also toxins in the liners of the cans that can be released when the can is bent, so that's another reason to pay full price if you're buying at the store.
If you want to save money, do it by couponing, not by buying damaged goods.
Food or Juice Is Leaking Down the Can
This actually logically applies more to store-bought canned foods than home-canned foods because you're going to see other signs such as a broken seal in home-canned foods if the food is actually leaking out of the can. Not necessarily so with store bought cans, though.
If you pick up a can and there's food on the label or the outside of the can, inspect it closely. It could be that another can broke and spilled on it, but the can itself could be leaking, too. If you can't see for sure, don't risk it.
How to Dispose of Spoiled Food
In a SHTF situation, botulism could be lethal so it's imperative that you don't let the bacteria spread. It can be absorbed through the skin as well as ingested so you need to be extremely careful with the clean-up process. Thank goodness, good old fashioned bleach will do the trick here. At a 10:1 ratio (10 parts water to 1 part bleach), you can safely assume that the bacteria is dead.
If the jar or can is still sealed, throw the entire container away. If not, dispose of the jars, food and clean-up materials using gloves so that it doesn't have contact with your skin. DO NOT put the food on your compost pile!
The botulinum toxin is exactly that: a toxin. It attacks your central nervous system and causes difficulty swallowing or speaking, facial weakness on one or both sides, dry mouth, drooping eyelids, trouble breathing, muscle weakness, blurred vision, fatigue, vomiting, paralysis and even death. It, and bacteria like it, are nothing to mess around with, especially in a SHTF situation.
Of course, the very young and very old are going to be more susceptible to major illness or death, but even a mild case can be avoided by recognizing the signs of food spoilage and cleaning the area properly.
Pay attention when you open your foods and take every precaution when you're canning. As they say, the devil is in the details!
If you have any other signs of food spoilage or advice to give about canning or preserving safely, please share your information with us in the comments section below!
This article has been written by Theresa Crouse for Survivopedia.
OTTAWA – Aid experts alarmed by Canada's new anti-abortion stand in foreign policy have received some raw political advice from a Conservative senator: “shut the f--- up” or it could get worse. “We've got five weeks or whatever left until G-8 starts. Shut the f--- up on this issue,” Conservative Senator Nancy Ruth told a group of international-development advocates who gathered on Parliament Hill on Monday to sound the alarm about Canada's hard-right stand against abortion in foreign aid.
Senator Nancy Ruth had blunt advice for international development groups upset by the Conservative government's decision not to fund abortions as part of its foreign maternal health plan: shut up, or it may get worse. ( Pawel Dwulit / Toronto Star File Photo )
“If you push it, there will be more backlash,” said Ruth, who fears that outrage will push her boss, Prime Minister Stephen Harper, to take further measures against abortion and family planning – abroad, or maybe even in Canada. “This is now a political football. This is not about women's health in this country.” Last week, Harper's government announced that it would no longer be supporting abortion as any part of its foreign-aid focus on maternal health, even though abortion is legal in Canada. It was a surprise measure from a Conservative prime minister who has so far veered his government away from any overt social conservatism and may haunt Harper into a future election campaign.
Article Continued Below
Ruth's remarks, intended more than friendly advice than a warning, were met with gasps of disbelief and even anger among the approximately 80 aid representatives who converged on Parliament Hill to condemn what they see as a gathering storm against women's rights in Canadian aid policy. Ruth explained that she attends Conservative caucus, understands the current political dynamics and is sympathetic to the cause of women upset by the anti-abortion announcement – “I just want them to be quiet for five weeks,” she told reporters. But few of the advocates appeared inclined to take her counsel. “We have shut the f--- up. That' s the issue here,” said Joanna Kerr, the newly named chief executive of Action Aid International, based in South Africa. “There's a real chill in Ottawa on speaking out,” said Betty Plewes, a development consultant and chairperson of Monday's meeting, organized around the question of “where is Canada's leadership in the promotion of gender equality and women's rights?” One international aid advocate, Lydia Alpizar Duran, from the Association of Women's Rights in Development, vowed that Canadian women would have help from other countries if they want to start making noise here.
“I don't remember any women's rights ever gained by staying silent,” she said. At Monday's meeting, Kerr laid out a variety of measures which she says point to a worrying pattern in Canada's attention to women's rights abroad.
Article Continued Below
Just days ago, for instance, a 34-year-old Canadian aid organization devoted to gender equality, Match International, was notified that its funding was being cut. Liberal foreign affairs critic Bob Rae slammed the Conservatives in the Commons on Monday for the Match cuts, asking: “Just what kind of grudge does the government have for the women's organizations around this country that are working so hard for women?” Green Party leader Elizabeth May, who was also on Parliament Hill on Monday to add her voice to the rising chorus against the anti-abortion stand in foreign policy and the cuts to Match, said: “These are very dark days for women or for any Canadian citizen who looks at our place in the world and wonders: ‘what are we saying to the rest of the world about what we care about'?” Ruth is convinced that the final communiqué of the G8 meeting in Canada in June will include a mention of this country's support for family planning, but fears that ongoing furor over abortion could harden the Conservative government's stand even more. And just as her Conservative colleagues have warned repeatedly, she said that Canada does not need a reopened abortion debate. “I hope I'm not proven wrong but I have every confidence that it (the communiqué) will include family planning,” Ruth said. “Canada is still a country with free and accessible abortion. Leave it there. Don't make it into an election issue.” Harper's announced ban on abortion in foreign-aid programs is an echo of a similar ban that former president George W. Bush also enacted during his eight years in office. But Harper and his Conservatives say they are simply following the lead of the House of Commons, where a Liberal vote to support “the full range” of family-planning options in foreign aid was defeated in March. The Liberals' status-of-women critic, Anita Neville, was in the room as well when Ruth made her comments on Monday and spoke out against any further “chill” among people inclined to be critical of Harper's decision. Neville says there's enough of that in Ottawa already. “I think women have been told too often to be quiet, be good and then you'll get what you want. I think that she was saying don't push the issue or you'll get the Prime Minister's back up even further and you won't get what you want,” Neville told reporters later. “There was a bit of a shock in the room. I don't know that there was anybody in the room that agreed with her. I think people appreciated her sentiments were well intended but not well received.”
Read more about:
Sweet Deals with MC 2
Starts: February 12th at 10AM PST (6:00 PM UTC)
Ends: February 24th at 10AM PST (6:00 PM UTC)
Starting this Friday buy MC and get an additional reward Item.
PURCHASE MC HERE! https://mwomercs.com/profile/credits
Check the schedule below to see what reward is available during each of the four phases!
Phase 1 February 12th from 10AM PST (6:00 PM UTC) until February 15th at 10AM PST (6:00 PM UTC) Phase 2 February 15th from 10AM PST (6:00 PM UTC) until February 18th at 10AM PST (6:00 PM UTC) Phase 3 February 18th from 10AM PST (6:00 PM UTC) until February 21st at 10AM PST (6:00 PM UTC) Phase 4 February 21st from 10AM PST (6:00 PM UTC) until February 24th at 10AM PST (6:00 PM UTC) Spend Get Reward Item
Reward Item
Reward Item
$99.95 USD 25,000 MC Griffin Mastery Pack Wolverine Mastery Pack Dragon Mastery Pack Thunderbolt Mastery Pack $49.95 USD 12,000 MC Spider Mastery Pack Vindicator Hero 'Mech +1 MechBay Jenner Mastery Pack 6.5 Million C-Bill Bundle $29.95 USD 6,500 MC Locust Hero 'Mech +1 MechBay Commando Hero 'Mech +1 MechBay Enforcer Champion 'Mech +1 MechBay Hunchback Champion 'Mech +1 MechBay $14.95 USD 3,000 MC 1 MechBay and an Urban Mech Warhorn 1 MechBay and a Trash Can Standing Item 1 MechBay and a Bonsai Tree Standing item 1 MechBay and a Gas Mask Standing Item $6.95 USD 1,250 1 MechBay 1 MechBay
1 MechBay
1 MechBay
Conditions
Electronic Frontiers Australia (EFA) is deeply concerned about the proposed changes to National Security legislation foreshadowed in the Discussion Paper issued this week by the Attorney-General's Department for consideration by Federal Parliament's Joint Committee on Intelligence and Security.
These proposed changes, if implemented in their entirety, would appear to amount to a massive expansion of surveillance activity across the entire community, accompanied by a corresponding reduction in accountability for that surveillance activity, and are therefore a potentially significant threat to the civil liberties and privacy of all Australians.
It is of particular concern that with such a wide-ranging and potentially significant legislative reform, the community has been given a mere four weeks in which to digest the implications of the proposed changes and to make submissions to the Joint Committee.
EFA is working with other civil liberties organisations to understand the detailed proposals contained within the discussion paper and we will be releasing our comments on what we regard as the most concerning proposals as we work through the paper. Our primary, though by no means only, concerns at this point are with the proposals relating to data retention and to the extension of surveillance powers into the social media realm.
The Discussion Paper is available here (PDF, 689KB): http://aph.gov.au/Parliamentary_Business/Committees/House_of_Representatives_Committees?url=pjcis/nsl2012/additional/discussion%20paper.pdf
Please also see our recent media appearances on this issue:
ABC News 24
Radio National Drive
The Wire (Community Radio)
Image above Copyright Commonwealth of Australia, licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Australia Licence.
President Uhuru Kenyatta vowed to crack down on terrorists, and on Thursday, he abruptly ordered 10,000 police recruits to report to duty despite a court order saying they may have been selected through corrupt practices. Human rights observers have said that Mr. Kenyatta is trying to consolidate control and using the fear of terrorism to quash civil rights.
On Thursday, panicked students streamed out of the besieged university with chilling stories of witnessing their classmates being killed. Augustine Alanga, 21, an economics student, said he had been asleep in his dormitory when the shooting began. He said he bolted from his room without stopping to put on his shoes, cutting his feet as he sprinted barefoot across the campus and into a nearby forest.
“When I looked back, I saw them,” Mr. Alanga recalled. “There were five or six of them. They were masked. And they were shooting live rounds.”
Image Students took shelter in a vehicle after gunmen attacked the Garissa University College. Credit Associated Press
The authorities said the attack began when the gunmen killed two guards standing by the main gate of the university.
Police officers nearby “heard the gunshots and responded swiftly, and engaged the gunmen in a fierce shootout; however, the attackers retreated and gained entry into the hostels,” a police statement said. “Security agencies arrived and are currently engaged in an elaborate process of flushing out the gunmen.”
The police surrounded and sealed off the campus, and by 11 a.m., three of the college's four student dormitories had been evacuated, while “the attackers have been cornered in one hostel,” the Interior Ministry said on Twitter. It was unclear whether any bystanders had been killed by the security forces.
Five years ago, teenagers Stafon Thompson and Brian Flowers were convicted in separate trials of first-degree murder in a gruesome double-slaying in south Minneapolis. Both were sentenced to life in prison without parole.
Now one local federal judge, Joan Ericksen, has declared that Flowers' sentence must be reconsidered based on a new U.S. Supreme Court decision that changed the law on juveniles sentenced to life without parole.
A second local federal judge, Patrick Schiltz, has taken an opposite view. He ruled that the high court decision applies only to new cases, and Thompson should not have his sentence reconsidered.
The conflicting rulings put Minnesota squarely in the middle of an intensifying legal fight over mandatory sentences for juvenile offenders convicted of murder.
“It is representative of the confusion we are seeing across the country,” said Marsha Levick, chief counsel of the Juvenile Law Center, a national organization based in Philadelphia.
Nine state Supreme Courts have ruled that the U.S. Supreme Court's decision to outlaw mandatory life sentences for juveniles convicted of murder must be applied retroactively, potentially altering the fate of hundreds of prisoners.
Stafon Thompson
Four state Supreme Courts, including Minnesota, said previous convictions should not be reconsidered.
The split over Thompson/Flowers has been appealed to the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. Other federal appeals courts are weighing the issue, and the debate might ultimately land at the U.S. Supreme Court.
At stake are the sentences of an estimated 2,500 U.S. prisoners who were juveniles when they were sentenced to life without parole, including eight from Minnesota.
“My lawyers have advised me to remain pessimistic about the situation,” Flowers, now 23, said in a telephone interview from Minnesota's Oak Park Heights prison. Thompson declined to be interviewed.
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2012 that mandatory life sentences for juveniles without parole are unconstitutional. Trial judges must now consider other factors, including the youth's maturity and role in the crime before deciding if life without parole is warranted.
But the court left open the question about whether convictions imposed before its ruling need to be reconsidered.
“I think that we have condemned so many children to die in prison it is troubling,” said Bryan Stevenson, an Alabama attorney who successfully argued the 2012 case before the U.S. Supreme Court.
Stevenson, who spoke at the Westminster Town Hall Forum in Minneapolis on Tuesday, said in an interview that laws that establish life sentences without parole were created for adult criminals who have no hope for change.
“But you can never say that about a child,” Stevenson said. “Every child will change biologically, physically, psychologically and to pretend they don't change is not only not scientific it is also pretty abusive in my opinion.”
Thompson, then 17, and Flowers, 16, were convicted of murdering Katricia Daniels, 35, and her 10-year-old son, Robert Shepard, in their Kingfield neighborhood duplex in 2008.
Daniels was stabbed nearly 200 times while her son died face down on a bedroom floor, both jugular veins severed. There were marks on his throat indicating he had a TV set smashed against him. The motive was unclear, and Flowers declined to discuss details.
“I'm sorry that it happened,” he said. “I wish I could go back and change a couple of things. But I can't go back. These people lost their lives … I could have changed a lot of things.”
Hennepin County Attorney Mike Freeman does not want their sentences cut short. Of the eight juveniles in Minnesota who were sentenced to life without parole, he said five were prosecuted in Hennepin County, including Thompson and Flowers.
“I have reviewed every one of the [eight] cases, and all of them are the most horrific crimes,” Freeman said. “They are really, really, ugly … We don't think any of those … should get anything other than life without parole.”
Perry Moriearty, an associate law professor at the University of Minnesota, who has joined attorney Bradford Colbert to represent Flowers, said the U.S. Supreme Court has already concluded that it is unconstitutional to execute juveniles, sentence them to life without parole for nonfatal crimes, and now, sentence them to life without parole under a mandatory statute.
“What these three cases together show is that the court has recognized that kids are different,” and should not be sentenced the same way as adults, she said. Moriearty said the high court had relied on scientific studies showing adolescent brains develop differently and are not fully developed until age 25.
Brian Flowers
“Adolescents are more susceptible to peer pressure, they are more impulsive,” she said. “ … They have less control and they cannot formulate intent to the same degree as an adult.”
If the courts get to review the Flowers and Thompson sentences, a likely issue will be Flowers' role in the murders. Freeman insists Flowers played an active part in both killings, while Flowers' attorneys say he did not.
In affirming Flowers' conviction in 2010, state Supreme Court Justice Paul Anderson, wrote, “there is much less evidence that Flowers participated in the acts of murdering Daniels and Shepard.”
Anderson concluded it was one of the most difficult cases they had faced. “Nevertheless we conclude there is sufficient evidence to support a conviction of aiding and abetting first degree murder,” he wrote.
The federal appeals decision could hinge on a technical and long debated argument. Freeman's office contends that the Supreme Court ruling on life without parole is not retroactive because the decision does not change what constitutes a criminal behavior, nor does it change the maximum penalty for the crime. It only changes whether the judge has discretion to give something less than the maximum penalty and the procedure the judge must follow.
Stevenson, the Alabama civil rights attorney who has gained national attention for his new book, “Just Mercy: A Story of Justice and Redemption,” questions why prosecutors “want to defend a sentence that the U.S. Supreme Court has said is cruel and unusual punishment.”
He said there is no harm in having a judge consider appropriate punishment. “Why is there this effort to shield some cases from scrutiny and reviewal?”
Freeman said that all murder convictions are reviewed by appeals courts.
“Citizens are paying millions of dollars for people who committed serious crimes, debating how long their sentence should be,” he said. “We can use that money for preschool, for day care, for better housing, for job opportunities.”
The appeals court will have to resolve another issue. Judge Ericksen rejected Freeman's notice of appeal of her decision on Flowers because it was filed 41 days after her ruling, 11 days after what court rules allow. She wrote that the county attorneys did not give a satisfactory reason for the delay.
The Eighth Circuit is also considering the retroactivity issue of life without parole in another Minnesota case. LaMonte Rydell Martin was 17 when he and another man killed a 19-year-old man in north Minneapolis in an execution-style slaying in 2006.
His attorney argued at sentencing that Martin had an IQ of about 77, twice had been shot in the head, and that such a sentence was unconstitutionally cruel and unusual. But the state Supreme Court ruled that it was not.
Martin appealed his sentence to the federal district court, and last year, Judge Susan Nelson rejected his claim, saying the 2012 Supreme Court decision on juveniles was not retroactive.
Newsen via NateChoa, "Honestly and speaking candidly, our digital rank isn't that great right now. But it's because we were on such a long break. I consider this album a way to help the people who forgot about us remember us again. Our fans are liking it though because it's a new concept we haven't tried and they enjoy our two title tracks."On Seolhyun, "One thing I'd like to clarify is something that has been a hot topic lately. Our Seolhyun said that she completely divides her income with everyone but when I asked her what she meant by that, I think she was too young to really understand her contract terms because it isn't true. I can't go into detail about her contract terms but I don't want any more controversy over it. We know that Seolhyun works hard for that money and it wouldn't be fair to have to divide it."1. [+714, -14] FNC's weird media play is pitting the members against each other ㅋㅋㅋ2. [+494, -26] FNC probably thought people would be like "wow! so loyal!" if they media played about Seolhyun sharing her income but all they got was a ton of criticism so they're forcing Choa to clarify3. [+442, -34] Choa fighting4. [+79, -8] But isn't it obvious that there's something fishy if Seolhyun hasn't been able to afford a house by now when she's shot so many CFs? It's either she's sharing with the members or the agency is taking most of it5. [+63, -8] I remember on 'Knowing Bros' that Seolhyun said she didn't care about dividing her income because she was happy to help her members and smiled and the other members looked really pissed about it... maybe that's why she's clarifying?6. [+58, -4] Then how come she can't afford a house yet? CF modeling makes big bucks ㅡㅡ this clarification makes even less sense ㅋㅋㅋ7. [+51, -0] Basically means the agency is taking most if then8. [+42, -4] Let's not forget that Choa was the breadwinner for AOA in the beginning...9. [+37, -3] Everything aside, their agency is the worst ㅋㅋㅋ Choa and Seolhyun are working so hard and Jimin has had some individual work done, I think it's time that they discuss their contract terms again10. [+35, -1] Their agency is so trash...11. [+24, -16] Honestly Seolhyun should keep her mouth shut because she causes misunderstandings every time she opens her mouth. No wonder the other members are always frustrated with her, she makes them into bad guys all th etime.12. [+23, -2] Why does Mina's facial expression look so surprised at her clarification though ㅋㅋㅋ13. [+22, -3] Maybe they do share Seolhyun's income but it's not divided equally between all of them?14. [+20, -0] Well you still have Sungso who's feeding 12 members all on her own right now15. [+17, -3] FNC probably forced Choa to clarify... but you have to admit that Seolhyun's pulling all the weight right now, like Suzy and miss A16. [+16, -3] I remember on 'Knowing Bros' they asked Seolhyun if she was happy and she said she was but she didn't look happy at all, nearly looked like she was about to cry17. [+15, -2] What nonsense is this? Everyone knows that groups divide income and even Seolhyun herself said that they did so who is Choa to ignore what Seolhyun said "just because she's young and doesn't know anything"?18. [+15, -4] I think it's true that they do divide income since Choa refuses to go into detail about it19. [+14, -0] Normally idol groups do divide income until their next contract renewal where they can discuss their own terms. Seolhyun may have made a lot in income but you have to consider how much the agency takes, their flop albums, and their training expenses, on top of dividing with the rest of the members...20. [+13, -1] Doesn't her clarification basically mean FNC takes everything if Seolhyun shot all those CFs and still can't afford a house and yet she doesn't share her income with the members?
House Republicans unanimously re-elected Speaker Paul Ryan Tuesday during an internal leadership election ahead of the official election held on the floor in January.
His re-election comes nearly a week after Donald Trump declared victory in the presidential election and after some speculation that Ryan, a Wisconsin Republican and 2012 vice presidential nominee, wouldn't want to hold the gavel any longer after the election, especially if he has future White House ambitions.
During the campaign, there were tense moments between Trump and Ryan. In early October, for example, Ryan announced that he would no longer campaign for or defend his party's nominee after the 2005 Access Hollywood tape surfaced showing Trump making lewd comments about women.
But after Trump's shocking win last week, Ryan celebrated and said the president-elect would lead a “unified Republican government” in which it has full control of Congress.
Democrats, on the other hand, are struggling to keep their party together and stay unified after their election losses. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-California, announced Tuesday behind closed doors that leadership elections for her caucus would be postponed until after Thanksgiving on Nov. 30. Their elections were originally scheduled for Thursday.
Ryan has served as speaker since October 2015 after House Republicans debated who should lead their conference after John Boehner's resignation from the speaker's chair and Congress.
flickr user smemon
Dear Facebook, some people have a good reason not to be found.
Ken Romano Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 13, 2013
As you've probably heard, Facebook is once again in the news for changing their privacy policies, this time removing a feature “Who can look up your timeline by name”. Usually, I'm not too upset by these privacy changes; after all, it's the user's responsibility to take control of their privacy, and when you're posting things on the Internet, you naturally need to assume not everything will be private.
This feature removal goes one step further though, in my opinion.
According to AP (disclaimer: I work for AP) the number of people currently using this feature amounts to a “single-digit percentage of the nearly 1.2 billion people on its network”. Let's assume 5% of accounts were using this feature. That's 60 million people. A small percentage, but a huge raw number equivalent to the population of Italy.
With a number like that, there are probably some pretty good reasons users wouldn't want to be found. So let's think of this in the lens of some possible user stories.
Scientists invent genetically-modified 'superspud' that could help fight hunger in the Third World
A protein-packed 'superspud' has been developed by genetic scientists who believe it could that could help solve hunger in developing countries.
Laboratory tests showed it contained up to 60 per cent more protein than ordinary non-modified potatoes.
Concentrations of several amino acids - protein building blocks - that are essential to health - were also increased significantly.
GM potatoes which are packed with protein could help combat starvation in many countries (file picture)
Researchers in India isolated the gene in the amaranth plant that produces protein - known as AmA1 - and introduced it into ordinary potatoes.
The gene is also responsible for substantial amounts of essential amino acids such as lysine and methionine, a lack of which can harm children. For example, too little lysine can affect brain development.
The research was reported today in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Scientists led by Dr Subhra Chakraborty, from the National Institute of Plant Genome Research in New Delhi, India, wrote: 'Our approach of using AmA1 to increase the nutritional quality in tuber crops, particularly in potato, has been successful.
'To our knowledge, the increase in protein content of genetically modified tubers in this study is one of the highest increases observed in any transgenic crop.'
As well as having extra protein, the GM potatoes also produced greater crop yields.
The potato is the world's leading non-cereal food crop and ranks fourth in global production for all plant foods.
Potatoes are grown in almost 125 countries and are consumed daily by more than a billion people worldwide.
However, nutrition is 'greatly compromised' in normal potatoes because of their lack of protein, said the researchers.
A typical potato has about 2g of usable protein per 100g - and 78g of water. Proteins are essential for developing the body.
They added: 'To guarantee a sufficient supply of quality protein in a diet consisting mainly of staple foods such as potato, specific interventions in genetic engineering are an absolute necessity.'
A key market for the GM potato was expected to be the developing world, where more than a billion people were chronically undernourished.
The 'superspud' also had the potential to increase the nutritional value of potato-based snacks and convenience foods, such as crisps and fries, in richer countries.
'Because potato constitutes and important part of the diet of many people in developed as well as developing countries, it is apparent that this can add value to potato-based products with enhanced benefits for better human health,' the researchers wrote.
Since AmA1 was a natural potato gene, they believed their GM strategy might prove more acceptable to the general public than others that relied on 'foreign' genetic material.
The total value of potatoes is estimated at 40 billion dollars (£25.6 billion) a year for the top 10 producing countries.
How do you prep a crocodile man and his friends for their first trip to Hollywood?
To free Suicide Squad's actors of the “actor stuff” they'd typically bring to the set, director David Ayer made them punch each other. “You learn a lot about whom a person really is when you punch them in the face,” said Ayer, an expert on wading through phoned-in “actor stuff” since directing Brad Pitt in a war movie, I'd imagine. Anyway, the stunt impressed the press. “For the cast of Suicide Squad,” a reporter from Yahoo wrote, “realism was everything.”
That doesn't mean the set was a free-for-all. After Jared Leto — affecting his best Joker — claimed he sent used condoms to his costars while filming, Ayer felt pressed to #Actually the gag in Rolling Stone. They were “removed from their packages,” the Fury director said, but not “actually used.” For his lawyers' sake, he added: “I was mortified.”
The story made the press anyway, and so did many other curated tales, of live rodents, Margot Robbie's “skwad” tattoos, Jai Courtney eating shrooms, an on-set therapist, and [shivers] Will Smith's straight-edge rap. And why not? Amidst a course correction after the so-so reception of Zack Snyder's dispiritingly dark Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, DC execs have put their backs into convincing fans they can match the charmed levity of their Marvel competitors. They've especially got their eye on that other off-canon comics property about bad-good guys, Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy. That movie was an August release, too, and the surprise hit of 2014 — hence the team effort to engineer its twisted sister, Suicide Squad, into a comparable success. And thus, the tattoos and shrooms, David Ayer screaming “Fuck Marvel!” at the movie's world premiere (and apologizing for it on Twitter), and everyone's fake-disgusted revelling in the shenanigans of Jared Leto.
Turns out they've been selling the wrong product. The tall tales from behind the scenes get me excited for Suicide Squad's “Making Of” Blu-ray featurettes and blooper reel. But little of this gleefully ridiculous nonsense characterizes the actual movie. That's odd, given the source material, an amalgam of story lines past and present that incorporates everything from a humanoid crocodile with a bayou drawl (Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje) to an ancient witch with a taste for stealing military secrets (Cara Delevingne). The crux of it all is an overstuffed tale about a crew of human and meta-human criminals enlisted by the U.S. government to carry out black ops. Their reward is a reduced prison sentence. These would-be villains, chief among them Harley Quinn (Margot Robbie) and the assassin Deadshot (Will Smith), are weaponized antiheroes. It's a delightful idea that the opening 20 minutes of mock-mythic character intros — the movie's best material by a mile — milks for more juice than it's worth. “You wanna put the heart of our national security in the hands of witches, gangbangers, and crocodiles?” a government agent asks, hinting at a more mischievous movie than this one — and at Ayer and Co.'s habit of talking too big a game.
It's no wonder there's been so much energy spent promoting the ensemble's off-camera antics. Ayer, who wrote the script, barely writes that stuff into the movie. The anarchy on set is a smoke screen, it seems, conveniently manufactured during the press tour to make up for the dour and tame final product. But what'd they think would happen when people finally saw the movie? Suicide Squad's conceit is not the difficulty of managing a crew of unpredictable lone wolves, as promised by the trailer, but rather the sentimental fact of their togetherness. Again, odd choice. These are dangerous killers held, humorously but unhappily, at the mercy of an iPhone. Their boss is agent Amanda Waller (Viola Davis), who dreamed up this nightmare consortium and can, as their maker, terminate any member of the squad with the tap of a touch screen.
Picture those constraints on the likes of Harley Quinn — a woman crazy-in-love enough to jump into a vat of acid for bae — and you've likely pictured a movie premised on the violent dysfunction of its ensemble: DisgustedViolaDavis.gif in movie form, at least half the time. But we don't see the crew fumble through the hard task of making at-odds personalities cohere, because that would require a greater sense of invention than Ayer can provide. And it'd be more fun than what he has in mind. Instead, the squad's painful backstories, emphatic emotional bulletpoints drawn from the source material, push them into a group hug that defines much of the movie. Their automatic coherence is preordained — there's no mystery or excitement, no sense of discovery. By the end, the point is overstated. “I lost one family,” says the flammable gangbanger Diablo. “I'm not gonna lose another one.” Diablo, in fact, burned his wife and kids alive in an abusive fit of rage, so “lost” is an odd way to putting it.
Will, Margot: you punched each other for this?
Sentimentality isn't a categorical flaw. But in the case of Suicide Squad, it's an easy out that speaks to the director's limited imagination: When dark, vicious comedy is out of reach, aim for the hair-triggered feels. Ayer forgets, somehow, that actors act — that movie stars are stars not because of untold tales from Will Smith's rec room, but because of what happens when the cameras are rolling. For all its cast and crew's inglorious chest-thumping, Suicide Squad is a failed, forced exercise in — of all things! you had one job! — ensemble chemistry.
Might we have seen this coming? Big ensembles are famously difficult: balancing so many emotional lives, detailing them, carving them into individuals who nonetheless make sense in sum, is not easy. That's no excuse. Hollywood's blockbuster machine has gotten plenty of practice at the ensemble game, especially lately. There would be no summer blockbuster nowadays without the heroically-sized hero cast. This includes the actual superheroes — your Avengers, your Justice League, your X-Men and Guardians of the Galaxy — and your everyday Ghostbusters, your Trekkies, your Star Wars warriors. To say nothing of the increased popularity of non-fantasy ensemble reboots like the forthcoming The Magnificent Seven and Ocean's Ocho. Even a macho libertarian like Batman no longer gets to stand alone. In retrospect, it's remarkable a chamber piece like Alfonso Cuarón's Gravity got the green light for a $100 million budget — not that it was easy!
Gravity was a fall release, however. For summer blockbusters, the declining era of the box office star brings with it an over-reliance on big casts comprised of people who, on their own, in the days of Hollywood yore, might have been enough to draw a crowd. Today's would-be box office stars, the likes of Jennifer Lawrence and Robert Downey Jr., sign onto these tentpoles long-term but too often have the breadth of their talent underserved by the material. In an ensemble movie like Steven Soderbergh's remake of Ocean's Eleven, that isn't such a bother: we're in on the joke. We don't watch that movie to see George Clooney and Brad Pitt immerse themselves in rigorous method acting. We watch to imagine actors we love getting together, as themselves, and robbing a casino.
We watch superhero movies, by contrast, to see actors we love to get a little weird and play the impossible. For all the shit we might give someone like Jared Leto for his deliberately overdoing it in Suicide Squad, playing the Joker like a neon, slick-haired Miami Vice villain, at least he tries to reinvent himself. Will Smith, on the other hand, is an algorithmic hologram of every one of his past roles. The sourest note, true to the comics but overplayed here, is the deadbeat dad routine. “My daughter is gonna know that her daddy's not a piece of shit,” he says toward the end, in a ready-made Oscar reel. Margot Robbie, meanwhile, starts the movie on a high note — airborn, in fact, writhing and twirling on ribbons like she's reenacting one of P!nk's awards show stunts. But she too overplays the familiar, laying on a Wolf of Wall Street–thick accent that devolves as she devolves from low to lower, from sex kitten to lovelorn sap.
One actor does make delightful use of her persona, walking out of every one of her scenes with the movie in her back pocket. That actor is, of course, Viola Davis, DC's answer to Samuel L. Jackson — but better. She, too, plays a backstory-lite boss who serves the movie more style and wit than it deserves. She's also, as a government agent whose motivations and methods are increasingly suspect, the best villain the movie has to offer. Notice that as she's pitching the Suicide Squad to her bosses, the gleefully violent world she describes is depicted in some of Ayer's wildest images — pink-tinged with psychotic joy. She brings out the best in him.
And in her costars. Watching her cut and chew a steak with villainous relish, you realize she's all you wanted the movie to be — all it could have been: a venomous, sensuous, dark, comedic delight. She's proof DC can make it work. Next time, though, give her her own movie.
MSNBC's Martin Bashir has kicked off a storm of controversy by saying people — like half-term Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin (R) — who invoke slavery as a comparison to modern inconveniences like the glitchy Obamacare rollout should get a first-hand lesson in the actual horrors and everyday cruelties of slavery.
Bashir was incensed at remarks Palin made last Saturday while promoting her book Good Tidings and Great Joy: Protecting the Heart of Christmas at the annual Iowa Faith and Freedom Conference.
Palin was grousing to the assembled conservative throng about supposed freeloaders who want the government to give them “free stuff” in the form of health care and public assistance.
“Our free stuff today is being paid for today by taking money from our children and borrowing money from China,” she said. “When that note comes due — and this isn't racist so try it anyway, this isn't racist — but it's going to be like slavery when that note is due, right? We are going to be beholden to a foreign master.”
Bashir and many others were appalled, but not especially shocked that Palin would evoke one of the cruelest and most horrifying chapters of western history in such a flippant manner.
“Given her well-established reputation as a world class idiot,” Bashir said, “it's hardly surprising that she should choose to mention slavery in a way that is abominable to anyone who knows anything about its barbaric history.”
Perhaps, he said, Palin should try to find out what slavery was really like.
Specifically, he speculated that perhaps the failed vice presidential candidate and 1984 Miss Alaska runner-up should be subject to a form of abuse that involved defecation into a slave's mouth, a punishment ritual derived by West Indian slaver Thomas Thistlewood, an Englishman who owned a massive sugar plantation in Jamaica.
Thistlewood conceived a particularly sickening punishment for a slave named Darby, who was caught eating the sugar cane he was supposed to be harvesting.
The plantation-owner “had him well flogged and pickled” — which is to say that Darby was whipped and then salt and other irritants were rubbed into his whip cuts — “then made Hector, another slave, s-h-i-t in his mouth.”
“This became known as ‘Darby's Dose,'” Bashir said, “a punishment invented by Thistlewood that spoke only of inhumanity. And he mentions a similar incident in 1756, his time in relation to a man he refers to as Punch. ‘Flogged punch well, and then washed and rubbed salt pickle, lime juice and bird pepper, made Negro Joe p*ss in his eyes and mouth.'”
“I could go on, but you get the point,” Bashir said. “When Mrs. Palin invokes slavery, she doesn't just prove her rank ignorance. She confirms if anyone truly qualified for a dose of discipline from Thomas Thistlewood, she would be the outstanding candidate.”
Many on the right are furious and say that with these remarks, Bashir has stepped over the line. What do you readers think?
Watch the video, embedded below via MSNBC:
Protesters gather to oppose Trump's executive order against immigrants from seven muslim-majority countries at New York's John F. Kennedy airport on Jan. 28. Lisa Larson-Walker
In the days after Donald Trump signed his executive order on immigration, it became clear that Customs and Border Protection officers were not all complying with court decisions limiting the order's application. How lawless were the actions of these CBP officers? A new complaint, compiled by the Center for Constitutional Rights and the Kathryn O. Greenberg Immigration Justice Clinic at Cardozo School of Law, provides a disturbing answer.
The complaint, which was sent to the inspector general of the Department of Homeland Security, contains 26 declarations and affidavits from immigrants and the attorneys who tried to represent them. Their stories range from disconcerting to shocking. According to these testimonials, CBP officers violated immigrants' rights, contravened multiple court orders, and acted with reckless disregard to the law. The declarations and affidavits allege that elderly immigrants were denied access to food, that lawful immigrants were forced to sign forms they didn't understand, and that infants were held for no reason. Multiple people were allegedly deported after judges had forbidden such deportations, and others were allegedly denied access to counsel after judges had required that such access be granted.
Here are summaries of some of the most striking allegations from these declarations and affidavits. You can read the entire complaint here.
Suha Amin Abdullah Abushamma, a Sudanese doctor who was returning from a brief trip to Saudi Arabia to visit her family, says she was detained at John F. Kennedy International Airport for more than 10 hours. Upon her arrival at JFK, Abushamma said, “CBP agents confiscated my passport and threatened to take away my phone. I was not told why my passport was being held and I received no information about how long I would be detained.” She says she “[was] never permitted to speak on the phone with my lawyers while in CBP custody despite my initial and subsequent requests to do so. … [CBP] Agent Lam told me that the only way I was going to leave detention was if I signed a form to return to Saudi Arabia—the country I had flown in from. He showed me a document and told me that I should sign it. I was not allowed to call my lawyer or ask questions about what was in the document.”
“I again told Agent Lam and his supervisor that there were attorneys who were working on my behalf,” Abushamma continued. “I repeatedly begged Agent Lam and his supervisor to give me more time. Agent Lam's supervisor then told me that an order that would allow me to stay in the United States would need to come from the Supreme Court, and that this would not happen. They told me that my lawyers could not do anything to help me in my situation and so I should just sign the form.”
According to Abushamma, the CBP agent also said that “if I did not sign the form right away, it would mean that I had chosen to be forcibly removed from the United States, and that I would be forced onto the plane anyway, but would then be banned from the United States for five years. … I was so scared. Without being allowed to speak to my attorney on the phone despite my repeated requests, and because of all the negative consequences that Agent Lam had told me would occur if I did not sign the form, and feeling like I had no choice, I signed the form.”
Abushamma says she was given food, and permission to call her family, only after she signed the form. She was subsequently deported to Saudi Arabia.
Protesters at New York's JFK airport, Jan. 28. Lisa Larson-Walker
An Iranian citizen with a family-based immigrant visa, whose son is a U.S. citizen, says he was detained at Los Angeles International Airport for 18 hours. According to his niece, he was not given food or a place to sleep during this entire period. He was asked to sign a document written in English—a language he does not understand—and told that the document said he was leaving the United States voluntarily. He refused to sign it but was then told he had to. He also refused to get on a plane to Dubai; U.S. officials had to physically carry him on. He is now terrified of being returned to Iran for fear of government retaliation.
After a federal judge ordered CBP to let detainees at Washington Dulles International Airport speak to lawyers, attorney Ofelia Lee Calderón attempted to speak to two lawful permanent resident clients who were stranded at the airport. She says that a CBP agent told her there was no right to counsel in the airport and asked Calderón to leave. When she returned later, another officer refused to give her any information about her clients. She eventually learned that her clients had been detained and handcuffed by CBP, forced to sign forms relinquishing their lawful permanent resident status, and sent to Ethiopia. At no point were they allowed access to counsel.
At Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, CBP officers reportedly detained an elderly Sudanese woman suffering from diabetes, high blood pressure, and severe kidney stones. They refused to provide her attorney or her family with any information on her health, status, or whereabouts. Her attorney later learned that CBP officers had demanded that his client sign a form withdrawing her request for admission into the United States—or be barred from entering the country for five years. She signed the form.
Also at DFW, CBP agents allegedly detained a lawful permanent resident along with her 11-month-old daughter, a U.S. citizen. They refused to let attorneys speak with the mother. When the child's father came to the CBP office, agents refused to let him see his daughter.
CBP officers at Los Angeles International Airport allegedly deported an Iranian student 90 minutes after a federal judge explicitly barred the deportation of anyone targeted by Trump's order. They ignored efforts by attorneys to halt the deportation.
CBP officers at San Francisco International Airport allegedly detained an elderly Iranian couple with valid visitor visas for 30 hours. Nineteen of those hours came after a federal judge halted deportations under Trump's order. One officer informed the couple's attorney that they might soon be deported. When the attorney explained that this action would violate a federal court order, the officer responded that he was “just following orders.”
An elderly Iranian couple—both of whom were lawful permanent residents—say they were detained for 10 hours at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport after returning from their son's wedding in Iran. The two were denied access to food for the length of their detention. Another elderly person being detained along with the couple was shaking from hunger and nearly passed out. CBP officers refused to inform the couple's immediate family whether the couple had been allowed to take necessary medications.
At Dulles, attorneys say they repeatedly approached CBP officers with a paper copy of the federal court order requiring that they be allowed to speak to their detained clients. Officers continued to refuse access “on CBP orders.”
The complaint contains 17 other stories of abuse at the hands of CBP agents. Some of the actions described in these declarations and affidavits are legally questionable; others are plainly unlawful. The complaint requests that CBP “end its policy of preventing individuals detained in airports from accessing counsel.” That would be an excellent start. But it is equally important that the courts make CBP officers aware that, no matter how much power the president purports to give them, they have no authority to defy the commands of the courts.
Courtesy of C-SPAN The second debate between Republican Scott Brown and Democrat Elizabeth Warren in the Massachusetts Senate race got a bit testy Monday night, as Brown charged Warren with treating him like one of her students in a particularly edgy exchange.
The candidates were debating bipartisanship in Congress when Warren, a Harvard Law School professor, began to interrupt.
"Excuse me. I'm not a student in your classroom," a clearly peeved Brown said. "Please let me respond."
A stunned crowd gave a prolonged, "Oooooooooh," at Brown's statement.
Later in the debate, moderator David Gregory asked each candidate to name one good thing about the other. Brown, who has taken to referring to Warren as "Professor," praised her work.
"She's such a good professor," Brown said. "So I'm going to do everything in my power that she continues to be in that position."
Here's video, via BuzzFeed:
What happens when you cross the human genome with clever algorithms and some enormous freaking laser beams?
A collaboration between the industrious burners of Ooligan Alley, the International Arts Megacrew, and the Rothberg Institute for Childhood Diseases, made the world's first public genome broadcast via laser at Burning Man 2013.
Dr Jonathan Rothberg (inventor of high-speed genome sequencing) and Dr Charles Townes (inventor of the laser and Nobel Prize winner) were the first people to have their genomes broadcast via laser.
This happened thanks also to the founding supporters of our crowd-funding campaign.
All of the software created for the project is open source and freely available on Github.
Genome Laser is proud to have featured in WIRED and Huffington Post!
)'(
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License
Just look at this beautiful chocolate brown color from the mushrooms, leek and beets – oh yeah! … here comes my new cream into your house. You're gonna lick it off the bowl – tasty, earthy, satisfying!
Every year around this time, I find myself reflecting on the things I have accomplished and the many more goals that I still have in my heart.
So among a few things, I realized that I also needed to perfect the classic mushroom soup. Don't get me wrong, I like mushrooms to that extreme that, if I ran out, the next day I would go grocery shopping. However, the classic mushroom soup has been always a bit too heavy for me mainly because it's typically made with heavy cream.
I was looking for a lighter version, yet delicious and satisfying. With that in mind, I decided the other day to go to the market.
Ok, ok, now I am here. What do I buy to get the best out of it?! I didn't have a clue yet. Walking around the isles, I first noticed the leek. I grabbed a few and kept walking. And then something caught my attention … it was the reddish color from the red beets. Suddenly, I figured out what I was looking for.
Beetroot, or more simply the red beet, is not only great for making muscles work hard due to their content of proteins, but they are a unique source of phytonutrients that provide antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and detoxification support. The beets are also your liver's best friend, especially in those moments when you are stressed.
If you decide to go for the canned ones, make sure you buy the low-in-salt brands and rinse the beets very well to keep the sodium level as low as possible.
Bon! I had mushrooms, leek and red beets. What about a little bit of ginger, just so to jazz up the lightly sweet, deep flavor from the beets.
So, I've got the flavor department pretty much covered. But what about the texture? Well, the leek thickens it nicely but still I needed something to take the place of the usual cream. As you know, I am a big fan of Greek Yoghurt for many reasons, from it's health benefits to it's creamy texture and it's yummy, slightly tart taste. So it was a no brainier for me to try to use yoghurt in this recipe, which highlights its creamy texture and makes it slightly smoother.
I just love the intensely earthy flavors in this smooth mushrooms, leek and beet creamy soup recipe – now that's what I'm calling a classic!
The pinch of red Cayenne pepper really makes the flavours pop and gives you a nice, warm zing with every spoonful.
5.0 from 1 reviews Print Mushroom, Leek and Beet Soup Author: Cook it fit Prep time: 3 mins Cook time: 30 mins Total time: 33 mins Serves: 4 Ingredients - 400 g mixed mushrooms
- 2 large red beets, trimmed
- 1 onion, peeled and finely sliced
- 2 cloves garlic, peeled and sliced
- 1 leek (white and light green parts only), halved lengthwise
- a bit of fresh ginger, peeled and thinly chopped
- 1 pinch cayenne pepper
- 4 tbsp Greek yoghurt
- 1tbsp extra-virgin olive oil
- salt and pepper to taste Instructions First off, trim the red beet stems and green leaves and wash them. Then cut off the dark green top and the roots of the fresh leeks and remove the outer leave and wash them very well. Do the same thing with mushrooms. In a medium saucepan add olive oil - preferably unfiltered, if you can find it - over medium-low heat. Add the onion, leeks, mushrooms and cayenne pepper, stirring occasionally, until they soften and become lightly golden, around 2 to 3 minutes. Then add 2 cups of still water, lower the heat and let them simmer, partially covered, for about 30 minutes or until the red beets are tender as they need more time than the rest of the veggies. Once the veggies are tender, process/blend the soup - add a bit of ginger and yoghurt with every batch, until smooth. Then return the soup to the saucepan over low heat for a couple of minutes (about 3 minutes) or until heated through. Season with salt and pepper. Serve it in bowls, top with a splash of yoghurt and extra sautéd mushrooms and thin toasted slices of pumpkinseed bread for a crunchy taste. Et Voilà, such a healthy bite! Notes MAKE IT VEGAN: Skip the Greek yoghurt and use almond/coconut milk instead. I haven't tried it with milk, but I guess it should work very well. If you do, please let me know how it turned out!
Get creative, use the ingredients you have at hand but make sure you "cook it fit". Wordpress Recipe Plugin by EasyRecipe 3.2.2885
Hello Benny, it's been awhile since we've seen you last compete. What have you been up to?
Hi, I have mainly been relaxing for the last two months because our team was unable to practice due to everybody having to take care of their own real life responsibilities. Despite all of this leisure time, I have been playing solo queue to make sure I do not lose my mechanics. I have also been watching streams of the challenger scene tournaments in both North America and Europe as well as a bit of OGN to make sure I do not fall behind the current meta.
Last time we saw you compete was at Season 3 worlds. Although you were unable to get out of group stages what were you able to take away after 8 games in groups? Was this a good learning experience?
Playing in the group stages was definitely a great learning experience for myself and the team. It was an honor to play against the international teams that I enjoy watching and respect so much. It is hard to pinpoint a single “thing” that I took away from being able to play in group stages because the entire experience was amazing. Sure we were unable to advance into the semi finals, but just being there competing with everybody else and dominating the early-mid games against the world's top teams is something we can be proud of. Our biggest obstacle is still learning how to end games and not get too carried away with our leads.
Some say NA had a disappointing run at worlds. What do you think needs to be done so that NA can take games off the top teams in other regions? Are we on track to do it in season 4?
I do not think that NA had the most disappointing run at worlds. Not to sound cocky, but I think that despite our throws, we had the best showing out of the three North American teams that went to worlds. Like I said earlier, our early-mid game proved to be ridiculously strong when we are playing our best. C9 may have gotten absolutely crushed in the two games that they lost to Fanatic, but they looked really strong in the game that they won. TSM also did not go down without a fight in their group either. With all of this being said, overall I would say that NA has to learn to play consistently at their “A game” just as the top teams from the other regions have done.
Since Worlds the meta has seen a drastic shift with the induction of patch 3.14. Based on your experiences with the patch, what are your thoughts on it?
Although my teammates are not too happy about the current patch, I'm okay with it. Why? Well for starters, the popular top lane champions are now all tanks, which is a role that I am very comfortable playing. People are scared of supports being super strong now, but since I am going to be primarily playing tanks, I could care less. Come at be, bros.
With the addition to the trinket system in patch 3.14 many top laners have been undecided on which trinket to take. Some will take the warding totem while others will take the sweeper. What is your personal preference and what circumstances are one more optimal over the other?
With my playstyle, I would much rather buy the warding totem over the sweeper. I play with more of a safe and defensive style, so any added vision is great for me. However, when the game progresses and you want to roam more, switching the warding totem out for a sweeper would not be a bad idea at all.
Lately in OGN and the NA/EU Challenger Scene the most popular top lane champions have been Shyvanna, Rengar, Renekton, Olaf and Dr. Mundo. What are your thoughts on these champions and what makes them strong in your mind?
What makes these champions strong at the moment is the changes to the mastery tree. For example, last patch people would build Renekton with either a 21/9/0 or a 9/21/0 setup, or a mixture between the two. Now it will almost always be 9/21 because the defense tree is so much better for a tankier champion. In the old tree, you could get away with 9 points into the defense tree and you'd still get armor/magic resistance and health. With this new tree, you will be much squishier if you were to invest 21 points into offense because the first 9 pts in the defense tree does not offer you nearly as much as it did before.
Are there any other top lane champions that you believe to be strong that hasn't seen much play lately? Why?
Although I have not tested him out yet, I believe Cho'Gath is really strong right now. Just based off of theorycrafting, I think everything that Cho's kit is perfect for the current meta.
Last season Shen was one of your most played champions but lately he hasn't seen much action in competitive play. What are your thoughts on the current state of Shen? What do you think needs to happen for us to see Shen come back to competitive play?
To be honest, even though Shen was one of my most played champions, I never really liked the champion. I only learned him because he was arguably the strongest top laner in the game when played correctly. However, I still believe that he is viable right now and can compete with the other popular picks. I think people are just more focused on trying out different tops due to the new masteries and seeing what works well.
The NA challenger scene has drastically improved over the last few months. What are your thoughts on this? Does an improved challenger scene help the LCS?
The progress that the NA challenger scene has made in these recent months is definitely a good thing for the region as a whole for a variety of reasons. LCS teams who is a scrim challenger teams can improve more simply because their practice partners are getting better. It also promotes more competition going into the relegation matches. If a challenger scene knocks out a current LCS team, not only do they deserve to be there, but it also brings more competition into the LCS as well.
Has there been any teams or players that has impressed you so far? Why?
Out of all of the teams, I would say that I am impressed by Gambit Gaming the most, but to say this would be more of an insult to them. They are a team that I have respected since their debut as Moscow 5 and I am always excited to watch them play because they play as a single cohesive unit.
At the Battle of the Atlantic you will be facing a familiar foe in Gambit Gaming. Last time the two of you met was during the group stages at Season 3 Worlds where they managed to 2-0 you. They are also coming off an impressive performance at IEM Cologne where they didn't drop a game. What are thoughts on the match up between the two of you? How do you think you will fare against them this time?
I do not want to sound pessimistic, but I would say that this matchup leans a bit more towards their favor. They have been practicing and competing while we have been on break. Nonetheless, I look forward to these games and we promise to make these games exciting for the fans.
How do you think the other NA teams stack up? Do you have any predictions?
I do not want to count any of the teams out, but I think that the overall score will either be 3:2 or 2:3. It is hard to predict the outcomes because it has been a while since we have last seen these teams play.
In the past XDG has struggled to close out games. Is this due to a lack communication, poor decision making or is it something else? Do you believe that you have fixed the problem?
The main reason for us throwing games was not because of a lack of communication, but it was poor decision making. This stems mostly from us not having a designated shotcaller. That has always been one of our bigger problems, so what we would do instead is have collective shotcalling where each member contributes in whatever what they can. This may not be the most efficient method, but it has worked for us in the past. I cannot say that we have fixed the problem yet because we have barely started practicing again, so we will see once LCS starts up.
What are your own personal goals for Season 4 and what are your goals for XDG?
Out of the rest of the top laners in the NA LCS, I feel like my csing is subpar, so racking up really high cs while still doing my job on Summoner's Rift would be my main goal. Another goal that I have would be to stay on top of the KDA ladder like I did in the previous split. As a team, we plan to take the #1 spot and go to worlds again.
Thank you for the interview, is there anything you would like to say to your fans and sponsors?
First off, huge shoutout to all of the fans out there whether you are recent XDG fans or if you have been following us since we were Vulcun in the first split. Your support has helped bring our team to where it is today. Not only that, but you are also the reason why esports is where it is today. I would also like to give a shoutout to my amazing girlfriend, Sarah, to my very supportive family, and then to Marshall, Julian, Ken, Christina and the rest of the XDG Staff. Thanks to all of our sponsors as well (if they are reading this!) for all that they have done – Techbargains, Razer, iBUYPOWER, and LoL-Class.
I don't know who's idea this was, but I don't think they thought it through very well.
I ordered one of these for my cat, Mr. Razzles, and it took me forever to get it on his head - I don't know what the makers were thinking, but it's waaaay too big for the average housecat.
Finally - after quite a struggle - I got it on and proceeded to throw Mr. Razzles into the pool. Well he absolutely FREAKED OUT! He thrashed around in the water for a minute or so before wriggling out of the pussy snorkel and then swam right for the side of the pool and climbed out before I could even get in the water with him to enjoy a nice swim.
When I tried to put it back on him, he started hissing and biting and bolted out of the backyard back into the house, where he hid under the credenza for THREE DAYS before my husband finally lured him out with some tuna...
He's been traumatized and distrustful ever since! I don't recommend this for cat owners or pet lovers - it's just a bad idea all around!
Google constantly tweaks how its search engine delivers results to people, but it's rolling out a major new change next week: it'll start generally downranking sites that receive a high volume of copyright infringement notices from copyright holders. Google says the move is designed to "help users find legitimate, quality sources of content more easily" — meaning that it's trying to direct people who search for movies, TV shows, and music to sites like Hulu and Spotify, not torrent sites or data lockers like the infamous MegaUpload. It's a clear concession to the movie and music industries, who have long complained that Google facilitates piracy — and Google needs to curry favor with media companies as it tries to build an ecosystem around Google Play.
Google says it feels confident making the change because because its existing copyright infringement reporting system generates a massive amount of data about which sites are most frequently reported — the company received and processed over 4.3 million URL removal requests in the past 30 days alone, more than all of 2009 combined. Importantly, Google says the search tweaks will not remove sites from search results entirely, just rank them lower in listings. Removal of a listing will still require a formal request under the existing copyright infringement reporting system — and Google is quick to point out that those unfairly targeted can still file counter-notices to get their content reinstated into search listings.
"Google cannot determine whether a particular webpage does or does not violate copyright law."
Of course, Google's existing copyright system has long had its critics, who claim the system disproportionally favors big companies who abuse it to block legitimate speech. Allowing past abuse to affect future search results is far from ideal, but Google isn't planning to make judgement calls. "Only copyright holders know if something is authorized, and only courts can decide if a copyright has been infringed; Google cannot determine whether a particular webpage does or does not violate copyright law." What Google can do is remain transparent about copyright removals — in May the company began reporting all listing removal requests it's received in the past 30 days, which companies have complained, and which sites they target. The most-targeted domains? filestube.com, downloads.nl, isohunt.com, and torrenthound.com. We'll have to see where they land on search results when Google flips the switch on the new rankings next week.
Prior to playing hockey in the NCAA, many players have the opportunity to wear a visor while playing juniors. Many players go from a league like the USHL to play for top teams in the NCAA. In making that jump from juniors to college hockey, many players go from wearing a half shield to wearing a full face cage. If players don't go the college route, they usually play Canadian juniors. In the CHL, players are permitted to wear half shields. It is time for the NCAA to change to visors.
Need for Change: Time for the NCAA to Change to Visors
Although full face cages do offer more protection than a half shield, most players, if not all, would prefer to wear a shield as opposed to a cage. Many players in the NCAA wear the full face visor, or as players call it “a bubble.” It allows players to see the ice better than they would while wearing a cage. Many players after coming to juniors are used to nothing being in the way of their eyes when looking down at the puck because they are used to wearing a half shield.
One of the biggest arguments is that wearing a visor creates a risk of more facial injuries. Many players and coaches would argue that being permitted to wear a visor would encourage players to play smarter. Meaning they would have to keep their sticks down and be aware of where other players are. Some would argue that it could prepare them for the next level, where they can wear a visor as opposed to a cage.
NCAA players would argue that players in the CHL and juniors are the same age and are permitted to wear visors. Jess Myers interviewed Derek Stepan in an article on USAHockey.com in 2012 when Stepan was a in his first few years in the NHL and said: “I wear a half shield now,” said Stepan, who played two seasons at the University of Wisconsin. “Guys our age in the Canadian Hockey League are wearing half shields, so I don't see why the college teams can't do it.”
The NCAA has come close to allowing their players to wear visors a few times. Every time there is a meeting regarding rule changes, the question comes up. Should players be permitted to wear the half shield? When players go to play for their country in the World Juniors they are permitted to wear a visor instead of a cage. The NCAA is one of the only leagues that doesn't allow players to wear a visor at that age. Players are in the age range of 18 to 25 years old when playing in college, at that age they are well above the age limit for CHL and USHL to wear a visor.
Obviously player safety is the number one concern when it comes to allowing players to wear a visor instead of a cage in the NCAA. With the leagues all around the world allowing players to begin wearing a visor at the age of 18, it is time for the NCAA to change to visors. It would encourage players to play safer, be more aware on the ice and keep their sticks on the ice more often. Players going from leagues that allow them to wear visors then back to wearing a cage makes no sense. It is time for change in the NCAA.
Main Photo:
Image caption An x-ray scan of a solitary hydroid, similar to a sea anemone
Scientists believe they have made a remarkable discovery of fossils said to be more than 450 million years old in a disused Powys quarry.
They think they are of a kind never before discovered.
The well-preserved organisms from the Ordovician period, which began about 495m years ago, lived in what is now the town of Llandrindod Wells, which was partially underwater.
Scientists believe they shed new light on how ocean communities have evolved.
The fossils include a variety of creatures from sponges and worms to nautiloids, which are similar to a squid with a shell.
They were found by palaeontologists Dr Joe Botting, Dr Lucy Muir and Talfan Barnie in 2004 and were revealed using X-ray scanning.
However, details of the significance of the find have only recently been published.
Dr Muir, a researcher at the Nanjing Institute of Geology and Palaeontology in China, said the discovery provided a picture of a fossil community that was entirely new and surprising.
They were found in Llanfawr quarry, an area well-known for its fossils, "but somehow the important fossils had been missed", she said.
It was one of the most astonishing fossils ever found in Wales Dr Lucy Muir, Palaeontologist
The creatures' images are said to be 460m years old and from the part of geological time known as the Ordovician Period.
"There was an ocean between Scotland and England/Wales, and Wales was much further south than it is now," said Dr Muir.
"The area around Llandrindod was part of a chain of volcanic islands during the Ordovician Period, a little bit like Indonesia today.
"As the island grew and was eroded, a lot of sediment [sand, silt and mud] was washed into the sea. This sediment buried animal remains quickly, and in some cases buried them alive, so they didn't fall apart or get eaten."
Dr Muir said a variety of animal fossils were found, including sponges, worms, solitary hydroids which are related to sea anemones and are also known as the flowers of the sea, and nautiloids.
Image caption This is a picture of a nautiloid, which is similar to a squid with a shell
"Joe had been studying sponges from a particular quarry, and we went there to find some more," she said.
"We looked at part of the exposed rock that we hadn't found much in before. Talfan hammered part of the quarry wall, and said, 'Is this interesting?'
"It was one of the most astonishing fossils ever found in Wales. We took some slabs of rock back to the Natural History Museum, and one of my colleagues suggested X-raying them.
"On the very first slab we found a spectacular hydroid that we hadn't even suspected was there because it is entirely enclosed within the rock."
The new fauna gives us a picture of a fossil community that not only is entirely new, but is also surprising Dr Lucy Muir
Later Dr Mark Sutton of Imperial College, London, who has helped to write the paper about the find, used a CT scanner to see the fossils in three dimensions.
Dr Muir called the discovery unique.
"Although there are a handful of sites around the world that preserve extremely delicate and soft animals in a similar way, none of them have preserved this type of ecosystem," she said.
"In particular, solitary hydroids are almost unknown in the fossil record, because they are so delicate.
"The new fauna gives us a picture of a fossil community that not only is entirely new, but is also surprising. It resembles to some extent some of the modern communities found in the very deep sea."
'Diverse and complicated'
The fossils have been given to the Natural History Museum in London, where they will remain.
"It's not a discovery that you can point to and say: 'This proves such-and-such,'" said Dr Muir.
"Rather, it's a question of adding a large new chunk of knowledge, and in turn suggesting that there are many more chunks left to find.
"This type of ecological community type was simply unknown from rocks this old, and for it to suddenly appear makes palaeontologists wonder what else they've been missing.
"It shows us that Ordovician ecosystems were even more diverse and complicated than we imagined."
The most important wilderness survival skills everyone should know. It doesn't get more essential than this. These 6 survival skills tackle your need for fire, shelter, water, signalling, navigation, and having a good attitude.
One Match Fire
Start a one match fire in difficult weather conditions and using only natural tinder, kindling, and fuel. Many people, especially adults will think that they own this skill. But the majority of people would fail at this task. No, you can't cheat and use stormproof matches. The secret is preparation, having all the materials ready next to you, and progressing gradually from small tinder to kindling and fuel.
The reason why this survival skill is so important is that in a survival situation, one might experience difficult weather conditions, on top of added challenges like fatigue, injury, and darkness. If you are able to start and build a fire with just one match, then you are better prepared to start a fire in a survival situation.
If you want to learn a primitive technique for starting a fire by friction I suggest you learn how to make a bow drill fire, but this is definitely not a basic survival skill.
Lean-To Shelter with No Tools
Building a lean-to using only natural materials (no cordage, wire, or cutting tools). Building a lean-to is a fun and easy to learn survival skill. The lean-to is a great shelter because it is relatively easy to build, it provides some shelter from rain and snow, and works in conjunction with a fire. It is relatively safe and requires no tools to make. For very cold nights having a fire as part of your shelter is a must, unless you are wearing super warm clothes, or have a great sleeping bag.
Sometimes wilderness survival students don't grasp right away that a shelter won't warm you up. You are warming up the shelter. Unless you build an extremely well done debris shelter that fits you snuggly like a sleeping bag, it won't warm you up. It will provide some protection from precipitation and wind, but you are the sole source of heat. That's why fire is your best friend. If you learn only one type of survival shelter, the lean-to should be it.
Obtaining Water
One of the most important survival skills is the ability to obtain water in your own region.
Hot climates: You should know how to make a transpiration bag.
As well as how to find water in a dry river bed
Coastal areas: A solar still works better when used to distill salt water.
Cold climates: Melting snow using a container and clothes or a snow marshmallow.
Signal Fire
When you don't have signalling tools like a signal mirror or plb, the signal fire is your best bet.
Direction Finding with a Shadow Stick
The shadow stick is a very simple way of finding the cardinal points when you have no compass. Although it's not completely accurate.
Box Breathing
I believe every human being should know and use this technique. Your attitude or mindset is your greatest survival asset and survival skill. Box breathing is a great way of maintaining a positive attitude. It is very important to calm yourself in a survival situation to be able to think clearly.
Survival Skills Wrap Up
These are the basic survival skills that every wilderness survival course should teach, and that anyone venturing outdoors should know.
CALGARY, AB -- Calgary Flames 2011 fourth round pick Johnny Gaudreau had an excellent week, potting two goals and five points in a pair of games.
The 20-year-old was also named the Three Rivers Classic MVP on Dec. 28.
Through 18 games, Gaudreau has amassed 33 points, leading Hockey East in scoring. He also leads Hockey East with 15 goals scored and a 1.83 points-per-game average.
He has also broken his old point streak of 12 games he posted last season, spanning from Oct. 13 to Nov. 30, 2012, and has now scored at least one point in his last 13 games. Gaudreau's current point streak commenced on Nov. 1, 2013, and he has scored 25 points during that time, with 12 goals and 13 assists.
See how Flames prospects in the WHL, QMJHL, NCAA and MHL are doing this year in our weekly update.
Eric Roy skated in two games this past week, collecting three assists in Brandon's 8-0 drubbing of Regina on Dec. 27. He was selected by the Flames in the fifth round (135th overall) in the 2013 NHL Draft.
POSITION TEAM LEAGUE GP G A PTS PIM +/- Defence Brandon Wheat Kings WHL 32 4 19 23 30 -8
Morgan Klimchuk is sidelined with a lower body injury and has not played since Nov. 23. He is, however, close to returning to action. The Calgary native recently signed a three-year entry level with the Flames.
POSITION TEAM LEAGUE GP G A PTS PIM +/- Left Wing Regina Pats WHL 26 12 17 29 9 9
Coda Gordon has not played in a few weeks but remains in the top five in team scoring with 33 points. Gordon was the Flames sixth round pick in the 2012 NHL Draft.
POSITION TEAM LEAGUE GP G A PTS PIM +/- Left Wing Swift Current Broncos WHL 27 13 20 33 6 15
Keegan Kanzig's plus-19 is tied for the lead amongst Royals skaters. The Flames signed Kanzig to a three-year entry level deal earlier this month. The defenceman was drafted in third round of the 2013 NHL Draft.
POSITION TEAM LEAGUE GP G A PTS PIM +/- Defence Victoria Royals WHL 32 2 2 4 57 19
Brett Kulak notched two assists in a pair of games this past week. Kulak is second in team scoring, trailing Carter Popoff by four points. He was the Flames fourth round pick in 2012.
POSITION TEAM LEAGUE GP G A PTS PIM +/- Defence Vancouver Giants WHL 39 13 25 38 35 -2
Emile Poirier recorded a hat trick last week, pushing the Olympiques to a 4-2 win over Blainville-Boisbriand on Dec. 28. The Flames selected Poirier 22nd overall in the 2013 NHL Draft.
POSITION TEAM LEAGUE GP G A PTS PIM +/- Left Wing Gatineau Olympiques QMJHL 36 24 29 53 89 18
Ryan Culkin recorded assists in both games he has played in the past week. He was the Flames fifth round pick in the 2012 NHL Draft.
POSITION TEAM LEAGUE GP G A PTS PIM +/- Defence Quebec Remparts QMJHL 36 3 29 32 22 -3
Tim Harrison was the Flames sixth round pick in the 2013 NHL Draft. He is a freshman at Colgate.
POSITION TEAM LEAGUE GP G A PTS PIM +/- Right Wing Colgate Raiders ECAC 15 0 3 3 8 -1
Johnny Gaudreau had quite the week, rattling off five points in two games and was named the Three Rivers Classic on Dec. 28. The Carneys Point, NJ leads Hockey East with a 1.83 points-per-game average. Gaudreau was the Flames fourth round pick in the 2011 NHL Draft.
POSITION TEAM LEAGUE GP G A PTS PIM +/- Left Wing Boston College Eagles HEA 18 15 18 33 14 21
Bill Arnold potted three assists in two games last week and sits third in team scoring. The Flames selected the centre in the fourth round of the 2010 NHL Draft.
POSITION TEAM LEAGUE GP G A PTS PIM +/- Centre Boston College Eagles HEA 18 4 19 23 33 18
Jon Gillies is in Sweden, playing for the USA in the 2014 World Junior Championship. He is 2-0 thus far, making 50 saves on 54 shots in those outings. Gillies was the Flames third round pick in the 2012 NHL Draft.
POSITION TEAM LEAGUE GP W L T GAA S% Goaltender Providence College Friars HEA 15 10 1 3 1.88 .941
Mark Jankowski picked up one assist in the lone game Providence played last week. The forward was the Flames first round selection in the 2012 NHL Draft and is in his sophomore season at Providence.
POSITION TEAM LEAGUE GP G A PTS PIM +/- Centre Providence College Friars HEA 18 7 5 12 6 7
John Gilmour leads all Providence defencemen in scoring through 18 games this year. He was drafted in the seventh round of the 2013 NHL Draft.
POSITION TEAM LEAGUE GP G A PTS PIM +/- Defence Providence College Friars HEA 18 2 8 10 10 3
Kenny Agostino leads the Bulldogs in scoring through 13 games played this year. The forward was acquired in the Jarome Iginla trade last spring.
POSITION TEAM LEAGUE GP G A PTS PIM +/- Left Wing Yale Bulldogs ECAC 13 4 7 11 12 5
Rushan Rafikov has a plus-18 rating through 28 games played in the MHL this year. The Flames selected the defenceman in the seventh round of the 2013 NHL Draft.
POSITION TEAM LEAGUE GP G A PTS PIM +/- Defence Loko Yaroslavl MHL 28 6 7 13 20 18
Matt DeBlouw has two assists in 13 games with the Spartans this year. He was the Flames seventh round pick in the 2012 NHL Draft.
One of President Obama's top political advisers suggested Thursday that Democrats would benefit from a Sarah Palin candidacy in 2012, though he said he doubted his party would "get that lucky."
David Plouffe, who managed Obama's 2008 campaign and is a key architect of Democrats' midterm campaign strategy, told reporters that the tea party movement promises to heavily influence the 2012 Republican presidential primaries, arguing that Republicans are likely to nominate a conservative candidate out of step with the political mainstream.
"These guys are going to be running through hoops to please the far-right folks who are kind of the acolytes of Sarah Palin," Plouffe said. "Now maybe she'll be running herself. Something tells me we won't get that lucky."
Plouffe demurred when asked what would make a Palin bid "lucky" for Obama, saying only: "We'll talk more later."
Plouffe predicted that candidates akin to Delaware Senate candidate Christine O'Donnell (R) will be successful in the 2012 primary season.
"You're probably going to see many Christine O'Donnells all over the country, and this goes from their presidential nominee all the way down," Plouffe said.
ruckerp@washpost.com kornbluta@washpost.com
Islamists Find Willing Allies in U.S. Universities
Two graduate students and two undergraduates recalled personally experiencing the July 15, 2016 coup attempt against Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's government at a December 7, 2016, Georgetown University panel, before a youthful audience of about fifty. As crews from Turkey's TRT Haber television network and Anadolu Agency (AA) filmed/recorded, the panelists praised the coup's popular foiling as a democratic victory, irrespective of Erdoğan's dangerous Islamist policies. Such willful blindness mirrors that of other American-educated Middle East studies scholars whose actions and pronouncements lend a veneer of legitimacy to Erdoğan's dictatorial policies, including mass purges and arrests of academics and teachers throughout Turkey. Erdoğan's personal spokesman is Ibrahim Kalin, a George Washington University Ph.D. who serves as a senior fellow at Georgetown's Saudi-funded Alwaleed bin Talal Center for Muslim-Christian Understanding. He joined Juan Cole of Michigan, Cemil Aydin of UNC Chapel Hill (Harvard Ph.D.) at an October 2016 conference in Istanbul even as innocent educators languished in prison or faced academic ruin.
Will it be a last-minute gooooal in the Bronx for the Yankees and their Middle East sheik soccer partner?
City officials are scampering to sign a deal by the end of this month for $300 million in tax-free bonds that would allow the Yankees and a royal from the United Arab Emirates to tear down one of the bankrupt Yankee Stadium garages and build a Major League Soccer stadium, two sources close to the talks have told the Daily News.
A draft of the agreement circulating among Economic Development Corp. staff would require Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio to decide within 30 days of his inauguration whether to approve the deal for the new soccer franchise, the New York City Football Club, the sources said.
Under the complex proposal, the new soccer team — a joint venture of the Yankees and Manchester City Football Club, a British team owned by Sheik Mansour Bin Zayed Al Nahyan — would pay virtually no rent for 38 years for the largely city-owned land on which the proposed 28,000-seat soccer venue would sit.
The new franchise would also be permitted to divert the property taxes it would normally owe the city to pay off its bonds, the sources said — a deal similar to the one the Yankees and the Mets got for their new stadiums in 2005. The soccer club would be exempt from sales taxes or mortgage taxes.
The soccer venture would pay an estimated $25 million to bondholders of the bankrupt Bronx Parking Development firm for its E. 153rd St. garage, which sits on city-owned land. In addition, Yankees President Randy Levine is trying to buy out and relocate a nearby elevator equipment company, GAL Manufacturing Corp., which employs more than 350 workers.
The proposed soccer stadium would be proposed in the top center portion of this overhead view of Yankee Stadium. (KEVIN P. COUGHLIN/NEW YORK DAILY NEWS)
The soccer club needs the manufacturing site, the parking garage and an agreement by the city to permanently close E. 153rd St. for the new stadium.
Levine declined Tuesday to discuss the deal or even confirm an agreement was near. But he has been busy courting the support of Bronx public officials for days.
“NYCFC is looking for a home, not simply a place to play,” said Risa Heller, spokeswoman for the soccer venture. “As we have said from the start, we are reviewing sites all over the city.”
Community opposition earlier this year in Queens killed a proposed stadium for the new team in Flushing Meadows-Corona Park.
With the team scheduled to begin league play in 2015, it will have to share space in Yankee Stadium until its own field is built.
Manchester City's owner Sheik Mansour Bin Zayed Al Nahyan would be getting enormous subsidies to build a soccer stadium in the Bronx — including free rent for 38 years. (REUTERS)
Mayor Bloomberg's aides redoubled efforts in recent days to lock in a deal before de Blasio takes office. The Economic Development Corp. “is trying to get a memorandum of understanding done before Bloomberg leaves office,” one source told The News.
It could still take months or years for land-use procedures and City Council reviews to be completed, but reaching a preliminary accord now could force de Blasio to take a stand quickly.
The last-minute rush has sparked unease even among EDC staffers accustomed to generous deals for big companies.
After all, it was the Yankees who demanded 9,000 parking spaces before agreeing to build their stadium. That led to a financial debacle when fans shunned overpriced garages.
Now the garage company is bankrupt and the city is owed nearly $50 million in back rent and taxes that it will never recover.
The New York Yankees and Manchester City have a deal to tear down a bankrupt parking garage on E. 153rd St. to build a soccer stadium on the site. GAL Manufacturing, a producer of elevator equipment that employs more than 350 workers, would also need to be relocated for the deal to go through. (James Keivom/New York Daily News)
So why are city officials considering yet more subsidies to a new sports franchise controlled by the Yankees and a sheik whose family oversees more than $400 billion in oil wealth?
GIFT GOAL
28,000 seating capacity
$300 million in tax-free bonds
38 years of free rent
$25 million in payout to parking lot owners
$400 billion in oil wealth controlled by Abu Dhabi Sheik Mansour
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
Lowest Ratings SORT BY: | The Highest Ratings 263 Reviews. Average Rating: 4.8 of 5 Stars! 5 stars: 86% (224 of 263) 4 stars: 10% (26 of 263) 3 stars: 3% (8 of 263) 2 stars: 1% (4 of 263) 1 star: 0% (1 of 263) Display All Reviews By: Thurston M on 09/18/2018 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
Gun looks great even for a used handgun. Would recommend. Reviewed By: Ryan B on 07/24/2018 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
4 yrs and a few thousand rnds later this "used" gun is still kickin. I had it stippled and duracoated and have had ppl ofer me more than i have in it love this thing Reviewed By: Glenn T on 01/23/2018 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
New sights and a APEX trigger and it's my duty weapon of choice. Bud has delivered on each purchase all ways in 3-4 days. Thanks Reviewed By: Jack A on 01/11/2018 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
This Smith & Wesson M&P is in like new used condition. The night sights work great and at almost half the price of a new one it's a steal! Reviewed By: Jeffrey B on 11/11/2017 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
This is a very nice clean gun. Shoots great. Nights sights are dull but that was expected. For this price I highly recommend. Reviewed By: Shannon G on 10/18/2017 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
The gun was in excellent shape. Looked and fired as it would have new. Great gun, I like it better than my duty weapon. Reviewed By: Clayton P on 10/18/2017 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
Great gun of mighty quality. I have all caliber sin this model including a 357 sig conversion Reviewed By: Frank G on 08/08/2017 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
Great weapon at a great price thanks to Buds Gun Shop once again!!! I never worry about buying used from Buds. Its always better than described condition, these looked like they were through the police academy but they were still as described. Never had a problem with malfunctions either. Reviewed By: David T on 06/21/2017 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
I think this was an incredible deal!!! This was a police trade in so I didn't know what to expect, but when it arrived I inspected it with my FFL guy and we both agreed it was just about like a new in the box firearm....almost no sign of use or wear and tear. Really happy with it and it shoots like a champ, very reliable. Great service from Buds. Reviewed By: Robbie M on 03/19/2017 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
This is easily my favorite pistol. It tames the .40 S&W caliber and is a joy to shoot. This one is my home defense pistol when my shotgun is not at hand. Three magazines makes it a particularly good deal from Bud's. Show More Reviews
Everything the public knows at this point about the killing of Melvin and Meriam Odicta raises questions, none flattering to the Philippine National Police and the administration.
According to initial reports, the couple were shot while disembarking from a “Ro-Ro” boat at the Caticlan Jetty Port around 1:30 a.m. on Aug. 29. They were taken to hospital but were declared dead on arrival.
ADVERTISEMENT
Melvin Odicta was neither an ordinary bystander nor the latest unfortunate “collateral damage” in President Duterte's declared war on drugs and crime. Earlier, police had tagged him as the ringleader of the biggest drug syndicate in Iloilo, a shadowy, untouchable figure said to have gone by the name “Dragon.”
After news reports mentioned him as an alleged drug lord, Odicta and his wife presented themselves at Camp Crame in an effort to clear their names. It was Interior Secretary Mike Sueno who received them; PNP chief Ronald dela Rosa was reportedly not around at the time.
Per his lawyer, Odicta engaged in legitimate businesses in Iloilo such as a restaurant and a taxi franchise, and had no pending cases. If he thought his precautionary move was enough to ensure that he would be out of reach of the long arm of vigilante justice—which appears to have become the automatic fate of many accused of involvement in drugs—he thought wrong. It didn't take a week from his public surfacing for gunmen to take him, and his wife, down.
That Odicta was killed by unidentified gunmen was the official police story. But soon came additional details from other sources that appeared to belie the cut-and-dried character of the report. The most startling was the claim by Odicta's lawyer Gualberto Cataluña that, unlike his wife, Odicta didn't die on the spot. He was hit in one foot and was alive and standing, according to the lawyer, when cops hauled him off in handcuffs and put him in a police car, presumably to be brought to a hospital for treatment.
Cataluña said he saw this with his own eyes, but couldn't get near his client because police cordoned off the scene immediately after the shooting. Eventually, he said, he learned that Odicta was pronounced dead on arrival at Malay District Hospital—not from a wound in the foot but from fatal shots to the head and body.
Was it a rubout? Was Odicta finished off on the way to the hospital, while in police custody? The appearance of it was persuasive enough for Malacañang to announce that a task force had been formed to look into Odicta's death, along with an addendum from presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella: “The director of the Western Visayas region police has said that they do value the life of every individual and respect due process.”
Odicta might indeed have been the “biggest drug lord in Iloilo,” as the cops have tagged him. But no one can be certain of that now, not even the courts whose ultimate authority under the justice system to determine guilt or innocence has been usurped and made moot by the swift and irrevocable judgment of death meted out apparently in the confines of a police car.
The PNP itself says Odicta was a high-value target whose supposed knowledge of the drug trade in his turf would have been invaluable to the administration. Keeping him alive for what he knew would have greatly boosted the authorities' efforts to build an airtight case against the drug syndicates they blame for, among others, the vigilante killings that have alarmed even the international community.
Or was that precisely why Odicta was silenced? So that he could squeal no more and possibly implicate not only other drug runners but also their powerful protectors? Note that these protectors have the means to launch an operation that, if Odicta's lawyer is to be believed, involved, one, the cops looking the other way (the killing occurred near a police detachment, but the cops reportedly went scarce after the shooting), and, two, the delivery of a dead man who, merely minutes earlier, was seen alive by witnesses.
ADVERTISEMENT
How realistic would it be to expect the PNP to get to the bottom of this case and punish those in its ranks that may have summarily killed a suspect? The announcement of a task force is welcome news, but whether it does its job remains to be seen. Meanwhile, the killings only seem to get more brazen by the day.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
OTTAWA, Ontario — History comes when it comes, and the rest of the time you're laying the groundwork to get there. Yet that doesn't mean all the time preparing for the momentous day is worthless. Far from it. In fact, the daily striving is what matters most.
History came to the United States on Friday with the Supreme Court's ruling in favor of gay marriage across the nation. The U.S. women's national team is the most prominent sporting symbol of the United States in the year 2015, and the Supreme Court's decision made this a memorable day not just for the gay players and coaches on the U.S. team but for everyone who's part of this close-knit group.
​“Everybody on our team was super excited and happy about it,” said Abby Wambach after the U.S.'s 1–0 win over China in the Women's World Cup quarterfinals, setting up a semifinal showdown against Germany. “And to cap it off with a win, moving on to the semis in a World Cup, for me it doesn't get better.”
They had waited for this day for years. Wambach got married to Sarah Huffman in 2013, in Hawaii, in a celebration attended by dozens of her teammates, past and present. On Friday, Wambach joined teammate Megan Rapinoe, who's gay, in tweeting out their support for what had taken place.
Happy doesn't even come close to how I feel!Proud of my country today &will try and make you all proud of us!!! #USA https://t.co/0EuMFd1SNu — Abby Wambach (@AbbyWambach) June 26, 2015
Boom!! America. 🇺🇸🌈🙋🏼. Very proud to be Murican today💃🏼. And the @ussoccer_wnt gonna do the work today👊🏼🇺🇸 — Megan Rapinoe (@mPinoe) June 26, 2015
In fact, Wambach said, the U.S. team had a Supreme Court-themed goal celebration ready for Friday's game against China. “If we had scored a second one, we were going to give a shout-out to the Supreme Court making the decision that they did,” Wambach said.
• TIME: Supreme Court orders states to recognize same-sex marriage
During the day on Friday, U.S. Soccer had released its own rainbow-themed tweet of recognition for the decision:
It wasn't taken lightly by U.S. coach Jill Ellis, who lives in Miami with her wife, Betsy Stephenson, whom she married in 2013, and their daughter, Lily.
•​ Watch: Lloyd scores game-winning header vs. China
“I was actually very honored with what U.S. Soccer put out,” said Ellis, who was born in the United Kingdom but has been a U.S. citizen for decades. “When I saw it, I was very moved. Our players, they're great role models, and to have that now be something that all of us can embrace, no matter where we live in the country, I think it's tremendous. It's a tremendous step for our country, and certainly as somebody who benefits from that I'm extremely pleased for everybody in our nation in the LGBT community.”
​​An historic day for national equality and something that happens on a sports playing field are nowhere near the same thing, obviously, and it's certainly not the intention here to equate the Supreme Court's decision with the U.S.'s pursuit of a World Cup trophy. If Friday's decision was History with a capital “​H,” then winning the U.S.'s first World Cup in 16 years will be history with a lower-case “​h.”​
But when it comes to that history being pursued by these Americans, Friday will be remembered as a part of the process—a day of laying the groundwork—and not the historic day itself. You need these days, and they're vitally important, and the U.S. will take added confidence into the semifinals after playing its best game of the tournament so far.
But China, while deserving respect, is not Germany, and in the decades to come we will remember the 2015 Women's World Cup for what happens on Tuesday in Montreal and, if the U.S. wins, for what happens in the final on July 5 in Vancouver.
• ​Podcast: Wynalda, Lalas recall Copa America run 20 years later
This was a happier U.S. team after Friday's win than the one we've seen previously in this World Cup. There were more smiles, more mentions of gaining confidence heading into the Germany game. There was more movement and initiative on both sides of the ball. And some of the players' emotional positivity, Wambach said, was indeed related to the events of earlier in the day in the nation's capital.
History comes when it comes, and the rest of the time you're laying the groundwork to get there. When Carli Lloyd, the goal-scorer, was asked what had changed in her game on Friday, her first word seemed appropriate.
“Freedom,” she said.
Back in 2015, almost 40 couples in Mumbai witnessed breach of privacy when the police knocked on the doors of their hotel rooms and detained them on the charges of ‘indecent behaviour in public'. But that wasn't a one-off incident. It cannot be denied that unmarried couples often find themselves under the scrutiny of judgemental eyes if looking to rent a room. However, StayUncle, a New Delhi-based start-up has made the task easy for adults who have a valid government approved identity card.
Advertising
Owned by Sanchit Sethi, a BITS-Pilani graduate, the 2015 start-up aims to facilitate affordable room-renting services for short as 8-10 hours without any hassles. “There is no law in India that prohibits (unmarried) couples from renting a room. As long as you have a government identity card, you should be given a room. We don't live in the 1950s anymore. What we are trying to do is change the mindset of hoteliers,” Sethi told Quartz.
Getting hotels to agree is also a challenging task for the company. The first hotel to agree into the arrangement was Ace Residency, a budget hotel in New Delhi's upmarket Greater Kailash area. Since then StayUncle has roped in 34 hotels in the capital and 10 in Mumbai. According to Sethi, the list includes luxury hotels like Trident and Oberoi. “Out of 10 hotels we speak to, only two or three eventually sign up. This is a new industry and people often see this as going against the culture of the country and there is always the fear of moral policing,” he added.
Earlier, Sethi's plan was to cater to travellers but he realised that most of the inquiries they received were from unmarried couples. Hence, they decided to change the plan. Reportedly, they have provided services to 200-odd couples till date.
Privacy is and will always remain a concern in budget hotels, but Sethi ensures that the hotels who have tied up with StayUncle are safe.
Advertising
And most interestingly, the company of three, as they have written on their blog has crowdsourced everything. After the word spread on social media, they are getting calls and requests from across the country. They write “You demand better website. Android app. iOS app. Hotels in Chennai, Calcutta, Dehradun, Allahabad, Mysore, Kanyakumari, Chandigarh, Katra,” to which their solution is people can build a mobile app for StayUncle, design a better website, rope in hotels from their cities, all of which will be considered seriously by the company.
There was a fizzling sound from behind Vince, a noise like freshly poured soda. That was the only cue he got that Thomas's dome was finally down. Seconds later, a familiar hand came down gently on top of his head, ruffling his silver hair slightly.
“I know you've always looked up to me, but this might be taking things a bit far.” Globe was staring at the charred stump of Vince's left arm, a wide array of emotions twitching through his face. From the ground, rocks and soil began floating upward, forming into a false arm to take the place of Globe's own missing appendage. “Don't worry. Hallow owes me more than a few favors from our time together. He'll put you right.”
“We've got bigger concerns.” Vince nodded to the still approaching stretch of guards. Nearby, the Heroes were getting twitchy as well. Angela might have sold them on the idea that Globe was in custody momentarily, but they weren't going to be fooled for long. Globe was up and moving around, which made him dangerous, and they did have a duty to fulfill.
More attacks were already coming, blasts and bolts, a few guards even risked firing their weapons. They regretted it instantly, as more contained infernos broke out, however the point was clear: they wanted Globe. Scariest of all, the guard who had created the destruction wave was rearing back, preparing to send out another.
Before his hand could open, a golden sword slammed into his chest at the same time his legs were sliced neatly in half by blades of shadow. Letting out a short gurgle, he fell to the ground limply where his ample blood joined that of all of the fellow guards he'd killed. It was a hard thing to watch, yet strangely heartening. Angela and Shane were still with them, this wasn't a fight they had to handle alone. Glancing back, Vince saw Camille healing Thomas before he could keel over from exhaustion. Together, all of them could do something.
And then, without warning, Globe held up a hand and snapped his fingers. Just like that, every single guard near them dropped to the ground. For a moment, they seemed dead, but as Vince looked closely he could see their chests still rising and falling. They were only unconscious.
“Do you know why everyone, guard and Hero alike, attacked me with all the strength they had earlier? Because they knew if I had enough time to focus and think, this is what would happen. Especially with my range currently amped up. Thanks for the distraction, Charon and our hidden shadow-wielder. Made my job a lot easier. Now, as for the Heroes.”
Globe turned to them, the few who had gathered near the fringes, away from backup, and were standing their ground against a foe who had defeated countless powerful Supers in his day. Not a one ran or even seemed as though they would consider the idea of giving ground. Good. For all the bad in the Hero world, it was clear that the HCPs were still handing the burden of graduation to the right kind of people.
“Heroes, I hereby surrender to you. I will follow in your care to a jail, a DVA representative, or whatever you deem appropriate given the circumstances. I will not use my power to attack or attempt an escape. My only condition is not negotiable, however. If the need arises, I will use my power to keep these students safe. Given how badly the DVA wants me, I'm going to assume that part won't be an issue.”
Vince grabbed Globe's sleeve as he tried to step forward. “What are you doing?”
“You were right, Vince. I was tired. I was hoping to take the easy way out. Tearing things down, ripping the truth into the light, those feats are nothing compared to what comes next. Rebuilding. Living with the truth, the fallout, and the consequences. Dying in battle would have been much simpler. But Heroes don't take the easy path, and occasionally I need reminding that, if only in the eyes of one person, I'm still a Hero. So I'm doing what's right.”
“No.” The voice came from a guard who had been approaching from further away, near the back of the group. It was a voice Vince recognized, even if he wasn't immediately sure from where. He didn't have to wonder long, as the guard peeled off his helmet to reveal the face of Charles Adair. For a moment, they were all stunned, and Charles didn't waste the opportunity. With lightning speed, he pulled a gun from under his body armor, held it aloft, and then pressed the muzzle to his own temple.
“For anyone wondering, no, my threat here is not mere suicide. Buried beneath this site are four nuclear bombs. There are also monitoring devices on several of my vital organs, and before I came here I gave orders to my tech people to engage our final failsafe system, not that they realized what they were doing. As of now, my life is all that keeps those bombs from going off. I die, and they explode. How many of the Heroes, or students, out there do you think could survive that kind of blast?”
Globe started to move, and Charles instantly tightened his finger on the trigger. “None of that. I know very well what it feels like when you put someone to sleep, and I'll have just enough time to fire in response. Now you could freeze me, although that wouldn't do much to stop the cyanide pill in my mouth since you allow people to keep breathing. You could go for that too, but only if you're absolutely certain I don't have any other backup methods, which you shouldn't be. Even if my mundane tools failed, I still have the option of using transmutation on my blood or heart. Maybe you'll be tempted to take a swing at messing with the devices, if you're confident you won't trip the safeguards. But even if you could pull any of that off normally, judging from the way your eyes are having trouble focusing, it looks like you're downright gassed. I'm not sure you want to risk the lives of everyone here on the chance that you're faster than me.”
There was no mistaking the fury in Globe's eyes, yet he stayed his hand anyway. “What do you want?”
“The devices on my organs have a proximity system. Once I'm far enough away, the link between the bombs and my body will safely deactivate. It's an incentive for everyone to let me walk out of here safely, and you're coming with me, Phil. Thanks to you and yours, it appears as though I have to go into hiding, and I can't think of anyone better to guide me than my very own big brother who stayed safely on the run for years. Don't worry, all you have to do is get me to a non-extradition country where I've got some assets and safeguards in place.”
“If you have an escape plan, then why didn't you use it instead of coming here?” Globe asked.
For the first time, Vince thought he saw a glimmer of sadness in Charles Adair's expression. “My wife is gone, my daughter rightfully will never forgive me, Jack and mom are both dead. You're all I have left. If I'm running away for the rest of my life, I wanted you to be there. The things I've done are beyond redemption, but you've never cared about limits like that. Perhaps, one day, we can find peace between us.”
That was not at all the answer Vince had been expecting, and from the confusion on their faces neither had the other Heroes. Globe, however, was the only one unmoved.
“It's a nice story, the kind I want to believe. That Chuck is still in there, under all the betrayal, compromise, and lies. That's the problem; it's too pleasant a story. There's no hope in your eyes to go with it, no gaze toward the future. I know that look, because I've worn it too. You want out. You can't bear to face Shelby or Alice or the world now that everything is exposed, and you're hoping I kill you once it's safe.”
“Doesn't really matter either way, does it?” Charles asked. “I'm still holding the entire battlefield hostage. Revenge, release, reconciliation, any or none of them could be true and it wouldn't change the fact that you're coming with me. There are people who need protecting, so fulfill your duty, Hero.”
Slowly, painfully, Globe took a step toward Charles. “Vince, I'm sorry. Whatever happens from here on, look after each other. At the end of the day, that's what makes-”
“Now!” The scream came from the trees, just before the first person ran into view.
A new 'Do Not Call' registry will let you eat in peace.
New York (CNN/Money) - Tired of telemarketing calls? You'll soon be able to put a stop to them. Starting in July, individuals will be able to register with a new national "Do Not Call" registry run by the Federal Trade Commission, the agency announced Tuesday. And by October, it will be illegal for telemarketers to phone any household that's registered for the program. Consumers will be able to sign up for the free program by calling a toll-free phone number or by going online. The phone number and Web address will be released by the FTC in June. (To get updated information about the program, click here.) Online registration is expected to be immediately available nationwide but the FTC will phase in the call-in registration region-by-region. By mid-August, the phone registration is expected to be available nationwide. Individuals who register with the program will remain on the Do Not Call list for five years or until they change their phone number, at which point they can re-register. Under the new rules, telemarketers will be required to check the Do Not Call registry and update their telemarketing lists every 90 days to remove names of individuals who've signed up. So approximately three months after you register you should stop getting unwanted calls. The FTC would fine telemarketers $11,000 each time they called a household that's on the list. Meanwhile, consumers who want to limit telemarketing calls they receive may be able to put their name on "do not call" lists for individual companies. Twenty-seven states, including Missouri, Texas and New York and Louisiana, have "do not call" lists in place. To find out if your state participates, click here. The "Do Not Call" program has evolved over time. In 2002, the FTC began looking into ways to protect consumers' privacy from unwanted calls. Later in the year, the agency finalized details of the program, which was officially announced last December. But the program could not begin without funding. This past February, Congress allowed the FTC to offset program costs by collecting up to $18.1 million from telemarketers.
The Microsoft Malware Protection Center has found a trojan downloader that does not have any suspicious routines in its initial state and is therefore difficult for virus scanners to detect. Once it has been started, the small Visual Basic program loads a web page for a Tibetan restaurant. The HTML for this site hides shell code that the program then downloads into RAM and executes.
Although the executable file, which Microsoft has labelled TrojanDownloader:Win32/Poison.A, only produces an error message on a computer not connected to the internet, once the malicious code has been successfully run it copies itself into a system folder and from there begins to keylog.
A modern virus scanner's behaviour monitoring system should be alerted at this point. The spying functionality that is downloaded once an internet connection is present comes from the free "Poison Ivy" trojan builder tool, which can provide the payload directly as shell code.
Normally, a downloader pulls an executable file from the internet, saves it on the disk, and executes it – activity that should alert a virus scanner's behaviour monitor. This example once again shows how important it is to install a virus scanner with a behaviour monitor.
(ehe)
Ken "Tokyo Joe" Eto
Ken Eto (衛藤 健 Etō Ken; October 19, 1919 – January 23, 2004), also known as Tokyo Joe and "The Jap", was a Japanese-American mobster with the Chicago Outfit and eventually an FBI informant who ran Asian gambling operations for the organization. He was the highest-ranking Asian-American in the organization and is also notable for his extraordinary survival of a murder attempt.[1][2]
Eto was born in California to strict disciplinarian parents. During World War II, Eto was interned at Minidoka War Relocation Center,[3] and was arrested in 1942 for violating wartime curfew at the camp. In 1949 he moved to Chicago, where he set up an illegal gambling racket known as "bolito" and was managing up to $150,000 to $200,000 a week, including $3,000 a week payoffs to corrupt Chicago police.[4]
Eto's gambling operation was eventually uncovered by the FBI, and Outfit capo Vincent Solano was afraid that Eto would turn government witness. On February 10, 1983, a few weeks prior to sentencing on his gambling conviction he was invited to a dinner meeting. Afraid he was going to be shot, he took a bath and put on his best suit before heading out for the meeting. As he was sitting in a parked car, hitmen Jasper Campise and John Gattuso fired three shots into his head; however, the bullets only grazed his skull. After regaining consciousness, he dragged himself into a local pharmacy and called "911".[5] The 911 recording was played on WBBM-TV, with the call taker demanding to speak to Eto and then asking him if he could drive himself to a hospital. Eventually, a Chicago Fire Department ambulance was sent for him. The failed attempt on Eto's life was blamed on an insufficient amount of gunpowder in the bullet cartridges. The two gunmen had handloaded their own ammunition to reduce their chances of being traced to Eto's murder.
Eto agreed to turn informant for the FBI and entered the Witness Protection Program. On July 14, 1983, about five months after the unsuccessful hit, the bodies of Eto's would-be killers were found in the trunk of a car in suburban Naperville, Illinois; the men had been strangled. The FBI stated after the failed murder attempt, they went to Campise and Gattuso and offered to place them in Witness Protection if they testified as to who ordered the killing, but both stated that they were in no danger. Eto testified in court against his former mob partners and helped put away 15 Outfit mobsters and their associates, including corrupt police officers.
Ken Eto died in Georgia in 2004 at the age of 84, living under the name Joe Tanaka. He left behind six children.[6]
A documentary on him was made by Ken'ichi Oguri.[7]
As Peter Wright recently penned so succinctly on the pages of this website, the men's movement, after a hundred years of antecedents that were more anti-feminist than pro-male, has entered a new era.
We have, after many internal struggles, and much work to rise above the fog of social programming, finally ushered in a second wave, relieved not just of the dictates of ideological social engineers, but of the outmoded and archaic demands on men that led us to feminist governance and puppetry in the first place.
We have shaken ourselves from the trance of mainstream politics, from the shame and control of religiosity, and from the terminal, toxic propensity to measure our innate worth by the capricious judgments of women and costly approval of traditional men.
And it has laid a path of autonomy and self-actualization that was unavailable till now because we simply did not dare to imagine it.
This website, though I think the word website is no longer an adequate description of this place, is a place critical to that imagining. And while we have never pretended to speak for all men, our voice has caught the attention of a growing legion of men and women hungering for a better way.
It is with that better way in mind that I am pleased to make an announcement and to issue a challenge to all organizations that purport to support the cause of a just and fair society.
The Equal Rights Amendment, written in 1923, is a proposal to make freedom from discrimination based on sex a matter of Constitutional Law in the United States. Its wording is as clear as it is brief.
Section 1. Equality of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any state on account of sex;
Section 2. The Congress shall have the power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this article;
Section 3. This amendment shall take effect two years after the date of ratification.
After discussion with the editorial staff of this website, we have agreed that this proposed amendment, precisely as it is worded above, is in the interest of all citizens. It is our considered opinion that resistance to this amendment primarily stems from the desire to maintain the status quo of the disposability of men and boys. And indeed we find that the activism that prevented its previous success stemmed from political conservatives like Phyllis Schlafly, who successfully campaigned to keep men in deadly servitude to their culture for the benefit and enjoyment of women.
With that in mind, we issue our support for the Equal Rights Amendment and pledge our activism to push for ratification. We also challenge all human or so-called equal rights organizations to support this with their own redoubled efforts to demand ratification, as failure to do so will be identified as the supreme hypocrisy of the age.
With that, I am also issuing a request to the editors and contributors of A Voice for Men, and issuing an advisory to the same effect. From this day forward, it is the editorial policy of AVFM to refer to the movement of which we are a part as the Men's Human Rights Movement, or MHRM.
That too is a simple idea whose time has come. While we are focused in the inequalities of law that have a disproportionally negative impact on the lives of men and boys, we do not claim the need to do so at the expense of any other group. This is, in one of its rare forms, a movement for human rights. It is only fitting that we identify it as such in our lexicon.
On behalf of the editorial staff of A Voice for Men,
Paul Elam
Dean Esmay
The PBE has been updated! New stuff includes a texture rebalancing for, a shiny new barrel for, and several tentative balance changes!Continue reading for more information!
(Warning: PBE Content is tentative and iterative - what you see may not reflect what eventually gets pushed to live servers! Manage your expectations accordingly. )
Texture Rebalancing
Jailbreak Graves
[Old vs New]
FNATIC Gragas
Summoner's Rift Update
Balance Changes * Remember *: The PBE is a testing ground for new, tentative, and sometimes radical changes. The changes you see below may be lacking context or other accompanying changes that didn't make it in - don't freak out! These are not official notes.
* Remember *: The PBE is a testing ground for new, tentative, and sometimes radical changes. The changes you see below may be lacking context or other accompanying changes that didn't make it in - don't freak out! These areofficial notes.
Champions Cassiopeia
Base mana increased to 270 from 250
increased to 270 from 250 Manas per level increased to 60 from 50
increased to 60 from 50 Noxious Blast (Q) AP ratio increased to .45 from .35
Soraka
[Context: Please remember that Soraka currently has a gameplay update testing on the PBE. These changes are relevant to that rework, not her live values.] Base MR decreased to 30 from 32
decreased to 30 from 32 Base armor increased to 17 from 16
increased to 17 from 16 HP Regen Per second Per Level lowered to .14 from .16
lowered to .14 from .16 HP Per level decreased to 78 from 80
decreased to 78 from 80 Astral Infusion (W) self heal from Q AP ratio lowered to .4 from .6
Cuttthroat (E) slow increased to .25 seconds from .1 second
[Context: Talon's E was changed in an earlier patch, removing his silence and replacing it with a short duration 99% slow.]
Looks like we have one another new texture rebalance to add to this cycle -has been updated. Unfortunately thehas beenfrom the PBE so the following screen shots might not completely sell the whole cohesive art thing. Be sure to read up on the Mass Texture rebalances and check out the other 40+ rebalances from earlier this cycle. 's barrel is now shiny! It reflects light as he moves around.Since the picture doesn't really do it justice, here's a short video preview:For a better look atand the rest of theskins currently on the PBE, check out our earlier coverage The Summoner's Rift update hasbeenas it will not be included in the upcoming live patch. It will return for more testing next cycle.Miss out on previous updates from this PBE cycle? Check outfor a comprehensive list of the new content in this PBE cycle or catch up with the links below !
Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender Tennesseans face some legal challenges that non-LGBT Tennesseans do not. Same-sex sexual activity is legal in the state. Marriage licenses have been issued to same-sex couples in Tennessee since the Supreme Court ruling in Obergefell v. Hodges on June 26, 2015.
Sodomy law [ edit ]
The Tennessee Court of Appeals ruled unanimously that the state's sodomy statute was unconstitutional in 1996 in the case of Campbell v. Sundquist.[1]
Recognition of same-sex relationships [ edit ]
Marriage [ edit ]
Prior to being overturned, Tennessee recognized neither same-sex marriages nor any other form of legal recognition of same sex-unions. The state banned same-sex marriage both by statute and by constitutional amendment. That ban was overturned by the Supreme Court of the United States on June 26, 2015.
House Bill 1111 [ edit ]
Domestic partnership [ edit ]
City offers domestic partner benefits County-wide partner benefits through County-wide partner benefits through domestic partnership County or city does not offer domestic partner benefits Map of Tennessee counties and cities that offer domestic partner benefits either county-wide or in particular cities.
The cities of Collegedale[2] and Knoxville[3] together with the Metropolitan Area of Nashville and Davidson County[4][5] have enacted domestic partnership benefits for same-sex couples. The Chattanooga City Council voted to allow domestic partnerships in 2013, but this was repealed by voters in August 2014.[6] However, same-sex marriages have been available throughout Tennessee since the June 2015 Supreme Court ruling overturning same-sex marriage bans nationwide.
Adoption and parenting [ edit ]
Tennessee allows single persons to adopt children. Same-sex couples may legally adopt in the state. In 2007, the Tennessee Attorney General released an opinion that adoption by same-sex couples was not prohibited by state statute, and could be done if in the child's best interest.[7][8]
Discrimination protections [ edit ]
Sexual orientation and gender identity solely in public employment Sexual orientation in public employment Does not protect sexual orientation and gender identity in employment Map of Tennessee counties and cities that have sexual orientation and/or gender identity anti–employment discrimination ordinances circa 2016
Tennessee law does not prohibit discrimination of the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity. [9]
The cities of Knoxville[10], Memphis[11], and Chattanooga[6] and the Metropolitan Area of Nashville and Davidson County[12] have ordinances prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity.
The city of Franklin prohibits discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation only.
Equal Access to Intrastate Commerce Act [ edit ]
Senate Bill 1556 [ edit ]
EEOC v. R.G. & G.R. Harris Funeral Homes [ edit ]
On March 7, 2018, the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit (covering Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio and Tennessee) ruled that Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits employment discrimination against transgender people under the category of sex. It also ruled that employers may not use the Religious Freedom Restoration Act to justify discrimination against LGBT people. Aimee Stephens, a transgender woman, began working for a funeral home and presented as male. In 2013, she told her boss that she was transgender and planned to transition. She was promptly fired by her boss who said that "gender transition violat[es] God's commands because a person's sex is an immutable God-given fit."[13] With this decision, discrimination in the workplace based on gender identity is now banned in Tennessee.
Hate crime law [ edit ]
Tennessee law has punished hate crime on the basis of sexual orientation since 2001, but the law does not include gender identity, though it is covered by federal law.[14] It was reported by the Tennessee Attorney-General in February 2019 that hate crime laws implicitly cover gender identity, because gender or sex is explicitly covered in Tennessee hate crime legislation - a legal first for a southern US state.[15][16]
Gender identity and expression [ edit ]
In 1977, the Tennessee state legislature passed a birth certificate statute that prohibits the state from altering the sex on birth certificates.Tennessee is the only state to prohibit the reassignment of one's gender on a birth certificate. [17]
Summary table [ edit ]
Same-sex sexual activity legal (since 1996) Equal age of consent Anti-discrimination state laws for sexual orientation Anti-discrimination state laws for gender identity or expression / (Since 2018 for employment, under EEOC v. R.G. & G.R. Harris Funeral Homes) Hate crime laws include sexual orientation Hate crime laws include gender identity or expression (Implicitly since 2019)[18][19] Stepchild adoption by same-sex couples Joint adoption by same-sex couples Access to IVF for lesbians (Not technically specified) Same-sex marriages MSMs allowed to donate blood / (One year deferral - federal policy)
See also [ edit ]
Oklahoma City could hardly have done a better rebuilding job after the departure of Kevin Durant. After a one-year sideshow in which the Thunder pushed the limits of what a one-man team could be, the Thunder are a contender once again.
The acquisition of Carmelo Anthony alone doesn't move the needle for a team competing for a title. But when evaluated within the context of Oklahoma City's prior moves and existing pieces, what they paid to get Anthony — Doug McDermott, Enes Kanter, and Chicago's 2018 second-round pick — it was a worthy price for a generational scorer starving for postseason success.
The integration of Anthony will require major adjustments not just to Anthony's game, but to Russell Westbrook and Paul George's as well. Last season, they all had usage rates of at least 28.9 and attempted at least 18 shots per game, while serving as the clear first option for their respective teams.
Read More: How Thunder GM Sam Presti got his groove back
That can no longer be the case. Westbrook is the best player on the team and still holds the reins. But he's also the least flexible player on the team. Any team with Westbrook on it is confined, in many ways, to playing a certain style. Will he relinquish some of the control that made him and MVP in order for the rest of the team to thrive?
Westbrook and Anthony were tied for the second-most field goal attempts per game from 15-19 feet. George was fifth. Anthony and George both canned over 45 percent of those looks, but those are inherently inefficient shots.
Westbrook has a proclivity for jacking quick 17-footers early in the shot clock; George likes to pull up instead of getting all the way to the basket; Anthony lives at the elbows. With better teammates and smaller individual burdens, they should find better looks within the flow of the offense, and the long 2-points will be fewer and farther between. Stretch some of those shots out to the 3-point line, and they become markedly more efficient.
Anthony and George both shot over 42 percent on catch-and-shoot 3s and Anthony was in the 93rd percentile leaguewide as a spot-up player. He and George will be a breath of fresh air for a team that ranked dead last in the NBA in 3-point percentage a season ago and whose floor spacing rarely instilled fear in opposing defenses.
Oklahoma City can utilize its newfound shooting around Westbrook, who will now have more open lanes to the basket than he did in 2017 with the likes of Domantas Sabonis and Semaj Christon around him. Westbrook is a spread pick-and-roll point guard, and George and Anthony are ideal complements to that scheme. Spot up around a Westbrook pick-and-roll, and they'll feast on plays like this:
Westbrook generated 0.89 points per possession scoring as a ball-handler in pick-and-rolls and has developed a strong connection with Steven Adams, who averaged 1.09 points per possession as a roll man. That duo could become lethal with increased real estate for Adams to rumble down the lane:
Another way to keep Anthony involved on offense would be to use him as a screener. He's probably a full-time four at this point in his career, especially given Oklahoma City's lack of frontcourt depth. As he's done with Team USA in past summers, Anthony can be a weapon in the pick-and-pop. If Westbrook sucks both defenders into the paint on his drives, Anthony will feast on kickout 3s. Take away Anthony on the pop, and Westbrook is getting all the way to the rim. Anthony should become hyper-efficient in an even more specialized role.
The same goes for George, who can also act either as a ball-handler or a screener. George was in the 92nd percentile of players as a pick-and-roll ball handler and the 78th percentile as a roll/pop man. Guards and wings are setting more ball screens than ever, and George creates mismatches with his size and athleticism. Stick some poor guard or cement-footed brute on him and George will go to work.
Between George and Anthony, two like-sized forwards, the Thunder should overwhelm opposing defenses with their offensive firepower. Even if teams hide their worst defenders on Andre Roberson — and they will — they still have to find two capable defenders to cover George and Anthony. Oh, and there's also the matter of chasing Westbrook. One of those three will have a lopsided advantage almost every night.
Roberson should still start; he's one of the handful of the best perimeter defenders in the league, and his defense is far more valuable against starters than against backups. But Billy Donovan may start giving him the quick hook in favor of Patrick Patterson, a superior shooter and plus/minus darling. Patterson could also play the five in some lineups, with Alex Abrines on the wing, giving Oklahoma City true five-out lineups with shooting at every position.
Westbrook, George, and Anthony will likely only share the floor at the start of halves and in the last five to seven minutes of each game. That leaves more than half the game for Billy Donovan to stagger his stars, keeping one or two on the floor at all times and distributing touches in a way that keeps everyone satisfied.
Every move made by a contending team must be analyzed with the Warriors as a frame of reference. In a league where everyone is gearing up to beat one team, the Thunder might be most equipped to match up with the defending champs. Defensively, they're long, athletic, and versatile. Offensively, they'll pressure the rim and shoot the lights out. Now it's a matter of accepting role, embracing sacrifice, and making the pieces fit.
by
Daulton Dickey.
Surrealism encompassed a variety of media and artists of all kinds, many of whom found a place in the Modern Art canon. Some artists, such as Dali and Magritte, produced imagery we still encounter. Melting clocks and apples obscuring faces represent the kind of imagery surrealists excelled at producing. It unsettled you, disoriented you, confused you.
Few surrealists managed to match Hans Bellmer in the ability to confound and disturb. His pieces simultaneously deconstruct and fetishize the human form, the sum of which stirs a sense of disquiet—and occasional eroticism—in the viewer. By perverting the human form, he managed to express his own tortured mind while allowing the viewers to glimpse something inside themselves—something perhaps not altogether pleasant.
Nazism and Degenerate Art
Hans Bellmer lived in Germany during the rise of the Third Reich. He worked for an advertising agency and grew increasingly resistant to fascism and its radicalization of culture. When the party set its sights on art, Bellmer left his job to focus on challenging State sanctioned notions of art and artistic integrity.
For fascism to succeed, it has to wrest control of the culture. The Nazi party assumed dominance over everything from literature to theater. It also expressed strong opinions of visual art and articulated utter disdain for modern art.
The Nazis viewed art as utilitarian: it celebrated Germany's past and future triumphs while presenting idealized representations of the human form. Art, to the Nazi party, was histrionic and didactic. Its purpose was to serve the state by inculcating and disseminating the party's ideology—similar to the Christian dominance of art in the Middle Ages and up to the Enlightenment.
To succeed in controlling art, the party mounted a frontal attack on modern art. Labeling it as degenerate, the Nazis confiscated any painting or sculpture it deemed offensive to the power, prestige, and superiority of the German race.
To discredit modern artists and their work, the party held an exhibition of “degenerate art,” which traveled the country. This served to mock the artists and the art. It ridiculed them, shamed them, made them and their art fodder for jokes and triggered distaste in the minds of party loyalists. In short, it was a propaganda campaign designed to discredit modern art and artists.
Bellmer the Iconoclast
Hans Bellmer toyed with erotic art, sometimes bordering on the grotesque. He channeled his sexual perversions as well as his opposition and hostility to the Third Reich into enigmatic and sometimes disturbing imagery.
Along with his wife, he crafted a series of mannequins—which he called dolls—an d created and published a portfolio of photographs featuring his dolls in various poses and configurations. The results stir a variety of emotions. They're erotic, grotesque, hypnotic, disturbing. Like good art, they exploit or expose facets of the viewer's psyche—facets they might intentionally conceal or of which they're not even aware.
“The body resembles a sentence that seems to invite us to dismantle it into its component letters,” he once said, “so that its true meanings may be revealed ever anew through an endless stream of anagrams.”
His deconstruction of the human body awakens us to the possibility of different forms. This perversion of form strips away any spiritual or metaphysical underpinnings we might associate with the human form. Such associations permeated societies from the ancient Greeks to modern Judeo-Christian civilizations, and Bellmer's works systematically undermined them.
Bellmer and Sexual Perversion
Bellmer also plays with perversion in a different sense: sexual perversion. By depicting the human body without a head, he dehumanizes it while simultaneously fetishizing it. Slits meant to emulate shaved vaginas are often prominent in his dolls, signifying a heterosexual fetishization—or, more specifically, they signified his sexual fetishes.
Surrealism found its roots in psychoanalysis. In a sense, it aspired to develop a new branch of psychology. It had started as a literary movement before expanding to the visual arts with the aim of unlocking the mysteries of the human mind.
The founding surrealists—especially Andre Breton—took Sigmund Freud's theories seriously. Breton's aim was to develop writing techniques, such as automatic writing, to unlock parts of the psyche to which we don't have conscious access. At its core, surrealism aimed to further the understanding of human psychology through techniques designed to bypass consciousness.
Although modern cognitive science discredited Freud and his work, most western countries viewed him as an intellectual giant a century ago—and many people they accepted his “findings” as fact.
Sex played a major role in Freudian theory. Every mental illness or trauma, he claimed, contained an element of sex or sexuality, much of which dated to early childhood development. Sex was plastic for Freud. It was malleable, able to manifest itself in thoughts or experiences seemingly unrelated to sex.
You can find recurring themes of sex and sexuality throughout the surrealist movement—thanks in part to their devotion to Freud. You can also find childlike admiration and imagination running through their works, perhaps another nod to the great doctor. Dali, for example, once claimed that his ambitions were to “reconstruct” his “early adolescent experience.”
While many surrealists incorporated these concepts into their artistic lexicons, moat did so playfully—or enigmatically or ambiguously. Few turned to the darker side of sexual desire and early childhood development. Hans Bellmer fits squarely in the latter category.
He harbored unhealthy obsessions with teenage girls. Some accuse him of pederasty or at least pederastic desires, and the accusation might have merit. Some also accuse him of sexual deviancy, who objectified and fetishized his desires, projecting them onto his dolls and artwork.
His imagery dehumanized females by perverting their forms, transforming them into enigmas—sometimes coldly, sometimes with indifference, sometimes obsessively. For him, it seems as if form equaled desire, and the act of sex itself took a backseat to such perverse desires. Perhaps fantasy, for Hans Bellmer, was more authentic than reality.
“I admire de Sade very much,” he said, “especially his idea that violence towards the loved one can tell us more about the anatomy of desire than the simple act of love.”
Deconstructing the human form to de-emphasize the human condition may have been Bellmer's homage to Marquis de Sade. What's more violent than dismembering simulacra of those you love only to reconstitute them as grotesque and implicit expressions of your desires?
If you examine his photography and art, then sexual obsession and a fixation on female sexuality aren't hard to infer. It's often explicit.
“Perversion” is a word with many senses. We often use it to denote sexual deviancy, but we can use it to denote breaking or changing rules. Bellmer's perversion reveled in both senses. As a sexual fetishist, he exhibited dark and perverted sensibilities. And he conveyed them through his art. As a surrealist, it's possible that he even uncovered some—of at least the extent of some—through his work.
Bellmer's Effect—intentional or otherwise
Hans Bellmer is a complicated artist. He openly defied the Nazis by producing and publishing erotic, grotesque, and obscene art. Such public and hostile opposition to a totalitarian regime is not without its merits. As an artist, he explored sexual fetishes and desires, he implied darkness and taboos, and he dehumanized women to focus single-mindedly on his obsessions.
His perversions and probable misogyny are reprehensible and indefensible. His admiration of the worst of Marquis de Sade's multi-faceted and complex philosophical system also exposes authoritarian tendencies, where the power dynamics skewed toward him and his desires.
He's not a man to admire or emulate—this point is worth underscoring. The question his art might raise for some—it certainly raises them for me—is one few people are willing to address: if you were to focus on your sexual desires, if you analyzed them with brutal honesty, what perversions might you uncover?
Hans Bellmer's complexities fueled a dark and disturbing oeuvre, the totality of which raises interesting questions for the viewer. Are we more than our human forms? Jean-Paul Sartre once asserted his philosophy in a pithy saying: “Existence precedes essence.” That is, as humans we're not predestined to live or behave in certain ways. Our choices and actions alone define us, not some philosophical notion of essence as a thing that transcends existence. If you analyze Bellmer's work, you might discover a convergence with Sartre's argument: if you deconstruct us, can you find a sufficient and necessary truth about human beings? Or are we simply meat and bones? Organic machines compelled to fuck in order to propagate our genes?
Bellmer's most interesting pieces raise philosophical questions concerning spirituality and challenge metaphysical presuppositions—perhaps a result of his association with surrealism. Are we rational actors whose cogito offers us access to our mental states? Or are we meat machines in touch with few of our non-conscious mechanisms?
If we explore the darker sides of ourselves, can we unlock truths previously hidden from us—or are perversions always in plain sight yet largely unacknowledged?
Although Bellmer is not, in no unequivocal terms, a man to admire, his steadfast devotion to his obsessions and his singular vision provokes questions we should consider—and take seriously.
Daulton Dickey is a novelist, poet, and content creator currently living in Indiana with his wife and kids. He's the author of A Peculiar Arrangement of Atoms: Stories, Still Life with Chattering Teeth and People-Shaped Things, and other stories, Elegiac Machinations: an experimental novella, and Bastard Virtues, a novel. Rooster Republic Press will publish his latest novel, Flesh Made World, later this year. Contact him at daultondickey[at]yahoo[dot]com.
The vaping trend seemingly knows no bounds as the first “cannabis” e-cigarette goes on sale in the UK tomorrow.
The KanaVape, which contains hemp, has been legalised for use in France by people with cancer, multiple sclerosis (MS) and other conditions requiring pain relief.
Its creators told The Independent it will go on sale around the world tomorrow but the Home Office has cast doubt on whether that would be legal, saying the product must be tested for controlled substances.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Antonin Cohen and Sebastien Beguerie said the KanaVape cannot be compared to a joint or spliff because it does not contain THC, the chemical credited with causing cannabis highs.
A statement on its website said the product is made from certified hemp, which contains far less of the chemical than marijuana, and “does not have any psychoactive or euphoric effect”.
It is one of more than 60 active “cannabinoids” in the plant, which have varying effects including relaxation and pain relief.
“We made KanaVape to give millions of people a legal and tasteful way of using cannabinoids,” Mr Cohen and Mr Beguerie said.
“We craft our production with love, care and scientific research. KanaVape is good for our customers and good for the planet.”
The website boasts that the vaporiser allows the enjoyment of the “original flavour” of hemp without the accompanying smoke or psychotic effects.
“Stay relaxed, keep a clear mind and an active lifestyle with KanaVape – anytime, anywhere,” it says. “It will not make you ‘high' but will help you relax.”
The hemp inside contains 5 per cent cannabidiol, which is being tested for medical applications around the world.
Licences are available to grow hemp in the UK and it can be legally sold in certain forms, including oil, paper and clothing.
A spokesperson for the Home Office said KanaVape would have to be tested for illegal substances before going on sale.
“Cannabis is classed as an illegal drug under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971,” he added.
"It is an offence to supply and possess a controlled drug and to supply any article believing it to be used for their administration.”
The Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency is responsible for approving products for medical use.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
(CNN) And just like that, everything is back to abnormal.
A night after delivering his Afghanistan plan in mostly sober, if not particularly illuminating language , President Donald Trump entertained his core supporters in Phoenix with a medley of the fiery, at times petulant and uncannily digressive rhetoric he rode to the White House last year.
The two Trumps dynamic should be, by now, a familiar one. A few winking flourishes aside, Trump on Monday night stuck to the script. But only a little more than 24 hours after he wrapped up at Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia, Trump returned to his natural state -- campaign mode, complete with protracted media bashing and a mostly forgotten teleprompter -- at a booming rally in Arizona.
Let's review.
Teleprompter Trump in Virginia: speaks of love and patriotism
"When one part of America hurts, we all hurt. And when one citizen suffers an injustice, we all suffer together. Loyalty to our nation demands loyalty to one another. Love for America requires love for all of its people."
Rally Trump: salutes his education, wealth and current office
"Now, you know, I was a good student. I always hear about the elite. You know, the elite. They're elite? I went to better schools than they did. I was a better student than they were. I live in a bigger, more beautiful apartment, and I live in the White House, too, which is really great."
Teleprompter Trump: salutes camaraderie in the military
"It's called the American family. They take the same oath, fight for the same flag, and live according to the same law. They're bound together by common purpose, mutual trust, and selfless devotion to our nation and to each other."
Rally Trump in Arizona: riffs at length on the 'bad people' in the 'dishonest media'
JUST WATCHED Trump: Media trying to take away our heritage Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump: Media trying to take away our heritage 01:13
"You're taxpaying Americans who love our nation, obey our laws, and care for our people. It's time to expose the crooked media deceptions, and to challenge the media for their role in fomenting divisions. And yes, by the way -- and yes, by the way, they are trying to take away our history and our heritage. You see that. And I say it, and you know, we're all pros. We're all, like, we have a certain sense. We're smart people. These are truly dishonest people. And not all of them. Not all of them. You have some very good reporters. You have some very fair journalists. But for the most part, honestly, these are really, really dishonest people, and they're bad people. And I really think they don't like our country. I really believe that. And I don't believe they're going to change, and that's why I do this. If they changed, I would never say it. The only people giving a platform to these hate groups is the media itself, and the fake news."
Teleprompter Trump: asks for unity, in honor of war veterans
"Let us make a simple promise to the men and women we ask to fight in our name, that when they return home from battle, they will find a country that has renewed the sacred bonds of love and loyalty that unite us together as one."
Rally Trump: hints a pardon for former Sheriff Joe Arpaio
"Do the people in this room like Sheriff Joe? Was Sheriff Joe convicted for doing his job? He should have had a jury but, you know what, but I'll make a prediction: I think he's going to be just fine, OK? But, but I won't do it tonight because I don't want to cause any controversy. Is that OK? But Sheriff Joe can feel good."
JUST WATCHED President Trump teases pardon of Joe Arpaio Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH President Trump teases pardon of Joe Arpaio 00:47
Note: Earlier in the day, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters , "I can tell you that there will be no discussion of (pardoning Arpaio, who was convicted of criminal contempt of court) today at any point, and no action will be taken on that front at any time today.
Teleprompter Trump: allows that he questioned his own assumptions
"My original instinct was to pull out. And historically, I like following my instincts. But all my life I've heard that decisions are much different when you sit behind the desk in the Oval Office, in other words, when you're president of the United States."
Rally Trump: threatens a government shutdown if he doesn't get a border wall
"Now the obstructionist Democrats would like us not to do it, but believe me if we have to close down our government, we're building that wall. Let me be very clear. to Democrats in Congress who oppose a border wall and stand in the way of border security. You are putting all of America's safety at risk."
Teleprompter Trump: closes with a note of grace
"With our resolve, we will ensure that your service and that your families will bring about the defeat of our enemies and the arrival of peace. We will push onward to victory with power in our hearts, courage in our souls, and everlasting pride in each and every one of you."
Rally Trump: attacks the movement to take down Confederate monuments
"Does anybody want George Washington's statue (taken down)? No. Is that sad, is that sad? To Lincoln to Teddy Roosevelt. I see they want to take Teddy Roosevelt's down too. They're trying to figure out why, they don't know. They're trying to take away our culture, they're trying to take away our history. And our weak leaders, they do it overnight."
Britain's National Archives Releases Documents Detailing Work Of 'UFO Desk'
Enlarge this image toggle caption The National Archives, U.K. The National Archives, U.K.
Britain's National Archives has released the ninth tranche of documents about the country's once secret "UFO desk."
According to The Guardian, the documents are the first to detail the inner workings of the team that operated under the country's Ministry of Defence.
The Guardian reports:
"Thousands of pages of highly classified files document how officials in the Ministry of Defence were worried they would be accused by the public of not taking UFOs seriously enough, and how some thought there really could be someone out there. 'It was important to appreciate that what is scientific "fact" today may not be true tomorrow,' a defence intelligence officer warned in August 1993. "He pointed out: 'It was only a few hundred years ago that 'scientists' believed that the Earth was the centre of the universe.' He added: 'It was generally agreed until early this century that the atom could not be split.'"
In a 1995 briefing by a UFO desk officer, he said the country needed to study UFO data as a matter of national security.
In the Archives' highlights document they write: "Under the heading 'possibilities' the author lists mass hallucinations, hoaxes, US Black Project aircraft, Russian or Chinese aircraft or Extra-Terrestrial visitors. He says there is no hard evidence for alien craft but says 'if the sightings are not of this earth then their purpose needs to be established as a matter of priority. There has been no apparently hostile intent and other possibilities are: a) military reconnaissance b) scientific c) tourism.'"
One detail of particular interest for us here is that Britain sought information from the United States about UFOs. The U.S. said they weren't interested. Again here's a bit from the Archives' highlights document (note we've hyperlinked to the large PDF files containing the pertinent record; and note that MoD stands for "Ministry of Defence"):
"DEFE 24/1985/1 (p239-40) contains a response by MoD to a US Air Force request for information on British UFO policy in 1965. MoD says 'our policy is to play down the subject and to avoid attaching undue attention to it', as a result there had never been any political pressure for an official study. In 1995, the UFO Desk asked RAF Air Attache in Washington to ascertain the US Department of Defense's line on UFOs. "In file DEFE 24/1985/1 (p81-82) the response says 'after posing the questions to a variety of staff [in HQ US Space Command] and receiving blank stares in return' he was referred to the Department of Defense's website which said the US had no interest in UFO reports, a policy which was 'consistent with our own, but they discourage approaches from the public rather more politely than we do.'" "Roswell "DEFE 24/1985/1 (p10) in January 1997 a Defence Intelligence official responded to a question on briefings given to MoD by CIA on Roswell incident and reports of 'crashed UFOs' stating 'we have no data on the alleged "Roswell incident" or any UAP/UFO crashes in either the UK or US and have never, as far as we can tell from existing files, received any briefings from any US agencies, including the CIA.'"
The BBC reports that the special UFO unit existed between 1950 to 2009. The British government began releasing documents about the program in 2008.
h/t: NPR's Wright Bryan.
Fringe returned last night with the episode “Back To Where You've Never Been.” It featured all the surprises, twists and turns we have come to love from the show, and from J. J. Abrams shows in general, while continuing to feel more satisfying than LOST in giving answers as well as raising questions.
While this post does contain spoilers inasmuch as it talks about a specific scene in the episode, it is not going to recap the episode in detail. Others do that well elsewhere. Instead, I would like to focus on one scene and reflect on its relationship to a major component of numerous religious traditions.
When Peter travels to the alternate universe, and meets that universe's version of his mother, she realizes it is him. However she became convinced that other universes exist, she says that after her own son Peter died, she took comfort from the knowledge that somewhere else there was a version of her son that survived, grew up, fell in love, and lived a happy and full life.
This struck me immediately as being akin to the comfort that many people take from belief in an afterlife – the belief that, even though a loved one has died, that person exists somewhere else and is happy.
I'm curious whether there are in fact people who eschew any traditional sort of belief in an afterlife, but take comfort from something based in scientific possibility, such as an infinite universe or a multiverse in which there are other versions of ourselves and those we love.
LOST fans may note that what Fringe is doing here appears to be the opposite of the final season of LOST, in a sense. There we saw what we thought was a parallel universe and it turned out to be an afterlife. Here we see an alternate universe and it is being thought of as providing comfort of the sort belief in an afterlife might.
All year long as Earth revolves around the sun, it passes through streams of cosmic debris. The resulting meteor showers can light up night skies from dusk to dawn, and if you're lucky you might be able to catch one.
If you spot a meteor shower, what you're really seeing is the leftovers of icy comets crashing into Earth's atmosphere. Comets are sort of like dirty snowballs: As they travel through the solar system, they leave behind a dusty trail of rocks and ice that lingers in space long after they leave. When Earth passes through these cascades of comet waste, the bits of debris — which can be as small as grains of sand — pierce the sky at such speeds that they burst, creating a celestial fireworks display.
A general rule of thumb with meteor showers: You are never watching the Earth cross into remnants from a comet's most recent orbit. Instead, the burning bits come from the previous pass. For example, during the Perseid meteor shower you are seeing meteors ejected from when its parent comet, Comet Swift-Tuttle, visited in 1862 or earlier, not from its most recent pass in 1992.
That's because it takes time for debris from a comet's orbit to drift into a position where it intersects with Earth's orbit, according to Bill Cooke, an astronomer with NASA's Meteoroid Environment Office, who spoke to The New York Times last year.
The name attached to a meteor shower is usually tied to the constellation in the sky from which they seem to originate, known as their radiant. For instance, the Orionid meteor shower can be found in the sky when stargazers have a good view of the Orion constellation.
The University of Notre Dame argued Wednesday that its police department isn't subject to Indiana's open records laws because it's acting under powers granted by the school's trustees, not the state, while ESPN said a department with the power to arrest should be subject to public scrutiny.
St. Joseph Superior Court Judge Steven Hostetler heard an hour of oral arguments in a lawsuit filed Jan. 15 on behalf of ESPN and reporter Paula Lavigne alleging the private school was violating Indiana's public record laws by withholding police incident reports about possible campus crimes involving certain student-athletes. The lawsuit doesn't specify what incident reports ESPN is seeking or which athletes may have been involved.
University attorney Damon Leichty said Notre Dame Security Police serve at the pleasure of the university's trustees. He also argued there was "legislative acquiescence" because Indiana lawmakers had known that for more than a decade the state's three previous state public access counselors had issued advisory opinions that Notre Dame police records weren't subject to the state's public records laws and hadn't done anything to change the laws.
Hostetler asked Leichty whether he was troubled that the Legislature also hadn't acted to change the law to protect Notre Dame after a new public access counselor ruled in October that its police department is a public law enforcement agency subject to public records laws.
"I'm not concerned. I think the General Assembly is aware that this is before the court," he said.
ESPN attorney James Dimos argued that only the state can confer power to make arrests.
"We believe this is a question of accountability over people with power to incarcerate," Dimos said.
Dimos also argued that just because previous public access counselors had ruled in favor of Notre Dame didn't mean a new counselor couldn't come to a different conclusion.
Hostetler asked whether ruling that the police department is subject to the state's public records law might be a "slippery slope" that eventually leads to all university records becoming public. He asked what such a ruling would that mean for charter schools or parochial schools.
Dimos said it would apply only to police records because the power to arrest comes only from the state.
Hostetler said he hopes to issue a decision by April 20.
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
In the early morning hours of October 23rd, 1988, the body of Tammy Thorpe, 20, was discovered off a gravel road outside Warrenton, Virginia.
According to police, Tammy was last seen around 3:00am driving her 1986 Pontiac Grand Am. The State Medical Examiner determined Tammy had been shot multiple times and evidence from the scene indicated a small caliber handgun was involved.
Tammy had been working as a secretary in Marshall at the time of her death.
In 2013, a Faquier County resident, who remains anonymous, raised the reward for information that leads to an arrest of the person or persons responsible for Tammy's murder to $30,000. In addition, there is a $1,000 reward for information leading to an arrest offered by Crime Solvers.
A profile completed by the FBI at Quantico concluded Tammy most likely knew the person who murdered her. Officials said in a 2013 press release that they know someone in Warrenton knows what happened, and they hope the added reward money will help bring them forward.
If you have any information that can help crack this cold case, please call the Fauquier Sheriff's Office at (540) 347-3300.
GOODS exports from Scotland grew by almost a fifth to reach £28 billion, new UK Government figures have revealed.
The rise in overseas sales was the highest for any country in the UK in the year to September 2017 - with the increase largely down to a £2.6 billion upturn in oil and gas exports.
The sector saw sales to other countries grow by 43.4%, contributing to an overall rise in exports from Scotland of 19.9%.
Scotland's increase in exports was ahead of Wales (18.9% up), England (14.1%) and Northern Ireland (13.3%).
The figures - the latest regional trade statistics from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) - showed Scotland experienced a 21.7% rise in goods being sold to the European Union.
Economy Secretary Keith Brown said the data reinforced the importance of remaining in the European single market.
He said: "HMRC regional trade statistics published today show that Scotland's annual goods exports are growing faster than the UK as a whole - up 19.9% on last year to a total of £28 billion.
"The increase in these returns was largely driven by an upturn in the fortunes of our oil and gas exports, which grew by 43.4% or £2.6 billion.
"Scotland's goods exports to the EU have also increased by 21.7% to £13.4 billion, further emphasising the vital importance of the EU single market - our largest trading partner - to our economic prosperity."
Mr Brown added: "The EU single market has removed barriers to trade and opened Scotland to a market of over 500 million people and 21 million small and medium-sized enterprises.
"Leaving the single market and customs union could potentially increase the cost of exporting to EU markets, reduce the country's attractiveness to overseas investors and impose restrictions on labour, thus increasing skills shortages and reducing productivity."
The first of a great series of PM Regional tournaments in Buford, Georgia that will take place at Galactic Quest For the longest time, Georgia has lacked a large, solely PM-focused Regional Tournament, but no more!Project Melee Singles$5Project Melee Doubles$10 (5 per person)Bring your own controller.Apex Ruleset.SETUPS! Everyone should know how important setups are by now. Having enough makes the tournament run as smooth as possible. The first 20 people to show up with one will get a nifty bracelet that allows them to get a free snack or two from Galactic Quest. That being said...Galactic Quest sells snacks and drinks if you get hungry; you are allowed to bring your own though. There are also fast food restaurants within a few minutes of the store. There's a KFC, McDonald's, Dunkin' Doughnuts, and Sugar Hill Subs all around. Just a little further out is an Arby's, Taco Bell and more, all within a 10 minute drive.The venue fee will be FREE for this first event thanks to your generous TOs, but once you get a taste and want to come back, you'll have to pay for that yourself!There will be Singles RR Pools, a Pro Bracket, and an Amateur Bracket for those who don't make it out of pools.Winner of Amateur Bracket gets their Singles entry money back!Tentative Schedule:11:00 AM, doors open to the public, registration for events.1:00 PM, registration for events ends, Doubles Bracket begins.2:00 PM, Singles Round Robin Pools begin, which will split into Amateur and Pro Brackets.Georgia is hungry to demonstrate it's might, and would love to take on another state in a crew battle, bring your best or fall like the rest!
Apple's AirPods are now on sale, after being delayed from their original October launch. The $159 wireless earbuds are currently listed as shipping later in December, and can be ordered here, as spotted by MacRumors. Apple previously said it needed “a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers,” although we still don't know the reason for the delay.
Apple AirPods review After a few months of delays, the final production version of AirPods is here, and I've finally had a chance to test them out.
In a press release, Apple says that the AirPods “will be shipping in limited quantities at launch,” and that brick-and-mortar stores “will receive regular AirPod shipments.” AirPods will start appearing at Apple Stores, “select” carrier stores, and authorized Apple retailers next week. They're launching in over 100 countries, including the US, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Mexico, and Japan.
The AirPods are a key accessory for the iPhone 7, one of the first major smartphones to ship without a headphone jack. They look almost identical to the company's old EarPods, but now connect via Bluetooth using a W1 wireless chip, not over wires. For $159, you'll get a pair of AirPods, a small charging case, and a Lightning-to-USB cable. They're supposed to deliver five hours of listening on a charge, and the case allows them to charge while stored in your bag. There's still no word on Apple's Beats X earbuds, which appear to be delayed until next year.
Update 9:25AM ET: Added availability statement from Apple.
Apple AirPods first look
Share. Amell on Heroes & Villains Fan Fest and bringing Legend of Tomorrow into a "a three-pronged attack" crossover. Amell on Heroes & Villains Fan Fest and bringing Legend of Tomorrow into a "a three-pronged attack" crossover.
There are a ton of comic book and superhero shows popping up on TV these days, but Arrow – now in Season 4 -- is one of the series that was integral in leading the way for this current boom. This coming weekend, on November 21st and 22nd, Arrow star Stephen Amell will be a part of the Heroes & Villains Fan Fest in San Jose, CA, a convention he helped bring together. The guest list includes several of Amell's Arrow costars, including Willa Holland, David Ramsey, Katie Cassidy, John Barrowman, Paul Blackthorne, Caity Lotz and Neal McDonough, plus the The Flash's Danielle Panabaker and Robbie Amell, Hayley Atwell (Agent Carter), Karen Gillan (Guardians of the Galaxy) and more.
I spoke to Amell about Fan Fest and the appeal of conventions and fan interaction for him. We also spoke about Arrow's current season, the addition of magic via new villain Damien Dahrk, Oliver and Felicity's recent status as an actual couple and the obstacles they face and the upcoming big Arrow/Flash crossover, which also includes several characters from the new spinoff, Legends of Tomorrow.
IGN TV: You've got Heroes & Villains Fan Fest coming up. You do a fair amount of convention appearances. Is it safe to say you enjoy the fan interactions they give you?
Stephen Amell: You know, I do. It's sort of part and parcel with what I try to do on my Facebook page. I am constantly amazed by the number of people that I meet and they bring up something specific that they posted on my page and I've responded to. To go from knowing these people in something that is a community but is still cyberspace, to actually seeing them in person is really cool. These things… San Diego Comic-Con being a prime example, that thing is a corporate machine now. A few years ago I went to something called Walker Stalker Con for, I guess the technical term would be the "zombie genre," but in actuality it was revolving almost entirely around the popularity of The Walking Dead. So the gentleman that organized that, James Frazier, I'd met him before. So he and I got on the phone, and I had the thought that The Walking Dead -- though it is incredibly popular, transcendently popular -- is just one show. I looked at the landscape, and I was like, "Well, in terms of superhero shows on television and just the concepts of heroes and villains in general, just in terms of comic book properties, there are like seven comic book properties on the air right now, and growing all the time." So from my perspective, I just thought there was a gap in the market where we could do a show that was very specific to this genre. And because we didn't have responsibility to do an overarching theme and we could be a bit more specific, we could create an experience that people would really enjoy.
IGN: As you mentioned, there are all these other comic book shows. Even looking at the schedule for who's going to be at this convention, there are some of your castmates and people from The Flash and Legends, and then there are people like Hayley Atwell from other shows altogether. Is it fun for you guys when you see each other at these events?
Amell: Oh yeah! I mean, I have comic con-specific relationships, where I only generally see them when I'm at these conventions - Hayley Atwell being one of them. I've met her a few times; I met her in Calgary and one other spot. I knew Arthur Darvill, who's going to be on Legends, from a convention before I even knew he was going to be on the show. Ironically, I think I've had an opportunity to talk with a couple of people who I've gotten to know through conventions, and they've ended up being part of our universe. So it's a nice networking opportunity, but really, everything begins and ends with the fans. And we thought we could create something that was going to be a unique fan experience and totally catered around the idea of, at least in the beginning, the comic book genre on TV.
IGN: And it just keeps growing, that world. There's so much coming.
Amell: Yeah, and we picked San Jose for a variety of reasons. Principally, because I knew the first show would be primarily populated with the cast of Arrow, Legends and Flash. So we wanted to pick a spot to make sure that if all of us have to work on Friday, we'll all be able to get there on Saturday. Same for the people who work in LA. So we have another one of these that's coming up in Newark, New Jersey in the new year, and the guest list has yet to be fully announced, but that one is going to be much more interactive in terms of people across different shows, and we'll still include some of the favorites from the one in San Jose. And hopefully everyone has a good experience in San Jose and wants to try it again.
IGN: I'm sure at these things there's got to be some sort of go-to questions you get from fans, which are to be expected. But is it interesting for you when someone will really ask a curveball question or an, "Oh, wow, I hadn't thought about that!" question, regarding Oliver or something about the show?
Amell: You know, that happens all the time, and it's almost always kids who ask that type of question. I was at a convention recently, and my response got a lot of play because the question was very straightforward. It was, "Why does Oliver love Felicity?" But I had to give a straightforward answer, because it was like an eight-year-old girl who asked the question! So it's not like I could be flippant and sort of dance around the question and give a sort of humorous response. It was more, this girl was legitimately asking and wanting to know, and I didn't know how literally she took the characters, so I had to give a very straightforward response. So that's not necessarily a curveball question, but you get great questions all the time, and they almost always come from kids. Like, the thing that I like on Facebook is, I'll have people that will make random requests, so they'll tell me that they're coming. I have a buddy who I've worked on my page with -- I post all the content on my Facebook page, but every once in awhile I'll see something scrolling through, and I'll just copy the link and send it to him and say, "Remind me, please." And before I go to an event, he'll give me a cheat sheet, and it will have names of people on it and things people have brought up, and I'll try to surprise them at the convention.
IGN: What you were saying about kids is so true. I've seen it at Star Wars conventions too, where you think you've heard all the questions and then a kid comes up and asks a great question that gets everyone going, "Whoa!"
Amell: And I don't know how they get to the front of the line, but they do, and their questions are always fantastic.
Continue to Page 2 as Amell talks about making Oliver lighter while not forgetting his history, Oliver and Felicity as a couple and this year's Arrow/Flash crossover.
Politicians are extraordinary people. Thus they are beyond many rules which apply to ordinary people. For example, a stint in jail is personally shameful and socially disastrous to the common man. It could mean a permanent blot on the reputation of the victim's family and lead to his ostracisation from the immediate society. More than one generation of his family have to live with the stigma and the burden of guilt. It is never easy to off-load these.
The case of the politician is different. A jail experience, for whatever crime, is a badge of honour for the leader. There is no sense of shame attached to it. It leaves the politician with no stigma or the risk of social boycott. Instead, it adds to the aura of the person, making him/her bigger than earlier. Check the case of Kanimozhi, member of Parliament and daughter of DMK chief M Karunanidhi, who was in jail for her alleged involvement in the 2G spectrum scam for many months.
A near non-entity in the party before her role in the Kalaignar TV-2G scam connection hit the headlines and the court decided to keep her behind bars, she has now been elevated to the party's top echelon, sharing the exalted space so far reserved for brothers Stalin and Azhagiri and of course, Karunanidhi himself. The party sought to make her release on bail an affair to remember and spared no effort to paint her as the victim-heroine.
Suresh Kalmadi, the prime accused in the Commonwealth Games scandal who was released on bail on Thursday after nine months of incarceration, has been offered take back his job as the chief of the Indian Olympic Association.
"Nobody in the IOA has objected to Kalmadi taking charge as the IOA president…It is up to Kalmadi to decide on what he wants to do. He has done a lot of good work as IOA president and was responsible for bringing the Commonwealth Games to India. It was a very successful event," IOA vice-president Tarlochan Singh was quoted in the Times of India.
The fact that he has been accused of involvement in serious scandals in the Games does not seem to worry many in the sporting establishment. It should not surprise if Kalmadi gets a rousing reception from supporters in Pune after his return and gets accommodated in the Congress organisation in due course of time. Just to remind you, both Kanimozhi and Kalmadi are out on bail. It does not mean acquittal by any stretch of imagination.
Why is a jail trip so different for politicians? It is turning out to be some kind of pilgrimage which washes all taint on them. In all religious faiths pilgrimage holds high significance. It means purification of the soul of the sinner. All his vices are forgiven after the spiritual experience and he returns to ordinary life as a reformed person. Our politicians are giving a different interpretation to the exercise altogether.
A few decades ago, the generation of freedom fighters were proud to claim that they had suffered the jail experience during their struggle against the Britishers. It was a genuine badge of honour since it indicated that they had made some sacrifice for the country. They had a cause and were happy to fight for it and face the consequences. Cut to now. How everything has changed! Politicians go to jail on charges of corruption – it means cheating the country and its people of money – yet they put up a brave face. There's no sense of shame at all in being treated as criminals.
They are known to be thick-skinned and it helps them to play the perception game by claiming they are in the clear and are being harassed for no reason. What is worrisome is the social, political acceptance of crime as a normal activity.
There's no social pressure on them to be ashamed of their act. This applies to politicians behind the bars on charges of murder and rape too. It is possible that crime is about perception and politicians are better equipped to manage perception than the ordinary folks. That is unfortunate. Societies need not have double or multiple standards on the corrupt and the criminal.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
A drug policy document, being debated by at a United Nations conference in New York, does not go far enough, associate health minister Peter Dunne says.
Photo: RNZ / Alexander Robertson
Mr Dunne is leading the New Zealand delegation to the three day conference - The United Nations General Assembly Special Session on the World Drug Problem - in which health ministers and heads of state from around world are discussing global drug policies.
The main themes include the death penalty, new psychoactive substances, the impact of technology on how drugs are sold and distributed around the world, and the shift in international drug policy from a legal model to health-centered one.
Mr Dunne told the General Assembly governments around the world were not responding fast enough to drug problems.
"Compared to global narcotic industries, we are moving at a glacial place, hamstrung by an outdated, overly punitive approach."
During his speech, Mr Dunne stressed the importance of not just talking, but finding ways to measure the problems associated with drugs and their impact on users, communities and countries.
The document under discussion was a small step forward, he said.
"At this stage, the sense I'm picking up from delegates is 'hmm, yeah it's in the right direction, but it could have been much bolder.'"
Mr Dunne said New Zealand regretted the lack of consensus on the issue of the death penalty for drug-related offences. "The death penalty has no place in civilised society, and blocking the inclusion of references to it not only does not change this, it does a disservice to those who seek to reduce harm from drugs," he said.
Leaders will debate the declaration over the next three days, despite it being ratified this morning.
On the eve of the meeting, more than 1000 world leaders and activists signed a letter organised by the Drug Policy Alliance urging the UN to set the stage for reform.
Executive director Ethan Nadelmann told Morning Report he expected a gradual shift towards legally taxing and regulating cannabis.
The main topics up for debate are the death penalty, new psychoactive substances, the impact of technology on how drugs are sold and distributed around the world and the shift in international drug policy from a legal model to a health-centered one.
Before his speech to the UN Mr Dunne described the conference and entire process as "a bit back-to-front".
"These things are really quite strange. What happens is over the last three years, we've been building to this point," he told RNZ News. "The declaration was actually agreed at a meeting in Vienna last month and one of the first items of business this morning was to ratify the document. Having ratified it and agreed on it, we now debate it."
Hillary Clinton's closest allies were shocked when news of her private email use first broke in March 2015, emails published by WikiLeaks on Tuesday show.
John Podesta, Clinton's campaign chair, and Neera Tanden, co-chair of Clinton's transition team, complained in an exchange written the day after the publication of the New York Times story that exposed her email use that Clinton's team should have made the server public more than a year earlier in order to avoid such a distraction during the presidential election.
"Why didn't they get this stuff out like 18 months ago? So crazy," Tanden said. Podesta agreed that their refusal to do so was "unbelievable."
"[I] guess I know the answer," Tanden replied. "[T]hey wanted to get away with it."
Podesta noted that David Kendall and Cheryl Mills, two of Clinton's lawyers, as well as former spokesman Philippe Reines "sure weren't forthcoming on the facts here."
Mills served as Clinton's chief of staff at the State Department.
In the conversation with Podesta, Tanden lamented the fact that Mills had not put a stop to the private server use during Clinton's State Department tenure.
"This is a [C]heryl special. Know you love her, but this stuff is like her Achilles heal. Or kryptonite. [S]he just can't say no to this shit," Tanden said.
Tanden, who also leads the liberal-leaning Center for American Progress, suggested Podesta arrange for the National Archives to request Clinton's emails and then have the former secretary of state comply "immediately" in order to put the story to bed.
The strategy "avoids subpeonas," she noted.
Clinton's private email use later led to an FBI investigation, an inspector general probe, several different congressional inquiries and a political controversy that threatens to live beyond Election Day.
The exchange between Podesta and Tanden, which suggests even Clinton's closest allies had no way to prepare for the email scandal, was obtained illegally from Podesta's inbox and provided to WikiLeaks. It is one of more than 31,000 records published by the whistleblower website to date.
The first $1 million Caplow Children's Prize was won by a Pakistani pediatrician who hopes to save hundreds of newborns in one Karachi neighborhood.
Dr. Anita Zaidi, one of the first doctors trained by Pakistan's Aga Khan University and who has additional degrees from Duke and Harvard, beat 550 other entries, including those from major charities like Doctors Without Borders.
The neighborhood she plans to help, Rehri Goth, is a fishing village facing a mangrove swamp. Even though it is within the borders of Pakistan's financial capital, one of the world's largest cities, its residents are so poor and so cut off from medical care that 11 percent of local children die before age 5 — usually during birth or in the first month after it.
“The population lives in scattered clusters and is very poorly linked to public transport,” Dr. Zaidi said. Most cannot afford any kind of private transportation, so mothers are forced to give birth at home. If a crisis like obstructed labor or hemorrhage develops, little can be done.
“Ever since the dawn of civilization,” Stephen Hawking wrote in his international bestseller A Brief History of Time, “people have not been content to see events as unconnected and inexplicable. They have craved an understanding of the underlying order in the world.”
In the quest for a unified, coherent description of all nature — a “theory of everything” — physicists have unearthed the taproots linking ever more disparate phenomena. With the law of universal gravitation, Isaac Newton wedded the fall of an apple to the orbits of the planets. Albert Einstein, in his theory of relativity, wove space and time into a single fabric, and showed how apples and planets fall along the fabric's curves. And today, all known elementary particles plug neatly into a mathematical structure called the Standard Model. But our physical theories remain riddled with disunions, holes and inconsistencies. These are the deep questions that must be answered in pursuit of the theory of everything.
Our map of the frontier of fundamental physics, built by the interactive developer Emily Fuhrman, weights questions roughly according to their importance in advancing the field. It seemed natural to give the greatest weight to the quest for a theory of quantum gravity, which would encompass general relativity and quantum mechanics in a single framework. In their day-to-day work, though, many physicists focus more on rooting out dark matter, solving the Standard Model's hierarchy problem, and pondering the goings-on in black holes, those mysterious swallowers of space and time. For each question, the map presents several proposed solutions. Relationships between these proposals form a network of ideas.
The map provides concise descriptions of highly complex theories; learn more by exploring the links to dozens of articles and videos, and vote for the ideas you find most elegant or promising. Finally, the map is extensive, but hardly exhaustive; proposed additions are welcome below.
Have you had asked yourself why you are not making commendable progress in your career or life in general? A tough question and I know you must be waiting for the answers. You may be one of those who sit in the comfort zone and waits for nature to take its cause. I know it may sound somehow harsh, but the world is rough. You have to take action and make decisions that you will have a positive impact on your life. The world is competitive, and people are learning new skills on a daily basis. The following are smart skills that will make you stand out from the rest.
Marketing skills
You may be the best software developer in your locality, but how do you let people know you? You must learn how to market and promote yourself to the outside world effectively. You can set up a blog, social media accounts or even attend seminars where you can market yourself. Marketing never ends, and that is why you will find big multinationals paying for adverts even when they are making huge sales. You should understand your target customers well and choose the best marketing channel that suits them.
Negotiation skills
Once in a while, potential employers will give an offer and that is where you need your negotiation skills. You have to evaluate whether the offer in question is worth your qualifications. Do not just sign the document blindly but study and understand every tiny detail within it. You also have to learn how to negotiate with suppliers to your business. You should make realistic delivery terms to ensure that you have lasting relationships. How do you handle customers who need to get your products or services at a lower price? The art of negotiation is very important when customers are bargaining. You should show the benefits of the products you are offering rather than their monetary value.
Technical skills
The world is changing and some of the skills you learned ten years ago may not be marketable today. You have to keep with the business dynamics and learn new skills that fit the modern world. Gone are the days when corporations would keep large files in cabinets. What if you learn something like cloud computing? Hiring managers will view you as a resource who can always manage data and negotiate on behalf of the company matters related to cloud computing. The number of technical skills that you can learn is unlimited but always ensure you take those that are related to your career. You can learn more about in-demand technical skills here.
Networking skills
You cannot succeed in this world alone. You need people you can connect with and share ideas that will make you grow. Every time a potential employer looks at you, he\ she will seek to know how you will help the company. Do you have networks that can benefit the company? Networks develop over time, and they depend on who you interact with and how you spend your time. If someone knows you on a personal level, then it is easy for such a person to help you.
Development skills
Your career development depends on the efforts you take. If you want to be the CEO in the next five years, you should take the necessary training to prepare yourself for the task. Things like big positions do not just pop up, but you have to work. Enroll in that new course or training or learn a new language to fit in. Everyone you interact with should be able to tell that you have taken the necessary steps warrant the position you are seeking.
Soft skills
Have you ever wondered why some people find it hard to make new friends while others can make meaningful conversations with total strangers? The ‘soft skills' is what defines you and how you approach different scenarios. Some of the key areas to that determine your personality are persuasiveness, diplomacy, passion, and communication. Soft skills differentiate you from the crowd and show people that you are someone that they can depend on.
Learning is a process, and it never ends. You will always be in demand when you combine all the above skills and learn new trends as they arise.
The history of zoophilia and bestiality begins in the prehistoric era, where depictions of humans and animals in a sexual context appear infrequently in European rock art.[1] Bestiality remained a theme in mythology and folklore through the classical period and into the Middle Ages (e.g. the Greek myth of Leda and the Swan)[2] and several ancient authors purported to document it as a regular, accepted practice—albeit usually in "other" cultures.
Explicit legal prohibition of human sexual contact with animals is a legacy of the Abrahamic religions:[2] the Hebrew Bible imposes the death penalty on both the person and animal involved in an act of bestiality.[3] There are several examples known from medieval Europe of people and animals executed for committing bestiality. With the Age of Enlightenment, bestiality was subsumed with other sexual "crimes against nature" into civil sodomy laws, usually remaining a capital crime.
Bestiality remains illegal in most countries. Arguments used to justify this includes: it is against religion, it is a "crime against nature," and that non-human animals cannot give consent and that sex with animals is inherently abusive.[4] In common with many paraphilias, the internet has allowed the formation of a zoophile community that has begun to lobby for zoophilia or zoosexuality to be considered an alternative sexuality and for the legalisation of bestiality.[5]
Prehistory [ edit ]
Depictions of human sexual activity with animals appear infrequently in prehistoric art. Possibly the oldest depiction, and the only known example from the Palaeolithic (prior to the domestication of animals), is found in the Vale do Côa in Portugal. It shows a man with an exaggerated, erect penis juxtaposed with a goat. However, there is some doubt that the two figures are contemporary; while the goat is depicted in characteristic palaeolithic style, the scene may have been altered in a later period with the insertion of the human figure.[6]
From the Neolithic onwards, images of zoophilia are slightly more common. Examples are found at Coren del Valento, a cave in Val Camonica, Italy, containing rock art dating from 10,000 BCE to as late as the Middle Ages, one depicting a man penetrating a horse,[7] and Sagaholm, a Bronze Age cairn in Sweden where several petroglyphs have been found with similar scenes.[8]
Classical antiquity [ edit ]
Satyr and Goat
Several Greek myths include the God Zeus seducing or abducting favoured mortals while in the form of an animal: Europa and the bull, Ganymede and the eagle, and Leda and the Swan.[2] Only the latter legend includes actual copulation between Leda and Zeus in his animal form, but depictions of this act, fairly uncommon in antiquity, became a popular motif in classicising Renaissance art, contributing to a lasting prominence in Western culture.[9]
Various classical writers recorded that bestiality was common in other cultures. Herodotus was followed by Pindar, Strabo and Plutarch[citation needed] in alleging that Egyptian women engaged in sexual relations with goats for religious and magical purposes - the animal aspects of Egyptian deities being particularly alien to the Greco–Roman world.[10][11] Conversely, Plutarch and Virgil make similar accusations of the Greeks, with Plutarch writing in his Discourse on the Reason of Beasts that they committed "very frequently and in many places great outrages, disorders and scandals against nature, in the matter of this pleasure of love; for there are men who have loved she-goats, sows and mares."
Despite their place in mythology and literature, actual acts of bestiality were probably as uncommon in antiquity as they are today.[2] Roman civil law, however, made no mention of it.[12] The explicit prohibition of and strict penalties for zoophilia universal in later European legal systems were derived from Jewish and Christian tradition.[2] The Hebrew Bible imposes the death penalty on both the human and animal parties involved in an act of bestiality: "if a man has sexual relations with an animal, he shall be put to death; and you shall kill the animal."[3] The Synod of Ancyra in 313–316 discussed the position of the church with regard to bestiality at length and two of the resulting twenty-five canons addressed it: the sixteenth canon described the penance and level of restrictions to be applied to various age groups for committing bestiality; the seventeenth canon prohibited all lepers from praying inside church if they had committed bestiality while they suffered from leprosy.[13]
Hittite law mandated the death penalty for intercourse with animals, excluding horses and mules (violators were instead barred from the priesthood and from approaching the king).[14]
Europe: Middle Ages [ edit ]
In the Church-oriented culture of the Middle Ages, zoosexual activity was met with execution, typically burning, and death to the animals involved either the same way or by hanging.[citation needed] Masters comments that:
"Theologians, bowing to Biblical prohibitions and basing their judgements on the conception of man as a spiritual being and of the animal as a merely carnal one, have regarded the same phenomenon as both a violation of Biblical edicts and a degradation of man, with the result that the act of bestiality has been castigated and anathematized [...]"[ citation needed ]
In 1468, Jean Beisse, accused of bestiality with a cow on one occasion and a goat on another, was first hanged, then burned. The animals involved were also burned. In 1539, Guillaume Garnier, charged with intercourse with a female dog (described as "sodomy"), was ordered strangled after he confessed under torture. The dog was burned, along with the trial records which were "too horrible and potentially dangerous to be permitted to exist" (Masters). In 1601, Claudine de Culam, a young girl of sixteen, was convicted of copulating with a dog. Both the girl and the dog were first hanged, and finally burned. In 1735, François Borniche was charged with sexual intercourse with animals. It was greatly feared that "his infamous debauches may corrupt the young men." He was imprisoned, and there is no record of his release.[citation needed]
On the other hand, other accounts are more possibly fictitious, such as Pietro Damiani's, who in his "De bono religiosi status et variorum animatium tropologia" (11th century) tells of a Count Gulielmus whose pet ape became his wife's lover. One day the ape became "mad with jealousy" on seeing the count lying with his wife that it fatally attacked him. Damiani claims he was told about this incident by Pope Alexander II and shown an offspring claimed to be that of the ape and woman. (Illustrated Book of Sexual Records)[citation needed]
Clergyman and chronicler Gerald of Wales claimed to have witnessed a man having intercourse with a horse as part of a pagan ritual in Ireland.[15][16]
Although thousands of female witches were accused of having sex with animals, usually said to be the Devil in animal form or their familiars, court records available in Europe and the United States, dating back to the 14th century and continuing into the 20th century, nearly always show males, rather than females, as the human parties in court cases. (Encyclopedia of Human Sexuality, Humboldt University)[citation needed]
French Revolution and liberalization [ edit ]
From at least the 13th century and until the French Revolution, French criminal law had theoretically punished bestiality with death (burning at the stake), although in practice law courts only occasionally meted out that penalty. When the revolutionary politicians of the National Constituent Assembly set out to remake French government and society, their reforms included new criminal laws liberalizing sexual activities, which inspired by ideas of the 18th-century Enlightenment. In 1791, Louis-Michel Le Peletier de Saint-Fargeau presented a newly drafted penal code to the National Constituent Assembly. He explained that it outlawed only "true crimes" and not "phoney offenses, created by superstition, feudalism, the tax system, and [royal] despotism." Zoophilia was not mentioned in the new Penal Code (promulgated September 26-October 6, 1791) and thus decriminalized it.[17][18]
In 1810, the French Penal Code of 1810 was enacted as part of Napoleonic Code of the First French Empire. After that time the subject of bestiality was not included in civil code of France, Italy, Spain, Portugal, Romania, Belgium, and the Netherlands. In 19th-century France, bestiality became an organized practice, and at the time of Napoleon III, bestiality was said to have been one of the allied activities of the Society for the Advancement of Sodomy, which met regularly in the allée des Veuves.[18]
In 1835, the Russian Empire criminalized skotolozhstvo (bestiality) in the country. In 1845, the Russian Empire merged both muzhelozhstvo and skotolozhstvo statues together into a single statue prohibiting protivoestestvennye poroki (vices contrary to nature).[19] On August 20, 1848, Norway adopted new penal codes which replaced a 1687 law that implemented the capital punishment by burning for "intercourse which is against nature" (bestiality) and reduced the punishment for engaging in bestiality from capital punishment to a sentence of hard labor of the fifth degree.[20]
In 1855, the German physician Wilhelm Gollmann claimed that sodomy was initially committed by shepherds. He adds that shepherds were drawn to this method of pleasure for the "want of more natural opportunities." Gollmann then prejudicially attacks Sicilians, whom he claims commit zoophilia against goats. According to Blumenbach, the females of Guinea commit indecent acts against monkeys. Gollmann finalizes his dubious claims with his assertion that Iranians commit acts against donkeys as a cure for coxalgia.[21]
In 1852, the Austrian Empire enacted § 130 which criminalized bestiality with a maximum of five years in prison. About fifty people were convicted annually due to the law.[22] In 1861, the Offences against the Person Act 1861 lowered the criminal penalty of buggery in the United Kingdom from the death penalty to life in prison.[18] On February 10, 1866, Denmark (including Greenland and Faroes) adopted new penal codes which replaced a 1683 law that implemented the death penalty at the stake by means of royal pardon for "intercourse against nature" (bestiality) and reduced the punishment for engaging in bestiality from capital punishment to a sentence of hard labor ranging from about eight months to six years, which was further reduced with about one third if the penalty was served in solitude.[20] On June 25, 1869, Iceland adopted a new penal code that replaced a 13th-century law mandating death by burning for "intercourse which is against nature" (bestiality) to a punishment of work in a house of correction.[20]
On May 15, 1871, the German Empire enacted Paragraph 175 into the “Reichs-Criminal Code” (RStGB) which outlawed zoophilia and punished it by imprisonment.[22][23] In 1878, the penal code of the Kingdom of Hungary criminalized bestiality with a maximum of one year in prison.[18] Sweden, in 1864, and Grand Duchy of Finland, on December 19, 1889, adopted new penal codes replacing and a 1734 penal code, which applied to both countries and criminalized bestiality with being burnt at the stake. The 1864 Swedish law punished "fornication with animals" (bestiality) with two years hard labor, while the 1889 Finished law punished bestiality with imprisonment for two years.[20]
De Figuris Veneris (1906) Plate XVII by Édouard-Henri Avril,(1906)
On June 28, 1935, Nazi Germany enacted legislation that created a separate category in Paragraph 175 for "fornication with animals" and penalized with up to five years in prison.[22] In 1949, East Germany was created and the country never considered bestiality an offense during the country's existence.[18] Zoophilia was exempt from punishment in over 80% of European countries in the 1950s.[24]
During the 20th century, zoophilia was legalized in the Russian Empire in 1903,[19] in Denmark (including Greenland and Faroes) on January 1, 1933,[20][25] in Iceland on August 12, 1940,[20] in Sweden in 1944,[26] in Hungarian People's Republic in 1961, in West Germany in 1969,[22] in Austria in 1971,[22] in Finland on January 15, 1971,[20][27] and Norway on April 21, 1972.[20]
In 2003, the Sexual Offences Act 2003 lowered the criminal penalty of bestiality in the United Kingdom from life in prison to two years in prison.[28]
In 2006, Denmark's Council for Animal Ethics said there was no need to ban bestiality unless it took place in pornographic films or sex shows. Only one of the 10 members of the council, set up by the Danish Justice Ministry to establish and uphold animal ethics, wanted bestiality expressly prohibited. The other members said current laws provided enough animal protection.[29] Denmark outlawed bestiality in 2015 after all parties except the Liberal Alliance voted in support of a ban, leaving Hungary, Finland and Romania as the only European Union countries without bans on bestiality.[30]
During the 21st century, zoophilia was re-criminalized in the following countries or territories: Iowa (illegal since 2001),[31] Maine (illegal since 2001),[32] Oregon (illegal since 2001),[33] Illinois (illegal since January 1, 2003),[34][35] Maryland (illegal since October 1, 2002),[36][37] South Dakota (illegal since July 1, 2003),[38][39][40] France (illegal since March 10, 2004),[41] Washington (illegal since June 7, 2006),[42][43] Arizona (illegal since September 21, 2006),[44][45][46] Belgium (illegal since May 11, 2007),[47][48][49] Colorado (illegal since July 1, 2007),[50][51][52] Indiana (illegal since July 1, 2007),[53][54] Tennessee (illegal since July 1, 2007),[55][56] Netherlands (illegal since 2010),[57] Norway (illegal since January 1, 2010),[58] Alaska (illegal since September 13, 2010),[59][60] Australian Capital Territory (illegal since 2011),[61] Florida (illegal since October 1, 2011),[62][63][64] Germany (illegal since 2013),[65] Sweden (illegal since January 1, 2014),[66] and Denmark (illegal since April 2015).[30]
When Germany passed a law banning zoophilia in 2013, the zoophile community protested and filed a suit against the government saying the law violated their rights. A few months later, ZETA, a German zoophile-rights group, put together a march that would make its way through the street of Berlin.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
As a sparkling new building is unveiled for the Museum of Art, Architecture and Technology in Lisbon, Artistic Director Pedro Gadanho introduces a sharply conceived exhibition program.
MAAT's VIP opening on Sunday night inaugurated a four-day-long celebration, which culminates in the official grand opening for the city's residents tomorrow. The focus of festivities is the sparkling white Amanda Levete Architects-designed building that swoops low and lusciously curving along the edge of the Tagus River in Belém.
Together with the existing Central Tejo building—housed in a former power station—it will give MAAT eight flexible spaces for a shifting program of projects and exhibitions.
Gadanho came to MAAT hot off a four-year curatorial stint at MoMA's architecture department. His initial training as an architect diverted into postgraduate studies in Art and Architecture, pitching Gadanho from the black-clad echelons of the architecture community into the grassroots of Lisbon's arts world. As a result, his knowledge of the city's creative scene and boisterous notions of how to stimulate it are compelling.
“One of the complaints that I used to hear from people was that when they came to Lisbon, they didn't know where they could see Portuguese artists and their work,” Gadanho explained, nodding toward (of course) Hans Ulrich Obrist as one source of the said complaint. One of his roles, thus, will be to maintain balance between travelling exhibitions, commissions from major international artists, and exhibitions dedicated to art from Portugal, whether by early career artists or established names.
MAAT will nurture Portuguese curatorial talents as well as new work. “All the young curators working in Portugal left!” explains Ines Grosso, who, together with Ana Anacleto forms Gadanho's in-house curatorial team. “We have many spaces, so we need a lot of curators.” Grosso herself comes fresh from a four-year stint at Inhotim, which has fired her with enthusiasm for works by artists from Brazil and Latin America, as well as relish for the long, involved working practice that comes with large-scale complex commissions.
Such commissions will be the most visible (and visited) part of MAAT's programming. Immediately below the entrance of the new building, and visible from a long walkway that curves around its edge, is the 1000 square meter Oval gallery. As with the Turbine Hall of Tate Modern, the Oval will host site-specific commissions and adapted works, and will remain unticketed. Dominique Gonzalez-Foerster's Pynchon Park—a human zoo dressed with brightly coloured exercise balls and polychrome book-shapes stitched from sheets of carpeting—is the inaugural commission.
With lighting adjusted to cycle through an artificial night and day over the course of 24-minutes, and meshed gates that randomly locked and unlocked, Pynchon Park established MAAT's underlying territory of interest: the conceptual interplay between art, architecture, and technology.
“There are sections of contemporary art that approach art from a contemplative perspective,” says Gadanho. “For me it's more important as a critical device to trigger reflection on our current situation… In the program, we use architecture and technology as a way of focusing certain aspects within contemporary art.”
Entirely funded by the EDP Foundation—the philanthropic arm of Portugal's electricity supplier, and the largest company in the country—the structural and technological edge to MAAT's art programming has an evident root. Until June of this year, Central Tejo was a museum of electricity, and the building still houses educational displays and mannequins posed shovelling coal into the old boilers in the basement.
Gadanho's desire to disrupt the site's didactic overtones is evident from the current show in the adjacent Project Space. Edgar Martin's Siloquies and Soliloquies on Death Life and other Interludes, combines scanned photograph and text from the old archives of Lisbon's INMLCF pathology facility with the artist's own photographs, and texts purloined from other sources. The result is one of creeping suggestion, with a constant overtone of violent death souring even the most apparently innocent image.
On the ground floor of Central Tejo, one principle gallery will draw on the EDP Foundation's collections of Portuguese contemporary art, alternating group shows with mid career surveys. The collection has been acquired only over the last decade, and includes some 1,000 works dating from the 1960s to the present day. Acquisition is ongoing, and will be integrated with the curatorial strategy for each show.
Second Nature, the opening exhibition, includes new acquisitions from Alberto Carneiro and Gabriela Albergaria, and explores the tension between nature and culture, whether in the tradition of landscape painting, the decorative use of nature themes, or manipulation of plants in the creation of gardens. Highlights included João Grama's ultra-dark photographs of illegal trapping devices (Ovício da Terra, 2015/16); and Manuela Bapstista's Falesia 2 (1968-70), a slice of fibreglass mountainside coloured artificial yellow.
During its opening week, MAAT's new building will host performances and temporary works by artists and musicians including Semiconductor, Haroon Mirza, Ryoji Ikeda, Zebra Katz, and Von Calhau. The program proper will kick off in March 2017 with the large group exhibition Utopia/Dystopia part II curated by Gadanho alongside João Laia (responsible for Hyperconnected, the standout show of this year's Moscow Young Art Biennial) and Susana Ventura. The wide-ranging show will feature architectural projects from Archigram, Yona Friedman, and Rem Koolhaas alongside the work of artists such as Cyprien Gaillard and Hito Steyerl.
One could enthuse at length about the site, the buildings, and the beauty of the evening light, but what makes MAAT exciting right now is Gadanho and his team. At first encounter, they make for a blistering combination: a fierce and uncompromising curatorial vision with the intimate knowledge of an underexposed local scene with which to make it happen.
The MAAT museum opens to the public tomorrow in Lisbon.
Follow artnet News on Facebook:
The NFL does things a bit differently.
At least the modern NFL that is.
The Houston Texans signed Brock Osweiler to a $72 million contract, $37 million of it guaranteed, before the 6'7 quarterback ever met with head coach, Bill O' Brien.
Bill O'Brien says first time he ever actually met Osweiler was when he first walked in the building for the introductory press conference. — Peter Schrager (@PSchrags) March 22, 2016
Wait, what?
I thought first impressions were everything? It takes roughly seven seconds of meeting someone to make major decisions about that person. Most of those decisions are based on nonverbal cues, which hold over four times more weight than verbal cues.
How can you sign a player to a multi-million dollar deal without that player having any kind of interaction with the gatekeeper to his success?
At the very minimum a seven second meet-and-greet before “I”s are dotted and “T”s are crossed, no?
Apparently not.
According to Mike Florio of NBC sports, this is a fairly common practice in the NFL. “The league tampering period almost encourages this type of deal-making,” he writes. “with agents negotiating contracts that technically are unenforceable agreements in principle but that almost always become binding business arrangements without the principals ever shaking hands or exchanging pleasantries.”
Although O'Brien did not formally meet with Osweiler before the Texans offered him a contract, he has had his eyes on the 25-year old quarterback out of Arizona State.
Bill O'Brien had Osweiler at the top of his free agent list since January. He and Rick Smith agreed they would pursue him if available. — John McClain (@McClain_on_NFL) March 27, 2016
Some might find it odd, but signing players to large contracts without them meeting the head coach is becoming a normality in the NFL.
The Broncos will host Brock Osweiler and the Texans this upcoming season.
Story highlights Four bodies recovered
246 survivors rescued
100 are unaccounted for
Rescuers scanning the waters off the east coast of Papua New Guinea after a ferry sank found four bodies, authorities said Saturday.
Capt. Nurur Rahman, rescue coordinator for the National Maritime Safety Authority, said the bodies were recovered since rescue operations resumed earlier Saturday.
Some 246 survivors have been rescued in the aftermath of the sinking of the passenger ferry.
Nine aircraft were being used in the search for the more than 100 people who remained unaccounted for.
About 350 people were aboard the MV Rabaul Queen when it sank, Rahman said.
JUST WATCHED Hundreds rescued as PNG ferry sinks Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Hundreds rescued as PNG ferry sinks 01:37
JUST WATCHED Hundreds rescued from ferry sinking Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Hundreds rescued from ferry sinking 02:02
The Rabaul Queen went down about 16 kilometers (10 miles) off Cape Fortification in the Vitiaz Strait after getting into trouble early Thursday, officials said. It was ferrying passengers from the town of Kimbe on New Britain Island to Lae when it got into difficulty.
"Taking ferries is the most economic method of transport for people traveling between the islands and the mainland," Rahman told CNN Friday. "What I understand from local media is that a lot of students and their parents were traveling to schools that recently reopened on the mainland."
Jurgen Ruh, the chief executive of Manolos Aviation Ltd. in Lae, was in one of the helicopters that helped with the rescue effort.
He said he saw about 10 life rafts, each carrying roughly 10 people, the first time his helicopter flew overhead, he said. But, when the helicopter returned to the area after refueling, no more survivors were spotted.
It is likely the weather was a contributing factor in the ferry's sinking, Ruh said, as there were high winds at the time in what is a notoriously dangerous area.
Papua New Guinea had a population of 6.7 million in 2010, the U.S. State Department says, with about 190,000 people living in Lae. Most of the population is scattered in small settlements across the state's many islands.
A BK-tree is a tree data structure specialized to index data in a metric space. A metric space is essentially a set of objects which we equip with a distance function \(d(a, b)\) for every pair of elements \((a, b)\). This distance function must satisfy a set of axioms in order to ensure it's well-behaved. The exact reason why this is required will be explained in the "Search" paragraph below.
The BK-tree data structure was proposed by Burkhard and Keller in 1973 as a solution to the problem of searching a set of keys to find a key which is closest to a given query key. The naive way to solve this problem is to simply compare the query key with every element of the set; if the comparison is done in constant time, this solution is \(O(n)\). On the other hand, a BK-tree is likely to allow fewer comparisons to be made.
Construction of the tree
BK-tree is defined in the following way. An arbitrary element \(a\) is selected as root. Root may have zero or more sub-trees. The \(k\)-th sub-tree is recursively built of all elements \(b\) such that \(d(a,b) = k\).
To see how to construct a BK-tree, let's use a real scenario. We have a dictionary of words and we want to find those that are most similar to a given query word. To gauge how similar two words are, we are going to use the Levenshtein distance. Essentially, it's the minimum number of single-character edits (which can be insertions, deletions or substitutions) required to mutate one word into the other. For example, the distance between "soccer" and "otter" is \(3\), because we can change the first one into the other by deleting the leading s, and then substituting the two central c's with two t's.
Let's use the dictionary
{'some', 'soft', 'same', 'mole', 'soda', 'salmon'}
To construct the tree, we first choose any word as the root node, and then add the other words by calculating their distance from the root. In our case, we can choose "some" to be the root element. Then, after adding the two subsequent words the tree would look like this:
because the distance between "some" and "same" is \(1\) and the distance between "some" and "soft" is \(2\). Now, let's add the next word, "mole". Observe that the distance between "mole" and "some" is again \(2\), so we add it to the tree as a child of "soft", with an edge corresponding to their distance. After adding all the words we obtain the following tree:
Search
Remember that the original problem was to find all the words closest to a given query word. Call \(N\) the maximum allowed distance (which we'll call radius). The algorithm proceeds as follows:
create a candidates list and add the root node to it take a candidate, compute its distance \(D\) from the query key and compare it with the radius; selection criterion: add to the candidates list all the children of the current node that, from their parent, have a distance between \(D - N\) and \(D + N\) (inclusive).
Suppose we want to find all the words in our dictionary that are no more distant than \(N = 2\) from the word "sort". Our only candidate is the root node "some". We start by computing
\[D = \mathop{\mathrm{Levenshtein}}(\text{`sort'}, \text{`some'}) = 2\]
Since the radius is \(2,\) we add "some" to the list of results. Then we extend our candidates list with all the children that have a distance from the root node between \(D - N = 0\) and \(D + N = 4\). In this case, all the children satisfy this condition. Moving on, we compute
\[D = \mathop{\mathrm{Levenshtein}}(\text{`sort'}, \text{`same'}) = 3\]
Since \(D > N\), this node is not a result and we move on to "soft"; now
\[D = \mathop{\mathrm{Levenshtein}}(\text{`sort'}, \text{`soft'}) = 1\]
Hence "soft" is an acceptable result. Regarding its children, we take those that have a distance between \(D - N = -1\) and \(D + N = 3\). Again, all of them, but only "soda" is a valid result. Finally, "salmon" is not acceptable. If we sort our results by distance we end up with the following:
[(1, 'soft'), (2, 'some'), (2, 'soda')]
Why does it work?
It's interesting to understand why we are allowed to prune all the children that do not meet the criterion we gave above in point \(3\). In the introduction we said that our distance function \(d\) must satisfy a set of axioms in order for us to obtain the metric space structure. Those axioms are the following. For all elements \(a,b,c\) it must hold:
non-negativity: \(d(a, b) \ge 0\) ; \(d(a, b) = 0\) implies \(a = b\) (and vice-versa); symmetry: \(d(a, b) = d(b, a)\) triangle inequality: \(d(a, b) \le d(a, c) + d(c, b)\) .
The first three are just a formalization of our intuitive notion of "distance", while the last one derives from the relation between sides of a triangle in Euclidean geometry. This is often the most difficult property to demonstrate when we want to prove that a generic distance is actually a metric. As it turns out, the Levenshtein distance satisfies this property and therefore it's a metric. This is why we can use it in the examples above.
Let's call the query key \(\bar x\). Suppose we are evaluating the child \(B\) of an arbitrary node \(A\) inside the tree, which we calculated to be at a distance \(D = d(\bar x, A)\) from the query key. This situation is summarized in the following figure:
Since we assumed that \(d\) is a metric, by the triangle inequality we have
\[d(A, B) \le d(A, \bar x) + d(\bar x, B)\]
from which
\[d(\bar x, B) \ge d(A, B) - d(A, \bar x) = x - D.\]
Using the triangle inequality again, this time with \(d(A, \bar x)\) and \(B\), we obtain
\[d(\bar x, B) \ge d(A, \bar x) - d(A, B) = D - x\]
Since we are only interested in nodes that are at a distance at most \(N\) from the query key \(\bar x\), we impose the constraint \(d(\bar x, B) \le N\). This translates to
\[\begin{cases}x - D \le N\\D - x \le N\end{cases}\]
which is equivalent to
\[D - N \le x \le D + N\]
We have proved that if \(d\) is a metric, we can safely discard nodes that do not meet the above criteria. Finally, note that every child of \(B\) will be at a distance of \(x\) from \(A\) (by construction of the BK-tree) and therefore we can safely prune the whole sub-tree if \(B\) alone does not meet the criterion.
Implementation
This data structure is easy to implement in Python, if we use dictionaries to represent edges.
from collections import deque class BKTree: def __init__(self, distance_func): self._tree = None self._distance_func = distance_func def add(self, node): if self._tree is None: self._tree = (node, {}) return current, children = self._tree while True: dist = self._distance_func(node, current) target = children.get(dist) if target is None: children[dist] = (node, {}) break current, children = target def search(self, node, radius): if self._tree is None: return [] candidates = deque([self._tree]) result = [] while candidates: candidate, children = candidates.popleft() dist = self._distance_func(node, candidate) if dist <= radius: result.append((dist, candidate)) low, high = dist - radius, dist + radius candidates.extend(c for d, c in children.items() if low <= d <= high) return result
The implementation is pretty straightforward and adheres completely to the algorithm we explained above. A few comments:
there's no need to add a root argument to the __init__ method, since any element can be a root node. In our case the first one added will become root;
argument to the method, since any element can be a root node. In our case the first one added will become root; why is deque even needed? At first I used a set , only to see it fail because dictionaries aren't hashable. We need another data structure that allows \(O(1)\) popping and linear insertion. Built-in deque , being a doubly-linked list, is a natural fit.
Conclusion
The BK-tree is a relatively lesser-known data structure suitable for nearest neighbor search (NNS). It allows a considerable reduction of the search space, if the distance we are working with is a metric. In practice, the speed improvement we get from pruning sub-trees heavily depends on the search space and the radius we select. This is why some experimentation is usually needed for the problem at hand. One area in which BK-tree does well is spell-checking: as long as one keeps the radius to \(1\) or \(2\) the search space is often reduced to under \(10\%\) of the original.
Introducing Transparen-she… A Way For Women To Disappear So Their Clothes Won't Upset Anybody
Following a summer filled with debates over what women and girls should or shouldn't be wearing, Vox's Liz Plank has come up with the most brilliant solution to the ongoing body shaming epidemic. Introducing the Transparen-she… a way for women to disappear so their clothes won't upset anybody.
“Being a modern woman is hard work,” Liz explains. “Who has the time to navigate society's contradictory standards of modesty?”
Well, worry no more! According to this infomercial, the Transparen-she is quite simple… “it makes your body invisible, so that you can live free of judgment and no longer receive unsolicited opinions about your body.”
If you order now, Liz will throw in a Transparane-she mini to cover your face so people can't tell if you're wearing too much makeup or too little makeup. “It's like having male privilege right inside your pocket!”
Better get one now, it's likely to be the most sought after accessory for fall.
Associated Press Here's an interesting report from Pakistan's daily newspaper The Nation.
It cites a Russian regulatory agency as saying that the US is currently having a major nuclear emergency at the flooded plant in Nebraska and that the Obama Administration is trying to cover it up.
The Russian report describes the Nebraska situation as one of the worst nuclear accidents in the history of the United States.
Bear in mind that this report comes from Russia and Pakistan--two countries that aren't particularly happy with Obama right now.
But the FAA has enacted a no-fly zone over the Fort Calhoun nuke plant, which was damaged by a fire and flooding from the Missouri river.
Here's the report from The Nation:
A shocking report prepared by Russia's Federal Atomic Energy Agency (FAAE) on information provided to them by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) states that the Obama regime has ordered a "total and complete" news blackout relating to any information regarding the near catastrophic meltdown of the Fort Calhoun Nuclear Power Plant located in Nebraska.
According to this report, the Fort Calhoun Nuclear Plant suffered a "catastrophic loss of cooling" to one of its idle spent fuel rod pools on 7 June after this plant was deluged with water caused by the historic flooding of the Missouri River which resulted in a fire causing the Federal Aviation Agency (FAA) to issue a "no-fly ban" over the area.
Located about 20 minutes outside downtown Omaha, the largest city in Nebraska, the Fort Calhoun Nuclear Plant is owned by Omaha Public Power District (OPPD) who on their website denies their plant is at a "Level 4" emergency by stating: "This terminology is not accurate, and is not how emergencies at nuclear power plants are classified."
Russian atomic scientists in this FAAE report, however, say that this OPPD statement is an "outright falsehood" as all nuclear plants in the world operate under the guidelines of the International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale (INES) which clearly states the "events" occurring at the Fort Calhoun Nuclear Power Plant do, indeed, put it in the "Level 4" emergency category of an "accident with local consequences" thus making this one of the worst nuclear accidents in US history.
Though this report confirms independent readings in the United States of "negligible release of nuclear gasses" related to this accident it warns that by the Obama regimes censoring of this event for "political purposes" it risks a "serious blowback" from the American public should they gain knowledge of this being hidden from them.
Read the whole thing >
And here are the latest details we have on the nuclear plant.
Recent A.I. breakthroughs have cracked the code on voice, and in perhaps 18 months, machines will be able to follow spoken instructions even better than humans do, according to Tuttle.
Read More US workers' latest competition: The robot
Tuttle says as a result, more and more household items such as TVs, lights and thermostats will be able to take voice commands.
"By 2020, there will be 3 billion of these devices all around and fewer than 5 percent of these devices will have keyboards. This means that if you want to have rich interaction with your device, speech recognition is critical. The good news is that the technology is keeping pace, and speech recognition technology and understanding is so good, we're going to rely on it everyday," Tuttle said.
Tuttle believes voice-driven computing will be a $40 billion per-year market opportunity that is up for grabs, and by 2020, 200 billion searches per month will be done using voice.
Read MoreStephen Hawking warns A.I. threatens mankind
Scientists at the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), in Pasadena, California, announce that work has begun on repairing an iconic antenna of the American space agency. Used for the past 40 years for keeping in touch, and keeping track with deep-space missions, including those on Mars, the famous equipment now needs to have some of its parts changed. The modifications are not done willingly, but wear is beginning to hinder the good operation of the instrument, which is something that officials would have none of.
The scientific payload is situated at the Goldstone, California-based NASA Deep Space Network. The Mars antenna is gigantic, featuring a 70-meter (230-foot) dish. It is used primarily for sending and receiving signals to and from orbiters, landers and weather stations on Mars, but it can contact other spacecrafts as well, if the need arises. Now, a small portion of its hydrostatic bearing assembly needs fixing, and the task is a lot more expensive and complex than it would appear at first glance. The assembly is absolutely crucial for the antenna's ability to rotate horizontally.
“This antenna has been a workhorse for NASA/JPL for over 40 years. It has provided a critical lifeline to dozens of missions, while enabling scientific results that have enriched the hearts and minds of generations. We want it to continue doing so,” says JPL Deep Space Network Project Manager, Alaudin Bhanji. He adds that the new repairs will last for about 20 years, and that they will cost abut $1.25 million. There is some pretty tricky engineering in raising a weight of 4 million kilograms (9 million pounds) by about 0.2 inches (5 centimeters), so that experts can change the necessary pieces.
“As with any large, rotating structure that has operated almost 24 hours per day, seven days per week for over 40 years, we eventually have to replace major elements. We need to replace those worn parts so we can get another 20 years of valuable service from this national treasure,” says the JPL Deputy Project Manager for the network, Wayne Sible. He highlights the fact that it was this antenna that captured Neil Armstrong's famous message sent from the Moon, and which kept an eye on missions such as Pioneer, Cassini and the Mars Exploration Rovers (MER). All that stands in the way of accurate studies now is a degrading thin film of oil, which needs to be changed.
“The runner replacement task has been in development for close to two years. We've been testing and evaluating modern epoxy grouts, which were unavailable when the antenna was built, updating the design of the runner and designing a replacement process that has to be performed without completely disassembling the antenna. We've had to make sure we've reviewed it for practicality and safety,” concludes antenna maintenance expert Peter Hames, also from the JPL.
A mission to study below the surface of Mars will have to wait another two years, NASA announced Wednesday.
The InSight was postponed in December, when NASA realized that leaks in a vacuum enclosure housing a key instrument were too serious to be fixed by the scheduled March 2016 launch date. NASA will wait until Earth and Mars are close enough in orbit to allow for a short six-month trip by the InSight.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The new launch window begins May 5, 2018 with a Mars landing expected Nov. 26, 2018, according to NASA. An estimate of the cost of delaying the launch two years is being assessed and is expected to be released in August.
InSight's primary goal is to understand how rocky planets—like Earth and Mars—came to be. The mission is part of NASA's ambitious plans for Mars, including ultimately sending humans to the Red Planet.
“The science goals of InSight are compelling, and the NASA and CNES plans to overcome the technical challenges are sound,” John Grunsfeld, associate administrator for NASA's science mission directorate in Washington, wrote in a statement. “The quest to understand the interior of Mars has been a longstanding goal of planetary scientists for decades. We're excited to be back on the path for a launch, now in 2018.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Recent report documents "new and complex" forms of health care privatization.
from the Canadian Union of Public Employees
Montreal–A recent report published by Marie-Claude Premont, professor of law at l'Ecole nationale d'administration publique in Montreal, documents new and complex ways doctors, private clinics and brokers are charging patients for priority access to health care paid from the public purse.
Premont analyzes the context in which user fees and two-tier health care are growing, including changes in regulation, payment methods and corporate structures that influence this trend. New business models and corporate medical practises heighten concerns about investor interest trumping clinical judgement.
“The response of public authorities…towards penalizing certain behaviours that contravene the law or medical ethics has been weak.”
Since 2007, Quebec has allowed doctors to organize their medical practice as a corporation with share capital. This corporate structure is one of several new pressures on medical clinics to increase revenues, all possible factors in the growth of user fees.
Examples include:
Charging patients annual membership fees upwards of $1,000 for faster access to family doctors. In what the author calls a "highly polished ruse: clinics give "members" priority appointments, utilizing separate waiting rooms and phone response systems to disguise the practice;
Charging patients to consult specialists, especially pediatricians;
Brokerage fees for quick access to a specialist;
Specialized medical centres charging patients $8,000 to $15,000 for surgery, ostensibly to cover facility fees and uninsured staff;
Bribes solicited by some specialists;
Rural health cooperatives charging annual subscriptions of $30-$175 for access to doctors;
Telemarketers selling a $228 checkup.
"The response of public authorities (especially the RAMQ and the ministry of health and social services, but also the College des Medecins towards penalizing certain behaviours that contravene the law or medical ethics has been weak," says Premont. This weakness, making it possible to engage in some of these practises with impunity, is undoubtedly another factor encouraging their development."
© Copyright 2012 Canadian Union of Public Employees, All rights Reserved. Written For: StraightGoods.ca
NEW DELHI—Militant vegetarians in Mumbai first began keeping meat-eaters out of their apartment blocks a few years ago, pressuring residents' associations to keep out carnivorous newcomers. Later, the restaurants in these neighbourhoods took meat off their menus for fear of offending vegetarian customers. Now, the movement has gone a step further with grocery stores and supermarkets keeping meat and eggs off the shelves. Even sandwiches, salads or desserts that might contain egg or meat are not stocked.
Members of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), wearing Formula One grid girl dresses, pose with PETA's chicken mascot to encourage Formula One fans to go vegetarian in New Delhi in October. ( Altaf Qadri / AP Photo ) A woman walks past a Pizza Hut outlet advertising its vegetarian menu. ( AIJAZ RAHI / AP Photo )
Mumbai's vegetarians aim to turn their neighbourhoods into vegetarian enclaves. In a supermarket in Malabar Hill — home to wealthy families, most of whom are staunchly vegetarian — none of these items is available. “My customers began complaining,” said Neeraj Gupta, who runs a small supermarket in Malabar Hill. “They didn't like having to walk past where the eggs were kept so I decided to take everything with eggs in it off my shelves. I've got to keep my customers happy.” Known as India's most cosmopolitan city, Mumbai has areas where global fast food joints such as Pizza Hut and McDonald's have taken all meat items off their menus.
Article Continued Below
When these chains first entered the country, they were aware of religious sensibilities and never served pork or beef to avoid antagonizing Muslims and Hindus. Instead, they served chicken, mutton, fish and eggs. Mumbai's cosmopolitanism has also generated a backlash against meat-eating by ethnic groups who see it as a sign of Westernization. Many of the city's neighbourhoods that are also set up along ethnic lines, making the city's vegetarians more pushy than in other cities. So in areas of Mumbai such as Malabar Hill, Cuffe Parade and Kemps Corner, their menus are totally vegetarian. Mumbai's carnivores can't understand what the fuss is about. “I respect the beliefs of vegetarians, but I'm going to cook in my flat, not theirs,” said Rukshana Alam. “But I've been told they don't even want the smell of meat being cooked to enter their flat.” A choreographer in the film industry, Alam said she has struggled to find accommodation in some neighbourhoods because of the vegetarian fatwa though, she says, it is never spelt out as the reason for rejecting her.
“Non-vegetarians are quietly discouraged by the existing tenants in a building,” said Indrani Malkani, head of the Malabar Hill Residents Association. “By law you can't discriminate against them so it is always done discreetly.” Cameraman Abdul Zaidi said he was not rich enough to live in Malabar Hill but often passes through it on the way home. “One day, my wife asked me to get a cake but the shopkeeper said he didn't keep anything with eggs in it,” said Zaidi.
Article Continued Below
Carnivores are also being kept out of the new apartment blocks. “If my first few buyers are vegetarians and they ask me to avoid selling the remaining flats to non-vegetarians, I do that,” said builder Harish Mehta. “I'm happy to respect their wishes to live with like-minded people.” If vegetarian vigilantism is a force in parts of Mumbai rather than other Indian cities, it's partly because most people, given the shortage of space, live in blocks of flats rather than houses. The occupants form residents' associations to formulate basic rules for the complex and so when the vegetarians are large in number or vocal, they can keep out carnivores through these rules. Another possible explanation is the large number of rich Jain families in the city. Jains originated in the neighbouring state of Gujarat, which accounts for their substantial presence in Mumbai. The areas striving to become carnivore-free zones are usually inhabited by the Jain community, most of whom are diamond merchants, traders, industrialists and clothing exporters. Jains are vegans who do not even eat root vegetables such as onions, garlic and potatoes. For them vegetarianism is not simply about refraining from eating meat yourself — it is about not seeing anyone else butcher an animal or consume meat anywhere around you. “I don't want to go into a supermarket and see these things displayed on the shelves. It is abhorrent to me,” said Rupika Jain, a Kemps Corner resident. “And I don't want to walk home past a restaurant and smell charred flesh.” It is because vegetarianism is such a strongly held belief that most restaurants in India that don't serve meat clearly identify themselves as “vegetarian.” Those serving meat specify that different utensils be used for the meat dishes. The Pizza Hut outlet has a big neon sign saying “100 per cent vegetarian,” while McDonald's announced in September that it would open its first vegetarian-only outlets in the country in two pilgrimage towns to respect the wishes of pilgrims; one near the Golden Temple in Amritsar which is sacred to Sikhs and the other in Katra, close to the Hindu Vaishno Devi shrine. Last month, a controversial new school textbook on hygiene and health provoked a storm for claiming that vegetarians are morally superior to meat eaters. The latter, the book said, “easily cheat, tell lies, forget promises, they are dishonest and tell bad words, steal, fight and turn to violence and commit sex crimes.” In another section, it says: “The strongest argument that meat is not essential food is the fact that the Creator of this Universe did not include meat in the original diet for Adam and Eve. He gave them fruits, nuts and vegetables.” Vegetarians adopted a new mascot last month when the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals in India launched an ad campaign featuring Ramajit Raghav, the Indian man who became the world's oldest father two years ago at the age of 94. A photo of Raghav shows him cradling his baby boy with the headline “Vegetarians Still Got It at Age 96” and Raghav is quoted as saying: “I have been a vegetarian all my life and I credit my stamina and virility to my diet.”
Story Highlights 16% of Americans see government as nation's top problem
The economy ranks second at 13%
Unemployment mentions drop by half, but still rank third
Immigration ranks in top four for first time in eight years
PRINCETON, N.J. -- For the second consecutive year, dissatisfaction with government edged out the economy as the problem more Americans identified as the nation's top problem in 2015. According to Gallup's monthly measure of the most important problem facing the U.S., an average of 16% of Americans in 2015 mentioned some aspect of government, including President Barack Obama, Congress or political conflict, as the country's chief problem. The economy came in second with 13% mentioning it, while unemployment and immigration tied for third at 8%.
Although the economy and unemployment both made the top four this year, the average percentages mentioning them are down from 2014 and well below the levels recorded from 2009 through 2013.
Notably, 2015 was the first year since 2007 in which immigration was one of the top four most frequently cited problems, although this is mainly because mentions of healthcare dropped from 10% in 2014 to 6% in 2015, making room for immigration at the top. Mentions of immigration held steady in 2015 at 8%. Rounding out the top 10 were a constellation of problems each averaging 5%, including ethical/moral decline, race relations/racism, terrorism, the federal budget deficit or debt and education.
2015 marks only the second time since 2001 that no single issue averaged 20% or more for the year. However, 34% of Americans named at least one of several specific economic issues -- including the economy, unemployment, the budget deficit, inflation and others.
Mentions of Terrorism, Gun Control, Immigration Surged at Points
Although mentions of terrorism averaged just 5% for the year, the percentage of Americans citing it spiked to 16% in December following the terrorist attacks in Paris and the San Bernardino shooting in which two individuals killed 14 people. Earlier in the year, terrorism rose as a concern to 8% following the Charlie Hebdo attack in Paris, which al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula claims to have orchestrated. Otherwise, monthly mentions of terrorism were mostly in the 2% to 4% range throughout the year.
Another issue that briefly spiked as a concern in 2015 was gun control, with mentions rising from near 1% most months to 7% in October and December following mass shootings that dominated the news. Similarly, mentions of immigration rose above 10% in September, possibly reflecting Americans' concerns about the European migrant crisis, or in response to the publicity that the Republican presidential debates gave to Donald Trump's stances against illegal immigration.
Mentions of the economy were fairly steady all year near the 13% average rating, but dropped to 9% in December, likely because of the spike in concern that month about terrorism and gun violence.
As was the case in each of the two prior years, there was less consensus in 2015 on any single problem as the nation's biggest, largely because Americans' concern about the economy and unemployment subsided, while no other issue replaced them.
Bottom Line
Americans were most likely to mention some aspect of the federal government in 2015 when asked to name the country's top problem, but this category still averaged less than 20% of all responses during the year. Even when mentions of terrorism, immigration and gun laws briefly flared, the percentages citing these stayed below the 20% threshold.
This lack of a prominent public concern provides an interesting setup to the 2016 presidential election. Some Americans remain most worried about the economy; others are mainly concerned about immigration, and others are divided across a host of domestic policy concerns. This contrasts with the last three presidential election cycles when at least one issue commanded significant public attention in the year prior to the election. In 2011, for example, the dominant issues were the economy and unemployment; in 2007, the Iraq War; and in 2003, the economy. Those concerns provided a clear framework for the campaigns, something that is thus far lacking in the race for 2016.
Survey Methods
Results for the monthly Gallup Poll Social Series surveys included in this analysis are based on telephone interviews conducted with a random sample of approximately 1,000 adults, aged 18 and older, living in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. The yearly averages from the combined results are based on the total sample of approximately 12,000 national adults, with a margin of sampling error of ±1 percentage point at the 95% confidence level.
Each sample of national adults includes a minimum quota of 50% cellphone respondents and 50% landline respondents, with additional minimum quotas by time zone within region. Landline and cellular telephone numbers are selected using random-digit-dial methods.
Learn more about how Gallup Poll Social Series works.
Today's Ask a Researcher comes from a student starting a PhD program in the fall, who asked for some tips about starting out:
I am starting my PhD in August at the University of Georgia in Learning, Design, and Technology and this article really encouraged me about what was ahead. I specifically liked when you mentioned how you researched emerging technologies, taught classes, worked with schools, etc. This will also be the basis for what I wish to accomplish while getting my PhD as well. I was wondering if you could share with me some of your experiences in grad school and what tips you have for someone just starting out. I also have a previous background in Computer Science and am interested in consulting and being a professor. I would like to specialize in the use of ubiquitous computing (i.e wearable computer, Kinetic), BYOD, and low tech solutions in the classroom. Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thank you for your time.
Here are ten things to think about as you get going:
1) Decide how important it is to be in academia
You need to decide early on if you want to keep an academic option open. If you do, you need to devote yourself more or less entirely to academic publishing. If you either a) don't want to be an academic or b) are willing to take the risk that you are the rare genius who can get an academic job without full devotion to publishing, then you have more options in your time. If you really want to end up being a professor, particularly at a research university, you need to recognize that your research doctorate is an apprenticeship to that field.
2) If it's important to be in academia, focus entirely on academic publishing
It's very difficult to get a faculty job without an almost exclusive focus on academic publishing. Your need to design your working life so that it contributes to academic conversations, and you need to be focused on producing publishable research. For the most part, you need to publish in scholarly journals, though depending upon your field there are certain conferences where the proceedings are published and basically count as publications. You should arrange to do just enough teaching to demonstrate that you are competent (though not so much that it detracts from your research), and you should probably stay away from consulting, which is really just time spent away from research and publishing.
3) Choose your thesis project early
When you finish is largely a function of when you actually start the research that will become your dissertation. Start early, finish early. Ideally you didn't start your program without a sense of the kinds of questions that you wanted to answer. You need to be on the prowl for professors or projects that will let you tackle a sizeable research project early on.
4) Take as many methods classes as possible early on
Learning content in a field is relatively easy. Just read all the papers, form a discussion group, and so forth. Learning methods is much harder to do on your own, especially the quantitative methods (not that the qualitative methods are less rigorous, just that you can learn them in more easily in less structured ways). Therefore, devote most of your coursework to methods. Start these immediately. Fall semester, year 1.
5) Learn to code
So many more opportunities are going to be available to education researchers (and edtech researchers especially) who can code and hack. Head to the CS department and learn to program. Do it with the undergrads if you need to start there. The hard part of quantiative research usually isn't the statistical analysis, it's getting the data in the first place. In the ed tech field (and increasingly across education research) coding is how you get the data and get it clean. (Coding in SAS or STATA doesn't count here, I'm talking python, javascript, ruby, etc.). Plus if you don't really end up liking ed research, at least you have a trade.
6) Focus classwork on your thesis project
If you combine the above three suggestions, then you get to this one. Find your project early, take methods courses (including programming), and use those courses to get started on your research project. Most professors are more than happy to allow you to modify assignments and so forth so that you are basically just using class to make progress on your own stuff. If you want to finish in a timely fashion, this is a great way to make progress on research during the coursework phase.
7) Build community within a field
Very quickly, you are going to need the sponsorship of other scholars to advance in your field. Find your community as soon as possible, and start building your network. You'll need a combination of young scholars and mentors to work with you on panels, to review papers, to write recommendations, to partner on research projects, and so forth. In Ed Tech, this is somewhat difficult, as the field is fairly diffuse. The Learning Scientists are a pretty tight bunch, the games people are tight, and there are some human computer interaction folks that seem to pull together. The Digital Learning and Media people are also good folks and good to get in with. The Open Educational Resources people have a nice community. Ultimately, you need to find a home among a group of people reading the same journals, attending the same conferences, and supporting your growth as a scholar.
8) Study what educators are actually doing
This is probably not actually a strategically good piece of advice. But there are way too many researchers studying hothouse environments and cutting edge sorts of things, and not nearly enough people studying the actual implementation of technology in learning situations by educators with no special resources or reports. The reason why all of our fancy games, simulations, pedagogical models, and so forth very rarely move into the mainstream is because we know much too little about how the mainstream actually works or the conditions under which most educators use technology. Take something like Moodle. Moodle is probably used, at some level, in tens of thousands of schools across the country by at least one teacher. There is almost no literature whatsoever telling us how Learning Management Systems (including It's Learning, Edmodo, Haiku, etc.) are being used by educators is ordinary classroom settings.
9) Make your work as open as possible
Blog. Put all your data on a wiki. Publish everything you write in your coursework as a working paper on SSRN. Tweet at conferences. Publish your dissertation under a CC license. Make everything you do as accessible as possible to the world. (This doesn't mean that you should publish preliminary findings as fact, and you should still be careful about sharing anything that you are not certain about, but you should be sharing your tentative thinking, properly qualified, in a variety of ways.)
10) Have fun
When I started my graduate program I thought "I'm going to go to school for a semester. If I like it, I'll stay. If I don't I'll quit." I thought the same thing every semester until I finished. The point is not to get a degree. The point is to fulfill whatever mission you have on this earth. If the PhD helps with the mission, stick with it. If it doesn't, leave. If it turns into a terrible grind, change what you are doing. Life is to short to not enjoy this 5-7 year section of your life.
To everyone starting research programs this Fall, you have my very best wishes for the journey ahead!
For regular updates, follow me on Twitter at @bjfr and for my papers, presentations and so forth, visit EdTechResearcher.
The main problem with a currency is that you have a payment network with balances, spending, accounts etc. and you have to avoid double spending. So if I spend the balance in my account there has to be a central system that stops me spending it again. The thing with a cryptocurrency is there is not central organisation looking after the system to avoid double spending. So for it to work the whole network needs to be connected so any transaction is known about by every other bit of the network.
So a system was set up whereby when a transaction was completed it was left pending until the network was advised and then when the whole network knew about it is was confirmed. Then there was no going back and that transaction was confirmed forever.
From the original Bitcoin we now have a wide range of cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin is still the most widely known but we now have others such as Ethereum, Litecoin, Monero, Ripple, Dash and Augur.
If you're looking for running back sleepers, then you've come to the right place! We've asked the most accurate running back experts in the industry to select their favorite RB sleeper, and to tell us why each player has the potential to be a draft day bargain. Each expert who participated finished in the top 25 (out of 100+) in our running back draft accuracy last season. If you're curious, you can learn more about how all of the experts fared in the competition by checking out our accuracy report. In the meantime, let's take a look at the surprise players the pundits like for this season.
Q: Who is your top running back sleeper for 2013 and why?
Christine Michael (SEA)
ECR: RB64 | ADP: RB66
“It's hard not to get excited about what this player brings to the table even as a rookie. He is a great fit to run behind this talented offensive line in Seattle. If Lynch were to miss time, Michael would likely be a top 10 RB the rest of the way (and possibly a lot better than this). When taking late shots at RB, this is exactly the kind of player you should be targeting.” – David Dodds (FootballGuys)
Ben Tate (HOU)
ECR: RB37 | ADP: RB37
“Arian Foster's injury status heading into the third week of the preseason only makes Tate that much more attractive. He could end up as this year's C.J. Spiller as a backup running back who could earn Top 10 status if the starter in front of him goes down. And even if Foster is healthy, Tate could still be a flex option as we saw in 2011 when he had over 1,000 total yards and four touchdowns.” – Jamey Eisenberg (CBS Sports)
Bilal Powell (NYJ)
ECR: RB52 | ADP: RB54
“The most versatile and dependable back on the Jets roster is Bilal Powell. He's no superstar runner but he's capable, and he can definitely play on all three downs. Let someone else gamble on Chris Ivory mid game, while you scoop up Powell late. The New York offense might be a dumpster fire, but someone can score 6-8 times here.” – Scott Pianowski (Yahoo! Sports)
Stepfan Taylor (ARI)
ECR: RB73 | ADP: RB81
“Rashard Mendenhall is locked in as the Cardinals' lead back, but backups Ryan Williams and Andre Ellington have been slowed by injuries. That leaves Taylor, a fifth-round pick in April's draft, in position for a massive workload if Mendenhall were to miss any action or is unable to return to his pre-injury form. Drafted only 15 spots after popular sleeper Johnathan Franklin, Taylor is an ideal late-round target.” – Mike Clay (Pro Football Focus)
“When I sat down to ponder this question, I scrawled out notes for five players without skipping a beat. Following a period of quiet reflection (read: screaming along to hair metal), I circled back to Stepfan Taylor in Arizona. He's sitting in a decent spot given the questions surrounding Rashard Mendenhall's durability and performance. His chief competitors for reps have also missed time in camp, and Taylor's more than made up for the OTA absences while prepping for graduation at Stanford. The Cardinals improved the offensive line by adding veteran Eric Winston and tackle Levi Brown returns from injury. With Carson Palmer under center, the passing game will be more efficient downfield and will therefore open up the run game. Taylor demonstrated his durability and an ability to catch the ball out of the backfield (41 receptions last season) at Stanford. Does he get extra credit for the “Kulabafi” alter-ego?” – Mike Harmon (Swollen Dome)
Ronnie Hillman (DEN)
ECR: RB38 | ADP: RB40
“Let's go for an upside play in Hillman, who could land the main RB gig in Denver's potent offense based on his own varied skill set – and if Montee Ball doesn't improve his pass protection. That's kind've important when Peyton Manning is the QB you're protecting. By the way, looking at those limited options outside the top-30 reinforces my RB-heavy plan early in drafts.” – Ben Standig (FFToolbox)
Giovani Bernard (CIN)
ECR: RB29 | ADP: RB28
“Bernard isn't a sleeper in the traditional sense, but I believe he can still be had at value. BenJarvus Green-Ellis has lost a step or three while Bernard looks quick, decisive and more powerful than I expected and he was my number one rookie. He has all the attributes of an every down back and with the Bengals looking to pass more should help him see more work initially in the passing game, which will lead to him beating out BJGE as the season goes on.” – Chet Gresham (The Fake Football)
“Veteran RB BenJarvus Green-Ellis is listed atop the depth chart for the Bengals, but that is not likely to last very long. Bernard is not only an explosive runner, but he is skilled as both a receiver and pass blocker. The Bengals are going to be able to use him on any down and when he shows his explosiveness, he will overtake the “Law Firm” as the number one back and have a chance to put up big rushing and receiving numbers for a potentially explosive Bengals offense.” – Derek Lofland (Fantasy Football Maniax)
Shane Vereen (NE)
ECR: RB30 | ADP: RB31
“Vereen offers maximum versatility for a team well known for its up-tempo offense, weekly game-planning and creativity. Vereen will line up all over the field creating matchup problems with his speed, receiving skills and big play ability. He's capable of 50+ catches, 1000 total yards and 8 TDs.” – Bob Henry (FootballGuys)
Deangelo Williams (CAR)
ECR: RB33 | ADP: RB35
“When Jonathan Stewart was sidelined for the last month of the 2012 season, Williams was the fifth scoring running back in PPR leagues. With Stewart a likely candidate for the PUP, Williams is a steal at his current ADP.” – Jeff Ratcliffe (Pro Football Focus)
LaMichael James (SF)
ECR: RB69 | ADP: RB49
“The 49ers are short on weapons this year and I think he will be used in a Darren Sproles type role. He could get a few carries a game to keep Gore fresh and they will look to get the ball in his hands in the passing game. He has bulked up and looks ready for the workload coming his way.” – Nelson Sousa (scoutPRO)
Joique Bell (DET)
ECR: RB55 | ADP: RB63
“He won't supplant Reggie Bush, but he has been ahead of Mikel Leshoure on the Lions' depth chart all offseason. He'll spell Bush and flirt with flex-worthiness, especially in PPR leagues. If Bush misses time, Bell has top-20 upside. I have him at RB40, 23 spots ahead of his current ADP.” – Austin Lee (Pro Football Focus)
Isaiah Pead (STL)
ECR: RB47 | ADP: RB47
“There is no clear leader in the Rams RB corps despite the recent declaration that Daryl Richardson will start in Week 1. And, to me, this is a moot point with Pead suspended for a single game, and it has artificially deflated his value as the fantasy community reacts to the news. Even if Richardson is the “starter” in name, Pead will still see touches each week, and to my mind he can win the “starting” role himself. His value will only get lower if he actually bombs, so if he does break out, you're getting a bargain here.” – Ross Miles (Pro Football Focus)
Pierre Thomas (NO)
ECR: RB42 | ADP: RB50
“You can win your fantasy leagues with running backs who you draft super late (or not at all). Just look at what Freddy Morris did last year. Thomas will be on a lot of championship rosters this year. Thomas will lead the team in rushing. He's averaged 4.8 yards per rush since 2011. But he's a good receiver out of the backfield, even with Darren Sproles in the mix. Thomas ranked 12th among running backs last year with 354 receiving yards.” – Adam Rank (NFL.com)
Andre Brown (NYG)
ECR: RB34 | ADP: RB34
“It seems like David WIlson is getting most of the love from fantasy teams at running back for the Giants but I wouldn't be surprised if Brown outproduces him. Brown is going to get the goal-line work and his fair share of carries even if Wilson starts. Brown has high touchdown potential and his yards should be more than adequate.” – Jeff Paur (RTSports)
Knowshon Moreno (DEN)
ECR: RB59 | ADP: RB62
“Sure, Moreno could end up as a zero, but the Broncos' second preseason game reinforced ball security issues for Ronnie Hillman and suggested pass protection problems for Montee Ball. Moreno wasn't bad at all over the final six games of 2012, and it isn't a stretch to call John Fox “risk averse”. I'd still draft Moreno behind both Ball and Hillman, but that doesn't mean we should dismiss his sleeper upside as an endgame pick.” – John Halpin (Fox Sports)
Mark Ingram (NO)
ECR: RB36 | ADP: RB36
“In the era of running back by committee (RBBC), the New Orleans Saints truly employ that concept; almost to a fault. Mark Ingram is currently listed as the Saints starting running back, but the question many fantasy owners have is how many touches will he get and if that will be enough to start on their fantasy team. Currently, I have Ingram projected at 850 yards on the ground with eight touchdowns, which isn't too bad since many “Experts” have Ingram listed as the 36th best running back on the board. He will probably start the year as a backup on your team, but there are several matchups he, and the Saints offense can exploit on the ground. He'll finish top 25 at the end of the year.” – Paul Greco (FP911)
Danny Woodhead (SD)
ECR: RB44 | ADP: RB45
“Especially in a PPR format we love Mr. Woodhead. The move from New England to San Diego is a good one for Danny as New England had too many mouths to feed. In San Diego he should find more targets and fewer talents, both of which should help him catch 60 balls and be a solid RB3/Flex option for your team.” – Ken Zalis (Fans Fantasy Football)
“Local beat writers in San Diego have been consistent on one thing all summer; newly acquired RB Danny Woodhead will be playing the majority of third down snaps this season. When the Chargers first drafted Ryan Mathews in the first round, they thought he was a three-down feature back. Well, we all did. Mathews never developed his pass-blocking, and remains an unreliable two-down rusher. Woodhead is a much more accomplished blocker, and is expected to handle most third downs and two-minute drill situations. Considering Ronnie Brown caught 49 passes last year, we wouldn't rule out 50-plus catches for Woodhead so he's a solid flex option in standard leagues, but his value jumps considerably in PPR formats. We also like the fact that Woodhead is a third down, pass catching back on a team that figures to be trailing often this season. He could have weekly flex value in PPR and has some upside in standard scoring. – FantasyoMatic (FantasyOMatic)
Lamar Miller (MIA)
ECR: RB21 | ADP: RB21
“Miller will earn a three-down role this season in Miami. Not only does he have a Miami (FL) pedigree, but Miller also has the easiest schedule among running backs based on 2012 fantasy points allowed to the position. He'll turn into a nice No. 2 running back in 2013.” – Michael Fabiano (NFL.com)
Eddie Lacy (GB)
ECR: RB24 | ADP: RB26
“Lacy was the top running back on many draft boards after posting 1,322 yards and 17 touchdowns in his junior year at Alabama. It appears Lacy has won the starting job in Green Bay and I could easily see him duplicating the type of numbers Stevan Ridley put up after winning the starting job in New England last year. Ridley rushed for over 1,200 yards and had 12 rushing touchdowns which ranked him 11th among all running backs last year. Based on Lacy's current ADP, that would make him a huge steal this year.” – Brendan Donahue (EDSFootball)
—-
We'd like to thank all of the experts who shared their sleeper picks. If you like what the pundits have to say, please follow them on Twitter and check out their respective web sites. Also, after reading about these top sleepers, be sure to test your draft strategy by practicing with our free mock draft simulator.
As a convinced atheist, I do not believe in reincarnation. But as I sat in Talkatora Stadium listening to Rahul Gandhi, it was difficult not to believe that Rajiv had reincarnated himself in Rahul's soul. For it was Rajiv's voice I heard in the words that emerged from Rahul's tongue. I had had a similar experience with Rajiv. (Rahul Gandhi takes charge, says "we are warriors") For a speech on disarmament at an international conference to mark the commencement of Jawaharlal Nehru's birth centenary, I drafted a text jam-packed with quotations from Nehru's numerous, eloquent and impassioned statements on the imperative of ending the nuclear arms race and moving towards a world without nuclear weapons.As I read out the text to him, I saw his eyes widening. When I finished, he asked me to come out on the lawn for a quiet word. "But the guy says exactly what I have been saying!" he exclaimed. "On the contrary, Sir," I replied, "you have been saying exactly what he had been saying!" I asked where he had picked it all up - at family meals? Rajiv laughed and said the only family meals were breakfast when Nehru was in town and Nehru had laid down a family rule that at table you could speak only in Hindi. And, anyway, continued Rajiv, he had been sent to boarding school when he was eleven, so where was the possibility of his discussing his Nana's views on disarmament? That is when I realized that in political families, there is a kind of osmotic process that transfers thought from one generation to another.And it is this that I heard from the podium yesterday - the osmotic transmission of a thought process that bore an uncanny resemblance to the speeches I had heard Rajiv deliver over six years of maturing reflection on India's democracy; the absence of democracy in the party; the capture of the party in a "net of avarice" by the "brokers of power"; the imperative of empowering people at the grassroots to allow them to build their own lives by dint of their own effort through their own elected representatives; and the inescapable need to move the party from the coteries that had captured it to a system based on full participation of ordinary Congress workers by ceding to them the right to elect their leaders from block through Pradesh to Central level.My mind revved back to 28 December 1985 and Rajiv Gandhi's Presidential Address to the centenary celebrations of the founding of the Congress. My mind raced through from there to Rajiv's speech in the Lok Sabha on 15 May 1989 introducing his Constitutional amendments on Panchayat Raj and took in on the way another speech at about the same time on the political empowerment of women to ensure their social and personal liberation. Then I thought of Rajiv's extempore dissertation on the essence of Nehru's philosophy to a gathering of college students in Mysore where he described that essence as lying in Nehru's crusade to end the "Quest for Dominance" that had been the leitmotif of international relations since the beginning of time.All those themes were resurrected in Rahul's voice as it came booming off the stage. The same deep voice, the same clear enunciation, the same ability to calibrate different thoughts to different pitches of emotion. And the same dimpled smile that I had thought was the father's copyright.PV Narasimha Rao once remarked that when Rajiv became PM, the question of the leadership of the Congress had been settled for the next 25 years. No one then knew that a cruel fate was going to cut down that life a bare six years later. Since then there has been something of a hiatus. Yesterday, I was convinced that the thread had been picked up again and that Rahul would not need the remaining 19 years to realise Rajiv's dreams; he could do it in 19 months.The election battle of 2014 has been joined. We are going on to the battlefield armed with the fundamental principles and beliefs of our 128-year old Congress: the widening and deepening of democracy in governance through the genuine empowerment of the 32 lakh representatives the people of India have elected of their volition to the panchayats and nagarpalikas; the mobilization of at least ten lakh elected Congress representatives at the very grassroots by guaranteeing their participation in all party matters; the drafting of the Congress manifesto through widespread consultation with every segment of Congress opinion; the commitment to secularism as the bonding adhesive of our nationhood; priority to the poor in a 21stcentury version of Congress Socialism (a word not heard in a Congress forum for over two decades until uttered from the podium yesterday by the mover of the session's Resolution, Ghulam Nabi Azad); and self-confident independence in foreign affairs. (And, oh yes, before I forget, three more gas cylinders a year for the infinitely suffering home-maker!)A Congress that seemed down and out appeared rejuvenated at Talkatora. I recall that it was in this month of January 2004 that, just after a spectacular run of victories in State assembly elections, Atal Bihari Vajpayee decided to bring forward the Lok Sabha election from October to May. The BJP/NDA lost decisively. It was a bad decision from the BJP's point of view because they had allowed themselves to be misled by overthrowing Digvijaya in Madhya Pradesh, Ajit Jogi in Chhattisgarh and Gehlot in Rajasthan into believing that the national wind was blowing in their direction. State assembly elections are no guide to national results. We might yet overcome!
Is CC Cream the Product You Need?
CC Cream entered the marked on the heels of BB Cream, the Korean skin care miracle. It is gaining popularity among the best beauty brands in the market and in the Western world as well. There are plenty of things you should know about this wonderful skin care product and why you need to be using it.
You are probably asking yourself what is it made of and how is it different from BB Cream. You may have heard that there are no differences at all, and one is just as good as the other. But it is one beauty product that you will realize that you cannot live without. It will add to your makeup routine to make your already gorgeous makeup even better. After you have learned everything there is to know about CC cream, you will know that it is the one product that you have been missing out on.
CC Cream: The All-In-One Beauty Miracle
CC Cream, short for color control cream or color correcting cream, is a term that was born in the wake of the popularity of BB Cream. Most CC creams will reduce the appearance of redness or paleness in skin and make the skin tone more even. It is only meant to correct skin color, so it is usually lighter than BB Cream and most consumers use it as a primer, rather than a foundation.
This cutting edge cosmetic product can be used to replace many other makeup products, including, but not limited to, moisturizer, sunscreen, primer, anti aging serum, concealer and foundation. It can be worn in many different ways depending on what your needs are, what imperfections you may be looking to conceal and what your skin type is.
CC Cream is the lighter, more versatile sister of the popular BB Cream which entered into the Korean cosmetics market in the 1960s. It actually started in Germany, invented by a doctor who was look for the perfect formula to protect the skin on the faces of her patients after they had done laser facial peels. The product would not only have to protect the skin from the elements, such as the sun, but it would also have to hide any redness as a result of the procedure, which is why it is tinted to match different skin complexions. CC Cream is like BB Cream but, even better.
CC Cream is manufactured in many different formulas and in different shades to match your complexion. Most CC Cream will be made up of vitamins A, C, and E, which brighten the skin and prevent aging. Others have anti-aging ingredients like collagen, moisturizing agents, and mica, which makes the skin glow and shimmer. It will also definitely have ingredients that will cause the skin tone to appear more even and uniform, such as liquorice.
This produce is great for protecting your skin from the harmful rays of the sun, as many brands are made with a high level of SPF protection. They are water resistant, and many include collagen which helps to prevent wrinkles by keeping the face youthful and fresh. Though CC Creams only come in three to five different shades, do not worry about whether it will match your skin tone. It is designed to oxidize so that it will automatically adjust to match your skin tone once it is applied to your face.
This miracle makeup product is perfect for the woman who prefers a more natural and simple makeup routine. With CC Cream, you can just apply little, and then apply eye and lip makeup and dash out the door. This product of money will also cut down on the expense of various different beauty products, because it can replace the function of up to eight.
What is The Difference Between BB and CC Cream?
The difference between BB and CC Cream is almost imperceptible, but it is there. While BB Cream is more like a lighter version of foundation with some added skin benefits, CC Cream is meant to specifically deal with redness or paleness in the facial skin. They are much easier on the skin than BB cream, due to their light finish. CC Creams lighter consistency makes it a much better option for women with skin that is oily, or prone to acne. Like BB Creams, CC Creams do offer a plethora of added benefits, including SPF protection.
CC Creams are often compared to tinted moisturizers. They are fast absorbing into the skin. They are a good way to give the appearance of your skin a bit of a boost, without too much time or effort. Depending on the brand, they will be either more effective or not as effective as concealing skin imperfections as BB Cream or foundation, but they are great for the morning rush, or for going to the gym, when you are looking for a one-step solution to skin care issues.
What Are the Best Korean Brands of CC Cream?
There are lots of brands of CC Cream to choose from, many of which are produced by the best beauty brands. Some, of course, are quite expensive and others seem like quite the bargain. It is important that you focus on the needs that you want your CC Cream to serve, rather than just thinking about the price. Do not worry, though. There is no need for you to break the bank.
You can get great deals on CC Creams from brands like Tony Moly, Faceshop and Etude House, all of which are available on the website q-depot.com. For instance, the Etude House Correct and care CC Cream is a great option if you would like to treat yourself. It is one of the best Korean cosmetic brands and boasts eight great benefits for your skin all in one convenient bottle. Some of these benefits include healthier skin. This CC cream will also lighten the color of your skin if you are looking to get a more even and fairer complexion. It can be used as a primer as the first line of defense against imperfection and it has a light consistency.
Another popular brand of CC Cream is produced by the Face Shop. Their Face it Smarts Capsule Color Control Cream is one that will not only correct unsightly blemishes but brighten the skin, making look fresher. It is enriched with three types of capsules and even blood orange extract in order to help your skin to retain moisture and make enhance its overall beauty. This CC Cream also has anti aging properties, as it will conceal the appearance of wrinkles and age lines.
Tony Moly, another great CC Cream brand, compares itself to BB Cream, but has the added benefit of correcting the skin tone. This well known Korean cosmetics brand offers a CC Cream with special technology that will allow it to change color to match with your true complexion. It also has natural elements that will help to hydrate your skin, as well as nurture it.
Any of these amazing brands will be able to offer you all of the benefits that you would like to get from your CC Cream for a reasonable price, at q-depot.com. This product is life changing, to say the least, and once you get your hands on the perfect CC Cream for you, your face will thank you, and there will definitely be no turning back!
Disclaimer
The images used in this blog's posts are found from different sources all over the Internet, and are assumed to be in public domain and are displayed under the fair use principle. If you are the owner of the images and you believe that their use on this site is in violation of any copyright law, then please contact us, and we will take them down ASAP.
SAN FRANCISCO: Google has quietly stopped selling its popular Pixel C tablet through its online store in favour of the new $1,000 Pixelbook hybrid laptop it released earlier this year."As is common when a device has been out for a few years, we're now retiring Pixel C and it is no longer available for sale. We are committed to updating and supporting it, including the recent update to Android 8.0, so customers can continue to get the best out of their device," Google was quoted as saying by CNET late Thursday."Our newly-launched Google Pixelbook combines the best parts of a laptop and a tablet for those looking for a versatile device," the tech giant added.Launched in 2015, the Pixel C tablet was a well-received device that comes from an earlier age of Google hardware, when the company took a more experimental approach.The shift from the Pixel C to Pixelbook does represent something of a larger trend for the industry in recent years, as many have moved from slates to convertibles, according to Tech Crunch.The Pixelbook is not as slim as a stand-alone tablet but it is a pretty solid tablet replacement as well as a well-rounded computing device.
No more long lines at the grocery store – the future of food shopping is getting a high-tech upgrade.
Des Moines, Iowa is planning to build a first-of-a kind robotic grocery store as an experiment to offer food and necessities to locals anytime at their convenience.
A partnership between the nonprofit Eat Greater Des Moines and the business equipment firm Oasis24seven will see an automated, vending machine-style unit come to the area.
“Throughout Des Moines, there are areas of town where access to quality food is limited,” said Aubrey Alvarez, the nonprofit's executive director. “We would love for a full service grocery store to move into these areas, but until that time the robotic unit will address the gap in the community.”
She added this “project takes a simple and familiar idea, a vending machine, and turns it on its head. Robotic Retail will be accessible to everyone.”
Oasis24seven CEO David Maurer said the robotic system “works on a conveyor belt system, with an extractor that retrieves the product from the racks and places it on the conveyor for delivery to the customer.” This allows for more fragile items like bread and eggs to avoid being damaged.
Similar stores are gear driven with a drop down delivery, he pointed out, which limits the products it can offer.
The stores are roughly 260-square-foot and are equipped with a sizeable front window so users can view the available products. “Our stores can be anywhere from 200 to 800 items, it's fully refrigerated, the product can be anywhere from one ounce to ten pounds,” said Maurer.
Customers can pick and choose their items via a touchscreen ordering system that lists all the available products.
As for price, Alvarez explains that, as a nonprofit, “our goal is to keep the prices in line with a grocery store. We are sourcing as many items as possible through a local non-profit partner who supplies food to 12 food pantries. This will help us keep prices as low as possible.”
Don't worry about getting expired food. “Anything on those racks that is out-of-date will automatically be taken off the shelf,” he said.
After going through preliminary planning stages, Alvarez hopes they can start construction in late July and have the store up and running soon after.
Beyond this current project, Maurer sees potential expansion for this type of concept. “Whether it is an apartment complex, parking [facility], military base … you could go down the list of the potential business channels for these automated robotic convenience stores.”
by Christopher Snyder
More from FoxNews.com Tech:
The video went viral quickly on social media, which pushed the Changshu government to investigate and crack down on it.
In a statement released by the city's official Weibo account, a 40-year-old foreman of the unlicensed workshop surnamed Feng has been arrested.
The man who shot the video expressed his mixed feelings on Wechat afterward.
"After I made the video, I hesitated whether to release it or not. It can prompt the government to crack down on the illegal act. But as long as the factories are shut down, these child workers will lose their means of livelihood, or probably have to work at places with even worse conditions,” the man surnamed Zhou said. “However, I also want to show the public that in such a prosperous region, there are also a lot of young children living like this."
Source: ShanghaiDaily
TAMPA — An investigation is underway in Hillsborough County after a gruesome incident at an elementary school.
A 7-year-old boy claims his teacher purposely slammed the classroom door on his fingers nearly severing two of them.
It happened one week ago today at Cahoon Elementary Magnet School on Yukon Street in Tampa.
His mother and father asked for the child not to be named.
They say he needed 12 stitches and at this point, and they still do not know how much lasting damage there will be for their son's hand.
“The parents are worried about what's going on and stopping this from happening to another child obviously,” said the parents' attorney Ryan Cappy. “I think everybody can answer the question ‘what if it was your 7-year-old?'
“And I think the answer to that is, ‘maybe we can stop this from happening to another child because it happened to him.'”
“I accept (the teacher's) apology,” the child's father said. “I mean, I know accidents happen, but at this point we don't even know that it was an accident. There's an investigation going on right now.”
The teacher has been with the district for 11 years without a complaint and is on paid administrative leave while that investigation is completed.
Just because your wireless equipment is authorized for use by the FCC doesn't mean you can do whatever the heck you please with it, according to an enforcement advisory issued by the commission just before the long weekend (see the entire warning below).
"Authorized equipment must be used in a manner that complies with federal law and the Commission's rules," reads the advisory, in part.
While the advisory might appear to be stating the obvious, an FCC spokesman elaborates that "the FCC's Enforcement Bureau is taking proactive measures to decrease the number of complaints about the use of authorized equipment in a manner that is not compliant with their authorizations. Reducing complaint volume helps us handle those that do come in in a timely manner. The issue is an ongoing, steady problem."
MORE: Wi-Fi hotspot blocking persists despite FCC crackdown
One example of such rule-breaking is Wi-Fi hotspot blocking, in which organizations interfere with others' rights to use shared spectrum, often in the name of security. As we documented in a Network World report earlier this year based on Freedom of Information Act request for complaints filed about Wi-Fi blocking, the public continues to find fault with hotels, casinos and other organizations on this front.
Other examples include using broadcast transmitters to run pirate radio stations and using authorized wireless routers on unauthorized channels at disallowed power levels.
In fining big hospitality outfits like Marriott and others tens or even hundreds of thousands of dollars for wrongdoing, the FCC has shown it isn't messing around. It encourages those who suspect equipment is being misused to make note of it at the FCC's new Consumer Complaint Data Center.
One longtime wireless industry expert, who asked not to be named, says "the examples they give, along with some recent enforcement activities, say it all. They keep running across people and organizations who are using legitimate functions of wireless devices in ways that are inconsistent with the regs. Said people and organizations then try to make the claim that if the function works at all, it must be consistent with the regs."
In other words, the expert says, the Enforcement Bureau is "telling people, in polite terms, 'Ignorance is no excuse for breaking the law, so understand the regulations and don't violate them.'"
FCC Enforcement Advisory
: A small update was pushed to the PBE with typical end of cycle- bug fix & wrap up type stuff as is usual for an update this late in the cycle.]As we near the end of the 5.10 PBE cycle, a small patch has been pushed to the PBE! Today's update includes the splash art forand a revert of therework.Continue reading for more information!
(Warning: PBE Content is tentative and iterative - what you see may not reflect what eventually gets pushed to live servers! Manage your expectations accordingly. )
New Splash Art
As we near the end of the cycle, today's PBE patch includes the splash art for Ekko's release skin Sandstorm Ekko!
Sandstorm Ekko
Sandstorm Ekko (975 RP) in-game! Check out our 5.10 PBE megapost for a better look at(975 RP) in-game!
Testing changes to ranked inactivity notifications
[Added 5/22 ~5:45 PDT]
Riot Mirross with Here'swith information on changes to the ranked inactivity notification:
"Hey everyone,
We're testing some changes to inactivity (decay) in the upper tiers of ranked play. Previously, you'd get a one-time notification as you approached the decay threshold, but now we're dialing up the frequency of inactivity warnings to ensure the risk of decay stays front-of-mind. We just want to make sure players don't simply forget to maintain the ranking they worked so hard for.
CHANGES:
Players in danger of ranked decay will receive inactivity warnings every time they log in until becoming active again. Previously this notification occurred just once.
MASTER & CHALLENGER SOLO: Decay starts after 10 days of inactivity, with warnings during the final 3 days
MASTER & CHALLENGER TEAM: Decay starts after 28 days of inactivity, with warnings during the final 9 days
PLAT & DIAMOND SOLO AND TEAM: Decay starts after 28 days of inactivity, with warnings during the final 9 days
Let me know your thoughts!
-Riot Mirross"
Balance Changes * Remember *: The PBE is a testing ground for new, tentative, and sometimes radical changes. The changes you see below may be lacking context or other accompanying changes that didn't make it in - don't freak out! These are not official notes.
* Remember *: The PBE is a testing ground for new, tentative, and sometimes radical changes. The changes you see below may be lacking context or other accompanying changes that didn't make it in - don't freak out! These areofficial notes.
Champions Ekko
Chronobreak (R) cooldown increased to 110/90/70 from 90/80/70
Items Abyssal Scepter
As it will not be going live in 5.10, the Abyssal Scepter rework has been reverted and the item is back to live stats and functionality. Expect the rework to return next PBE cycle.
[This highly experimental item has once again been removed from the PBE as the cycle wraps up for live release. Check out this post for more information.]
Check outfor acatch up with the individual update links below !
0
The sequel World War Z 2 went from intriguing possibility to must-see very quickly last summer when word surfaced that star Brad Pitt was courting his friend and frequent collaborator David Fincher to take the helm. The 2013 zombie actioner had its ups and downs throughout production, going through some significant and highly publicized reshoots to re-conceive the third act, but when all was said and done the film was actually quite good, and audiences responded to the tune of $540 million worldwide. Director Marc Forster was not really in the mix to return for the follow-up, and while Pitt and Co. initially signed The Impossible helmer J.A. Bayona to take the helm, he ended up departing over concerns about chasing a release date, choosing instead to develop and direct Jurassic World 2.
It was unclear what would become of World War Z 2, but the news that Pitt was courting Fincher was A. A sign that Paramount and the film's producers were still keen on making this sequel and B. Proof that Pitt and Co. weren't messing around. Just last month we learned that Fincher is still very much in the mix to direct, so when Collider's Steve Weintraub spoke with producer and Skydance Media CEO David Ellison at SXSW for the premiere of the sci-fi thriller Life, he asked about the status of the film and whether Fincher would direct:
“There's a script that we're incredibly happy with, and it's just getting a couple of key deals closed… We hope [Fincher] makes the movie.”
It's unclear who penned the most recent draft of the script, but we do know that Steven Knight (Taboo, Locke) turned in a script last fall. But when you combine the “key deals” phrase with Ellison's hope that Fincher does indeed direct, it sounds like the filmmaker could be in negotiations to actually sign onto this thing—which is crazy exciting.
Fincher is, simply, one of the best directors who's ever lived, and while he's crafted dramatic masterpieces like The Social Network and Zodiac, successful and thought-provoking popcorn fare like Gone Girl and Panic Room, and even a dramatic epic in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, Fincher has yet to make an out-and-out blockbuster. World War Z 2 gives him that opportunity, plus zombies, so whatever your thoughts on the first movie it's impossible to deny that this is a tremendously exciting prospect.
So to echo Ellison's thoughts here, I too really hope Fincher makes this movie. One reason for the holdup could be that Paramount is currently without a chairman, as Brad Grey exited the post last month. But as soon as a new studio head is hired and settled in, maybe this deal can finally be made and Fincher can be on his way towards crafting a genuine blockbuster.
Ontarians object to the Liberal government's payments to teachers' unions and school boards, a new poll suggests. The Forum Research survey found two-thirds of those questioned do not approve of the millions paid to cover collective bargaining costs.
A new poll suggests most Ontarians object to the provincial payments to teacher unions to offet bargaining costs. And most also aren't buying Premier Kathleen Wynne's explanation that it's standard practice. ( MARK BLINCH / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Fully 67 per cent disapproved of the $2.5 million given to unions and 66 per cent of the $4.6 million handed to boards of education. Only 23 per cent approved of the union payouts and 25 per cent of the cash to school boards, with 10 per cent unsure. “It may or may not be true that these payments are common in collective bargaining, but the important thing is the Ontario voters don't believe it,” said Forum president Lorne Bozinoff. “They don't like the payments one bit.”
Article Continued Below
Bozinoff noted Ontarians are not buying Premier Kathleen Wynne's explanation that such payments are standard practice. About one-quarter — 23 per cent — believe that is true while 60 per cent do not and 17 per cent didn't know. Using interactive voice-response phone calls, Forum surveyed 1,158 people across Ontario from Monday through Wednesday. The results are considered accurate to within three percentage points, 19 times out of 20. The firm also asked Ontarians for their views on Wynne's new Ontario Retirement Pension Plan, which is designed to complement the Canada Pension Plan that former prime minister Stephen Harper refused to boost. Newly elected Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has promised to enrich the CPP, making it unclear whether the ORPP will be necessary, although Wynne is moving forward with its implementation in 2017.
The Ontario scheme was backed by 44 per cent of respondents and disapproved by 34 per cent, with 22 per cent unsure. Opinions appear to be split on whether the ORPP is needed, with 26 per cent saying it isn't, 17 per cent saying it's only required until CPP is bolstered and 31 per cent saying it should be implemented regardless of how much the federal pension is enriched.
Article Continued Below
“The ORPP has tested relatively well in the past, and still does, even though it appears that the new government's intention to expand the federal pension plan might make it unnecessary,” said Bozinoff. What they said about the payouts Premier Kathleen Wynne: “I wish that it didn't cost the public purse that kind of money . . . but no matter . . . whether it's in education, whether it's in health, whether it's in the private sector, whether it's in broadcasting, there is a cost associated with negotiation.” Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown: “There should be transparency. We should know where it was spent. How do we know it even cost $1 million? The fact that they're just guessing, that's not the way to handle taxpayer dollars.” NDP Leader Andrea Horwath: “This shows the process was not one that was taken seriously by the government. They fumbled the ball from day one.” Education Minister Liz Sandals: “This has been an unusually dragged-out process. Both the unions and the boards have had extraordinary costs because everybody is having to rent space and find venues and rooms. This will never happen again. This is the end of the transformation.” Ontario Secondary School Teachers' Federation president Paul Elliott: “When we went through this in 2008 and again in 2012, the president had to sign an attestation (as to how the funds were spent) . . . we had to give a full accounting and a full report was provided — and we expected this would happen this time around.”
Read more about:
Even as a very young boy, he seemed to instinctively turn to his faith in God as a means of overcoming trials.
HERRIMAN — The journey of a young boy with a failing heart captured the heart of a former BYU football player who asked if the two could meet. That visit lifted Mitchell Jones' spirits during a time when he needed encouragement.
Last Thursday, the family postponed an operation to insert a Left Ventricular Assist Device into Mitchell's heart that could prolong his life. Mitchell has Duchenne muscular dystrophy, and the procedure has never been conducted on a child in his condition.
“Even with an LVAD, he faces a very difficult future as his muscles will continue to rapidly waste away,” explained Mitchell's father, Chris Jones.
Mitchell's energy level continues to decrease, and his father said that had been discouraging Mitchell. However, on Sunday he eagerly awaited the arrival of his special guest, former BYU star safety Andrew Rich.
Rich contacted the family through the Deseret News after he read Mitchell's story last week. He knows a little about what the Jones family has faced. Ten months ago, Rich's son was born with heart problems.
“He's had two open-heart surgeries, and Primary Children's (Medical Center) has kind of been our second home,” Rich told the Jones family.
When the 10-year-old learned Rich was coming to visit, he made sure his mom found his Cougar T-shirt and waited anxiously.
“Is he really going to come?” Mitchell asked his mother before Rich arrived. When the doorbell finally rang, Mitchell's face lit up.
“Mitch I read about you. I look up to you. You are stronger than anyone I have ever met,” Rich told Mitchell as he sat down next to him on the couch. “How are you feeling?”
Mitchell said he felt good and immediately warmed up to Rich, even though he is normally shy around strangers.
Then Rich pulled out a surprise for Mitchell.
“This is actually the glove I used in the last football game I played,” Rich explained to Mitchell. “It means a lot to me. It's kind of ugly and there are holes in it, but I want you to have it.”
Mitchell smiled — visibly moved by the gift and Rich's kind words.
“I've had some trying times the past year of my life, nothing like yours, but I am definitely grateful for your example. I just really look up to you,” Rich told Mitchell as the boy rubbed his fingers over the glove.
Many people have told the Jones family on the Facebook page Mitchell's Journey how much they look up to Mitchell, but his biggest admirers remain his brothers and sister. “He always makes us laugh,” explained his sister, Laura-Ashley. “Even when things are down in the dumps, he has a good attitude.”
Chris Jones said his son has shown great faith during his young life. Two years ago, fire threatened the family's home in Herriman. While the other kids were busy packing their personal treasures, Mitchell knelt down and began to pray.
“This wasn't a short prayer, either. He prayed for about 10 minutes in spite of all the chaos of our family preparing for evacuation,” remembered his father. “Even as a very young boy, he seemed to instinctively turn to his faith in God as a means of overcoming trials.”
The family knows the grief they have experienced so far is a dress rehearsal for what is to come. “Through these hard times, I've had to draw upon my faith and really rely on my faith to keep me sustained and keep me going through this journey,” said Mitchell's mother, Natalie Jones.
The Jones family also believes all of the prayers offered on their behalf and the kind words pouring in on Facebook everyday will carry them through the dark moments. “One lady out of Anchorage wrote us and she has done so much to prepare us for what is to come. There is a serenity to her words that is just mind-blowing. She's a tender mercy,” Chris Jones said.
The Jones family has received numerous "tender mercies," which Chris Jones has written about on the Facebook page.
“While navigating the labyrinth of pain and sorrow, Natalie and I often talk about finding joy … and we believe it is all around us,” Mitchell's father wrote in a post he titled Mourning With Those That Mourn. “Even in the midst of our deep heartache with our son's prognosis, we have seen God work in our lives for which we are deeply grateful and we can find joy in the midst of our pain.”
After Rich left, Mitchell asked his dad why people were being so nice to him. Mitchell has also been reading all of the many letters and comments addressed to him.
“Why is everyone interested in me? I'm just a little kid that can't do much,” Mitchell told his father.
But the thousands of people who have been touched by his story believe Mitchell has done much. His ability to laugh through pain, smile even though he is afraid and give beyond his heart's capacity has taught them all that love is the most powerful force of all.
And when he leaves this earth, Mitchell's family hopes he knows he was loved.
Donation information:
A donation account to help with Mitchell's medical expenses and hospice care has been set up at Zions Bank under the name Mitchell Jones Donation Account.
Letters can be sent to: Mitchell's Journey, 5526 W. 13400 South #102, Herriman, UT 84096.
More on KSL 5 News tonight:
Andrew Rich had another surprise for Mitchell Jones. Tonight on KSL 5 News at 10. hear the phone call he received from a BYU icon.
[Image
via ArtByDavidC
]
"I'm not a businessman. I'm a business, mannnnnn."
Has any rap line in the history of rap lines epitomized its speaker more than that?
In just 12 to 20 syllables (depending on how long you hold the “nnnnnnn”) Sean Carter summarized his career, his life, his reason for existence. It's remarkable. Think of everything he's done. From albums to inaugurations, GOAT debates to streaming services, it's all in there. Jay-Z is no longer a person, he's an image, a real life Wizard of Oz who keeps the curtain closely guarded. He's a carefully orchestrated symphony, a well oiled, money making machine designed to squeeze each and every dollar out of each and every endeavor. Jay-Z doesn't act spontaneously, nothing's an accident. Every move is calculated and part of a larger plan. Jay isn't a businessman because he often doesn't seem like a man. He seems like a business.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
But who wants to root for a business? We hate businesses.
Not your mom-and-pop shop or that new burger spot on the corner, but the Wal-Marts of the world. The business that puts GMOs in your food, underpays employees and funds presidential elections. Those businesses are out of touch. They are too rich to know how we feel and if by some miracle they do know they are too rich to care. Jay may not be at the level of Wal-Mart, yet, but in the hip-hop world he is as close as anyone's ever been, both in wealth and in public opinion.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
When I first heard Jay-Z he was a beloved legend. Now? He's often one of hip-hop's biggest punching bags. We make fun of Drake for his softness, Kanye for his craziness or Tyga for his Tyganess. With Jay it's different. Nobody really hates Drake, he's just an easy target, and nobody really hates Jay, but, we just don't even consider him Jay anymore. We are taking shots at what he represents. The monetization and commodification of hip-hop; the face of facelessness. Its like his soul is gone, or at least hidden under Tom Ford suits and basquiat paintings. The same animosity I hear when people talk about big businesses like Apple, Google and Wal-Mart is strikingly similar to the way I hear people talk about Hov now. Out of touch, greedy. Does he see us as people, or customers? Humans or dollar signs? It started when he dropped the hyphen and had Samsung buy a bunch of albums like an overly proud, overly-rich mom, but with his subsequent venture into streaming, the TIDAL wave of hate has begun to drown him.
Or how about this:
That guy hates Jay-Z more than I hate putting sheets on my bed. It seems like the more rational amongst us aren't too far behind though. Literally both my bosses, both veterans in the music internet game, shared a similar, albeit more rational sentiment. Shit, I'm part of it too. When I reviewed TIDAL, I didn't pull any punches. Like rabid dogs to a rotting carcas, we've all dug our teeth in to rip off a pound of flesh. We sent tweets, we wrote reviews, we made memes. Can you blame us? The way Jay went about this business was tone deaf? Does he think we are stupid? You can't just wheel out a bunch of famous people and expect us to buy your product, no matter how much much more it costs and how much less it gives. Companies slapping green labels on their pink slime filled products to make us think it's organic is oddly similar to Jay leading a battalion of the rich and famous and telling us it's all about the music. It's gotten to the point where even Jay knows it.
Like an evil villain, he sat in his chair, ominously stroking a kitten as he talked with his roundtable of PR people, analysts and Yes Men about how he could win us back. What smoke and mirrors could he break out to make us forget how monetized he's become? Is there anything that could be done to save TIDAL? He got panned for shoving friends in our faces. He got panned for taking to Twitter to defend his new venture; it was seen as desperate. What could he do?
He could put on one hell of a show.
Jay traded Daft Punk, Beyonce and Coldplay for a live band. Instead of trying to convince us in 140 characters he played “Never Change.” (Ironic, no?). It worked. I'm not a TIDAL subscriber so I wasn't there, I couldn't watch it, but thanks to Twitter I didn't need to be there to see the impact. My timeline was littered with praise. There were more tweets when he brought out Beanie Sigel than when Steph Curry hit a game winner. Oh shit! Did he really just play “22 Twos”?!! For an hour and fifty three minutes, Jay reminded us what he used to be and what he could still do.
We backed him into a corner and he came out swinging. When I finally got to watch the show, it was like watching Paul Pierce hit a game winning three. He may not be at his peak anymore, but the magic was still there. Jay has always been one of my favorite rappers, but I've never thought he was the best rapper. Don't get me wrong, the way he strings together words and bars that otherwise would sound awkward and sloppy is immaculate, but what makes Jay unique is his showmanship; that x-factor. When he raps you are forced to listen. He has a presence. The bigger the spotlight, the better he is. Jay is a gamer. This may have been a B-side show, but Jay's B-sides are bigger than most rappers A-material.
In all the hate, I forgot how I know all the words to “Encore,” I don't even remember trying to learn them. I forgot that “U Don't Know” gives me goosebumps every single time without fail. I forgot that that same larger-than-life, grand bordering on ostentatious showmanship I have panned him for is the exact same reason why Jay's music is timeless. He dropped bombs for two hours and didn't even begin to scratch the surface of his arsenal. This TIDAL B-Side show was a publicity stunt, we all knew it, and yet it worked. I was reminded how much I love Jay-Z.
“Dark Knight feeling, die and be a hero / Or live long enough to see yourself become a villain.”
Hip-hop is an underdog story and Jay was so good at telling it he stopped being the underdog. Jay is remarkable, he's shown how limitless hip-hop is, partly because of the trail he has blazed. Yet he's also been done in by that same entrepreneurial spirit. Jay-Z is a movement, and like any movement that started in the streets and blew up he's gotten to the point where he's more over-the-counter than counter-culture. Still, it shouldn't take away from his many accomplishments.
Jay buying and pushing TIDAL doesn't take away from how every single track on The Black Album is a classic. It's not fair to treat him like every other rapper because he isn't every other rapper. There is no other Jay-Z and there never will be. We don't have to love the brand Jay-Z, we don't have to buy his shit because he tells us to, but we have to remember he got to this point for a reason, because he's one of the greatest to ever grab the mic and no amount of streams, commercials or products can change that. He's at this point for a reason, and we have to focus on the reason, not the point.
Can he live? Will we let him?
[Lucas Garrison is a writer for DJBooth.net. His favorite album is “College Dropout,” but you can also tweet him your favorite Migos songs at @LucasDJBooth]
Suspected Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock maintained deep ties to ISIS, suggests new evidence as a clear picture of what actually happened comes into focus.
Here are the takeaways from the evidence so far:
1) Paddock had been radicalized, either for real or as part of a cover as he had the hallmarks of an intelligence agency cutout. Intelligence agencies were behind the rise of ISIS.
2) Paddock worked for a major aerospace company which had connections with Skunkworks – and he held multiple pilot licenses.
3) There was more than one shooter, and Paddock was clearly not acting alone.
4) Paddock was spending millions of dollars a year as an “apartment complex manager” while traveling the world and was a frequent guest at casinos – and, interestingly, casinos are one of the few legal places where someone can still launder money. You exchange money for chips, no questions asked, and even if you lose 20% or 30% from gambling, the casino gives you the rest of your money back when you turn in your chips.
5) There is a major cover-up of the shooting that is frustrating state and federal-level investigators who are being roadblocked by deep state insiders, sources told Infowars.
6) There were over 20 firearms transported to Paddock's room in a casino which is under constant surveillance, even in the hotel rooms themselves. Notice how the mainstream media was so quick to claim Paddock was a “lone operator” the morning after the shooting, despite this clear discrepancy.
7) Evidence is suggesting that Paddock was possibly a gun runner for an intelligence agency, which would explain all the guns and the other aforementioned oddities surrounding the shooting. Even his radicalization would still fit into that narrative – remember, former CIA Director John Brennan was rumored to have converted to Wahhabism.
This video lays out all the evidence indicating there was more than one shooter:
And, as we reported earlier, a former Trump campaign official said he was leaked information from high-level sources that Las Vegas massacre gunman Stephen Paddock made an ISIS propaganda tape.
While Infowars does not outright endorse the veracity of the official's claims, there's other evidence which similarly emphasizes Paddock's ties to ISIS.
After a FBI source told Infowars that photos taken in the Middle East and Antifa literature was found in the suspect's hotel room, Clark Co. Sheriff Joe Lombardo hinted the shooter may have been “radicalized” and wasn't acting alone.
And it wasn't until after Infowars reported the Middle Eastern photos that officials revealed Paddock's girlfriend had visited Dubai.
Clearly there's more than one shooter, FBI sources confirmed to Infowars, and one of the shooters was firing at fuel tanks near the concert in an attempt to ignite them.
Video reveals two different types of firearms firing simultaneously.
Also, law enforcement sources believe the unidentified couple who told concert goers they were “all going to f***ing die” if they didn't leave were likely part of the group behind the shooting, but later got cold feet and were trying to warn others of the impending massacre.
ISIS featured a photo of the Mandalay Bay hotel drenched in blood on the cover of its latest newsletter – and the terrorist group also claimed Paddock was radicalized six months before.
1. After ISIS claimed Vegas, I was waiting for them to release Naba, their weekly newsletter, to see if anything new emerged. Naba is out: pic.twitter.com/yX8AN3OdSX — Rukmini Callimachi (@rcallimachi) October 5, 2017
New York Times correspondent Rukmini Callimachi even admitted that “ISIS has rarely claimed attacks that were not by either their members or sympathizers.”
As far as the Antifa connections, we reported on Tuesday how members of Antifa are receiving military training in the Syrian Civil War as part of a dark triad between Antifa, anarcho-communist Kurds and Kurds linked to ISIS.
A Roku 3 television streaming player is arranged for a photograph in Los Angeles, California, U.S., on Thursday, Sept. 12, 2013. Roku Inc. announced an all-new family of streaming players, Roku LT, Roku 1 and Roku 2, which are designed to provide a better TV experience. Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg via Getty Images
One group that may lose out if the Comcast-Time Warner Cable deal goes through may be Roku owners.
Roku, the popular streaming device, is one of the easiest ways to watch Netflix, Hulu Plus, and pretty much anything on your television. And if you pay for premium TV, (or know somebody who does ) you can probably use Roku with popular apps like HBO Go to watch loads of content on demand.
But if you get cable TV via Comcast, the largest U.S. cable provider, you can't take full advantage of a Roku. You can't use the HBO Go or Showtime Anytime apps, among others. And unlike Time Warner Cable, which has an app on Roku that lets subscribers watch TV live and on demand, Comcast doesn't have a Roku app for its cable service.
If Comcast's $45 billion acquisition of Time Warner Cable is approved by government regulators, there's a chance that existing TWC subscribers may lose out, too.
Roku is not exactly a tiny player. The company has said it has sold close to 8 million streaming devices in the U.S., and Roku sales accounted for more than one-fifth of U.S. sales of standalone streaming devices in the last three months of 2013, according to NPD Group. Google Chromecast and Apple TV, competitors in the market, accounted for 47 percent and 27 percent, respectively.
The ability to watch HBO Go and other TV and video using Roku is something that owners of the streaming device seem to demand. A forum on the media and communication giant's website that features requests for HBO Go and access to the company's cable package on Roku is 38 pages long, and a Facebook page that pleads with Comcast to support HBO Go has nearly 2,000 supporters.
"I just wanted to stand up with everyone else here and state that as a customer, I would like to be able to access HBOGO from my Roku!," one person wrote last month in a Comcast forum. "If this is not an option in the near future and if I am not able to find a work-around I will leave Comcast."
Roku owners who subscribe to Time Warner Cable don't have these problems (though they certainly have plenty of others). Apart from being able to access some of their premium cable networks, they can use the TWC app to bypass Time Warner Cable's notoriously user-unfriendly cable box allowing those who want to watch cable on more than one TV to save an $11 monthly fee for an additional cable box.
It's unclear what would happen to Roku owners with Time Warner Cable subscriptions if the merger goes through. Neither Comcast nor Time Warner Cable would say. "It's still many months before the proposed merger is expected to close and it's too early to speculate about specifics like platforms or apps," said Rich Ruggiero, a spokesman for Time Warner Cable.
When asked why Comcast subscribers with Rokus can't access certain apps, Comcast repeated a statement it has used in the past to address questions about accessibility on devices:
"With every new website, device or player we authenticate, we need to work through technical integration and customer service which takes time and resources," a Comcast spokesperson said in the statement. "Moving forward, we will continue to prioritize as we partner with various players.”
But this doesn't seem to be a high priority for Comcast. HBO Go has been available on Roku for more than two years, and Comcast still doesn't support it.
"Face to Face" with the prime minister is a simple concept. Ten Canadians get 10 minutes each with Justin Trudeau to discuss whatever they want.
These 10 individuals each have a story, and a personal stake in what they're discussing.
Until now, few Canadians have had this kind of direct, personal access to a prime minister — and certainly not with a TV camera running to add a layer of accountability.
No doubt there will be questions about this process; there always are when you try something new. The one we have been getting most often is "How did you find the 10 Canadians?"
Watch "Face to Face with the Prime Minister," a special CBC News presentation Sunday 8 p.m. ET on CBC News Network and CBC.ca; 9 p.m. local time on CBC TV
We found them the way that we find people for all of our journalism. We look for those who have interesting stories, who have real concerns and who reflect our country.
It's no different than how we look for characters for our two-minute news items.
You can watch the results of Canadians' interviews with the prime minister Sunday night at 8 on CBC News Network and online, and at 9 on your local stations. (CBC)
Granted the stakes are higher for something like this and we understand that.
Canada is facing some grim challenges, and there are significant questions to be asked of the prime minister.
Our producers, Nicole Brewster-Mercury and Angela Hennessy, went into this with a very clear goal: find 10 people who reflect this country, who are diverse in their sex, age, region, race, politics and lifestyle, and who are passionate about an issue and can hold their own for 10 minutes with the PM.
Not a contest
We did not, purposefully, put out a call to "Meet the prime minister." We didn't want to start there.
So we started by asking our bureaus across the country to suggest people who had caught their eye as interesting and engaging during the recent election campaign.
We worked with CBC Radio's Cross Country Checkup listening to hours of back episodes on topics ranging from Canada's role in the fight against ISIS to the future of infrastructure.
CBC News host Peter Mansbridge describes the idea behind "Face to face with the prime minister, in which 10 Canadians get 10 minutes each with Justin Trudeau to discuss whatever they want. 1:00
We reached out to local journalists and community centres, and contacted mommy groups on Facebook. We cold-called chambers of commerce, volunteer groups and mayors' offices in small towns.
We made hundreds of phone calls, sent messages on forums, and DM-ed people on Twitter who had been speaking up about an issue that mattered to them.
Often we'd start speaking with one person who would recommend someone different, a friend, who would then suggest another friend, who would tell us to speak to her sister, or brother, or daughter.
We did not tell them what we were doing. Not a single conversation started with: "Would you like to meet the prime minister?"
CBC's Chief Political Correspondent Peter Mansbridge meets the 10 Canadians selected for some individual face-time with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau this week. You can watch the results of their interviews Sunday night at 8 on CBC News Network and online, and at 9 on your local stations. (CBC)
We wanted to know their story first. What makes this person tick.
We asked about their lives, their jobs, their parents, their kids, what makes them laugh, what worries them, what keeps them up at night.
And finally, after many calls later to follow-up, what, if anything, they'd want to ask the prime minister if they had the chance.
Once we narrowed down our 10, and told just them what we were doing, the response ranged from excitement to nervousness to disbelief to determination.
This opportunity is not lost on any of them.
CBC News put Canadians at the forefront of our election coverage. And this program is a natural extension of that.
These 10 Canadians are the focus of this program. They are not politicians or special interest advocates. They have never met the prime minister.
They are citizens with frank questions about policies that affect their everyday lives.
They are ordinary people who have been given an extraordinary opportunity.
And in offering them this opportunity, we hope others in this country from coast to coast also feel like their voices have been heard.
In-development mech action game Project Nimbus has released a teaser trailer showing off some of their backstory and some rather good-looking graphics alongside interesting gameplay.
While the voiceover script needs some improvement (“we still divided seek to kill each other”), the overall game concept is very interesting, looks genuinely action packed and fun to play. In essence, players fly around in mechanised ‘battleframes' firing hails of missiles and bullets at enemies.
Graphically too, the game appears to hit their target market. According to their website, “If intense battle scenes in Japanese mech animations capture your imagination, this is definitely what you are looking for.”
The game is currently present on Steam Greenlight, after having been posted there on the 20th July.
Project Nimbus is being developed by indie games developer GameCrafterTeam based in Thailand whose previous commercial titles include Hypersonic 4 and Smash Cat. Their games, including Project Nimbus, are developed using the Unreal Development Kit.
While the teaser trailer and website might seem a little rough around the edges, we have to remember this is an indie developer breaking out and developing what looks like a promising game. TGU will certainly be following it with interest and we're sure that any rough edges will be polished up in time.
For more information, you can visit their official website – http://projectnimbusthegame.com/
Advertisements
Bank Of America Gives Same Account Number To Two Customers, Deposits $30K In Social Security Payments To The Wrong One
While Bank of America may have millions and millions of customers, one would think that having 10-digit account numbers would allow the bank to have billions of customers without duplicating a number. But this is BofA, who not only managed to have two customers with identical numbers for two years — depositing $30,000 of Social Security payments into the wrong account during that time — but who also shrugs it off by saying this “does happen occasionally.”
The L.A. Times' David Lazarus has the story of an 88-year-old retiree who had banked with BofA for 60 years. Last December, his son and grandson began looking into the octogenarian's accounts when it became clear he could no longer handle day-to-day maintenance of his finances. They immediately noticed that he hadn't received a Social Security payment, which was to be direct-deposited to a BofA account, since March 2009.
So son and grandson went to the BofA branch, where they were told that grandpa and grandma's account numbers had been changed in 2009 because of unspecified suspicious activity. The bank said it had notified Social Security about the change and grandma's payments had been going through with no problem, but that wasn't the case for gramps.
“The bank manager said they could see on the screen that my grandfather's checks were going to a different account,” the grandson tells the L.A. Times. “But they said there was nothing they could do about it.”
Unable to get a good explanation from the bank, they were forced to bring in a Sheriff's deputy to get confirmation that the money had been going to another account with the same number. The deputy then referred the case to the local District Attorney to open an investigation.
A couple months later, authorities arrested the 38-year-old woman who had been receiving the payments erroneously, saying she had known all along that she wasn't supposed to be getting someone else's Social Security cash. She ultimately entered a guilty plea and agreed to pay back the entire $30,000 to the SSA and another $4,000 to the BofA customer it was supposed to go to.
“It's just shameful that Bank of America let it get this far,” said the grandson. “What's really despicable is that the bank knew all along that it was responsible.”
The grandfather finally got his cash, but not from BofA. It came from the Social Security folks. Which means taxpayers are footing the bill for the bank's screw-up and the other customer's larceny.
Bank of America, which the grandson says has never apologized to his family, tells the Times, “This is an unusual and unfortunate incident… It's not common that this happens. But it does happen occasionally.”
Bank of America's handling of blunder is troubling [L.A. Times]
Thanks to Pamela for the tip!
Families of Australian victims of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 downed by a missile over Ukraine in July 2014 are seeking compensation of $10 million per passenger in what could result in one of the largest aviation disaster payouts in history.
The claim served by Sydney legal firm LHD Lawyers on May 9 to the European Court of Human Rights lays the blame squarely at the door of the Russians.
Proposed respondents to the claim are the Russian Federation and President Vladimir Putin. It argues that Russia recognises an attack on a passenger plane is an egregious act having offered "a $50 million reward in connection with the terrorist downing of an Egyptian Airline that killed a large number of Russian citizens".
There are 33 next of kin named in the application, eight from Australia, one from New Zealand and the remainder from Malaysia. There were 298 occupants on the plane which, lawyers say, could potentially take the compensation bill to almost $3 billion.
If you bought something online in the last year, the odds are pretty high that the transaction was processed by Stripe, the San Francisco startup founded and led by Irish brothers, Patrick and John Collison. Some of the most popular apps in the US, including Lyft, OpenTable and Target, have adopted the service. As Stripe raced to keep up with rapid growth last year, the company interviewed thousands of potential recruits, increasing headcount more than 70 per cent to about 600. But before they could get a job offer, most serious candidates were asked to meet with one of the two Collisons.
The twenty-something brothers liked having a say in who got hired because they said it maintained consistency. They would each spend as much as 15 hours a week on job interviews, but finding time on their calendars was a frequent source of frustration for recruiters. A similar practice was made famous by Larry Page, who said he signed off on every Google hire after he returned as chief executive in 2011. But the Collisons found the limit of this exercise in January, when they agreed to hand off the responsibility.
The solution was to create a team dedicated to interviewing job candidates. Each recruit must meet somebody from that group or a senior executive before getting hired. Because the interviewer is purposefully not from the same department as the applicant, the system is designed to prevent the company from lowering its standards to fill a desperately needed role. The team has four employees now, and the company expects to have as many as 16 by the end of the year. Similar programs exist at Uber Technologies and Amazon, which calls the interviewers “bar raisers.” John Collison, Stripe's 26-year-old president, said: “It's going to save me and Patrick from interviewing an ungodly number of people.”
In seven years, the Collison brothers built Stripe into a global company valued at $9.2 billion (€8.2 billion), now with 750 employees. But they continued to run many aspects of the business as if it were still a tiny startup. The downside: Not only did micromanage eat into their own schedules, but it also sometimes delayed decision-making company-wide, contributed to breakdowns in communication and bogged down staffers in minutiae.
Let go
Recently, the brothers learned it's often best to let go. While the young college dropouts remain the public faces of Stripe and will host an onstage event on Thursday for customers in San Francisco, they've been delegating more of their duties to a small group of lieutenants. A key deputy is Claire Hughes Johnson, the company's chief operating officer and the one who first proposed the bar-raiser programme. In addition to recruiting, the duo has started to step back from customer relations, fundraising meetings, geographic expansion and product development.
Many entrepreneurs hear stories about an effective business leader who labours over every detail, and they try to emulate it in the hopes of creating the next Snapchat or Uber, said Rob Siegel, a lecturer of entrepreneurship at Stanford University's business school. However, over-attachment can thwart a company's growth.
“We read about the mythical founder-entrepreneur who's on top of details and works 24/7,” Siegel said. “But as a leader, you should understand that your only job is to set the vision, hire a great team and don't run out of money. Otherwise, you're probably not spending your time wisely.”
When one of the Collisons got obsessed with something in the past, it could turn into a major time-suck for the entire company.
As Stripe was rapidly adding customers in 2014, it became inundated with unanswered support requests. The response from Patrick Collison, the chief executive officer, was to get directly involved, according to people who worked there at the time. Patrick and John devoted hours to answering support tickets. The chief executive told staff at an all-hands meeting that they were expected to pitch in. Employees from software engineering, legal and other departments spent evenings and weekends responding to customer inquiries and participating in support-ticket “hackathons.” They put their regular work on hold for weeks, devoting several hours a day to the task.
Going all hands on deck was effective in the short-term but unsustainable, said Michael Schade, an early member of the support team who's now a software engineer at Stripe.
“Having everyone huddled around with Patrick and John, answering support emails together, is now thankfully a distant memory,” he said. Eventually, the Collisons agreed to hire support vendors and open offices in other time zones. The suggestion came from Johnson, who experienced a similar challenge at Google before she joined Stripe.
The founders' attention tends to gravitate toward their interests. The chief executive loves to code, so he had the entire software engineering team reporting directly to him until 2015, when the number reached about two dozen, said Raylene Yung, a senior engineer. The setup was a slog, with projects hanging in limbo awaiting Patrick's feedback or signoff, she said. Yung and another manager eventually took over and are now the only two under Patrick from that department.
Forgot
Customers faced a similar problem. A main avenue for giving feedback to the company was by contacting the founders through email, Twitter or Hacker News messages. But the Collisons frequently forgot to pass along the notes or follow up with customers, said Vicki Lin, head of sales and account management for the US and Canada. Again, it was Johnson who helped the company build out a more mature system, where each of Stripe's biggest customers is assigned a dedicated liaison. “We were too much of a bottleneck of feedback getting to our product team,” John said.
When the brothers aren't trying to intervene in every part of the business, things move faster. “Two years ago, when Patrick and I were closely involved, we could only do one hard product at once, like launching in the UK,” John said. “Now I see things come along where I'm like, ‘Whoa, I didn't realise that was ready to launch.'”
Patrick said he and his brother have been able to scale back their involvement thanks to an executive team that's earned their trust. A fundraising effort late last year was the first that wasn't led by a Collison. Chief financial officer Will Gaybrick oversaw negotiations for a $150 million investment that nearly doubled the company's valuation. Gaybrick also handles preparations for board meetings, another former Collison duty. Chief business officer Billy Alvarado leads the company's biggest partnerships and its international expansion .
“Not only are John and I not the primary forces behind so much of what's significant that Stripe does, we might be 20th or 50th or even absent on the list of people driving some of the most important things we do,” Patrick said.
Despite handing off many of their old responsibilities, the Collisons profess to being busier than ever. But having spent almost all of their adult lives working on Stripe, the brothers, who still live together in an apartment in San Francisco, entertain thoughts of what they would do if they had fewer demands on their time.
“I'm sure I'd be some kind of infrastructure developer, and I'm pretty sure John would be a fundamentals-oriented public market investor,” Patrick said. “Last week, I came home, and he was like, ‘You'll never guess what's in their 10-K.' It was for some satellite company. I once caught him listening to the NetSuite earnings call in bed. He was calling out quotes to me.”
Bloomberg
“If reports are credible that the Assad regime has used chemical weapons resulting in the estimated deaths of hundreds of civilians, then clearly a red line has been crossed again,” Engel said.
That's right, clearly it would mean a red line has been crossed again…but, in which direction and since it didn't matter the first time does that mean it doubly doesn't matter this time?
Eleven years ago we got the Weapons of Mass Destruction scare. As a result, we invaded Iraq, needlessly, and thousands of Americans died fighting a war that no one but they and their families had to pay for on a daily basis. Taxes went down, not up. No one had to pay anything. The worst part is that it was all built on scare tactics that Republicans and Democrats alike went right along with. Now I see we're replaying that film.
Well, Representative Eliot Engel, ranking Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, thinks this really really matters. He thinks that this time, if the Syrian government used nerve gas on the al-Qa'ida freedom loving rebel soldiers then we ought to do something. This is why idiots should shut their mouths. We're already arming the rebels in Syria and have been for two years both covertly and openly. What else would this fool have us do? Invade? Well, yes, maybe but President Obama doesn't see it that way. See, he's still massively regretting having ever said anything at all about “red lines” back when he was trying to look tough. Back then he said evidence of a gas attack would mean a “red line” had been crossed, whatever that means. Now he's backing down.
This is classic bullshit. Take note.
OBAMA: Well, we are right now gathering information about this particular event, but I can say that unlike some of the evidence that we were trying to get earlier that led to a U.N. investigator going into Syria, what we've seen indicates that this is clearly a big event of grave concern. And, you know, we are already in communications with the entire international community. We're moving through the U.N. to try to prompt better action from them. And we've called on the Syrian government to allow an investigation of the site, because U.N. inspectors are on the ground right now.
We don't expect cooperation, given their past history, and, you know, what I do believe is that — although the situation in Syria is very difficult and the notion that the U.S. can somehow solve what is a sectarian, complex problem inside of Syria sometimes is overstated…
CUOMO: But delay can be deadly, right, Mr. President?
OBAMA: … there is — there is no doubt that when you start seeing chemical weapons used on a large scale — and, again, we're still gathering information about this particular event, but it is very troublesome…
CUOMO: There's strong proof they used them already, though, in the past.
*Slow clap*
Good stuff, Mr. Obama and you as well Mr. Cuomo. I especially like the tone of urgency in Mr. Cuomo's phrasing. It's so melodramatic. Of course there isn't any strong proof that Syria has used chemical weapons in the past. That's just something U.S. Intelligence is claiming, no one else is claiming that except the rebels who also can't show it ever happened. There's also no evidence that they're using them now and it wouldn't even make any sense because *gasp* the Syrian government is winning. Even Israel thinks so. So, why in the hell would Assad use chemical weapons now when he's winning and why would he escalate their use of these weapons now when that would only hurt him?
The answer is that he wouldn't because he's not a maniacal heart eating idiot. He knows that UN inspectors are already in Syria and he's already winning the war. Gas is a tool of last resort, not a tool for a coup de grace. The only reason this is coming up now is because Obama doesn't want American boots on the ground. He wants a UN resolution. He wants UN boots on the ground or at least a no fly zone. He can't sell US unilateral invasion. He could sell a UN resolution. It would be so un-Bush, such proof that he's a responsible leader. This would accomplish seeming legitimacy for US military action which is so sorely wanting when it's actually a complete manipulation of events. It would undermine Assad or topple him which does three things that are very important to President Obama.
It isolates Hezbollah and protects Israel.
It isolates Iran even further and sends a message. “You're next.”
It erodes Russia's sphere of influence further. Yep, the government still cares about Russia.
This is a terrible plan. Russia and China will never go along with it so why does Obama keep pushing? Two words, “red line.” He's already said it. He can't un-say it and it makes one wonder if this was all a set up and it makes one wonder just whether or not the entire gas attack was self inflicted by the rebels in Syria. Seems unthinkable, right? Forget that, it's absolutely thinkable. According to which news source you believe, roughly half of the rebel forces are made up of jihadists. Those people will do any damn thing and there's circa 50,000 of them in the fight. Whats more, they're losing. If there is any time for them to fake a gas attack it is now. Oh, and here's the video proof of a gas attack.
Hear that dull thumping like concrete sort of exploding? Those are mortars. The thing that looks like a rocket at the end? That's a rocket and there's absolutely no way to tell who's firing them or who they're firing them at. There's also this “evidence” of a gas attack which shows absolutely no evidence of any gas attack nor even any of the discoloration that accompanies a nerve gas attack. Don't get me wrong, people are absolutely dying but it doesn't make sense for Assad to use gas when he can just do this:
…which is infinitely more effective for both killing your enemy and denying them a tactical safe haven.
Understand one thing, this is not a battle between good and evil. It's a battle between jihadists and a Shi'ite dictatorship. This fight has already made Iraq increasingly unstable thereby undoing some of what the US did so poorly in Iraq and threatens to create a wider conflict between interested parties, the US, Russia, China, Israel, Iran, that apparently our President has given very little thought to. Conn Hallinan from Portside states it perfectly:
It is hard to tell if the administration's policies around Syria are Machiavellian or just stunningly inept. Take President Obama's famous “red line” speech warning the Assad regime that the use of chemical weapons would trigger U.S. military intervention. Didn't the president realize that his comment was a roadmap for the insurgency: show that chemical weapons were used and in come the Marines? As if on cue, the insurgents began claiming poison gas was used on them, a charge the Damascus regime has denied.
And they'll continue to deny it because it isn't happening. You are being lied to and, if you've read this far, then understand that back in 2003 I fell for this the first time and spent the next ten years involved in that con. Don't fall for it. Please.
This column is part of Globe Careers' Leadership Lab series, where executives and experts share their views and advice about leadership and management. Follow us at @Globe_Careers. Find all Leadership Lab stories attgam.ca/leadershiplab.
Think you're the only one with the latest and greatest idea or next big game changer? Think again. If there's one thing I learned at the helm of my own high-tech start-up, it's that the chances of nobody doing what you're doing are pretty slim. And the sooner you acknowledge it, the stronger your odds of succeeding.
When I reflect back on my personal experience launching a 3D imaging company in 2000, it's easy to spot the mistakes we made despite our success. We eventually sold the company and I joined the business development team at Mitacs, a national not-for-profit organization that connects top-level research with private-sector needs. Now I rub shoulders with some of Canada's brightest young minds every day, helping them to identify ways to get their own business plans off the ground.
Story continues below advertisement
Both experiences continue to shape my views on what small Canadian companies should and shouldn't do to succeed. Here are the top five innovation mistakes I've found small businesses typically make.
Not seeing past the next deadline
Often with start-ups, there's this romantic notion of two people starting out in a garage or basement, working night and day to solve a challenge and eventually getting noticed by the big guys. Then your first round of investment funding arrives and there are milestones to meet. You start to assemble people you know to help and work crazy hours. In short, your focus is on your deadline and little else.
It happened to me. I was fortunate to have a high-profile partner in my 3D imaging company. His name gave our company credibility and put us in a better negotiating position for raising capital. With each injection of cash came a milestone to meet and we were so dedicated to completing the task at hand, we weren't necessarily planning for our future or looking to see what else was out there. When you work with blinders on, you're going to miss something. It's important to strike the right balance of shortsightedness and farsightedness – to invest time and energy into staying abreast of industry developments that could impact your business and adequately preparing for bringing your product to market.
Working in isolation
Had I known about the wealth of opportunities available to collaborate with Canadian universities, my business would have leveraged them. I thought we were doing a good job keeping a pulse on the latest research because we had hired a number of people with PhDs, we subscribed to publications, and we attended trade shows. But that's just the tip of the iceberg.
If you're actually collaborating with the top academics in your field, they're going to be connected with other academics around the world and their partners. It will open your eyes to possibilities and will stop you from investing time and energy in a problem that has already been solved or where there's existing research or technology that you can leverage to speed up your own development.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Designing yourself out of a market
Industry watchers call it the 'Look what I can do' effect. A company is so passionate about its invention, it loses sight of the market validation. Before you know it, you've added so many bells and whistles that the product may be too expensive for someone to actually buy.
Ask yourself, 'Does this invention solve the right problem or does it further complicate things for users?' In the long run, your ambition might simply create a market for someone else to exploit. When your slick technology doesn't sell, it's easy for the other guy to come along with a simpler – and inferior – product that appeals to the masses.
Ignoring alternate paths to success
One of the best decisions we made in my business was to acquire the rights to a technology that already existed. Using those components as a starting point allowed us to move forward faster and to concentrate on where we could really add value. Too many times, I see small companies reinvent the wheel, either because they think it hasn't been invented yet or they think their wheel is different. Sometimes they just like the idea of reinventing it and owning it for themselves.
Purchasing intellectual property or partnering with another company can help speed your time to market and reduce risk. You may think sticking to your own development path is easiest because it fits your comfort zone, but it's certainly not the safest.
Story continues below advertisement
Nobody knows what we know
There's no room for arrogance in a start-up. You may think you have the greatest thing since sliced bread and you know more about your technology than anyone else, but that's usually false. Just because you're on the cutting edge doesn't mean you're alone. The sooner you explore your opportunities to network or collaborate, the more successful you're likely to be.
All too often, small start-up companies get caught up in the activities of launching a business. You're so occupied with deadlines, solving challenges, and thinking about cool features, you neglect to look beyond your four walls.
As early on as possible, map out a strategy for leveraging outside expertise, knowledge, intellectual property, and funding – and build your business strategy around those core pieces. You'll get to market quicker, with the very best product or service at the lowest cost with the lowest risk – and you'll avoid mistakes along the way.
Eric Bosco is chief business development officer at Mitacs, a national, not-for-profit organization that connects top-level research with private-sector needs. Prior to joining Mitacs in 2007, he served as founder and CEO of XYZ Imaging, a company he led from small start-up to a world leader and innovator in the use of holography in the 3D imaging industry.
Scuderia Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel feels that the way Mercedes aggressively backed up the grid during the formation lap at Sochi Autodrom was ‘ridiculous'.
On the approach to the grid on the formation lap, it appeared as though Lewis Hamilton was dropping back from the pole-sitter Nico Rosberg, and Vettel was unhappy with the tactic.
“I just thought he was going unreasonably slowly,” Vettel told reporters at the Circuit of the Americas, the venue for this weekend's United States Grand Prix. “There was no reason to go that slow. If you want to pack up the field you can do it earlier and not in the very last bit.
“So I tried to tell them, ‘look, go', because it's just ridiculous. You also need to be aware that if you stop that suddenly and aggressively, then five cars back it has a much different effect than when you are the car just behind. Also the restart was quite smelly and not the way to do it. There is a rule.
“For the formation lap I tried to show him there was no reason to go that slow. It was both of them that were going very slow, and at the restart it was something similar. So maybe they need to look into it again.”
Vincent Dooly (Andrew Bowser) is an aspiring inventor who dreams of winning an annual inventing award. There's only one problem… he's never made anything that's worked.
Now, it's the last year he can enter and he has some stiff competition from Martin Wooderson, the smug wunderkind who has a long history of winning. But this time, Vincent has a plan… and it just might change everything.
Written By Joseph M. Petrick and directed by Petrick & Bowser, the film is a comedy about an indomitable oddball who refuses to give up on his dreams and is a reflection of the filmmakers' own dreams. The film was made with money raised mostly from friends and family, it is a testament to the hilarity of perpetual failure and the triumph of spirit to get back up and try again.
Duration
2 min 46 sec
Views
121,920
Posted On
December 22, 2008 Director
Joseph M. Petrick
Writer
Joseph M. Petrick
Studio
Independent
Release
April 17, 2009 Cast
Andrew Bowser
Jimmi Simpson
Kevin Corrigan
Dee Walalce
Mark Boone Junior Trailer Tracks
No Music Available Comedy
Jimmi Simpson
Kevin Corrigan
Mark Boone Junior
Another potential candidate for the Toronto Blue Jays' general manager search has emerged.
Kansas City Royals assistant GM of major-league and international operations Rene Francisco interviewed for the job, according to FOX Sports' Ken Rosenthal.
Francisco joined the Royals in 2005 after serving as the director of international scouting for the Atlanta Braves. He also previously assumed the same role with the Los Angeles Dodgers, and his specialty is evaluating and finding talent in Latin America.
Salvador Perez is the most notable player to be scouted and signed by Francisco, who inked one of the best catchers in the American League for only $65,000 at the time.
Dodgers senior vice president Josh Byrnes, Cleveland Indians VP of player personnel Ross Atkins, and Blue Jays interim GM Tony LaCava are the other candidates who could land the job on a full-time basis.
Blue Jays team president Mark Shapiro has said there's no timetable for hiring a permanent GM.
"That's obviously a critical hiring decision, and as we work through that process I want to be extremely thorough, ensuring that we arrive at the best person to lead the Toronto Blue Jays organization as the next general manager," Shapiro said earlier this month at a press conference to introduce LaCava as the club's interim GM.
Alex Anthopoulos served as Toronto's GM from 2010-15, and announced on Oct. 29 he rejected a long-term extension from the club. Anthopoulos was named Sporting News' Executive of the Year after making several high-profile trades to help the team clinch its first postseason berth since 1993.
Right now is a rare time for Leafs Nation, a time in which they can smile and take pride in the performance of Toronto's prospects playing in major junior hockey. Erie Otters captain Connor Brown was recently named OHL MVP after a 128 point season, Guelph Storm captain Matt Finn has led his team to the Memorial Cup Final, and Frederik Gauthier scored nine points in eleven playoff games with Rimouski.
Yet the most attention being paid to a Leafs prospect right now is at 2013 6th round pick, Val-d'Or goalie, Antoine Bibeau.
Bibeau was acquired mid-season from Charlottetown, and may be the final piece the Foreurs needed for a championship team. Along with Red Wings draftee Anthony Mantha, Bibeau has had an excellent playoff run, and may have saved his best hockey for when it matters most. In the Memorial Cup round robin, Bibeau posted an impressive 51-save shutout against London, and then turned away another 47 shots in an OT win over Edmonton, allowing Val-d'Or to be only victory away from the Memorial Cup final.
Though many in Leafs Nation are impressed with Bibeau's outstanding play in the Memorial Cup round robin, so much so that a friend of mine even dubbed him “the future of Toronto's goaltending,” is Bibeau the real deal?
On a greater scale, Bibeau's game has not been as spectacular as he has been this spring. He began the year with an 8-16-0 record, though that was with a mediocre Charlottetown squad, though he did manage to post a respectable .911 SV%. After being traded to a far superior Val-d'Or club, he faced fewer shots per game, dropping from 36.9 to 30.5, yet his individual numbers did not improve by much. Though his GAA fell from 3.29 to 3.03, his SV% was actually worse with Val-d'Or, at .900 after 26 regular season games.
While Bibeau has many good qualities to him; he's big and covers a lot of net, he's very agile, especially going from post-to-post, and generally has strong positioning, he has a fairly large flaw in his game, that being his rebound control. While he makes a lot of saves, as he did against London and Edmonton, he may be creating more shots against than need be, as he tends to kick pucks into the slot creating rebounds and scoring chances for the opposition, something evident when the Foreurs were blown out by Guelph in game two of the round robin. When discussing Bibeau with LWOS head hockey writer Ben Kerr, the rebound problem was the first thing he commented on regarding Bibeau. In fact, looking back on a review I wrote of the Leafs rookie camp last September, I gave Bibeau a thumbs down for his lack of rebound control and for giving up a few soft goals.
By no means am I saying up the Leafs and the fan base should give up on Antoine Bibeau right now, as he does have the tools to potentially become a quality goalie. He's a project goalie at the moment, and if he can improve that lack of rebound control over a couple season in the AHL with the Marlies, he could become an all-around, solid netminder. Considering the Leafs history of developing goalies though, I hope Bibeau does succeed down the road. Aside from Felix Potvin and arguably James Reimer, the Leafs have a poor history with developing young goalies, whether that be giving up early on Bernie Parent, throwing Allan Bester and Ken Wregget into action too early on horrible teams, choosing the wrong prospect in Justin Pogge while trading Tuukka Rask, and over-hyping someone as they did with Jonas Gustavsson.
For the latest sports injury news, check out our friends at Sports Injury Alert.
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @NKonarowski2. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport – and “liking” our Facebook page.
Main Photo:
I got bored waiting for a 3D render at work, so I tried to paint something in MediBangPaintPro for the first time (and with an Intuos 4 instead of my normal Huion GT-190 and on work Mac desktop instead of my PC laptop). So semi-unfamiliar tools all around! I'm not used to such a limited tool (Not multiple layer select and such) but it was fun. I definitely won't be replacing Photoshop and Manga Studio with this, but it works in a pinch and, considering it's free, it's pretty good.
As for the picture itself, I just wanted to draw grumpy Twiluna baby unhappy about daily wing hygiene. I figured with light coated family members on both sides (Shining, Twilight Velvet, Celestia), there's a good chance the kid could have a light coat too. It's hard balancing how genetics tend to work, recessive genes and such, and the prevalent convention of just mixing the parents' colors. So, all of this unnamed baby's colors are her parents except her coat. It helps that both families are more or less in the same color groups (blues, pinkish grays and purples) and not something vibrant like the Apple family colors.
If you're the type who has fun with OC's or just naming things in general, I'm totally open to name suggestions.
ROCHESTER, N.Y. --, former goaltending standout at RIT, has been named assistant coach for men's hockey at Nazareth College.DeMichiel will assist head coachin recruiting players in preparation for Nazareth's first season of intercollegiate play in 2012-13.DeMichiel, of Avon, Conn., graduated from RIT in 2010 was the Tigers' starting goalie during their run to the Frozen Four during the 2009-10 season. He led all Division I with 27 victories that year and was a first-team Atlantic Hockey Association all-star as well as Goaltender of the Year.He played in 66 games during his career at RIT and compiled a record of 41-19-2 with a 2.48 goals-against average, a .909 save percentage and seven shutouts.After graduating from RIT with a degree in Business Administration, DeMichiel signed with the American Hockey League's Hershey Bears and played professionally for parts of two seasons. In addition to Hershey, DeMichiel played with the South Carolina Stingrays and Elmira Jackals of the East Coast Hockey League and with Providence of the AHL.DeMichiel has coaching experience as an assistant with the RIT women's hockey team and as a goalie instructor at several camps and clinics.Nazareth is scheduled to begin play in October as a member of the ECAC West. The Golden Flyers will play home games at the Sports Centre at MCC.
Omaha Metro
The FORWARD plan brings frequency and all-week service to the heartland.
It's tough for mass transit to compete with the fast country roads and wide open spaces of America's heartland. Take Omaha, Nebraska. Population and job densities are super low, the suburbs are super sprawled, parking is super cheap, and pedestrian infrastructure is anything but super. The city's Metro bus system averages just 18 boardings per revenue-hour, and only two of its 34 lines run every 15 minutes—the minimum threshold for show-up-and-go service. "There are areas where we still don't stand a chance against cars," says Evan Schweitz, a planner with the city's Metro transit agency. CityFixer Solutions for an Urbanizing World Go But demand for better transit is ticking slowly upward in Omaha—especially downtown. Population in the core was up 5.5 percent in 2010 over 2000. Metro ridership has been on a steady rise and eclipsed 4.2 million trips in 2012. A microtransit start-up just launched a bar shuttle. Residential developments without on-site parking are no longer out of the question. "We're seeing more people live downtown and prefer to not own a car," says Schweitz. A car-free lifestyle is about to get easier in Omaha. At the end of May, Metro will debut its FORWARD plan: a fully reconfigured bus network that emphasizes more frequency, better night and weekend service, direct lines through high-ridership corridors, and grid-style access to many parts of the city. The top five routes will now all get 15-minute peak service, and there's a new max wait time of an hour across the system—down from 90-to-120 minutes. Courtesy Evan Schweitz All this for the cost of: on the house. Rather than lobby for more taxpayer funding or jack up fares, Metro looked for more efficient ways to use its existing resources. (Similar to what Houston recently did on a larger scale.) System coverage will suffer a bit, but the remaining service will be much stronger. "We haven't made a change this big in 20 years," says Schweitz. "The city's changed a little bit since then, and our routes didn't really reflect that."
A Focus on High-Ridership Routes Over the years, Metro has made ad hoc tweaks to its system to accommodate job and residential growth to the city's western suburbs. "Eventually you end up with a system that's so sprawled out and spliced that it doesn't work as an entire network," says Schweitz. The result was a lot of underperforming bus routes. Whereas Metro's top five lines carry 42 percent of the system's entire ridership, its bottom 16 carry just 24 percent, according to a July 2013 network vision plan. Metro Network Evolution Plan (2013) So Metro scaled back on the fringes of the city—discontinuing five routes—and poured those resources into improving its more popular lines. Take the No. 24 as an example. Currently, travelers that start their trip on this bus from North Omaha have to get off downtown and transfer, because that's where the line ends. In the new 24 route, that transfer still exists for those who need it, but the route continues south of downtown, so riders can more easily access that part of the city. Metro also bought itself some extra service by eliminating inefficient route designs. In the current system, for instance, several routes pull off onto a side street near the Crossroads Mall to drop off passengers. That turnabout added five minutes to every bus that used it. Getting rid of the loop added up to enough service hours that it bought Metro a whole other route. You can see the clear pile-up around Crossroads Mall in the old map: Omaha Metro And the lack of route clutter in the new one: Omaha Metro For riders these types of changes mean a farther walk to and from a stop. That's evidently a tough sell in Omaha. ("That's a little hard for people around here," says Schweitz. "They don't like that idea so much.") So Metro has included a walking and biking key (below) to its new route map in the hopes that people will recognize they might be closer to a higher-frequency route than they realized.
Let's hope Auston Matthews is fond of the cold after playing in Zurich this season.
Because the odds are the star 18-year-old from Arizona – who is expected to go first over all in the NHL draft this June – is coming to Canada.
The league's long-awaited draft lottery will finally play out Saturday night on Hockey Night in Canada (8 p.m. EDT), and it will be the first chance for the seven Canadian teams to have a starring role during the NHL playoffs.
Story continues below advertisement
All seven teams finished in the NHL's bottom 12 – including five in the bottom six – and missed the postseason this year. Under the league's new lottery format – in which all of the top three picks will be involved in separate draws – the reward for that futility means that a Canadian NHL team has a 68.5-per-cent chance of getting the first overall pick.
Matthews – a talented two-way centre who grew up in Scottsdale as a fan of the Phoenix Coyotes – isn't making any predictions.
"We'll see what happens," said Matthews, who will watch the lottery unfold in the middle of the night from a TV studio in Helsinki, where he will be training with Team USA in advance of next week's world hockey championship in St. Petersburg, Russia.
The lottery is expected to be a big ratings draw for Rogers, which is the main reason it was delayed until the second round. The Toronto Maple Leafs were last this season and as such have the highest chance of getting the top pick (20 per cent), followed by the Edmonton Oilers (13.5) and Vancouver Canucks (11.5). Calgary, Winnipeg, Montreal and Ottawa also all have reasonable chances of picking in the top three.
In the new format, teams can't fall further than three spots from their place in the standings, meaning the Leafs will pick no worse than fourth overall. Edmonton, which has had the first pick four of the past six drafts – including Connor McDavid last year – can fall no further than fifth.
The chance that the Canadian teams will come away empty-handed is negligible. According to hockey statistician Micah Blake McCurdy, the likelihood of no Canadian team getting a top three pick in the lottery is only 2 per cent.
The probability of a Canadian sweep of picks one through three, meanwhile, is 25 per cent.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
This would be a strange year for Canadian NHL teams to have every high pick, if that's how it plays out. More than any draft in recent history, the top end of the draft may not have much Canadian content at all.
Matthews, the top prize, would be the first No. 1 pick from a non-traditional, warm-weather city. The next two highest ranked prospects are Patrik Laine and Jesse Puljujarvi, who led Finland to gold at the world juniors in January.
It's possible a Canadian player isn't picked until seventh over all, as some scouting services have Matthew Tkachuk (USA), Olli Juolevi (Finland) and Alexander Nylander (Sweden) tabbed to go in the top six. It's never taken longer than six picks in the past for a Canadian to be drafted, dating back to 1999 when Patrik Stefan and the Sedin twins went 1-2-3 followed by Pavel Brendl and Tim Connolly at four and five.
As few as three Canadians could go in the top 14 this year, which would be another historic low. Pierre-Luc Dubois, Jakob Chychrun (who was born in Boca Raton, Fla.) and Michael McLeod are widely considered this country's top draft-eligible prospects this year.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
This story was originally published by Grist and is reproduced here as part of the Climate Desk collaboration.
Last week, at a New Orleans conference center that once doubled as a storm shelter for thousands during Hurricane Katrina, a group of polar scientists made a startling declaration: The Arctic as we once knew it is no more.
The region is now definitively trending toward an ice-free state, the scientists said, with wide-ranging ramifications for ecosystems, national security, and the stability of the global climate system. It was a fitting venue for an eye-opening reminder that, on its current path, civilization is engaged in an existential gamble with the planet's life-support system.
In an accompanying annual report on the Arctic's health—titled “Arctic shows no sign of returning to reliably frozen region of recent past decades”—the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, which oversees all official U.S. research in the region, coined a term: “New Arctic.”
Until roughly a decade or so ago, the region was holding up relatively well, despite warming at roughly twice the rate of the planet as a whole. But in recent years, it's undergone an abrupt change, which now defines it. The Arctic is our glimpse of an Earth in flux, transforming into something that's radically different from today.
At a press conference announcing the new assessment, acting NOAA Administrator Timothy Gallaudet emphasizes the “huge impact” these changes were having on everything from tourism to fisheries to worldwide weather patterns.
“What happens in the Arctic doesn't stay in the Arctic—it affects the rest of the planet,” Gallaudet said.
Monthly #Arctic temperature ranks (1=warmest [red], 39=coldest [blue]) over the satellite era – including November 2017 Available at https://t.co/kO5ufUWrKq pic.twitter.com/a2pr9u3gdV — Zack Labe (@ZLabe) December 4, 2017
In an interview with NPR, marine scientist Jeremy Mathis, director of NOAA's Arctic Program, went a step further. When it comes to the Arctic, Mathis said “there is no normal” anymore: “The environment is changing so quickly in such a short amount of time that we can't quite get a handle on what this new state is going to look like.”
Using 1,500 years of natural records compiled from lake sediments, ice cores, and tree rings as context, the NOAA report says the Arctic is changing at a rate far beyond what's occurred in the region for millennia.
“The rate of change is unprecedented in at least the last 1,500 years and probably going back even further than that,” Mathis said. “Not only are we seeing big changes, we're seeing the pace of that change begin to increase.”
In the NOAA report, Arctic scientists lay out their best ideas of what this shift could mean for the world. Their depictions are sobering.
Take, for instance, the hypothesis of University of Alaska-Fairbanks permafrost scientist Vladimir Romanovsky: So far, 2017 has seen the highest permafrost temperatures in Alaska on record. If that warming continues at the current rate, widespread thawing could begin in as few as 10 years. The impact of such defrosting “will be very very severe,” Romanovsky says, and could include destruction of local infrastructure—like roads and buildings—throughout the Northern Hemisphere and the release of additional greenhouse gases that have been locked for generations in the ice.
NOAA: Arctic saw 2nd warmest year, the smallest winter sea ice coverage on record in 2017 https://t.co/25mVT4MoaJ pic.twitter.com/P2Lr3BfR1z — BuzzFeed Storm (@BuzzFeedStorm) December 12, 2017
BREAKING: Syrians Arrested in Swiss Terror Plot – Were Transporting TOXIC GAS for Geneva Attack
Swiss authorities were on the lookout for five alleged Muslim terrorists thought to be planning an attack on Geneva this week.
The men were alleged to be “armed and dangerous.”
Four terror suspects pictured flashing the ISIS sign were sought in Geneva, image via Le Matin/Twitter.
Two of the suspects were arrested on Friday.
The men were transporting explosives and TOXIC GAS for an alleged terrorist attack.
France 24 reported:
Swiss authorities said Saturday that two people of Syrian origin had been arrested on suspicion of transporting “explosives and toxic gases” as part of a probe into a terror threat. The two suspects arrested Friday are accused of the “manufacture, concealment and transport of explosives and toxic gases”, the federal prosecutor's office said in a statement. They are also under suspicion of violating Swiss law prohibiting “groups like Al-Qaeda, Islamic State and similar organisations”, it added. Several Swiss media reported Friday that two people had been arrested in the Geneva region and that traces of explosives were found in their car, as the western city remained on alert due to an increased jihadist threat. Geneva's public prosecutor has announced a news conference for later Saturday.
Fifth terror suspect sought in Geneva, image via Le Matin/Twitter.
Democrat Terry McAuliffe is telling supporters that as Virginia governor he would issue a “guidance opinion” that would exempt existing abortion clinics from complying with strict new health and safety standards. The only problem: State officials say there is no such thing as a guidance opinion and that governors have no such formal authority.
Mr. McAuliffe said last week that he plans to take the action to keep 18 remaining centers open after abortion clinics in Fairfax City and Hampton Roads announced that they would shut their doors as a result of the standards.
He said that just one of the centers that remains open meets the requirements and they all would close if he doesn't act.
“But I will issue what's called a guidance opinion by mid-March,” he said in a video captured and distributed by Women Speak Out Virginia, an affiliated political action committee of the national Susan B. Anthony List. “I can give a guidance opinion to the Board of Health to grandfather in those remaining clinics to keep them open. That's why this election is so important, and I will do that.”
However, multiple current and former state officials, both Democrat and Republican, say they are unaware of any formal power of the governor's office to issue something like that to the Board of Health, which approved the regulations.
PHOTOS: Eye-popping excuses in American political scandals
Published reports this year indicate that all the remaining abortion clinics were granted temporary licenses last year giving them two years to remain open and meet the new requirements, although pro-choice groups have said the necessary renovations are prohibitively expensive.
The standards call for such things as mandatory inspections of facilities and include provisions on staff training, sanitation requirements and hospital-type construction codes.
Hillcrest Clinic in Hampton Roads was the only clinic to indicate that it won't be seeking renewal, the Virginian-Pilot reported earlier this year. NOVA Women's Healthcare in Fairfax announced that it was closing in July.
Regardless, lawyers in the office of Attorney General Kenneth T. Cuccinelli, Mr. McAuliffe's Republican opponent for governor, said they were not familiar with anything called a guidance opinion that can be issued by a Virginia governor.
“Moreover, the governor does not have the power to issue an edict to ignore a law passed by the General Assembly,” Cuccinelli spokesman Brian Gottstein said.
In fact, the phrase “guidance opinion” appears nowhere in Virginia code or in the state Constitution.
Maribeth Brewster, a spokeswoman for the Virginia Department of Health, said she cannot recall the board ever receiving a guidance opinion from a governor.
The board could receive different legal advice on the extent of the regulations, though that power would lie with the attorney general and not the governor.
The issue emerges amid a series of stumbles that Republicans have seized upon involving Mr. McAuliffe's lack of experience in elective politics. Earlier this year, the Democrat told the Virginian-Pilot he wasn't sure whether he could name the positions in the governor's Cabinet. Members of the Northern Virginia Technology Council's political arm told The Washington Post last week that he came across as “uninformed and superficial” in the interview for the group's endorsement.
But former Health Commissioner Karen Remley said Mr. McAuliffe consulted her on the issue of the clinics and that there is a way to keep the facilities open without the board and without going to the General Assembly.
The power effectively would lie with Mr. McAuliffe through the health commissioner he selects, said Dr. Remley, who was appointed by Gov. Tim Kaine, a Democrat, and reappointed by Gov. Bob McDonnell, a Republican.
The health commissioner has the ability to issue waivers when the board is not in session for everything from restaurant owners to people digging wells who can demonstrate “undue hardship” as a result of regulations, Dr. Remley said.
But a second way would be to have the governor or the health commissioner reinterpret the sources from which the board drafted the regulations, she said.
She gave a hypothetical example of a hallway width requirement of 60 inches and a facility where the halls are 58 inches wide.
“Rather than have arbitrary, rigid restrictions, these inspectors should have guidance documents that allow them to thoughtfully apply” which ones are relevant, said Dr. Remley, who resigned in October citing the new regulations.
“A lot of the confusion in the political world is that it's an all-or-none,” she said. “The current attorney general interpreted them to be black and white. That was his advice, not necessarily the law. I think there is a solution that finds the middle of the road.”
Mr. Gottstein disagreed, saying the language in the regulations is “clear and unambiguous.”
“Since regulations have the force of law, an agency cannot give ‘guidance' that contradicts or supersedes them by giving discretion to approve facilities that aren't in compliance with those guidelines,” he said.
The bill that set into motion the process of developing the regulations passed in 2011 and was one of the most contentious pieces of legislation the General Assembly has considered in recent years.
Opponents say the standards were intended to shut down most of the state's abortion clinics, while sponsors say the guidelines were meant to make facilities that perform five or more abortions per month safer for women.
The conservative Family Foundation, citing results from open-records requests, pointed to dozens of health and safety violations found at centers in the state. The reports included mentions of dried blood found on a procedural table and infractions for the way clinics stored and dispensed drugs.
The Board of Health passed emergency guidelines that did not exempt existing facilities in the fall of 2011 but bucked advice from Mr. Cuccinelli's office last year and passed permanent regulations that did exempt existing facilities already in operation from the most strict regulations. The attorney general's office reportedly suggested it would not defend board members if their decision was challenged, however, and members subsequently reversed their decision.
If the new attorney general disagreed with Mr. Cuccinelli's interpretation, Ms. Remley said, “then that attorney general would have to clearly say that it's illegal to interpret the guidelines not as they are written.”
“If the health department says, ‘This would guarantee safety,' I think the prudent Virginian would say, ‘That makes sense,' ” she said.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Over 400 people are reportedly being stopped every day at national airports as counter-terrorism authorities step up efforts to prevent potential jihadists from leaving Australia.
Teams from the Border Force Counter-Terrorism Unit have conducted almost 76,000 “real-time assessments” of prospective travellers since August last year, Fairfax reports.
The examinations involve asking “suspicious” individuals a series of questions to assess whether they represent a national security risk, although it is not known how many of these individuals have been apprehended further.
Individuals have reportedly been removed from aircraft, had their luggage searched and technology probed. It is believed a number of travellers have been caught with “extremist material” on their phones.
The revelations come after two teenagers were sent home from Sydney airport earlier this month with their mother, after being detained by counter-terrorism officials.
The 15-year-old and 16-year-old brothers had reportedly booked tickets to fly to the Middle East.
Immigration Minister Peter Dutton said the intercept had kept their family together and likely prevented the boys from entering “potentially a very dangerous situation.”
“It is yet another reminder of the need for parents to remain vigilant against this type of threat,” he said.
Last week it was reported that Melbourne teenager Jake Bilardi, a Islamic convert who joined ISIL, reportedly died while carrying out a suicide bombing in Iraq which killed dozens.
Police then found “explosive devices” at the 18-year-old's home.
Enhanced counter-terrorism efforts were recently implemented nationally with the rollout of resources to eight airports at a cost of $50 million over four years.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Wake Up America - Share Pat's Columns!
Wednesday, John Kerry told the Senate not to worry about the cost of an American war on Syria.
The Saudis and Gulf Arabs, cash-fat on the $110-a-barrel oil they sell U.S. consumers, will pick up the tab for the Tomahawk missiles.
Has it come to this â€” U.S. soldiers, sailors, Marines and airmen as the mercenaries of sheiks, sultans and emirs, Hessians of the New World Order, hired out to do the big-time killing for Saudi and Sunni royals?
Yesterday, too, came a stunning report in the Washington Post.
The Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations has joined the Israeli lobby AIPAC in an all-out public campaign for a U.S. war on Syria
Marvin Hier of the Simon Wiesenthal Center and Abe Foxman of the Anti-Defamation League have invoked the Holocaust, with Hier charging the U.S. and Britain failed to rescue the Jews in 1942.
Yet, if memory serves, in '42 the Brits were battling Rommel in the desert and the Americans were still collecting their dead at Pearl Harbor and dying on Bataan and Corregidor.
The Republican Jewish Coalition, too, bankrolled by Sheldon Adelson, the Macau casino mogul whose solicitude for the suffering children of Syria is the stuff of legend, is also backing Obama's war.
Adelson, who shelled out $70 million to bring down Barack, wants his pay-off â€” war on Syria. And he is getting it. Speaker John Boehner and Majority Leader Eric Cantor have saluted and enlisted. Sheldon, fattest of all fat cats, is buying himself a war.
Yet, is it really wise for Jewish organizations to put a Jewish stamp on a campaign to drag America into another war that a majority of their countrymen do not want to fight?
Moreover, this war has debacle written all over it. Should it come, a divided nation will be led by a diffident and dithering commander in chief who makes Adlai Stevenson look like Stonewall Jackson.
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Gen. Martin Dempsey is having trouble even defining the mission. While Obama says it will be an in-and-out strike of hours, a “shot across the bow,” John McCain says the Senate resolution authorizes robust strikes, lethal aid to the rebels and a campaign to bring down Bashar Assad.
If the Republican Party backs this war, it will own this war.
And U.S. involvement will last not for days, but for the duration.
And if our power is unleashed, our prestige and superpower status go on the line.
If the rebels then lose, we lose. And if the rebels win, who wins?
Is it the same jihadists who just shelled that Christian village and terrorized that convent of Christian nuns?
Is it the same rebels seen on the front page of Thursday's New York Times about to execute, Einsatzgruppen-style, captive Syrian soldiers, forgetting only to have the victims of their war crime dig their own graves first?
Does the Republican Party really want to own a war that could end with al-Qaida in power or occupying sanctuaries in Syria?
Does the U.S. Jewish community really want to be responsible for starting a war that ends with two million Christian Syrians facing a fate not unlike that of Poland's Jews?
About the debate on this war, there is an aspect of the absurd.
We are told we must punish Assad for killing Syrians with gas, but we do not want Assad's regime to fall. Which raises a question: How many Syrians must we kill with missiles to teach Assad he cannot kill any more Syrians with gas? Artillery, fine. Just no gas.
How many Syrians must we kill to restore the credibility of our befuddled president who now says he did not draw that “red line” on chemical weapons; the world did when it outlawed such weapons.
Yet this statement may offer Obama a way out of a crisis of his own making without his starting a war to save face.
Iran and Russia agree chemical weapons were used. Vladimir Putin has said Russia will back military action against those who did it. The Russians have put out a 100-page document tracing the March use of chemical weapons to the rebels. The Turks reportedly intercepted small amounts of sarin going to the rebels. We claim solid proof that Assad's regime authorized and used chemical weapons.
Why not tell the Russians to meet us in the Security Council where we will prove our “slam-dunk” case.
If we can, and do, we will have far greater support for collective sanctions or action than we do now. And if we prove our case and the U.N. does nothing, we will have learned something about the international community worth learning.
But the idea of launching missiles based on evidence we will not reveal about Syria's use of chemical weapons, strikes that will advance the cause of the al-Qaida terrorists who killed 3,000 of us and are anxious to kill more, would be an act of such paralyzing stupidity one cannot believe that even this crowd would consciously commit it.
The Stack Archive
UK police chief advises banks not to compensate online fraud victims
Thu 24 Mar 2016
Metropolitan police commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has said that banks should not compensate consumers who lose money as a result of cybercrime, in an effort to encourage users to take responsibility for their own cyber-security.
Speaking to The Times, Hogan-Howe posited that people could be made more security-conscious if the security net of automatic compensation were removed.
“The system is not incentivising you to protect yourself, “ said the Commissioner, who took up the post in 2011. “If someone said to you: ‘If you've not updated your software I will give you half back, you would do it.”
Hogan-Howe stated that cybercrime victims who may not have taken adequate measures to install or keep updated adequate security software, are being “rewarded for bad behaviour”.
The issue has come into focus because of the imminent inclusion of cybercrime figures into general crime statistics, a move being initiated from this July, and one which is potentially a PR nightmare for the British police, since it threatens to augment general crime figures without providing any easily accessible distinction between ‘real world' and cyber-based crimes.
The Financial Conduct Authority explains [PDF] that under rules laid down by the Financial Services Authority (FSA) in the UK citizens have a right to compensation in cases where their card details have been appropriated and abused – but there are caveats which support Hogan-Howe's suggestion:
‘Your bank may only refuse a refund for an unauthorised transaction if…it can prove you authorised the transaction – though your bank cannot simply say that use of your password, card and PIN proves you authorised a payment; or…it can prove you are at fault because you acted fraudulently, or because you deliberately, or with gross negligence, failed to protect the details of your card, PIN or password in a way that allowed the transaction.'
In a case where a user's card details were stolen from a hacked retail database, the thieves will inevitably only have half – or less than half – of the information they need to complete transactions. But withholding compensation for those cases where the criminals have managed to obtain all the information they need to make purchases, it seems likely to be very difficult to forensically demonstrate the point at which the final information was obtained.
Additionally, domestic cyber-security software is well-known for its reactive (rather than anticipatory) approach to the latest MitM techniques to appropriate bank and card access; therefore even a user with out-of-date security software could become a victim in circumstances where the latest and best version would not have helped anyway.
A spokesman for Which? retorted strongly against Hogan-Howe's suggestions, noting that banks often either drag their feet or contest consumer claims against online fraud in any case. “The priority should be for banks to better protect their customers, rather than trying to shift blame on to the victims of fraud.”
Tags:
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
“Therefore was the name of it called Bavel; because Hashem did there confound the language of all the earth; and from thence did Hashem scatter them abroad upon the face of all the earth.” Genesis 11:9 (The Israel Bible™)
When Europeans first glimpsed Native Americans more than 400 years ago, many were convinced they had discovered the Lost Tribes of Israel. At closer look, the connections are astounding. This hidden association has taken on greater importance recently as the two nations face similar threats, and perhaps even a common Messianic vision quest.
Unmistakable traces of Jewish prayer echo in the voice of Joseph Riverwind, the Amahura (war chief) of the Northern Arawak Nation, the indigenous peoples of South America and Caribbean, as he sings, “Shema, shema, nayena, popaska hoya yah”. He translated this ancient Native American song for Breaking Israel News:
“Listen, listen, people, as you gather together, we will dance before the creator.” This is strongly reminiscent of the Jewish prayer, Shema, which literally means ‘hear'.
These two worlds are embodied in Chief Riverwind, a descendant of both Native Americans and Bnei Anousim (Jews who hid their identity as a result of the Spanish Inquisition). For him, the connection between Native Americans and Judaism is clear.
“Among my people, our ancient name for God is Yah Yah ‘The Supreme Spirit of Spirits', very similar to Yahweh,” Chief Riverwind explained. “Among my wife's ancestors, the AniKituwahYah (Cherokee), they called God YoHeWaH. And the similarities don't stop there. They carried an ark into battle, celebrate seven feasts, kept a seventh day of rest, had cities of refuge, and don't eat pork.”
Though the eerie etymological similarities may be coincidental, archetypal themes also connect the spirituality of Native Americans to the Bible. Chief Riverwind told a Choctaw story about how the Creator came to a man called Nuah and told him the world would be covered with water. The man was told to make a great raft to save mankind. The stories come from oral traditions which date to pre-Columbian times.
“Another Native American story tells of a time when the world was all one land mass, and we were all one tribe,” explained Chief Riverwind. “We tried to build a sky tower to the creator. These are pre-missionary oral traditions. They are passed down through specially trained storytellers who are forbidden from changing a single word.”
This transoceanic cultural connection goes against most scientific theories about the origins of the Native Americans. Most anthropologists theorize that the Native Americans are descended from Siberian Mongolians who migrated to North America via the Bering Strait, a 50-mile-wide gap that separates Alaska from Russia. Chief Riverwind told Breaking Israel News that the Native Americans tell a very different story.
“Some Anishnabi (Chippewa) believe they are from the Tribe of Ephraim,” Chief Riverwind explained. “Anishnabi” is amazing similar to the Hebrew words, “Anshe Navi” (people of the Prophet). “They lived on the coast, but their legends say that before that, they came from across the great waters. We have cave-drawings of these ships that are very similar to drawings of Phoenician ships in history books.”
This theory is astounding, but archaeological artifacts connecting North America to ancient Israel are not uncommon. The Decalogue Stone found in New Mexico is an 80-ton boulder on which an abridged version of the Ten Commandments is inscribed in ancient paleo-Hebrew. A letter group resembling the tetragrammaton YHWH, or “Yahweh,” makes three appearances. The stone is controversial and has never been tested in a laboratory or dated by scientific means. If authentic, it would prove a pre-Columbian connection between North America and Israel.
The Newark Holy Stones are artifacts discovered in 1860 within a cluster of ancient Indian burial mounds near Newark, Ohio. The mounds are one of the largest collections from an ancient American Indian culture known as the Hopewell that existed from approximately 100 BCE to 500 CE. Similar to the Decalogue stone, the Newark Stones are inscribed with Bible verses in Hebrew.
Many of these artifacts are discounted as hoaxes based on circumstantial evidence, the improbability of their existence and what it implies, despite strong corroborating empirical proof of their validity. Chief Riverwind attributes this simply to ethnocentric tendencies.
“European historians have always underestimated so much of what was going on here before Columbus,” he stated. “They simply can't imagine men sailing from Israel to North America, even when they are holding the proof in their hands.”
Roni Segal, the academic adviser for eTeacher, an online language academy, was fascinated by the possible connection. “Paleo-Hebrew dates back to the tenth century BCE. The language itself is a key to many ancient mysteries,” she told Breaking Israel News. “Though these discoveries are surprising, when studying the language that was used by God to communicate with Man, these types of connections are not entirely unexpected.” Chief Riverwind feels this connection is especially important today.
“These are things we didn't share in public before. Now, I really feel there is something stirring in the air. It isn't by chance that the Native Americans are facing a huge propaganda campaign at the same time as the Jews in Israel are being told they aren't indigenous,” he stated. “The Native Americans suffered ethnic cleansing and that is what they want to do to the Jews. We have that in common, and it is happening now.”
Many would be surprised to learn that the Native Americans also have a messianic vision. Despite being expressed in different terms, it is similar indeed to what Jews believe.
“First Nations have many prophecies that have been passed down for generations. We know that in the long ago time, the Creator destroyed the earth with water, and today, we are living in the generations when the fires will come to purify the Earth,” Chief Riverwind related.
“Your people's ancient stories can be found among my peoples ancient stories and we share the same destiny. Many of us have called upon the same Elohim since ancient times, and in the End, all the tribes that have been scattered will be gathered together once again.”
Ceiling Fan Direction
Which way should a ceiling fan spin during summer or winter?
The information on this page has been awarded #1 answer at Yahoo! Answers on many occasions!
"OK...so the most common technical question that people ask regarding ceiling fans is "What direction should my fan spin during the summer and winter" and "Why?"
Quick Answer: I say quick answer, because this is a very generalized answer, which in many (or most) cases is not necessarily correct. But, I will state this answer first simply because it is what has been the industry answer for over 100 years.
"During the summer you want the fan to blow air straight down, so your ceiling fan needs to run in a counterclockwise direction as you look up at it. The warmer it is, the higher the speed should be. During the winter, your fan should run at a low speed in a clockwise direction." Read the more detailed answer below to really understand this answer as there are many exceptions to this rule.
For clarification:
Forward = Counterclockwise = Summer mode
Reverse = Clockwise = Winter Mode
Which ceiling fans are best for Summer and Winter?
This is one of the most commonly asked questions we get from people who own lower quality ceiling fans that seem to make little or no difference in summer/winter applications regardless of the direction they are spinning. Poor performance during both summer and winter is the result of a poorly designed ceiling fan that produces very little airflow. Of course, during the summer you want lots of airflow, but you want to control it so that it is not too much during more mild days. You also want maximum control of lower speeds during the winter so the fan does not cool you off while drawing the warm air from the ceiling. And of course, you want to be able to conveniently reverse the fan without having to fumble around for a switch hidden on top of the motor. The "Eco" fans below from Emerson are the ultimate answer because they are best designed for use in both summer and winter. These super efficient fans have new DC motors, which use very little electricity yet have the ability to generate a wide range of airflow from very low to very high. They all have 6 speeds so you can really fine tune the airflow and they are remote controlled, making them super convenient and easy to reverse direction. Since hot summer months require maximum airflow and cold winter months need maximum efficiency at low speeds, these fans are by far the ideal choice for those who wish to use their ceiling fans year around. Read an informative article about the Emerson Eco fans here!
Emerson Eco Ceiling Fans - Great for Summer & Winter
6 Speed Reversible DC Motors - Super Quiet - Super Efficient
YouTube Video for Ceiling Fan Direction
This video features a Casablanca Panama with the Inteli-Touch wall control, which is also available with a 6 Speed DC Motor. The Casablanca Panama is one of the highest quality ceiling fans on the market, and one of the best choices for fans that are used in both summer and winter. My only criticism of this video is the recommendation to use the fan on medium speed...I prefer higher speeds on very warm days...and the lowest speed during the winter. 6 speed fans like the Inteli-Touch Panama or the Emerson Eco fans shown above are advantageous because they give you the ability to fine tune the speed depending on how hot or cold it is. This video can be found directly on YouTube here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HZwG9zDiJA
More About Ceiling Fan Direction
During the summer, you want the air blowing directly on you so you will feel cooler from the wind chill effect (which is how fans cool you off). So stand under the fan and turn it up on high speed. If you "Do Not" feel the air very well, then turn the fan off and flick the reverse toggle switch. Turn it back on high speed. If you feel more air, you have it in the right position. So whichever position you feel the most air movement when standing directly under the fan is the correct position for summer. If you do not feel much air in either direction, then your fan has a very weak motor with a relatively flat pitch to the blade. Fans like this won't do much good for you in either direction during the summer. If this is this case, you may wish to consider visiting a specialty fan dealer online to get a more powerful fan than the ones they sell at the home centers.
During the winter, it is the opposite. You do not want to feel the air movement from the fan blowing directly on you since this will make you feel cooler from the wind chill effect. So, again...stand under the fan and turn it up on high speed. Whichever mode you feel the least amount of air is the correct mode for winter. However, you want to operate the fan at a low speed during the winter, otherwise, even in the correct mode, you will still get some wind chill effect, which you do not want.
To set the matter straight about how fans work during the winter and summer:
During winter (in the correct mode as described above), the fan will slowly draw the cooler air from floor level directly below the fan upwards to the ceiling where it mixes with the warmer air. The air is then kicked out across the ceiling towards the walls as it comes down. This circulates the air giving you the least amount of direct air movement, which minimizes the wind chill effect.
During the summer, you want the maximum wind chill effect, so the main column of air that rushes straight down from the fan is what you will feel the most. However, if your fan is not directly over the area where you want to feel coolest, say your room is rather large with a fan in the middle and your couch closer to an outer wall, you might find yourself more comfortable if you run the fan at a high speed in the wrong direction because the wind chill effect will be more prominent further away from the fan closer to the walls.
One customer told me how he determined the best direction to operate his fans. He turned on a bubble machine in his home and watched where the bubbles went. To this day, I think this is the most ingenious answer I've heard to the question."
Here are some exceptions to the rule as well as some great tips and tricks you can perform with your ceiling fan!
How about a card trick! OK, just kidding...but seriously, if you are playing cards at a table that is beneath a ceiling fan during the summer and you want the fan to cool you off without blowing the cards off the table, then turn your fan in reverse (clockwise) and run it on the highest speed. This will cause the fan to draw the air up from the table and blow it around your back side.
Dining Rooms: How about over a table when you are eating? Same thing as playing cards or doing anything else at your table. Running the fan in reverse will help keep the fan from cooling off your food while gently throwing a breeze towards the walls and backup toward your backside. You might notice that in many restaurants, the fans are running in clockwise motion. I don't know who told the restaurant owners to do this, but I amazingly find that more often than not, they are doing this correctly. This must be an inside secret in the restaurant business.
Bedrooms: Well, some people do not like the feeling of air blowing directly on them and cannot sleep, so my suggestion is to run the fan on a higher speed in reverse so you do not feel so much direct air movement. You will sleep better and get more comfort from your fan. I myself love to feel the air movement, so I blast mine in forward so the air blows right down on me.
Large Rooms: So you have a large room and wisely decided to install 2 ceiling fans. You might want to experiment with the fans during the summer by operating them on high speed in forward, reverse, and opposite directions. Depending on where your seating is in the room, a combination of directions may actually hit that spot the best by creating a unique vortex in the air flow. The bubble trick I mentioned previously is great for testing this!
Outdoors: OK, so you have your fan outdoors. I will assume that you are pretty much going to be using the fan only during the summer. So, all of the above rules apply...such as over a table when playing cards or doing paperwork. However, an additional benefit of having a ceiling fan outdoors over a table is that you can use the fan to keep bugs away by turning it up on high speed in forward (counterclockwise). The compromise here is that it will cool your food off. Keep in mind that for this to work, you need a ceiling fan that has a motor powerful enough to create a column of air strong enough to ward off those pesky flies and yellow jackets. Not all fans will do this well, so make sure to ask for a fan with a powerful motor if you wish for your outdoor fan to perform this task. You will be much more pleased with the comfort level the fan produces anyway, so it's worth spending a bit more for the best quality outdoor fan you can afford. Here are links to 4 excellent outdoor fans:
Smokers: If you or someone in your family (or a guest) smokes inside your house...you need to run your ceiling fans in reverse (clockwise) to draw the smoke up towards the ceiling and out towards the walls away from you and your guests. Although the speed at which you should run your fan depends on how powerful the fan is as well as how large the room is, my suggestion for this application is medium speed for the average ceiling fan. This is a common application in cigar lounges where they use this technique combined with exhaust vents in the ceiling to pull the smoke out of the area.
LIVERMORE, CA — The Alameda County District Attorney's Office has filed misdemeanor assault and battery and child cruelty charges against a Livermore preparatory academy worker for allegedly physically abusing a foreign exchange student in January, prosecutors said.
Prosecutors also charged the principal and vice principal of the Livermore Valley Charter Preparatory school with a misdemeanor charge of failure to report the alleged child abuse. Livermore police Officer Cynthia Moore wrote in court documents that the assault and child cruelty charges are against 42-year-old Brock Van Wey of Livermore, who isn't employed by the charter school but works for California Preparatory Academies, which has been helping the charter school with its foreign exchange program.
Moore wrote that the incident occurred on Jan. 28, when the 14-year-old student was in an after-school tutoring session on the charter school's campus and Van Wey accused him of copying homework and "humiliated" him in front of others.
The student, named as John Doe in court documents, got upset and left the tutoring session and the campus. Van Wey later found him behind a local grocery store and told him to get into his car, but the student refused, according to Moore.
Van Wey then "forcefully grabbed Doe by his arms, picked Doe up and held him in a cradle position," Moore wrote. The student tried to get away, but Van Wey's grip "was too tight, which restrained Doe's movements," Moore wrote.
Van Wey next "began cussing and shoving Doe into the car head first," Moore wrote.
The student was then driven back to the school and eventually picked up by his guardian, according to Moore.
The student suffered a laceration to his shin and complained of pain in his knees as a result of the incident, according to Moore.
Van Wey told the school's vice principal, 39-year-old Randy Taylor of Oakland, about the incident the next morning, and Taylor told the school's principal, 37-year-old Eric Dillie of Livermore, the same morning.
However, Dillie and Taylor never contacted the student to ask about his welfare and never reported the alleged physical abuse to Child Protective Services or law enforcement even though they're mandatory reporters, Moore wrote.
An investigation by Livermore police revealed that "Dillie and Taylor laughed and joked about the abuse incident, discussed the incident with others and minimized what occurred," Moore wrote.
Dillie "provided several different inconsistent statements" to police during subsequent interviews but ultimately admitted that Taylor had told him about the incident the morning after it occurred, Moore wrote.
Officials at Tri-Valley Learning Corp., which runs the charter school, weren't immediately available for comment.
By Bay City News; In a previous version of this story, BCN misidentified the Livermore Police Officer as Cynthia White. Patch regrets the error.
Photo via Shutterstock
Johnny Sexton is out of Ireland's opening Six Nations match against Scotland in Murrayfield with a calf strain. The Irish outhalf picked up the injury on Monday and management have decided not to risk any further damage by pushing him into training this week.
Coach Simon Easterby could not say when Sexton would be available again. Munster's Peter O'Mahony and Ulster winger Andrew Trimble are also struggling with injury, with O'Mahony also ruled out of any role in Ireland's opening match.
“The update (on Sexton) is he ran yesterday afternoon and just felt a little bit of tightness in his calf,” said Easterby. “We believe it right not to push him through the week and risk potential further damage.
“So he won't be available this weekend. He's obviously had a number of lower limb injuries, one hamstring which we have managed along with Leinster through the Christmas period after the Autumn.
“We redressed the balance there in terms of the hamstring. He picked up a calf in the Castres game. He only managed 20 minutes in that game. He had to come off.”
While Ireland are hopeful that he will quickly recover from the injury, Easterby said they are not going to rush Sexton back or even put a timescale on his rehabilitation.
“As a result of that little calf strain he's got we don't want to compromise his calf any further,” added Easterby. We felt it best to leave him out this week and make sure that he is right for the upcoming games.
“It's purely now that we manage his return to full training. That will take as long as it takes. We've no time scale on that. He just felt tightness yesterday and we felt it was in the best interest of Johnny that he didn't try and push into today and further into the week.”
When pressed on the issue of how long Sexton would be on the sideline, Easterby was non committal.
“I couldn't say. It's a case of monitoring and managing him for the rest of this week and get to next week and reassess where he is at that point.”
The same will apply to Peter O'Mahony who has had a scan for a groin injury.
“They (O'Mahony and Trimble) both picked up a little bit of tightness yesterday, Pete in his hamstring and Andrew in his groin,” explained Easterby. “Andrew did do some running today but on the side pitch. Peter has a scan this afternoon that will hopefully give us an indication for the reason for that tightness.”
The Sexton injury means Ireland will be light on backup in the outhalf position. For the match day squad it will be two players from Paddy Jackson, Ian Keatley and Rory Scannell. Bordeaux's Ian Madigan was not considered despite Keatley and Scannell's relative inexperience at international level.
“Well, if there are only three tens in the squad then the chances are that two of those three – Paddy, Ian Keatley and Rory Scannell – will be on the bench or starting,” said Easterby. “What is the alternative?”
Easterby explained that Madigan's unavailability because he was tied to his club has made it difficult for Joe Schmidt to consider him for a role in the Irish team despite the current difficulties.
Last week he was on the bench for his club's game against Clermont and was not available to Ireland.
“Unfortunately he couldn't be with us last week anyway because he was on the bench for Bordeaux against Clermont so it compromises his position with us when he is not playing in Ireland and we are trying to support those guys who are staying here,” said Easterby.
“Circumstances may allow us to look outside of that but as it happens at the moment we have got those three guys in and Mads hasn't been selected in the squad. He couldn't be included last week so that hasn't really helped his cause.”
While the Irish management have clear intentions to support the home based players above those playing outside Ireland, they have not ruled out a role for the former Leinster outhalf further down the road.
“It is based on last week and on the fact that he couldn't be with us,” said Easterby. “He played some part in Bordeaux's game against Clermont and, moving forward, it is case by case but we want to try and support those guys who are playing their rugby in Ireland.
“There will potentially be exceptions to that rule but as it happens at the moment this is the case and there isn't any issue in terms of us looking at Mads in the future.”
It looks like Chad “Ochocinco” Johnson is fitting right in in his new hometown of Montreal – and that he's still a big soccer fan.
The new Montreal Alouettes wide receiver reached out on Twitter to Montreal Impact captain Patrice Bernier, wondering if he had a game in town this weekend. Bernier tweeted right back, inviting the former NFL star to their Saturday game against Sporting Kansas City at Stade Saputo (7:30 pm ET; TSN2/RDS in Canada, MLS Live in US).
Johnson accepted the invite, and just like that, a connection was made.
@ochocinco yes, playing Saturday vs the team that you know Sporting KC. I invite you to the game at 7h30 Saputo Stadium. — Patrice Bernier (@pbernier10) July 10, 2014
@pbernier10 Yes I would love to attend the match boss... — Chad Johnson (@ochocinco) July 10, 2014
Johnson, of course, is very familiar with MLS, and Sporting for that matter, spending time with the team in 2011 on a “trial” when he was with the Cincinnati Bengals during the NFL lockout that year. A contract never came out of it, but Sporting made Johnson an “honorary member” of the club.
That was also the last year Johnson played professional football, so perhaps he's networking in case his return to the game in the Canadian Football League doesn't work out. The Impact, after all, could always use some depth along the backline.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Newspapers brought out special editions on Sunday morning with news of Kenji Goto
Japan woke up early on Sunday morning to the news of the death of Kenji Goto, whose apparent killing was shown in a video released by Islamic State militants.
Some first learned the sad news on Twitter, as they did when the hostage situation broke initially, although newspapers were also quick to bring out special editions on Sunday morning.
For many in Japan, this has been a tragedy unfolding before their eyes on social media, so it was only natural that they would respond on Twitter.
But the response has been mixed, as it has been since the beginning.
There is of course grief, anger, commiseration.
Some users have joined in calls not to look at images of Kenji Goto's killing, but to show images of Mr Goto as he did what he excelled in, reporting on the lives of ordinary people caught in the crossfire, caught in a humanitarian crisis.
Image copyright Other Image caption Junichi Goto's response is seen as dignified and noble
People are asking news outlets not to create a media circus around the families of Mr Goto and another Japanese hostage, Haruna Yukawa, who was beheaded a week ago.
The reaction of Kenji Goto's older brother. Junichi, has been widely praised on social media.
He began by thanking the Japanese government, the country of Japan and the world for their support, before concentrating on Kenji himself.
"As his older brother, I wish Kenji was able to come home and thank every one himself, and I'm most aggrieved this is not to be. I am proud of Kenji's professional achievements, but, as his brother, I think this time his actions were careless," Junichi Goto, 55, told broadcaster NHK.
His words are exactly the kind of family response Japanese considers dignified and noble in this kind of situation, touching on the very notion of "Japaneseness".
Others are angry at Japanese TV stations that are repeatedly showing snippets from the murder video, calling it a direct terror threat against the Japanese people.
Overseas concerns
While many share the anger expressed by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, some have pointed out that he only touched briefly upon the grief suffered by the two victims' families and failed to refer to their achievements.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption PM Shinzo Abe was visibly moved by the news, but some Japanese have been highly critical of his position
They highlight a contrast with a statement issued by the White House in which President Barack Obama said: "Through his reporting, Mr Goto courageously sought to convey the plight of the Syria people to the outside world."
Ever since the news of the hostage situation broke, those who were already critical of the government have attacked the prime minister over his handling of the case.
Mr Abe admitted during a Diet session last Tuesday that the government knew of Mr Goto's kidnap in November, well before the general election in December.
Some see the prime minister's recent trip to the Middle East, including Israel, where he pledged $200m in non-military aid for the anti-IS coalition, as the immediate catalyst that gave the militants an opportunity to make their threats.
There has been popular criticism of the current administration's efforts to change the interpretation of Japan's pacifist constitution to allow the "exercise of the right of collective self-defence" abroad.
Now there are concerns that the government might use the killings and renewed IS threats against Japan to step up those efforts and make it possible to send the Self-Defence Forces abroad in a military capacity to participate in the fight against terrorism.
Unsympathetic voice
The majority of online opinion in Japan had been urging all steps to be taken to achieve the safe release of Mr Yukawa and Mr Goto, while being fully aware of the dangers of satisfying demands from militants.
Image copyright Other Image caption Mrs Dewi dismissed Kenji Goto as a "huge nuisance"
On the other hand, there were some that admonished the hostages, saying they went at their own risk.
Most notably, the famous television personality "Mrs Dewi", the Japanese wife of Indonesia's first President Sukarno, wrote in her blog on Thursday that the hostages were "a huge nuisance" to Japan and to Jordan and that if possible she would tell Mr Goto "to kill himself".
This has created a storm of criticism against this TV pundit known for her strong and often extreme opinions, but more than 11,000 people have pressed the "Like" button for this blog article on Facebook.
However, there has been an effort on social media, as well as in the traditional media, to stress how the small Muslim community in Japan is in solidarity with the hostages and has condemned the barbarous acts of IS.
On 22 January, soon after the initial hostage news broke, the Islamic Centre Japan released a statement calling for the release of the hostages and condemning ISIS.
This has been "Liked" over 8,000 times and shared more than 4,000 times on Facebook.
It's evident the election results have left a profound impression on so many people across the nation.
Some say they feel confused and fearful while others say they're pleased and hopeful.
Students at Plano East Senior High are no exception to these very same feelings.
A Facebook post made its rounds on social media Wednesday evening leaving students questioning the state of their own school.
The post says someone wrote "Build That Wall" on the breezeway at the school. It also claims a student snatched a "Make America Great Again" hat off another student in what appeared to be the cafeteria and that a Muslim student's hijab was ripped off her head.
News 8 spoke with the Muslim student, senior Amar Alhakim, and she confirms she had her hijab pulled while walking from one building to another Wednesday.
"All of a sudden I feel like a hand on my bun in the back. He tries to pull it. I just push him. And I ran inside. I was really scared. I didn't know what to do," she said.
2 hours into my day and this random white boy just came up to me pats and rubs my hijab and says "good morning" with a dirty look ...wtf — •Amar• (@AmarlunaH) November 9, 2016
Alhakim also tells us she took the day off from school Thursday because she felt it was an unsafe place for her even after reporting the incident to the school's principal.
"I'm just really hurt. I just never expected it," she said.
Many of Alhakim's peers, other PESH parents and former alum have since expressed concern and support for the her and other similar incidents on social media.
"This is something that's part of me. My Hijab is my identity, my honor, my respect and I would never trade it for anyone else," Alhakim told News 8.
News 8 reached out to Plano Independent School District Wednesday regarding some of the incidents on campus. We received the following statement:
Upon arriving at school today to find upsetting graffiti chalked on a campus walkway, Principal George King encouraged sensitivity among students. He immediately had the graffiti removed and encouraged staff members to infuse rational calm into their thoughts and words as they addressed students who may be experiencing raw feelings. Mr. King reminded students and staff that this is a time to promote healing.
There was no report of a student's having her hijab removed by peers, but a student did report that a fellow student touched her hijab and asked if she was okay.
We reached back out to PISD Thursday after speaking with Alhakim and they issue the following:
"A student described an incident in which a fellow student touched her hijab," said Lesley Range-Stanton, a spokesperson with Plano ISD. "Administrators became aware of the incident through the student's Twitter post and investigated as appropriate. No complaint was filed."
After digging through social media regarding the other incidents mentioned, here's what we were able to find:
Many other students shared the same "Build That Wall" photo across Twitter and expressing their disappointment in their peers.
Plano East was full of disappointments today. We let the devil get the best of us. I hope those who contributed to the madness are proud. — Brian (@nairbbackwards) November 9, 2016
Plano East senior high winning with "class".. 🤔 pic.twitter.com/fDdySOUWIV — Imelda Hernandez (@hdzimelda18) November 9, 2016
Plano East disappointed me today. Ive never been so disgusted in my life. — emily (@emily_laramoree) November 9, 2016
The Facebook video showing one student snatching what appears to be a Donald Trump "Make America Great Again" hat off another in the school cafeteria does indeed exist. (WARNING: This video contains explicit language)
Additionally, a tweet shows an email was sent to parents of PESH students after an online threat was made. The email from the school principal, George King says a person claimed on Twitter that they were going to bring a gun to the campus on Thursday. The school says after investigation, they found the tweet not credible.
Response to Plano East shooting rumor: pic.twitter.com/BT2FPukyQc — Rama Hamoudeh (@RamaHamoudeh) November 10, 2016
There is no word on whether or not these situations are related.
Copyright 2016 WFAA
What would happen if a furniture company left 24 designer chairs, many equipped with GPS tracking technology, on the streets of New York? Would people take them? Where would they end up?
Blu Dot A cellphone enabled with GPS tracking was hidden underneath the chairs.
Blu Dot, a furniture maker based in Minneapolis, found out with its “Real Good Experiment,” which it developed with branding firm Mono. The experiment was equal parts marketing campaign for the chairs, which retail for $129, and research into the recession-friendly phenomenon of “curb mining” — the practice of nabbing household items left on street corners.
In the days leading up to the placing of the chairs, the experiment was picked up on blogs and gained a Twitter following. Some Blu Dot enthusiasts were following real-time locations of the chairs in hopes of nabbing one. The chairs also contained a hidden note, that when discovered by the takers, indicated they should call a number to be interviewed later…
Click to enlarge, and debate the strip below the line.
Keith Hackett's verdict
1) The guidance on this is clear: only caution a player for taking off his shirt, or lifting it over his face, if he's celebrating a goal. In this case, the player clearly isn't celebrating, or deliberately inciting the crowd, so just have a quiet word. You'd only show him a yellow card if his behaviour delayed the restart. Thanks to Jason Kilby.
2) The law defines how actions such as throw-ins should be carried out, but clearly you can make concessions for players with disabilities. Your judgment must be based on fairness: if the player delivers the throw from behind and over his head, there's no need to intervene. Two-handed throws where one hand is behind the ball with the other hand used as a guide are illegal. Trevor Selman wins the shirt.
3) The original keeper can take no further part and must leave the field. Allow the sub keeper to return and replace him, and caution both for failing to inform you of the change. As for the restart: if the offending team have not had a goal scored against them since half-time, restart the second half. If they have conceded, restart with an indirect free kick taken from where the ball was when you stopped play. Thanks to Harry Glenister.
Competition: win an official club shirt of your choice
View the Kitbag range
For a chance to win a club shirt from the range at Kitbag.com send us your questions for You are the Ref to you.are.the.ref@observer.co.uk. The best scenario used in the new Observer YATR strip each Sunday wins a shirt of your choice from Kitbag. Terms & conditions apply.
For more on the fifty year history of You Are The Ref, click here.
The best-case scenario for the Trump years has always been that he'll kill the imperial presidency through sheer incompetence. Whether or not we'll get that far, he sure is good at squandering his clout.
Consider. Donald Trump entered office at a time when enormous powers have been concentrated in the presidency, and his party controls not just the White House but both branches of Congress. Yet he enacted his refugee ban so ineptly, not even giving it the normal review that would have caught its most glaring legal problems, that parts of the crackdown were almost immediately stayed. Government lawyers were caught flatfooted, unfamiliar with the situation that had just been dropped into their laps and unable to effectively defend the new rules. ("I don't think the government has really had a chance to think about this," one judge commented as she listened to the attorneys' arguments Saturday night.)
The sheer chaos created by rushing this order into place (and by adding the absurd restrictions on people with green cards) prompted even conservatives who don't necessarily object to the general idea of the policy to denounce how it played out in practice. (At this point at least 21 congressional Republicans, including three leading senators, have criticized elements of the order. A far larger number has avoided saying anything substantive at all, which appears to be an increasingly popular way for elected Republicans to deal with their party's leader.) And if you do oppose the general idea of the policy, you felt the wind at your back as you mobilized to block it. A mix of symbolic mass demonstrations and far-from-symbolic free legal aid materialized at airports around the country, energizing the grassroots opposition and pushing the elected opposition to stiffen their spines. (Democratic officials didn't organize or lead the protests, but several sniffed the air and rushed to stand as close to the front as they could get.) If you were hoping the Trump era would reenergize public protest, congratulations: You're getting your wish.
Meanwhile, a president who was already unusually unpopular when he entered office has now seen his job approval numbers sink to 42 percent in Gallup's ongoing survey on the subject. Public disapproval, meanwhile, has risen to 51 percent. That can only make it easier for legislators, including those in Trump's own party, to break with him when they think it warranted. Throw in the fact that the government is leaking like a colander—a fact that may help explain why the White House rushed its order into place without the usual review process—and you've got an administration with an awful lot of weak spots.
There clearly are countless kinds of damage that even a weakened Trump can do, and there just as obviously are ways the opposition can be drawn into pointless side fights or ineffectual tactics. And it's certainly possible to block a plan's most egregious elements without stopping the broader change it represents. So you shouldn't be complacent, but you shouldn't be a fatalist either. This past weekend showed just how fragile a president's power can be.
At a party this evening in Munich, an industry insider close to Facebook made the following prediction:
"When online gambling is legalized, Facebook will be a $100 billion company."
That's $100 billion of revenue, not $100 billion in market value (Facebook's already close to the latter.)
For context, Google is a $40 billion company. And Facebook did about $4 billion of revenue last year.
The insider's theory?
Given the popularity of social gaming on Facebook's platform already, the insider figures that legalized online gambling (poker, etc.) will drive Facebook's revenue to the moon.
Facebook currently gets a 30% cut of all virtual goods purchased using Facebook Credits through companies like Zynga. With Zynga netting about $1 billion of revenue per year, this suggests that Facebook is currently generating about $400 million of gaming revenue through Zynga alone. (Most of Facebook's revenue is ad revenue, but the "Credits" business is meaningful.)
There would have to be a LOT of gambling done through Facebook for the company to generate $100 billion in revenue. But given how nuts people are about gambling, and how powerful Facebook's social platform could be for this, gambling would likely be a big opportunity.
Toward the end of last year, Facebook was rumored to be looking into hosting gambling in the U.K., where online gambling is already legal.
The big opportunity, though, will come in the United States, if and when online gambling is legalized.
According to a Wall Street Journal article earlier this week about Zynga potentially getting into gambling, many U.S. states are now pushing for online gambling to be legalized. Some of the big casino companies are trying to get Federal laws changed, and Indian tribes and lottery groups are lobbying for changes at the state level. With states desperate for new sources of revenue, changes to these laws could actually be on the way.
So could online gambling make Facebook a $100 billion company?
$100 billion is a lot.
But it seems safe to say it could make Facebook a much, much bigger company.
Across The Time is a big project of map RPG/PVE adventure. A map created by the
Across The Time is a big project of map RPG/PVE adventure. A map created by the
Across The Time is a big project of map RPG/PVE adventure. A map created by the
Summary :
- Solo or Coop PVE/RPG game (Max 3 players)
- Between 20h & 30h of plays
- 8 clearly distinct classes (ex : druid, ninja, tank, sorcerer, alchemist...)
- 20 magic spell (available trough books) consume Dahäl
- Main Quest with many Donjons containing Elites Mobs and unique Boss - Thousands of Monsters to fight
- 12 secondary Quest
- More than 70 Heroic deeds.
- A lot of normal , magical and legendary items & set to collect.
- A dozen of sacred article to buy
- 2 gamemode : Softcore & Nightmare with 3 difficulty level (easy, normal, difficult)
- Many events of all kinds (Jump, Puzzle, Enigma)
- Several NPC Town & Village
- Varied and original Landscape, Biomes
- a Fantastic script & a highly developed Lore writing by Thundesrtruck
- All Musics writing by Piccomaster and placed in the resourcepack
- Monster & Boss Farming available thanks to mobspawners
- Hundreds of hidden chests and many loots to find
- Basic Currency ( Chronotons ) and legendary currency « Ecaille Souveraine du Chaos »
- Potion, food, weapon, armor and sacred shops
- Upgrade effect (aptitude) to unblock (Strengh, Haste, Resistance, Regeneration) with de l'XP
- Recycling available in exchange for Chronotons (BlackMarket)
- A bank to convert XP to Chronotons, Chronotons to XP, and exchange Chronotons between players.
DOWNLOAD
English version : Across The Time - v2.0 ENG
MIRROR LINK : Across The Time - v2.0 ENG
French version : Across The Time - v2.0 FR
MIRROR LINK : Across The Time - v2.0 FR
Chinese version : Across The Time v2.1 CH
MIRROR LINK : Across The Time - v2.1 CH
Story and Presentation
An incident occurred in a small town, you're working as a delivery boy : a portal letting out monstrers of an age is open, leading the world in the Apocalypse. All hope is dying, there is no more than you, the last representative of the human race. You are rescued by a magical force that takes you back in a distant past. In this world, the Dahäl exist… You will learn that the cause of your misfortunes is none other than Ranegot, a corrupt immortal, enemy of seven kingdoms ; and there is only one way to overcome : to gather 9 powerful gems scattered in 4 of the seven kingdoms.
A journey full of obstacles, puzzle, epic fights against in gargantuan amount of monsters or against more and more smart and powerful boss are waiting ! For helping you in your quest, you teach controlling the Dahäl trough spell book (original and unique with minecraft vanilla !). You can personalise your equipment with many different weapons and armors. You can find them with farming or you can buy them in different shop in exchange of local currency : Chronoton! Furthermore, your experience will increase your abilities trough an original system of evolution.
Good luck, you're the only one that can do the difference !
Aspects et details of the gameplay
Basic Gameplay
Across The Time is a map, entirely built for vanilla minecraft (no need of mod).
The Map is inspired by RPG Adventure like Zelda or Secret Of Mana with loot systems like Diablo or Borderlands.
You need to accomplish quests, fighting a lot of monsters and boss in a lot of dungeons more and more big!
The game is focused on PvE (PvP isn't available) and also provided with events like puzzle, platforms, enigma, etc…
A unique development system supports players trough the experience gained and a well developed economy allows players to buy, to sell, to exchange in different shop
You can do this adventure alone or with friends, but it's advisable to be no more than 3 players on the map.
La map is semi-open world : large zones and regions were created to allow players freedom but will be partly driven by the main quest.
Of course, a dozen of secondary quests is waiting to extend the life of the game
Finally, you need between 20 and 30 hours of play to defeat the map.
Fight Monster and Elites
Like we said, it's a PVE game, many battles await you with course difficulty increasingly enhanced.
Each dungeon have his boss and small-boss with hundreds of minions! The free areas are provided all kinds of monsters that you try to block the road.
In some free zones, monsters regularly spawn, you can increase your power to fight against these monsters.
Each monster has his own special capacity (different speed, increased life, increased strength etc...) and is obviously equipped with a wide variety of armour and weapons.
You can fight with sword, bow with more and more powerful enchantment, but also with spell.
You gain one bonus heart after each death of a boss.
Magic and Spell
To help you in your fight against the corruption, you may cast spells all more original and miscellaneous than the others, for example :
- Invocation (wolf, golem etc…),
- Renewal of life
- Slowing Aura
- Rain of Arrows
- Fireball
Etc...
So, you can cast spells through books. They will unlock according to the progress of the player. The magical gauge is called Dahäl and is evolutive.
Spellbook sample - click to reveal
______________FIREBALL spellbook_____________________________________CORRUPTION spellbook________
Dahäl book reload
______________FIREBALL spellbook_____________________________________CORRUPTION spellbook________Dahäl book reload
To laucnh a spell, you just need to open the book and click on the name of the spell inside the book!
Fireball Spell
----------------------------------------------
Ultima Spe l
l
Farming, Loot and Items
Almost all the items of Minecraft are available on the map and you can buy, sell, drop on monsters or find in chests...
There
are various kinds of weapons and armor classified according to their
powers and rarities : Sacred , legendary , sets , magic or normal !
Do not forget, each item is useful, indeed they can be for most sold on the black market.
It is possible and sometimes necessary if you want to improve you and loot the many legendary items owned by the enemy!
The
number of monsters you'll face will always be more important and
difficult depending on your progress! That is why you need to equip
yourself and loot.
Know that monsters, bosses and elites have a
small chance to dropped powerful items, so do not lose hope. Some Elites
are unique but some dungeon bosses can be farmed!
Elites and
some secrets also drop a rare currency: " Ecaille Souveraine du Chaos ".
It used to buy you a type of very powerful items : the Sacred items.
Choice of the class
To give a RPG touch, the player need to choose between 8 class at the beginning of the game !
Each
class has his own feature, like unique spell book, or passive
abilities. For example : Dahäl regeneration for sorcerer, two hearts
more for the warrior, etc.
Take a look at the different available class :
- Warrior,
- Druid,
- Ninja,
- Alchemist,
- Farmer,
- Healer,
- Hunter,
- Sorcerer.
Deeds of valor and secondary Quests
To complicate adventure, all deeds of valor or goals may be validated.
So, you have to perform some kind of secondary challenges such as :
- Kill on thousands monsters,
- reach the 80 level - Gain 2500 chronoton,
- etc…
These goals aren't imposed but you will be rewarded according to what you have accomplished !
But, to extend the life-time of the game, a dozen of secondary quests are available in some places of the game that you have to discover.
Mode, difficulty and death
At the beginning of the adventure, during tutorial, you will have the possibility to choose between two game-mode :
- Softcore-mode : You lost only 1 level per death, heart regeneration by food is activated, the effects when you are badly wounded, are reasonable.
- Nightmare-mode : You lost 2 level and 10 Chronoton per death, heart regeneration by food is deactivated, after badly wounded the effects are very restrictive (slowdown, bleeding etc…)
With these two modes will be added an opportunity to play easy, normal and hard. Be careful if you play in multiplayer, an automatic system is activated and the difficulty changes depending on the number of players on the map :
- 1 player : easy,
- 2 players : normal,
- 3 players : hard.
Do not worry about death, many Checkpoints are placed throughout the adventure. You can enable them by clicking a button that is recognizable by yellow sponge blocks.
Keys and locks
During this journey you will find many locked doors and mechanisms. To unlock the doors, a key system was created for the map.
Simply put a key (renamed and of varying shape) in a container that will be located in front of each mechanism.
Of course there will be more or less difficult to obtain these keys.
Hunger and potions
As you guessed, the food is present in the game. You will need to intelligently manage this resource because you can not cultivate.
Obviously you will find some food on monsters, many chests and you can also buy in a specialty store.
Concerning the potions, a system of limitation and recycling of empty potions has been created!
There is therefore limited you the number of potions in the game, but it is possible to recycle the empty bottles to buy more potions in the shop provided for this purpose.
NPC and dialog
You will meet a lot of NPCs to talk your way. NPCs are usually found in the villages but you can also meet in different locations across the map, away from civilization.
The dialogue system is automatic, you just have to approach the NPC to talk. Some NPC ask you questions that you can choose the answer by clicking in the chat window.
Visit every corner, because some NPC give clues and quests which awesome rewards.
Adventure Mode & anti-cheat
You will understand, the game is in adventure mode, you can't break blocks, tape command, etc.
A security system is in charge of stop « briefing » and block the creative game mode. You can try but it's at your own risk.
Economy and Skills
Skills & evolution system
This terrible adventure will put you in difficult situations, the skills evolution systems are created to answer that.
During the game, your character will gain more and more experience, thanks to this Xp, you will be able to exchange against advantageous abilities.
Many effects are available from the weapons master, with several levels unblock :
- Force I, II, III, IV
- Resistance I, II, III, IV
- Speed attack I, II, III
- Renewal of Dahäl I, II, III, IV
- Renewal of heal I, II, III, IV
Money & Shops
A important part of the game that we can't to undervalue : the economy.
The principal money of the game is the « Chronoton »
All monsters killed will give you ONE Chronoton, but the sell of recyclables items or the secrets's searching will give you more.
All these Chronotons give you the possibility to buy a lot of items in different shops in the main village of the game :
- Alchemist (potion's shop)
- Smith (Weapons and armour shop)
- Grocer (food shop)
The Palace sell sacred items.
Indeed, an other money is available in the game. This money is called « Sovereign Shell of Chaos ». With this, you can buy powerful sacred items in the game. This money can be found in some chests and on some monsters or Boss.
Black market
As mentioned previously, you'll be able to exchange many objects like (zombie meat, wire spider, skeleton bones, etc.)
Indeed, thanks to Hannibal Chau's black market, any useless monsters drops can be exchanged in Chronotons.
You will just to put items on specific container, and it's done. Thanks to that, every drop, all items give you a benefit.
Bank
The Bank is a popular place for multiplayer game, because the money exchange system between player is developed in it.
The Bank is in the Palace, you can exchange 5, 50 or 500 Chronotons per click.
You will find in the Bank a exchange system of Chronoton to XP, and XP to Chronoton.
Redstone system and command
Behind this huge map is hiding a system that we would like to show you to prove all of the gameplay.
Many redstones systems have been created, for boss, for the economy, for many challenges. All systems include command blocks with specific codes to improve
the functioning of the events, puzzles ou mechanism.
Take a loot at some redstones systems on this photo :
Music and resourcepack
This map requires a particular Resource-pack, dedicated to ambience music ! You can play with really and unique original music. You can combine this sound resource-pack with others texturing-resources of your choice.
13 songs are available in this resource-pack, these songs follow you during the adventure.
All these songs are composed by Piccomaster, except the end's song composed and played by the Rock/Metal Band « Vernes ».
Thanks
Thank you already for waiting so long, for the release of our map, because it was not won. To give you an idea, this map is a work of 2 years. We have sacrificed almost completely 2 years of our lives for this project.
Sometimes, it was hard, but we had great fun to creat a map of this scale on Vanilla Minecraft.
Thank to all of Beta-tester that have and will test our map :
Fulmen,
Rubn2003,
Devildog68,
Tristepouille,
Maximonf,
Drigabuss,
Freedmatius,
Swann10diamant.
For the english translation, we thank to Sigmund Athena, Devildog68 & Tristepouille .
A Special thank to Kuro Arachi , for his help at the beginning of this project.
We also thank the Rock/Metal band « Vernes » that accepts to put his song at the end of the game. If you want to have more information about the band, click on this hyperlink.
Programs and plugins used : Mcedit (with Sethbling filters), Bukkit, World Edit, Too Many Items, NBT Edit.
Thanks to : Sethbling, MinecraftZephirr, Jesper The End, Moirnvince, Hypixel, for their maps and tutorial video too!
Conclusion
We hope you enjoy the map.
We hope you will spread the map, but quote creators, if you share a free contained.
Of course, we allow gameplay video of the map for Youtube.
If you have some questions concerning bugs, informations or other subject, directly write after this subject or try to contact me on my Facebook page.
Enjoy
Man was infected by bite from cat that was carrying dead mouse in mouth, say Crook county health officials
An Oregon man is in a critical condition with the plague after he was bitten while trying to remove a decaying mouse from the mouth of a stray cat.
The man, who has not been named but is in his 50s, is believed to have caught the disease that rampaged through Europe in the middle ages and is thought to have wiped out between a quarter and a third of the population. In modern times the disease is rare and treatable with antibiotics but can still be fatal.
A local report said the man developed a fever a few days after being bitten on 2 June and was admitted to Crook County hospital.
The disease is caused by the Yersinia pestis bacterium, which can develop into three kinds of plague including the bubonic plague, which swells lymph nodes across the body. The other two are septicaemic plague, which affects the bloodstream, and pneumonic plague, which affects the lungs.
The bacterium is largely transmitted via infected fleas but humans can also catch it by coming into contact with carrier animals.
Karen Yeargain, communicable disease coordinator in the Crook County health department, said the man had been initially showing classic symptoms of the disease. He is reported to have shown signs of both the bubonic and septicaemic forms.
Emilio Debess, Oregon's public health veterinarian, said there had been a number of cases of the disease reported in the state since 1934, including four people who had died.
An average of 11 cases of plague are reported in the US each year, according to the World Health Organisation, with around 1,000 to 3,000 cases worldwide.
While some believe that the black haemorrhages of the skin in the late stages of the disease gave rise to the popular name of the black death, the term was actually coined much later in the 16th century and popularised in the 19th century. It is thought to be more likely a reflection on the terrible effect of the plague on medieval Europe.
Ever wonder when it's ok to let your dog off leash?
Check out this handy flowchart created by the fabulous Jenny Williams. In just a few text bubbles (and with a sense of humor) it'll help you make a responsible, respectful, safe choice!
Hate charts? Here's the super short version: if there's a leash law, the answer is “leash your dog.”
And just in case you're wondering, you are not exempt from leash laws, even if you are*:
• The owner of a Lab
• A board member of an animal shelter
• A middle age white man without a criminal record
• The owner of a friendly dog
• In a parking lot near hiking trails
• A donor to your local humane society
*Yes, these are all real excuses used by real people. To my face.
Listen, let's save some time: don't bother with the rationalizing. It's the law. Just like stop lights, it's in everyone's best interests if we obey these laws, rather than justifying why we're the exception. Can you imagine if we all decided we were the exception to obeying red stop lights because we thought it was a dumb law and we're better drivers than everyone else?! Crash, Bang, Blam-o.
Leash laws exist to keep all of us safe, including our dogs. They help create public spaces that are safe and welcoming to everyone, including the elderly, children, and the disabled.
There are a lot of us that don't want to interact with loose dogs or are afraid of them. We rely on leash laws and purposely choose to visit areas where they exist, with the expectation that dogs will not be loose. When you let your dogs loose in areas with leash laws, you take away our right to choose. Not cool.
Here's something you may not have considered:
Simply seeing a dog that is not leashed, even when that dog is very well behaved, can cause panic for some people.
While you may know that your dog won't cause any trouble, the other person is freaking out about what might potentially occur. They're afraid that without the leash, your dog might suddenly approach them.
Why would they be afraid of my friendly dog? I clearly have him under voice control!
Here's why: Many of us have had frightening encounters with dogs just seconds after their owners swore to us that their dogs were under control/friendly. We understand that not all dogs are the same, but one bitten, twice shy, you know? It just scares the pants off of us to take a gamble with another dog that may or may not be as well behaved as their owner promises us. It's not personal.
Plus, there are these reasons people might be afraid of a potential interaction with your dog:
• They have a physical limitation, such as poor balance or lack of mobility.
• They're senior citizens.
• They're children.
• They rely on Service Dogs that must not be distracted or harmed.
• They (or their dogs) have been bitten or attacked in the past.
• They own dogs who are injured, sick, or otherwise unable to safely interact with other dogs.
• They have a phobia of dogs. Remember, phobias like the ones lots of us have of spiders, snakes, or of heights, are irrational. But that doesn't make it less debilitating (this guy died trying to flee a friendly dog).
For these folks, a leash functions as a visual signal, as much as a physical restraint.
The leash says to the concerned party: “Don't worry. My dog won't suddenly run over, knock you off your crutches, and eat your baby.” Seeing the leash prevents the internal panic-show from starting. Please have compassion for people and use that leash. You'll be someone's hero, without even knowing it!
Beyond those reasons, leash laws exist because we all have different ideas and standards for what constitutes a “well trained, friendly” dog. This simple management tool provides a baseline of safety for all kinds of dogs to be out in public, even if the handler is new to dog training (we were all new at some point!). Leashes are not perfect or foolproof – learn how to use a retractable here and leash etiquette here – but with one you're covering the bases and being responsible.
With more cars, more people, and more dogs, crammed into less space than ever before, we all need to have our dogs under our full control. Leashes keep dogs safe and out of trouble. Dogs aren't robots. Even good, well trained dogs make not-so-great choices sometimes. A leash can keep your dog from chasing a ball in front of bus, getting spooked by gunfire and taking off into the woods, accidentally scratching a kid and bringing on a lawsuit, French kissing a porcupine, or chasing a herd of deer across a park and making you a YouTube star.
Look, just because we want you to leash your dog in certain public areas, doesn't mean we're scrooges. Lots of us like watching dogs run off leash. The truth is that the perfect complement to areas with leash laws are designated, accessible, and welcoming off-leash areas. This allows everyone to enjoy public recreation with their dogs, in whatever environment – on or off leash – that suits them best. When both on and off leash areas exist, it gives everyone a choice and prevents responsible dog owners who prefer off leash recreation from being unfairly marginalized. If you or someone you know is interested in increasing off-leash areas, please see the following article from Bark Magazine.
In the end, that's what all of us want: to choose what is best for us and our dogs, to be treated with common courtesy, and to be provided with safe options for recreation in our communities. Also, some of us want free ice cream cones every Friday. But since we can't get everything we want, we'll settle for dog owners who obey leash laws.
Be responsible, respectful, safe!
United States presidential election in the American Samoa, 2016 ← 2012 November 8, 2016 2020 → President before election
Barack Obama
Democratic Elected President
Donald Trump
Republican
American Samoa did not participate in the November 8, 2016, general election because it is a territory and not a state. However, the five non-incorporated territories that send Delegates to the House of Representatives did participate in the presidential primaries.
In the presidential primaries, American Samoa voters expressed their preferences for the Democratic and Republican parties' respective nominees for president. Registered members of each party could only vote in their party's primary, while voters who were unaffiliated were allowed to choose any one primary in which to vote.
Primary elections [ edit ]
Republican primary [ edit ]
The Republican caucus took place on March 22, 2016:
American Samoa Republican territorial caucus, March 22, 2016 Candidate Votes Percentage Actual delegate count Bound Unbound Total Donald Trump 0 9 9 Ted Cruz 0 0 0 Unprojected delegates: 0 0 0 Total: 0 9 9 Source: The Green Papers
Democratic caucus [ edit ]
The Democratic caucus took place on March 1, 2016.
See also [ edit ]
The Ottawa Senators' state of mind was laid bare one year ago when, as a playoff bubble team, they acquired Dion Phaneuf from the Toronto Maple Leafs. You don't take on a contract of that magnitude—still four more years to go after this one at an annual cap hit of $7 million—unless you're living in the now.
Twelve months later, it's safe to say Ottawa is still more likely to acquire established pieces than sell them.
The Sens, who missed the post-season last spring, have surprised some by basically holding down a playoff spot all year. And with the Atlantic-leading Montreal Canadiens stumbling, there's an opening for Ottawa to take a run at the division penthouse.
While it seems like a stretch to consider the Senators a legit Eastern Conference contender—especially given their unspectacular underlying numbers—it's worth noting that Craig Anderson, who just returned from a long absence spent beside his wife while she battled cancer, has a career playoff save percentage of .933 in 27 games. Should the Sens lock up, say, second place in the there-for-the-taking Atlantic, would it be that shocking to see them win two playoff rounds?
Tape II Tape Ryan Dixon and Rory Boylen go deep on pucks with a mix of facts and fun, leaning on a varied group of hockey voices to give their take on the country's most beloved game.
Any team dangling an in-his-prime, needle-moving player in front of Ottawa is likely to at least ask whether prized blue line prospect Thomas Chabot—who was an absolute monster for Canada last month at the World Junior Championship—could be had in the return.
One young player who could be available is regular healthy scratch Curtis Lazar. The 22-year-old centre/winger, drafted 17th overall in 2013, may be destined to find his NHL footing with a different club, though Ottawa—which does not hold a second-round pick this June or next—would certainly ask for something significant back.
Needs:
If the Senators make a move—regardless of whether or not it involves Lazar—chances are it will be for help up front. Losing Clarke MacArthur for the season with a concussion was a blow to the secondary scoring and the Sens, who are in the league's bottom third in terms of goals-per-game, don't have a single forward who's producing at a 65-point clip. That's why you've heard the name of Colorado Avalanche stud Matt Duchene linked to Canada's capital.
Potential Targets:
Forwards: Matt Duchene, Gabriel Landeskog, Thomas Vanek, Patrick Sharp,
Defence: Johnny Oduya
Pending Free Agents, age, salaries:
UFAs
Tommy Wingels, 28, $1,732,500
Chris Neil, 37, $1,500,000
Chris Kelly, 36, $900,000
Tom Pyatt, 30, $8,00,000
Mike Condon, 26, $575,000
RFAs
Jean-Gabriel Pageau, 24, $900,000
Curtis Lazar, 22, $894,167
Ryan Dzingel, 24, $750,000
Fredrik Claesson, 24, $700,000
Potential assets to move:
From the roster
Curtis Lazar: As noted, things just don't seem to be working out between the player and franchise. Lazar is at a point where he needs to play consistently.
Cody Ceci: If it helped land a big fish, you could potentially move Ceci and bank on Chabot filling his top-four spot soon. But you're not trading a big, young, right-shot blue-liner unless it's for a titillating return, one that likely has to include a decent defenceman for the here and now.
Bobby Ryan: We know it sounds nuts, but standby for an explanation.
From the farm
Logan Brown, C: You're only moving the 11th overall pick from last year for a piece that pays immediate dividends and because you already have world junior stand out Colin White in the system.
Filip Chlapik, C: The 19-year-old Czech is a top-five scorer in the QMJHL with the Charlottetown Islanders. Again, not a player Ottawa should in any way be anxious to shed unless it really stimulates talks in a serious trade.
Draft Picks:
2017: 1st, 3rd, 4th, 6th
2018: 1st, 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th (own), 7th (Rangers)
One bold move team could make:
Well, the real risk would come on the other end of this deal, but it's worth floating: If you're GM Pierre Dorion, why not pick up the phone and see if the New Jersey Devils are willing to take a chance on Ryan, a Garden State native?
Things have never jived for Ryan in Ottawa and the situation got worse under new coach Guy Boucher. Would Jersey take a chance on a native son who's a month shy of his 30th birthday, used to post 30-goal seasons regularly in Anaheim and desperately needs a change of scenery?
Maybe there's a scenario where the Devils send some money back to Ottawa in the form of Mike Cammalleri—who has two seasons left after this one at an annual hit of $5 million—in exchange for Ryan and a hefty deal that pays him $7.25 million against the cap through 2021-22. It would be a home run swing for the re-tooling Devils and a chance to get out from under Ryan's contract for the Sens.
Sounds crazy? Well, how many people had Phaneuf headed from one Ontario team to the other last year?
The Senators shouldn't…
Ship out Chabot or White, perhaps at all and certainly not now. Both were great at the WJC, and in White's case it was his second straight encouraging showing there. Chabot and White could be significant contributors to the big club by this time next year and that might do more to fill out the Sens roster than any trade can.
Press release hoax had claimed UN office on drugs and crime recommended decriminalizing marijuana and other liberal policies before Ungass summit
As the United Nations held its first General Assembly in 18 years to discuss narcotics policy, many activists for reform – and no doubt many recreational users – hoped that the international body would liberalize current treaties that outlaw drugs.
Decriminalize all drugs, business and world leaders tell UN Read more
They may have found hope in a Los Angeles Times story that reported the UN's office on drugs and crime recommended decriminalizing drug use, the end of drug crime executions and the mandatory minimum drug sentences.
The story, published at the start of the United Nations general assembly special session, Ungass, included comments from several UN officials, press releases and links to what appeared to be the UNODC website.
All appear to have been part of an elaborate hoax, first unearthed by Marijuana.com.
“I was catching up on coverage coming out of Ungass, because it's been a busy week with Ungass itself, and 4/20, and various other marijuana-related things,” said Tom Angell, a marijuana activist and journalist for Marijuana.com, who first investigated the hoax.
“I came across the quote from Yury Fedotov, and the spokesperson, and just immediately knew they couldn't be real based on UNODC's real position,” he said.
In the LA Times story, Fedotov, who really is the executive director of the United Nations office on drugs and crime was quoted in a statement that appeared to mark a dramatic U-turn on the past five decades of international drug policy.
The science increasingly supports decriminalization and harm reduction over proscriptive, fear-based approaches,” UNODC Executive Director Yuri Fedotov said in a statement Tuesday. “It's time to reverse the cycles of violence that occur wherever ‘drug wars' are undertaken, and to abandon policies that exacerbate suffering.”
Other quotes were attributed to the UNODC spokesperson “Kevin Campo”, a fictitious name that appears to have been cobbled together from the names of two real UNODC spokespersons, Kevin Town and Carlos Gomez del Campo.
Kevin Campo (@KevCampoUN) Sometimes I love my job #UNODC #UNGASShttps://t.co/f4trC3ITJK
In another fake press release on a UNODC dummy site, “Campo” said that, “The UNODC is proud to take its cue from a popular movement supporting marijuana decriminalization in particular, which claims as its annual holiday 4/20, or 20 April, the central date of this year's UNGASS.” The dummy site appears almost identical to the original, save a slightly different URL.
The hoax was so elaborate, that a fake press release condemned the first fake statements, by explaining the UNODC's policy on celebration of 4/20.
The United Nations does not recognize ‘4/20',” said a fake release attributed to a real UNODC spokesperson David Dadge. “And although we wish we had good news for the folks who do, some large and powerful states still insist on blocking the majority's desire to decriminalize, which means that this senseless war on people will continue.”
Asked by the Guardian, Town said the UNODC is “looking into resolving this”.
The Los Angeles Times issued a prominent correction on the story, saying: “Though the UN was examining policy changes, that statement was based on a news release that was a hoax … The article also quotes Kevin Campo, who is identified in the fake news release as a spokesman for the UN agency. He is not an agency spokesman.”
Some quotes from Fedotov in the piece came from an email conversation with the Russian UN official. The newspaper declined to comment further on the incident.
The hoax is at least similar to work created by “The Yes Men”, social activists who have gone so far as to create fake New York Times editions and dupe the US Chamber of Commerce.
Although some activists had hoped that this week's meeting would lead to progressive reforms of drug policy, the UN instead backed a continuation of repressive tactics and did not offer an opinion on capital punishment. Speaking at the event, the president of the International Narcotics Control Board called legal marijuana “in clear contravention of the conventions”.
A tentative settlement has been reached in a portion of a federal civil rights suit Ryan Ferguson filed against local officials after his conviction in a 2001 killing was thrown out.
Parties in the case held a telephone conference May 19 in which U.S. District Judge Judge Nanette Laughrey was told of the pending settlement on the liability portion of the case. A bench trial is scheduled for June 26 in Jefferson City on damages. According to the docket entry in online court records, the bench trial is expected to begin at noon and last no more than four hours.
Details of the settlement have not been made public. A settlement typically does not include any admission of guilt or liability.
The suit was filed in early 2014 and originally included the city of Columbia; Boone County; circuit Judge Kevin Crane, who prosecuted Ferguson; several police officers; and other investigators who worked on the case. All defendants except for retired Columbia Police Department officers Bryan Liebhart, Jeff Nichols, Jeff Westbrook, John Short and Lloyd Simons and current Officer Latisha Stroer have since been dismissed.
Brad Letterman, attorney for the officers, declined to comment when reached by phone Friday. Kathleen Zellner, Ferguson's attorney, did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment. Ferguson's father, Bill, who has long been a family spokesman and fought for years for his son's release, deferred to Zellner for comment.
Tribune Sports Editor Kent Heitholt was found beaten and strangled to death early in the morning Nov. 1, 2001. The case went cold until Ferguson and a high school classmate, Charles Erickson, were arrested in 2004. Erickson had told people he believed he and Ferguson may have committed the crime and subsequently confessed to police, a confession he has since claimed was coerced.
Ferguson, who maintained his innocence over the years he was locked up, grew up in Columbia but moved out of state shortly after his release from prison. Erickson, whose testimony implicated Ferguson and himself, remains in prison as his counsel readies an appeal. He has recanted his trial testimony and has denied involvement in Heitholt's death. Erickson has said that then-prosecutor Crane pressured him to confess and testify against Ferguson. He took a plea deal and received a 25-year sentence.
In fall 2013, a Missouri Court of Appeals Western District panel vacated Ferguson's convictions for robbery and murder. The Missouri Attorney General's Office, appointed to review the case after the court's opinion was issued, declined to prosecute and Ferguson was released in November 2013.
aburdziak@columbiatribune.com
573-815-1718
George Osborne could be forced to borrow billions of pounds more than forecast by 2020 if he sticks with spending cuts that will hit economic growth, according to a report by City University.
With only days to go before the chancellor's autumn statement, the report says the Treasury has underestimated the impact of welfare and departmental spending cuts on the broader economy and especially cuts to public sector investment.
Without a boost to public infrastructure, private sector businesses will limit their own investment plans, leading to lower productivity and depressed GDP growth over the next four years.
By 2020, the government will be forced to report a £40bn deficit instead of the planned £10bn surplus, the report concludes, undermining Osborne's fiscal charter, which dictates that governments borrow only in times of distress.
Relentless cuts won't help Britain's long-term economic prospects | Letters Read more
The study by two academics from City University comes only days before the chancellor is expected to tell parliament that he plans to achieve a budget surplus by 2020 from a mixture of cuts to departmental spending and welfare and from higher tax receipts, especially income tax and national insurance.
But he is already off track in 2015-16 after a run of poor figures for the public finances. Last week, the Office for National Statistics reported that higher government spending and lower corporation tax receipts than expected in October had sent borrowing to its highest for that month since 2009.
Richard Murphy, an academic at City University who has advised the Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn, said the £50bn gap in borrowing was likely because the Treasury would repeat the same mistakes it made between 2010 and 2015, when the coalition government borrowed £160bn more than predicted.
He said the government planned to ignore a study by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) that showed cuts to public expenditure during the recovery from a financial crash can result in lower growth, depressed tax receipts and the need for higher borrowing.
The analysis of the multiplier effect from spending cuts shows that far from allowing private consumption and investment to accelerate, it remains modest at best, limiting growth and tax receipts.
Murphy said: “The very low multiplier the Treasury uses assumes that cuts in government spending will stimulate growth. That's an assumption, and not a fact.
“It is one the IMF now disagree with. And the result of basing policy on that multiplier is we have more cuts than we need, lower growth in the UK economy as a result, lower earnings for most households and so lower tax revenues – which actually makes balancing the government's books harder,” he added.
The Treasury and the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR), which makes forecasts based on Treasury spending plans, assume that the multiplier for every £1 of public spending cuts is less than 70p for the economy as a whole. But the IMF study showed it could be as much as £1.70 as private businesses recoiled from making long-term investment decisions while the government retrenched.
Murphy pointed a report by the credit ratings agency Standard & Poor's, which argued that every extra increase in public investment spending of 1% of GDP in one year would lead to a multiplier effect of two-and-a-half times over three years.
“We also project that such investment would add more than 300,000 jobs in the same year as the increase occurred,” said S&P.
Murphy said: “The fact that Osborne looks certain to already miss his 2015-16 forecast by some way just makes it clear that neither the Treasury nor OBR seem to have learned the error of their ways and continue to impose austerity on the UK for wholly inappropriate reasons as a consequence.”
Google has just released a new Google Calendar app for the iPhone and iPod touch.Get the official Google Calendar app for your iPhone to save time and make the most of every day.Features:● A new Schedule View - See your schedule at a glance with photos and maps of the places you're going.● Events from Gmail - Flight, hotel, concert, restaurant reservations and more are added to your calendar automatically.● Assists to fill in your calendar - You can quickly create events with smart suggestions for event titles, places and people.● Different ways to view your calendar - Speedily switch between viewing a single day to getting an overview of multiple days at once.● All your calendars in one, easy place - Google Calendar works with all calendars on your phone, including Exchange and iCloud.You can download Google Calendar from the App Store for free.Source: iClarified
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has said he could leave Borussia Dortmund this summer but suggested he may not join his dream club Real Madrid.
Aubameyang, who has also been linked with Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain, told new German daily Fussball Bild it is "100 percent" certain he will remain at Dortmund until the summer but could not promise he would still be at the Westfalenstadion next season.
"Nobody can foresee the future," the 27-year-old said. "I love it at Dortmund, but I can't say that I'll stay for two more years, or five or 10. It's possible that a club could reach an agreement with Dortmund in June and I'll go."
Aubemeyang, who has scored 16 goals in 15 Bundesliga games this season, added: "I want to be honest: When you are ambitious and also want to see something else ... it's difficult to talk about. Some players have ambitions, and therefore they leave and want to experience something new, you know."
However, the Gabon international has said it is not certain he will move to Madrid, despite having said on numerous occasions that he had promised his grandfather he would play for Los Blancos one day.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang ruled out Bavaria and said a move to Liverpool is unlikely but he has been linked with Man City.
When it was put to Aubameyang that Madrid were his "dream club" if he were to leave Dortmund, he replied: "Yes, yes. That's true but, you know, there is not only Real Madrid in this world."
Sport Bild reported in recent days that Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane is looking for a different type of player.
"I don't know if that's true but, also, I am not interested in it," he said. "If Real want me, they will call me one day and, if not, no problem. I live my life and am optimistic about the future."
The Daily Telegraph reported this week that Manchester City -- who had been strongly linked with Aubameyang last summer -- retain a "strong interest" in the player, while PSG have also been linked.
Fussball Bild suggested he could be tempted by a reunion with his former coach Jurgen Klopp at Liverpool, but he replied: "I don't think that'll happen."
Aubameyang also said he would not become the latest Dortmund player to make the move to domestic rivals Bayern Munich, with Mario Gotze, Robert Lewandowski and Mats Hummels all having made that switch in recent years.
"I would never join Bavaria," he said. "That's for sure. That would be too hard on the Dortmund fans. Whatever they'd offer me, I'd say no."
Aubameyang is currently playing at the African Nations Cup in Gabon, where he has already scored two goals for the host nation. However, they have drawn both their games so far and need to beat Cameroon in the final group stage match to reach the knockout stage.
Should Gabon fail to qualify for the next round, Aubameyang could return to Dortmund next week.
Stephan Uersfeld is the Germany correspondent for ESPN FC. Follow him on Twitter @uersfeld.
Leicester City are also keen to sign Shaun Maloney (left).
Major League Soccer side Chicago Fire will find out this week whether they have been successful in their pursuit of Scotland and Wigan Athletic forward Shaun Maloney, sources have told ESPN FC.
The interest from Chicago was first registered last November, with 31-year-old Maloney interested in exploring the possibility of making a move to America's MLS, even though he is believed to have expressed a preference to return to a Premier League club if possible.
Leicester City had a bid for the player rejected last week and Wigan are currently mulling over a fresh offer submitted by the Premier League strugglers in recent days, with Maloney certain to make a move this month as he will be out of contract an the end of this season.
Maloney's former club Celtic are also interested in re-signing the attacking star, with manager Ronny Deila confirming he would like to sign the former Aston Villa star this month.
"He is a good player and is one we know about," Celtic boss Deila told reporters when asked about Maloney last week. "He is at Wigan at the moment but we will wait and see. I have seen him many times. He is a quick, creative player and is a very good person with a great mentality. He looks like a Celtic player."
Wigan boss Malky Mackay has confirmed Maloney is the subject of plenty of transfer interest, as the club prepares to say farewell one of the stars of their 2013 FA Cup final triumph against Manchester City.
"There is serious interest in him from a few clubs," Mackay said. "If it is something that suits Shaun and suits ourselves, then it is something that we can deal with and it is something that might happen."
ESPN FC has been told that Maloney is open minded about the scramble for his services and would relish the chance to move to Chicago, who are believed to have made the most attractive financial offer to Wigan for his services.
Some of Melee's most robust competitors came to Boston to compete in Shine 2017 last weekend, the second edition of Big Blue eSports' Shine series. Outcomes and set count varied wildly, but high level play was abundant that led to some memorable moments. Editor's Picks CS:GO - SK leads EPL after Week 1 SK Gaming leads the pack in North America after Week 1 in the ESL Pro League. Meanwhile, PGL Major Krakow runners-up Immortals, and some newcomers to the EPL, struggled.
CS:GO -- FaZe lead the pack at the ESL Pro League New season, new rosters. With the addition of Fnatic veteran olofmeister to the FaZe lineup, the new iteration of the "clan" has seized the top spot in the standings.
Overwatch League teams required to create new geolocated brands, confirms Blizzard Ahead of the Overwatch League launch, Blizzard confirmed that each team joining will need to create a new brand for the city it occupies. 2 Related
Throughout the tournament, predictions were shattered and expectations surpassed. Emerging as the winner was Juan "Hungrybox" Debiedma, whose play proved too much for Joseph "Mang0" Marquez during the grand finals. Below we take a look at some of the most intriguing storylines leading up to this moment.
A UCF
To commence losers top 8, Daniel "ChuDat" Rodriguez and William "Leffen" Hjelte both squared up to defend their own tournament life. Initially it seemed as though the talented Swede had the upperhand on ChuDat as he began to establish a 2-0 lead.
That quickly changed as ChuDat fanned the flame within him into a roaring fire and snatched the next three games with ease, declaring himself the winner and pushing Leffen out of the tournament -- or so we thought.
Leffen took to Twitter to announce that UCF (Universal Controller Fix, essentially a supplement to the game to make it more fair for both players to perform tech-skill) was off for his set against Chu, breaking a precedent that had been set for the entire tournament. This prompted an apology, as well as a rematch, from the tournament organizers.
Leffen won the rematch, but not without many complaints from the community, who deemed it unfair to ChuDat. Nevertheless, Chu was cast out of losers and Leffen advanced further only to be beat by Jason "Mew2King" Zimmerman in losers quarters.
A Falcon
Last year at Shine, it was Zac "SFAT" Cordoni who had the Cinderella run. This year, it was none other then Falcon main Johnny "s2j" Kim, whose domineering performance -- and stoic resolve -- paved the way for a spectacular 3rd place finish.
s2j got knocked out early on in winners bracket by Hungrybox. Still, he wasn't demoralized by this loss in the least; it may have even emboldened him as he ripped through his opponents in losers. He rooted out three top-players -- SFAT, Hugo "HugS" Gonzales, and Mustafa "Ice" Akcakaya -- before continuing his rampage in top 8.
There, he hammered the final nail in Dajuan "Shroomed" McDaniel's coffin, catapulting him out of the tournament with a 3-0. Waiting for s2j was in losers quarterfinals was Justin "Plup" McGrath. Plup, looking to build upon his recent tournament placings of 1st and 3rd, was stopped short after s2j handed him a 5th place finish. This allowed for a highly-anticipated set in losers semis: Mew2King vs s2j.
The fact that he has never defeated a top-five player didn't seem to loom over s2j's head as he, with utmost style, ended M2K's tournament run. With a humble pop-off, and an even more humble walk off stage, s2j was poised to fight Mang0 in losers finals. Mang0 decimated his fellow SoCal friend, but s2j's performance up to that point was still nothing short of excellent.
And as one could gauge by the loudness of the 's2j' chants from the crowd at Shine, it's safe to say that he highlighted the event for everyone.
Return
After struggling with his placings lately, Hungrybox finally stands tall with a win clutched in his hand. This is his first major win since Smash 'N' Splash 3, and likely grants the Puff main some much-needed confidence going forward with the remainder of the year.
Mang0 put on a great show for fans with his Falco, which he rather unusually opted to use against Hungrybox in winners finals and a bit of grand finals, as opposed to sticking with his tried-and-true Fox. Although Hungrybox both sent him to losers and eventually, shoved him out of the tournament, Mang0's combos and movement were still enough to make any fan content.
Going forth, we'll see if Hungrybox continues to regain his footing, or if another god (or godslayer) can supplant him.
WASHINGTON (AP) ---Hillary Clinton is refusing to respond to Donald Trump's recent comments that she was an "enabler" of Bill Clinton's marital infidelities during his political career.
Clinton tells reporters following an event in a politically critical Virginia suburb that she has "nothing to say" about the Republican front-runner "and how he's running his campaign."
Trump said during the weekend that the Democratic presidential candidate was "married to a man who was the worst abuser of women in the history of politics." He also called Hillary Clinton a "total enabler."
The former secretary of state tells reporters that she's answering Trump "on what I think voters care about," including on differences "between our records, our experience, what we want to do for our country." Clinton spoke to reporters after holding a discussion with voters in Virginia's Loudoun County about work and family issues.
Copyright 2016: Associated Press
Just as Margaret Thatcher, then the British prime minister, unsympathetically dismissed Mr. Sands as a “convicted criminal,” Israeli officials have accused Mr. Adnan of being an active member of Islamic Jihad. But if this is the case, Israel should prove it in court.
Mr. Adnan's actions over the past nine weeks demonstrated that he was willing to give his life — nonviolently and selflessly — to advance Palestinian freedom. Others must now show similar courage.
Photo
What is needed is a Palestinian version of the Arab revolutions that have swept the region: a mass movement demanding freedom, dignity, a just peace, real democracy and the right to self-determination. We must take the initiative, practice self-reliance and pursue a form of nonviolent struggle that we can sustain without depending on others to make decisions for us or in our place.
In the last several years, Palestinians have organized peaceful protests against the concrete and wire “separation barrier” that pens us into what are best described as bantustans. We have sought to mobilize popular resistance to this wall by following in the nonviolent traditions of Martin Luther King Jr. and Mohandas K. Gandhi — and we remain determined to sustain peaceful protest even when violently attacked.
Using these techniques, we have already succeeded in pressuring the Israeli government to reroute the wall in villages like Jayyous and Bilin and helped hundreds of Palestinians get their land back from settlers or the Israeli Army.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Our movement is not intended to delegitimize Israel, as the Israeli government claims. It is, instead, a movement to delegitimize the Israeli occupation of the West Bank, which we believe is the last surviving apartheid system in the world. It is a movement that could free Palestinians from nearly 45 years of occupation and Israelis from being part of the last colonial-settler system of our time.
I remember the days when some political leaders of the largest Palestinian political parties, Al Fatah and Hamas, laughed at our nonviolent struggle, which they saw as soft and ineffective. But the turning point came in the summer of 2008, when we managed to break the Israeli naval siege of Gaza with small boats. Suddenly, I saw great respect in the eyes of the same leaders who had doubted the power of nonviolence but finally recognized its potential.
The power of nonviolence is that it gives Palestinians of all ages and walks of life the tools to challenge those subjugating us. And thousands of peace activists from around the world have joined our movement. In demonstrations in East Jerusalem, Silwan and Hebron we are also being joined by a new and younger Israeli peace movement that categorically rejects Israeli occupation.
Unfortunately, continuing Israeli settlement activity could soon lead us to the point of no return. Indeed, if we do not soon achieve a genuinely independent Palestinian state, we will be forced to press instead for a single democratic state with equal rights and responsibilities for both Palestinians and Israelis.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
We are not sure how long it will take before our nonviolent struggle achieves its goal. But we are sure of one thing: it will succeed, and Palestinians will one day be free.
In the wake of Hamilton's blow-up at Sepang last weekend, Mercedes elected to change running parameters in Japan, a move which has included running a different specification of oil and less aggressive engine modes.
The lack of the qualifying boost mode – which is believed to be worth around three tenths of a second in qualifying – could explain why Ferrari was able to get within three tenths of a second of Mercedes at Suzuka on Saturday afternoon.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff said that the impact of the actions Mercedes had taken was in clear evidence in qualifying, but he was hopeful it would not slow his drivers down too much in the race.
"We have put certain safety measures in place to maybe not run it as spicy as we could," explained Wolff. "But we don't know, as a fact, that this can protect the engine more.
"It also has an effect on laptime during the race, although the race laptime deficit is not as large as the qualifying deficit."
Wolff hoped that the action taken would give Mercedes enough room to be able to come up with a definitive answer as to why Hamilton's failure occurred.
"What we had in Malaysia was the worst case for us as we don't want to interfere in the drivers' championship with a car stopping," he said.
"This is a mechanical sport but it is still something we try to avoid as much as we can. Within a week you are not able to properly assess all the root causes of the problem.
"We have tried to contain it with several measures, which I can't really comment on. But it doesn't give us an ultimate guarantee and relief that we are safe for tomorrow. So it's not an easy situation."
No answers
Wolff said investigations at Mercedes' Brixworth headquarters were ongoing, as power unit chief Andy Cowell worked flat out to deliver an answer about what happened last weekend.
"We get a substantial presentation every day on where they are with the analysis of the power unit, and it's in pieces and all the bits are analysed," added Wolff. "We've been looking at a different engine from the same build to try to find a common denominator.
"There are certain avenues we are pursuing at the moment that look interesting in terms of finding the root cause, but obviously it's only three days since they had the engine.
"So he [Cowell] is flat out. I get emails at the weirdest hours of the day UK time from him. The group around him are working flat out."
Customer impact
Williams, which missed out on getting through to Q3 at the Japanese GP, admitted that it had made changes for this weekend – although engine modes were not hurt too much.
Technical chief Pat Symonds said: "We were planning to use new engines here and we are not using them. We are keeping the old engines.
"We have had to change oils – we haven't had too much of a worry on modes. But until it is fully explained – it is partially explained – what happened with Hamilton's engine, we need to keep a little bit of a lid on things."
Fresh criticisms of the GOP tax bill emerged Tuesday from centrist and conservative Republicans following reports that the legislation would hike taxes on the middle class, as well as some wealthy Americans.
Conservative Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE (R-Texas) called raising taxes on people in high-tax, Democratic states like New York and California “a mistake” — a concern shared by Rep. Darrell Issa Darrell Edward IssaThe Hill's Morning Report — Shutdown fallout — economic distress Former congressmen, RNC members appointed to Trump administration roles Senate throws hundreds of Trump nominees into limbo MORE (R-Calif.), who became the first Golden State Republican to reject the current House bill.
The conservative outside group Club for Growth also outlined four areas that it objected to in the tax bill, including the addition of a fourth tax bracket for millionaires and the fact that the bill phases out the estate tax rather than quickly nixing it.
ADVERTISEMENT
Still, most Republicans predicted the bill will pass with a big GOP vote next week. And there was a sense that the small group of on-the-fence lawmakers were holding out simply to extract some last-minute changes ahead of their eventual support.
“I'm undecided. We just want to see how the final bill shapes out. … On the business side, [it's] all good,” said Rep. John Katko John Michael KatkoThe Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race House Dems release 2020 GOP 'retirements to watch' for Overnight Defense: Gillibrand offers bill to let transgender troops serve | Pentagon ready to protect US personnel in Venezuela | Dems revive fight with Trump over Saudis MORE (R-N.Y.), who was just elected co-chairman of the moderate Tuesday Group. Katko has concerns with the bill axing and paring back state and local tax (SALT) deductions that are popular in affluent blue states like New York, New Jersey and California.
“At first glance, it looks like it's not as bad as I thought,” Katko said of the SALT impact. But “until I get the final numbers, I can't make a final determination.”
Issa echoed those remarks in an interview with The Hill, saying he backs the corporate tax changes but is opposed to the SALT impacts to his San Diego-area constituents and other Californians.
“The way it's being structured, it's unfair to California,” Issa said just off the House floor. “In its current form, it clearly raises taxes on some people, including in my state.”
But centrist Rep. Tom MacArthur (R-N.J.), one of the most vocal opponents of changes to the SALT deduction, said Tuesday he was now prepared to vote for the bill.
He said he was satisfied with a compromise leaders struck with him and other SALT advocates that would preserve the state and local property tax deduction up to a $10,000 cap.
“I am in the yes column,” MacArthur told reporters. “This is going to be good for the state of New Jersey. I'll continue to work to make it better, but I intend to support the bill.
“Nobody has demonstrated to me that taxes go up.”
MacArthur said he was continuing to seek other improvements to the bill, such as setting the mortgage deduction cap at $750,000, linking it to inflation and allowing it to apply to second homes.
On the other end of the spectrum, Rep. Andy Biggs (R-Ariz.), a member of the far-right House Freedom Caucus, described himself as an “undecided lean yes.”
He's pushing for reducing the rates of all tax brackets, including for the wealthiest individuals, maintaining the adoption tax credit and applying the tax cuts retroactively.
Biggs voted against the GOP's ObamaCare repeal bill earlier this year, but he said he could still back the tax legislation even if his proposals aren't included.
“I think we need to do so much better on the individual side,” Biggs told The Hill. “I'm undecided at this point. But I think a lot of people are raising the same issues that I'm raising.”
GOP leaders are scrambling to wrap up support for their tax-code overhaul, a long-held aspiration of Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.), who is also under considerable pressure to secure a legislative victory for President Trump after the failure of ObamaCare repeal earlier in the year.
The House Ways and Means Committee completed its second day of a marathon markup on Tuesday, and Ryan has set a Thanksgiving deadline for considering the bill on the floor. GOP leaders are trumpeting the package as a boon for the middle class, providing the average family of four with a $1,182 tax cut.
“That goes a long ways to bring them relief, to bring them peace of mind,” Ryan told reporters.
Complicating the effort, a series of independent studies have emerged in recent days indicating that millions of middle-class families would be hit with tax increases under the House proposal, particularly when certain benefits are phased out after several years.
Democrats have pounced, accusing Republicans of dishonoring the central promise of their tax-reform push: that the changes would provide across-the-board relief to working families.
“It's a lie,” said Rep. Linda Sánchez (D-Calif.).
Rep. Jim Jordan James (Jim) Daniel JordanFive takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump Jordan says Oversight should be more focused on McCabe, Rosenstein ahead of Cohen testimony White House, GOP defend Trump emergency declaration MORE (R-Ohio), a former Freedom Caucus chairman, is still pressing GOP leaders to include a provision repealing ObamaCare's individual insurance mandate — a notion promoted by Cruz and President Trump but one the House leadership has so far rejected.
Echoing Cruz, Jordan said he won't support tax increases at any income level, but he argued that eliminating the individual mandate would generate at least $300 billion that could provide tax relief to families who might otherwise face hikes.
“We've all voted for it, it's what we said we were going to do [and] it frees up money to allow families to get more money,” Jordan said. “Come on!”
Some deficit hawks have balked at the tax package because it allows for $1.5 trillion to be added to the federal deficit over a decade. But Jordan rejected that argument, citing a simple mantra he attributed to Rep. Thomas Massie (R-Ky.): “You don't pay for tax cuts, you pay for spending."
“I've been against a revenue-neutral approach forever. Let's just focus on the spending afterwards,” Jordan said.
At least five Republicans are on the record opposing the GOP bill or strongly leaning against it, according to a running tally kept by The Hill. They are Issa and Reps. Lee Zeldin (N.Y.), Pete King Peter (Pete) Thomas KingWhite House threatens to veto background check bills This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration House to vote on background check bills next week MORE (N.Y.), Leonard Lance (N.J.) and Frank LoBiondo (N.J.), who announced Tuesday he would not seek a 13th term in office.
GOP leaders can afford to lose up to 22 Republicans when they bring the tax bill to the floor next week.
Niv Ellis, Cristina Marcos and Naomi Jagoda contributed.
Swedish appliance maker Electrolux has recalled four models of its glass gas cooker hobs, following customers' reports of the glass tops shattering and small explosions occurring when in use.
About 5,800 homes are affected.
At least one user was scalded as a result, said Singapore's safety authority Spring Singapore.
Consumers who bought the affected models between 2014 and last year should stop using them immediately.
They should also contact Electrolux for a full refund once the company has collected or verified the model.
RECALL INFORMATION
Affected models: EGT9637CKP, EGT7637EGP, EGT7637CKP and EGT7627CKP bought between 2014 and last year What to do: • Stop using the units and contact Electrolux for refund. • E-mail Electrolux at customer-care.sin@electrolux.com or call 6727-3613 or 6727-3699 between 9am and 5pm daily.
Electrolux said it has been working closely with Spring on the matter since last April, when it received the first report of a problem.
Spring issued a letter of suspension to the company to stop the sales of affected models.
"No further reports were received until Jan 4 when Spring received a report from a condominium developer of many similar cases, including one which resulted in minor scalding," the agency said.
Electrolux said this was not a case of "product defect" as the product models have been certified and compliant with Singapore's laws and regulations. But it did not explain what caused the shattering or explosions.
"No other models, including those that run on liquefied petroleum gas or cylinder gas, are affected. We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause," the manufacturer said.
Retailers Courts and Ikea said they stopped the sales of the affected models yesterday.
Ms Shirlyn Lim said her Electrolux cooker hob, which she bought in April two years ago, exploded last August when she was using it to boil water. Tiny pieces of glass went flying, giving her a fright, she said. "Luckily it did not hurt or injure anyone. I have a toddler at home," said Ms Lim, a 38-year-old purchasing executive.
On Electrolux's Facebook page, at least two customers posted complaints last month about their gas stove exploding or shattering. One of them, Ms May Chen, claimed the blast was so strong that her kitchen cabinet was dislodged, the false ceiling cracked and a family member scalded by oil splatter.
Consumers Association of Singapore president Lim Biow Chuan said: "We urge consumers to check if their models are affected and, if so, to comply immediately with the advisory to stop using it."
Consumers who have purchased the affected models may e-mail customer-care.sin@electrolux.com or call 6727-3613 or 6727-3699 between 9am and 5pm daily.
In an updated press statement on Saturday (Jan 7), Electrolux added that the product recall and refund applies to any customer with the affected models.
For condominium residents, they can contact Electrolux directly to start the refund and collection process while Electrolux continues to work separately with developers on the recall process.
The product dimensions of the said models are now available online for the reference of users looking for similar-sized hobs: www.electrolux.com.sg/Electrolux-Cooker-Hob
Terry Moran says research reveals disconnect between what Canberra thinks public wants and what they really want
One of Australia's most senior public servants has delivered a scathing assessment of the federal bureaucracy's ability to devise and deliver on policies Australians want, saying “if it was a patient, it would be in palliative care”.
Now chair of the Centre for Policy Development, Terry Moran AC was head of the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet for more than three years during the Rudd-Gillard Labor government.
In a process begun by the Howard government and continued under Labor, many government services, such as job placement, were outsourced, with delivery handed to the private sector. The trend has continued, with services such as refugee placement being handed to private-sector companies.
But Moran now says Australians want a different direction.
In a major speech to the Victorian branch of the Institute of Public Administration Australia, Moran said new research by his thinktank highlighted a disconnect between what Canberra thought people wanted and what they actually wanted.
This was made abundantly clear by the resounding “yes” vote in the marriage equality survey, he said.
“What's clear from CPD's research is that Australians think reinvigorating our democracy is a pressing and overdue task,” he said. “And it's not just about reforms to the system and its processes. It means ensuring the best contemporary policy ideas rise to the top.”
Australians wanted a more active government and a fresh suite of policies that were not just informed by economics, he said.
Among the findings of the attitudinal research was that 73% of Australians agreed that politics was “fixated on short-term gains and not on addressing long-term challenges” and that one in three thought the main purpose of democracy was “ensuring that all people are treated fairly and equally”. This was the top response, when asked what they believed was the main purpose of a democracy.
The research also revealed that Australians were highly sceptical about outsourcing of social services.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Terry Moran with the former prime minister Julia Gillard. Photograph: Alan Porritt/AAP
“Eighty-two per cent want to see government retain skills and capability to deliver these services directly, and view government as a ‘better' provider of services on most indicators when compared to charities and businesses,” Moran said.
The survey was conducted by Essential Research, in partnership with Prof Glenn Withers from the Australian National University, and using the Source online panel, and aimed to replicate similar research that was done in 1994 and again in 2015. It was estimated to offer 95% certainty that the results were an accurate reflection of the wider population within 3 percentage points.
The research also revealed that Australians were prepared to pay more for essential services like health, schools, social service payments to the elderly and economic infrastructure because they benefited the community.
This had been a trend over the past decade but 61% of Australians were still prepared to pay more, Moran said.
The Turnbull government this week unveiled plans for unspecified tax cuts aimed at middle-income Australians before the next election to be held by May 2019. There has been no indication as to how they would be funded but it would likely require a further round of budget tightening.
“Right now, the policy pendulum is swinging away from a consensus on the primacy of light-touch regulation of markets, the unexamined benefits of outsourced service delivery, a general preference for smaller government, and a willing ignorance of public sector values and culture because they're not always compatible with efficiency as viewed by treasuries,” Moran said.
“Replacing this consensus is an increasing acceptance of a larger role for government, including involvement in service delivery, more effective regulation and bolder policy initiatives.”
Moran said it was time for the public service to “get back in the game”and that meant “investing in a public service that can think for itself, not smothering it with a dominant microeconomic paradigm that no longer works and the community no longer supports”.
Last week, Jdeal, a Jewish deal-of-the-day website modeled on Groupon, sent out an unusual discounted offer to its 25,000 subscribers. Pay $38 and “a Torah scholar will pray on your behalf at the Kotel for 40 consecutive days ($95 value),” it said. “You too can join the countless individuals who found their beshert, and improved their jobs and health after these prayers.”
It was an astonishing offer. Why farm out a personal prayer? Is a Torah scholar really more effective than the person who's looking for help from God?
Jerusalem-based Western Wall Prayers offered the deal. The organization was founded in 2004 by Batya and Gershon Burd, a couple who met shortly after Gershon prayed at the Western Wall for 40 consecutive days to find a life partner. The tradition of praying for 40 consecutive days is a long-standing one; in the Bible, Moses prayed on Mt. Sinai for 40 days to ask forgiveness for the sin of the Golden Calf. Western Wall Prayers has offered 7,000 prayers for more than 4,000 people since its inception, Batya Burd wrote in an email. As for money the organization collects, the Jdeal email had said that funds go to “charity to support Jerusalem families.” When asked how much money goes to the Torah scholars and how much to “Jerusalem families,” Burd estimated that 85 percent of the proceeds goes “directly to families of Torah-learners and rabbis and teachers,” and 15 percent to overhead.
One can imagine the appeal of the arrangement for some; it capitalizes on feelings of inadequacy that many have when it comes time to prayer and Jewish knowledge. The Western Wall Prayers site includes profiles of those that it employs as “prayer agents,” and many are affiliated with places like Yeshivas Bircas HaTorah, an Orthodox yeshiva, and Yeshivat Aderet Eliyahu, an ultra-Orthodox yeshiva. The site also employs female prayer agents, according to Batya Burd, but their pictures and biographies aren't available online. “They are wives of Rebbeum”—meaning rabbis—“and teachers and Torah scholars,” she wrote in an email. The implicit message seems to be that having these holier-than-you men and women pray at Judaism's most sacred spot will be more effective than if you prayed yourself.
The idea of a prayer proxy is not limited to the Western Wall. A group called Shemirah Bidrachim, Protection on the Road, offers a so-called insurance policy for safe travel. “For a minimal donation, close to two thousand children in our schools will recite Tehilim (Psalms) and additional special tefilos (prayers) of protection for you daily,” the website states. The money raised goes to Ashdod Mercaz Chinuch, a “very frum Orthodox, Israeli yeshiva,” according to the woman who answered the telephone of the number listed on the site. “A couple of hundred people ” have “bought” policies since the program started in 2007, she said.
SayKaddish.com is a service run by and benefiting the Lubavitch Youth Organization. For $300, rabbis in Israel will recite Kaddish and Mishna for a deceased loved one on your behalf three times daily for the first year, and then on the annual yahrtzeit. According to the director of the program, Rabbi Shlomo Friedman, the service has been in operation since 1991 and has been used by “thousands” of people. But is it in accordance with Jewish law? An article on Chabad.org says no. “The primary obligation to say Kaddish falls upon the son of the deceased. It is he who is required to recite it. … He and not someone paid to substitute for him.” I asked Rabbi Friedman about this discrepancy. “It's best when a family member says it,” he said but emphasized that paying someone else to do it is “definitely OK.”
It was once common for Jews to outsource their praying. In the 7th through the 11th centuries, the time of the Geonim, literacy was rare and prayer books rarer. Jewish law acknowledged a hierarchy of know-how in the Jewish community, and it required that prayer leaders have extensive knowledge of Bible and liturgy. It was understood that many people would not be able to read the standardized prayers themselves. But when siddurim became commonly available in the 17th and 18th centuries, and literacy became the norm, rabbinic conventions shifted the onus for prayer back on the individual. “Nowadays, when all are literate, the leader is only for liturgical poems,” the Polish rabbi Avraham Abele ben Hayyim ha-Levi Gombiner, known as the Magen Avraham, wrote in the 17th century.
In his 1981 book When Bad Things Happen to Good People, Rabbi Harold Kushner writes of a stranger calling him very late at night to ask that a prayer be said for his mother, who was having surgery the next morning. “Do I—and does the man who called me—really believe in a God who has the power to cure malignancies and influence the outcome of surgery, and will do that only if the right person recites the right words in the right language?” Kushner writes. “And will God let a person die because a stranger, praying on her behalf, got some of the words wrong?” Is my own prayer for good health less compelling to God than if the same prayer is offered by a Torah scholar at the Western Wall?
In the Berachot tractate of the Talmud, the rabbis explicate the laws of the Amidah, the central prayer in Jewish liturgy, by returning to Hannah's prayer. Hannah was a barren woman whose personal prayer for a son was answered by God, even though she looked so strange while praying that she was assumed to be drunk. Hannah's prayer was used by the rabbis to set the standards for the most important piece of liturgy in Judaism, but somewhere along the way the personal nature of her words has fallen by the wayside. It's the personal conviction, or kavannah, that we give our prayers that makes them so worthwhile and indelibly ours.
Prayer, after all, is not just about results. The Hebrew word lehitpallel, to pray, is a reflexive verb, that could more accurately be translated as “to judge oneself.” If you look to prayer as merely a way to get what you want, you'll be disappointed. If you look at it as a spiritual practice, a way to evaluate yourself and your needs, and to address God as best you can, you're more likely to derive benefit. But, still, there are no guarantees, even if you pay $38.
Tamar Fox is an associate editor at MyJewishLearning.com.
Before playing Toby Fox's RPG, it was easy to dismiss as a hype train come derailed in the same manner Five Nights At Freddy's as a series became overly hyped by its fanbase—that all fades once you immerse yourself.
What any fan of Undertale would know is that the game borrows from other beloved cult classics—Mother anyone? This isn't by accident since before Undertale Toby worked on a Halloween rom-hack of Earthbound. In fact, he even has his own “Totataka song” with “Megalovania,” a score which appears in the Earthbound rom hack, Homestuck, and as a boss theme in Undertale. Once Megalovania begins to play, you know things just got real.
For those out there who haven't played Undertale yet, no worries. This piece isn't going to be filled with heavy spoilers. Instead, this will be about what makes Undertale a memorable game and why I believe other games could learn from it.
Before we get started, I'm going to touch on the main protagonist a bit and how they differ from other heroes in your typical RPG. Gone are the “are you a boy or a girl” stereotypes at the beginning. In Undertale, you're simply the fallen child. Not much is there to discern gender as the character design is androgynous and that's how Toby Fox intended it. Whether someone wishes to call the protagonist he or she is up to the player. Personally, I prefer “Frisk.” It's much less complicated that way. Some may argue the game may be trying to push an agenda while others entertain themselves with the notion of a non-binary main character.
What's Toby Fox's official stance on Frisk's gender or any sexual undertones in Undertale? It's Skip. No, really. That was the official statement. A genderless—for lack of a better term—protagonist isn't such a bad thing in the grand scheme of things. With people making a huge fuss more than ever over gender politics, it's refreshing to have the game come first and not what's in the pants of the character you play as. Monsters in Undertale will address you with neutral pronouns such as them/they. No hidden agenda, no pandering, the main character is meant to be entirely neutral, that's all.
Something I loved and wish was featured in more games is that the act of killing actually meant something versus randomly slaughtering countless numbers of mobs with little to no consequence. In other RPGs, the formula is simple: attack things, gain EXP, level up, attack things harder. Rinse and repeat until you get to the final boss. Yeah, there is story thrown in, but the majority of your actions against the common baddie goes ignored. In Undertale, killing just a single monster determines the ending the player will get. Quite a strong contrast to feeling triumphant in mainstream RPGs where levels are absolutely vital to progress.
Such a concept of good and bad isn't new, but its implementation is another story. Depending on how you choose to do a run, you'll either be enjoying some japes with a cool skeleton or regretting everything. Just to drive the point further home, the game remembers your every action and knows if you reset because you felt bad for killing a monster you shouldn't have instead of sparing them. In a way, this makes the game feel more alive. Nothing quite like trying to reset your sins away and the game reminding you what an awful a person you are. Flowey no. Flowey please. Flowey stop.
Other genres could also benefit from this, not only RPGs. When you have violence in pure excess, it's no longer exciting anymore, taboo. Games I've grown up with have morphed from being risqué to being all out trashy. Mortal Kombat X is a perfect example of this trend. Watching pixelated blood rain from the head you're holding up was interesting at the time, but the fatalities today make the mass panic of the 90s seem like the Puppy Bowl. It's cool and all, I guess? Overachieving in technology doesn't automatically translate to overachieving in quality. Yes. I know Mortal Kombat is intended to be for shock value, but shock value can only sustain interest for so long.
What does this have to do with Undertale? Nothing and yet everything. No. I'm not going Jack Thompson or Jack Thompson lite pulling bogus statistics out of my back pocket to make bold claims. The point is mindlessly killing just isn't that interesting anymore when it comes to video game mechanics. At least not unchecked. If you slaughtered countless lives, you kind of deserve a living hell within that world—just saying. We have all of this amazing technology and yet I feel more sympathy for a pixelated skeleton named Papyrus than I do for any photo-realistic model dropping human spaghetti all over the pavement.
Simply put, games intended to be hardcore edgy end up coming off as edgelord the game. In fact, the only way to make games like Hatred even tolerable for me is to watch videos of the series getting memed on. Ah, much better. Some of you might have liked that game, but a decent chunk also spite bought it which isn't good. If I wanted to senselessly murder people, I'd play any recycled shooter's campaign. Don't take this as a jab against the shooter genre, those are fun, for multiplayer.
Moving on, Undertale's charm lays with the player being in complete control. Do you level up like any other RPG? Do you try to reach level cap to the very end? Do you breeze your way through the underworld without harming a single soul scrapping by on a whopping HP stat of 20? The choice is all yours and your actions determines the next chain of events. The boss monsters aren't another notch in your RPG belt, those monsters become your friends. You care what happens to them and their future. Or at the very least, you want to see what happens when you play passively.
Don't think you can spam spare and flee to reach the end even if your intention isn't to harm a soul. You're going to have to “fight” to make it through majority of the encounters. Why the quotes? Well, you're really doing a lot of dodging. Each monster has their own unique mini bullet hell sequence you have to clear since Undertale does away with the standard turn-based combat—no munching on Temmie flakes in between battles waiting your turn. Another layer to the combat system is the act of acting. For a pacifist run, you'll need to interact with monsters in various ways in order to spare them. Within those mini bullet hell sequences are additional mechanics, such as don't move if an attack is blue. It sounds more confusing than it really is; you'll easily get the hang of it once you play.
If I had to criticize the combat system, it would be the actual fight option itself. No flash attacks, just a basic timed event to try to land critical hits. Fair warning, do this enough times in a particular way, you're going to have a bad time. Although I promised not to give away any spoilers, I'll share a mini hint. Various items you acquire in the game can either aid a fight or even help you bypass it entirely. Not like I want to help you or anything, but it wouldn't hurt to help a spider bake sale or two. The way Undertale deals with the fighting aspect is what I believe other game studios could learn from, not necessarily make a copy and paste job of it.
What's a story driven game without the dialog? As discussed, Undertale features a unique take on the norm when it comes to RPG fighting systems, but what about personality in interacting with the world itself? Toby Fox has done a really good job of being one step ahead and I like that. Even within some boss fights exist Easter eggs if you fool around too much during a serious moment. You'll eventually get the feeling that no matter what action you take, Toby Fox is one step ahead. Beyond Toby Fox being some sort of wizard, monsters within the world will notice if you killed any prominent background characters. Made this mistake on my very first playthrough and felt awful whenever an NPC would ask “Where's Doggo?”—thanks for the guilt trip.
Throw in an awesome musical score and you have the completed package. Undertale houses some of the most memorable characters and offers a unique take on the RPG genre that even AAA studios should take note of. Is it perfect? No, but for the price of admission you really couldn't go wrong. I mean, what's 10 dollars when people tend to spend more than that on a night of fast food? Sure, other games share key features which made Undertale a joy to play through, but Toby Fox created something special with only pixels. In contrast, die hard Final Fantasy fans aren't very impressed where the franchise went in spite of the visuals being stunning since the low poly model days. As blasphemous as it may be to members of PC Master Race (or John Bain), graphics aren't everything.
With 49 hours invested, I still haven't seen all the various neutral endings. There's a flow chart and Reddit discussions ect, but the best way to experience Undertale is to go in blind. One could hope that Toby Fox will release some extra content to let us save that one monster who is unsavable or maybe offer insight of a certain skeleton shrouded in mystery. Even if some story remains a mystery, Toby Fox himself is shocked at Undertale's success.
https://twitter.com/FwugRadiation/status/677252965535768576
Three months old and over 4 million banked. Other indie devs could only dream of being the next Cave Story and Toby Fox managed to join that rank. What makes Undertale so special? One word: character. Other games share the idea of a well thought out cast, wickedly nice music score and eye pleasing visuals, but character is what leaves the lasting effect. Character with a hint of determination.
You know a cult classic in the making has been born when the lead dev is shocked their game is still talked about regularly in such high regard. As a fan, I'd love to see more of these characters, but only if Toby Fox himself wills it. The very last thing I'd want for Undertale as a potential franchise to rush any future games. Better a one hit wonder than milking the franchise for all it's worth ala Five Nights At Freddy's. No game is without fault, but there isn't much to fault Undertale on.
Will we see another “Undertale” in 2016? I hope so! With so many rushed games, incompleted works from devs hoping to capitalize on their popularity and dime a dozen simulators–having something refreshing packed with loads of humor is always welcome in my book. Gamers can be really fickle, but when you release a game that is genuinely good—let's just say it's possible for gamers that hate each to equally talk fondly over the same game.
Have you played Undertale and do you relate to what I've written? Comment below, we'd love to hear for you. Or, if you just need more Undertale, check out TechRaptor's review of the title.
Share Has a tip for us? Awesome! Shoot us an email at [email protected] and we'll take a look!
There is an economic answer: The United States has moved from a farming/manufacturing economy to a service economy, and more jobs "demand higher levels of concentration, reflection and creativity." This leads to a logistical answer: With 70 percent of office workers in cubicles or open work spaces, it's more important to create one's own cocoon of sound. That brings us to a psychological answer: There is evidence that music relaxes our muscles, improves our mood, and can even moderately reduce blood pressure, heart rate, and anxiety. What music steals in acute concentration, it returns to us in the form of good vibes.
That brings us finally to our final cultural answer: Headphones give us absolute control over our audio-environment, allowing us to privatize our public spaces. This is an important development for dense office environments in a service economy. But it also represents nothing less than a fundamental shift in humans' basic relationship to music.
A SHORT HISTORY OF PRIVATE MUSIC
In 1910, the Radio Division of the U.S. Navy received a freak letter from Salt Lake City written in purple ink on blue-and-pink paper. Whoever opened the envelope probably wasn't expecting to read the next Thomas Edison. But the invention contained within represented the apotheosis of one of Edison's more famous, and incomplete, discoveries: the creation of sound from electrical signals.
The author of the violet-ink note, an eccentric Utah tinkerer named Nathaniel Baldwin, made an astonishing claim that he had built in his kitchen a new kind of headset that could amplify sound. The military asked for a sound test. They were blown away. Naval radio officers clamored for the "comfortable, efficient headset" on the brink of World War I. And so, the modern headphone was born.
The purpose of the headphone is to concentrate a quiet and private sound in the ear of the listener. This is a radical departure from music's social purpose in history. "Music together with dance co-evolved biologically and culturally to serve as a technology of social bonding," Nils L. Wallin and Björn Merker wrote in The Origins of Music. Songs don't leave behind fossils, but evidence of musical notation dates back to at least Sumeria. In 1995, archaeologists discovered a bone flute in southern Europe estimated to be 44,000 years old.
The 20th century did a number on music technology. Radio made music transmittable. Cars made music mobile. Speakers made music big, and silicon chips made music small. But headphones might represent the most important inflection point in music history.
If music evolved as a social glue for the species -- as a way to make groups and keep them together -- headphones allow music to be enjoyed friendlessly -- as a way to savor our privacy, in heightened solitude. In the 1950s, John C. Koss invented a set of stereo headphones "designed explicitly for personal music consumption," Virginia Heffernan reported for the New York Times. "In that decade, according to Keir Keightley, a professor of media studies at the University of Western Ontario, middle-class men began shutting out their families with giant headphones and hi-fi equipment." Headphones did for music what writing and literacy did for language. They made it private.
Library of Congress
For a majority of gamers, back pain is an issue, but lumbar support isn't always the first included feature in a gaming chair that gamers look for. Gaming chairs are mainly picked and bought for they way they look. This is why Racing chairs like DXRacer have taken off.
DXRacers look cool, with cool cutouts, winged shapes, and leather finishes (see this guide on them here). If you're here, you probably know something about lumbar support and the value it can bring to a healthy back.
DXRacer chairs are one of the most popular gaming chairs bought and sold around the world–but they aren't known for their lumbar support, are they? In fact, if you read on their website the only mention of lumbar support are the pillows and a vague mention of how the DXRacer chairs are “ergonomic.”
Sure each one of their chairs comes with a “lumbar support” pillow and headrest, but does that count? I have tested the DXRacer Sentinel in my review, and while I found the general shape of the back support not bad–the included lumbar support pillow felt more like a brick than a boon for my back health.
There doesn't seem to be any other form of ergonomic adjustment in the back design. Because of this, I've seen plenty of gamers complain about the lack of lumbar support in DXRacer chairs as their primary point of contention.
In this article, we are going to discuss which gaming chairs have the best lumbar support and which chairs don't qualify. I'll also discuss what defines good lumbar support and how you can alleviate lower back pain while gaming.
Is Lumbar Support Possible in Gaming Chairs?
First, we need to define what a gaming chair is. A gaming chair could mean different things for different people. Is a gaming chair a racing-styled chair, or is it something that is just ideal for long computer gaming sessions? Is it something meant to be used by the couch, or is it something that could double as a work/office chair as well as being used for gaming?
Defining the term gaming chair can be subjective, but for me, I define the phrase gaming chair as a chair that can be used for a good gaming experience. Whether you're raiding in WoW, shooting noobs in CS: GO, or managing to get a Pentakill in League of Legends, you don't want your back to be hurting.
This doesn't mean that the chair has to look a certain way, cost a certain price, or have a certain branding. It just has to be comfortable! Having good lumbar support is almost a sure way to ensure a comfortable gaming experience.
What is Lumbar Support?
Lumbar support is the part of the chair that hits bottom / middle portion of your spine. This is a common part of your back that experiences pain since it's often unsupported by flat surfaces or concaved by improper posture enforced by cheap chairs.
The TL;DR is that humans aren't mean to sit straight up, or even horribly leaned back. We are supposed to sit more like this:
Best Gaming Chairs with Lumbar Support
Most gaming chairs out there are not going to have lumbar support. The fact of the matter is that good lumbar support will cost money, and cheap gaming chairs or budget office chairs just won't have the support that you need for your back. You can either go style and go with DXRacer and use a pillow for support or go for lumbar support and sacrifice some of that “gamer” style and get something more suitable in a modern office type setting. (I don't give two craps about what my chair looks like as long as I'm comfortable!)
Sure some chairs that are expensive have decent designs, and to be honest, I found DXRacer chairs OK for basic comfort– pleasant for most of the day. The back design–however is just straight, so they aren't very comfortable for sitting up super straight. You kind of have to lean back far and hunch–so the straight back design is more inclined, but this can make your arms stretch out too far which was my issue.
But if you're craving the best gaming chair with proper lumbar support, you are going to have to think ergonomic. When a chair has proper lumbar support, you can sit up straight and feel supported without feeling pain in your back.
Ergonomic chairs have backrests designed to be a specific shape, whereas other chairs don't have these features. They might try to mimic the design with a pillow, but when you use an ergonomic chair with lumbar support, you will see what I mean.
Chairs with lumbar support usually have a slant to them, but they also have various adjustments that you can use. You can adjust the force of the lumbar, so it either hits your back strongly with hard support, or less intrusive support. The lower back is usually fairly straight, and then the chair levels off in a curve, so it's comfortable for your back.
The Steelcase Leap has innovated in some ways, but I think the most important way it has achieved excellence is through its back support. I recommend this chair to people since most people love the chair and it's very recognizable as a good chair for lumbar support.
The Leap has crazy brilliant back design with an ergonomic slope and adjustable lumbar support that hits your back perfectly. You can sit straight and game hard, or lean back and still be supported since the seat adjusts accordingly with your back.
Pros
-One of the best back designs of ANY chair
-Super adjustable
-Known everywhere as one of the best chairs ever made
-Good chair to work in and play video games
Cons
-Some find the cushioning to be lacking or too slim
Check out our Steelcase Leap Review to see our full thoughts on the chair!
The Vertagear Gaming Series Triigger 275 is probably one of the only gaming styled chairs out there that actually functions like a proper ergonomic chair. The reason is that it has all of the ergonomic adjustments you'd need like adjustable arms, adjustable seat depth, as well as an adjustable lumbar support.
The chair is built with quality materials like steel alloy, calf skin, and mesh that will keep your experience pleasant even in hot conditions.
Pros
Cool gaming style
Unique design and functionality for a gaming chair
Decent price compared to high-end ergo chairs
Cons
Sort of like a Herman miller in comfort (could also be a pro)
#3 Office Master Chair IU79HD
If my friend hadn't given me this chair for free, I would have never heard about it. Brands like Steelcase and Herman Miller almost have monopolized the ergonomic chair space with their unique designs and intuitive adjustments, but there are still a lot of good ergonomic chairs out there that we haven't heard about.
Unfortunately, it can be a hit or miss ordering some random ergo chair from a website, but this chair is a hidden gem. Since the back height is so adjustable, you can configure the lumbar support to be perfect, and you can also adjust the tension. I find that the Office Master Chair IU79HD is perfect once I found the right adjustments I liked.
You can kind of sit in the IU79HD however you want, and the chair feels less confined and strict about how it wants you to sit in than some other chairs I've used like the Aeron and Leap. It's probably one of the most adjustable chairs on the market since you can even completely remove the arms (I have done so to play Piano and games easier).
Pros
-Great for a variety of users from tall to short, from light to heavy
-SO customization (remove armrests, adjust backrest height, back tension, incline, seat depth)
-Very comfortable cushions
Cons
-Very heavy
-Doesn't adjust as smartly as Steelcase chairs (has a slight learning curve)
While not as popular as the Steelcase Leap, the Steelcase Think is a wonderful chair with a more minimalist light-weight style. While I've never owned this chair, I try to sit in it every chance I get when I visit local retailers that sell this chair.
I think the chair looks great and sitting in it is a very intuitive experience since the chair can be adjusted in so many different ways. The pressure exerted on your back is controlled with a rotating dial and your lumbar support can be adjusted easily and accurately. I think the Think doesn't get enough credit for being one of the best gaming chairs with lumbar support.
Pros
-Chair feels slimmer and lighter than some alternatives
-Very smart adjustments for arm rests, lumbar, and back tension
-Looks very slick and it's very comfortable to sit in
-One of my favorite chairs to test out
Cons
-Some people think the Steelcase Leap is just “better.”
-Chair can feel a bit flimsy
Herman Miller's Embody chair is one of the most creatively designed chairs, and you can tell a lot of work went into the design of the chair. If Iron Man constructed a chair, it might be this chair.
The back is constructed from interlocking parts that support every part of your back–so you can be sure your lower back pain will go away and you will game like a KING. This is one of the most expensive office chairs, but a lot of popular gamers and tech leaders like MKBHD rock this chair in their setup.
Pros
-One of the fanciest options available
-Doesn't need to be adjusted (just sit in it)
-Great design
-Easy to move around in
Cons
-Not as adjustable as some chairs
Lastly, I do want to mention the Herman Miller Aeron. I used to own one, but it was the first generation which used a lumbar pad for the back which–in my opinion, was a terrible way to implement lumbar support. Since then, I guess the company has decided to shift away from this lumbar pad into a better lumbar solution that feels MUCH better.
I think the Aeron is a bit overhyped, and the Leap, Think, or IU79HD could be more traditionally comfortable, but the Aeron does have a certain “gold” posture position, and it's one of the few high-end gaming chairs I'd recommend for lumbar support that uses mesh as a material.
Keep in mind that this mesh could be good for hot weather, but its been known to be super tough and can wear down your pants or hurt your leg with it's “mesh tightness” if you sit in unconventional seating positions.
Pros
-Mesh material is good for those who sweat a lot
–Herman Miller Aeron chairs are known everywhere for lasting forever
-Great ergonomic design and adjustments
-Frequently recommended among the gaming community
Cons
-Mesh material can wear down fabrics
-Chair isn't comfortable to recline in or sit unconventionally
Summary of Best Gaming Chairs with Lumbar Support
Anytime someone wants a recommendation for gaming chair that has lumbar support; they have limited choices, and those choices and recommendations center all around high-end ergonomic chairs since they just have the best back and lumbar support.
DXRacer chairs are great for relaxing, and decent chairs overall (here's a good guide on them) but they don't have the best back support or true ergonomics.
Whether you have hurt your back, or you are tired of paying a lot of money for lacking products, these chairs in this list will serve you well for 10+ years! If you want to see a complete list of my chair journey, check out this guide here.
Jailed for more than two decades for a crime he did not commit, William Lopez's brief taste of freedom came to a sudden, tragic end Saturday when he died just days before his $124 million lawsuit for false imprisonment was set to start.
The 55-year-old Bronx man had finally been freed in January 2013, after 23 years behind bars for murder, but a massive asthma attack ended Lopez's short post-prison life at about 1 a.m. Saturday, his friend told The Post.
Supporters said his unexpected demise denied him the justice he deserved.
“He was always looking forward to being compensated,” said his friend and advocateJeffrey Deskovic, whose foundation worked to free Lopez from prison.
“His life was really robbed from him.”
Lopez had hoped whatever money he got from the suit would help him enjoy a few of the comforts he was denied in prison.
“He wanted to do some domestic travel to other states, and to travel internationally,” Deskovic said. “He wanted to go to college and to go to law school. He wanted to set his wife up in business, and he wanted to be an entrepreneur.”
“It feels great to be back on Earth,'' Lopez said after his release. “I'm looking forward to restoring my life as best as I can.''
Lopez was convicted on flimsy evidence for the 1989 shotgun killing of a suspected drug dealer named Elvirn Surria in a Brighton Beach drug den.
The case against him was very weak. One witness gave a description that did not match Lopez's profile. The other had just finished a crack binge when the murder took place, and later recanted.
“In short, the prosecution's evidence was flimsy to begin with and has since been reduced to rubble,” federal Judge Nicholas Garaufis wrote before releasing Lopez.
Lawyers and legal staff from the Jeffrey Deskovic Foundation worked for years to free Lopez. Deskovic founded the organization after he was wrongfully convicted of rape and murder but later exonerated.
New DA Kenneth Thompson dropped the appeal by his predecessor, Charles “Joe” Hynes.
In the 20 months of freedom he had after his release, he found some measure of happiness, spending time with his wife, Alice, and rediscovering simple pleasures, such as watching football with friends on Sundays.
Lopez was also trying to rebuild his relationship with his daughter Crystal, who was just 14 months old when Lopez went to prison.
But he struggled financially, and got by, in part, on the generosity of friends. He was demanding $124 million from the city in his federal civil suit, which was supposed to start in Brooklyn on Tuesday.
Lopez's wife, Alice — who married him while he was in prison — was by his side when he died.
“My brother Bill was greatly bothered by the fact that his life was dramatically impacted by being wrongfully convicted, as well as his knowledge that many other wrongful convictions have taken place without any changes in the system,” said Lopez's brother Eugene.
A Detroit family is demanding answers after their 9-year-old daughter died within hours of having a tonsillectomy— the third most common childhood procedure in the United States, with 530,000 operations performed per year.
The Detroit News reported that Sonia Gambrell plans to sue Detroit Medical Center, which owns Children's Hospital of Michigan, where her daughter Anyialah Greer underwent the surgery on Dec. 8 prior to suffering cardiac arrest.
Fox 2 Detroit reported that Gambrell had put off the sugery for years due to nerves, but doctors said removing Anyialah's tonsils would remedy her snoring problem. The procedure, which doctors assured Gambrell was medically necessary, was supposed to take 40 minutes but took two hours instead.
After being discharged, Anyialah drifted in and out of sleep, and Gambrell said she knew her little girl didn't feel well, the news station reported.
"She wasn't ready to leave yet,” Gambrell told Fox 2 Detroit. “I felt like we were brushed off. She left too soon.”
Within a few hours of the surgery, Anyialah was dead.
Medical reports suggest an obstructed airway, an undetected heart condition, or anesthesia complications may have left Anyialah at risk, the Detroit News reported.
Gambrell alleges the ear, nose and throat specialist who performed the surgery, Dr. Bianca Siegel, wrongfully discharged her daughter because she was not in stable condition post-surgery.
“What was the anesthesiologist doing? What happened in the OR? What did the nurses know?” James J. Harrington IV, a partner with Fieger Law of Southfield who specializes in medical malpractice, whom the family hired for representation, told the Detroit News. “As far as I'm concerned, every single person who looked at this kid has to answer questions. I am furious about this.”
Gambrell, meanwhile, told the Detroit News she wishes she had kissed her daughter before she went into the operating room.
“I still feel like I'm dreaming,” she told the news website. “Like, ‘Where is my daughter?' Someone is going to come up and tell me it's all over. That this was a mistake. She can't die from something they do every day.”
According to Fox 2 Detroit, representatives from the Children's Hospital expressed their condolences in a statement.
“We were deeply saddened to hear of the passing of Anyialah,” the statement reads. “We take the care and service we provide to our patients very seriously and we are here to support the family during this difficult time."
Autopsy results are not expected for several weeks.
It was time for the 2017 Crossfit Open to repeat a workout. We all knew it was coming at some point, and luckily this is a good workout to repeat because it tests many areas of fitness including: endurance, strength, and pacing. Keep reading to find out the 3 keys to optimizing your performance and crushing your previous results
This workout is all about fatigue management and smart pacing. As you can see, a lot of the movements are back intensive, namely the deadlifts and the rows. This WOD really only hammers two different body parts, shoulders, and posterior chain with other muscle groups providing support to those prime movers. Before we go further into our analysis, take a look at 17.4 itself.
Deadlift
These are the first big challenge of the WOD, and they are also the first big trap. You will feel fresh, and want to do big sets of these deadlifts. This is a great way to crash and burn. Don't do big sets. If Brooke Wells isn't taking huge sets then you shouldn't either. Check out the following set break down
Example 9 Sets: 10, 8, 7, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5
Example 6 Sets: 15, 12, 10, 8, 5, 5,
Most folks will find they do better with the 9 sets version. The 6 sets are for those that are very good at deadlifting, and have good fatigue resistance. I don't really think there is much of a time differential between the two, provided that you don't take massive breaks in the 9 set example.
Wallball
This is a very high power output movement that places a huge load on the shoulders to both throw, and hold the weight. This movement is also a big time mental challenge. Physically you can almost always do a few more throws, but do you actually do them?
I would recommend that you throw the ball in 5×11 sets and reps. This isn't too many reps for most folks, and it will allow you to get into a nice rhythm without jacking your heart rate up too much. That's going to be important, because the row is going to be straight murder on your cardiovascular system.
Row
The row is the one piece of this WOD that favors the heavier athlete. One of the best mental tricks for rowing is to count your rows in sets of 10. When I first get on the rower, I give 10 big strokes to get the wheel moving, and then try to maintain that kind of effort for about 4 more sets of 10.
At that point, you are probably pretty close to the end, and you can start to push the redline a little bit. Remember, you can cash out on the row because those muscles aren't used in the handstand push up. So really give it a big effort. You won't be coming back to the row. This also has the benefit of giving you some extra time for those difficult handstand push ups.
Handstand Push Ups
These are going to be the most difficult portion of the WOD. You are already very tired, and you are required to fully extend this movement each rep. To be honest, most of us don't extend this much while practicing, and as a result it makes this variation of the HSPU very difficult.
I recommend very small sets of 2 and 3. It will also benefit you to move your hands as close together as you can, and move as close to the wall as you feel comfortable. This will lessen the requirement to hyper extend at the top of the movement. A big kip can help, but don't be afraid to do them strict if you've got the shoulder strength. This section is all about quality reps, not banging out a bunch of no reps. Not that I did that last year or anything.
The 3 Keys to Optimum Performance
I think a good goal for the vast majority of us will be to get to the hand stand push ups. For advanced crossfitters, they should aim to complete 15 or more handstand push ups. Remember, this WOD is all about getting to the handstand push ups with enough time get your quality reps.
Your first key is to keep your sets smaller on the deadlifts, regardless of how good you feel.
The second key is to push the row as much as you are able
The third key is to to be aggressive with your pacing and measured with the handstand push ups
If you successfully execute this plan, I'm confident that you will crush last years score.
If you like this article and want to get more sent straight to you as soon as they are published, go ahead and put your email in the box to subscribe to our newsletter. You really should, otherwise I'll just assume that you don't like Chuck Norris, and that's dangerous to your health.
Donald Trump did not like getting humiliated by Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz in the last debate in Houston, and you know how we know that he knows he got humiliated? Because he's doing what glass-jawed bullies always do when you hit them back – whining like a baby and threatening to run away like a coward:
Trump on Friday night hinted he had thought about skipping another GOP debate, as he lamented the events as “a terrible waste of time.” “Aren't these debates ridiculous, though?” Trump asked supporters at a rally in Oklahoma City, according to Business Insider. “How about if I don't do the next debate? Yes?” he added, before quickly deciding: “Ah, no, I'll do it.” The billionaire businessman said debates are repetitive and predictable. “How many times can you say the same thing over and over? I can give you the answers of the governor, the two senators,” he said. “I can give you every single answer. I can also say Ben [Carson] will complain about not being asked a question. And he's right! It's not fair.”
Trump ran away once before, at the Iowa debate, because he was scared of Megyn Kelly – or perhaps just put out that a smart, attractive woman was neither intimidated nor wowed by him. Now, he gets his head handed to him by two sons-of-Hispanic-immigrant Senators who had the effrontery to not inherit $200 million, and he whimpers about “unfair” and talks about running away again.
Remind me why anyone even pretends to think this guy could stand up to Hillary Clinton? Marco Rubio didn't give up when he had one bad debate. Reagan in '84 and George W. Bush in 2004 didn't give up when they had one bad debate. Even Barack Obama in 2012 didn't give up when he had one bad debate. But Trump is made of more delicate stuff. He couldn't even say no to Hillary when she asked him for donations, because he was too frightened to take the Koch brothers' path of standing up to public vilification for putting their money where their principles are. Trump may have a few right-wing instincts to go with his lifelong social liberalism and love of big government, but he has the backbone of a jellyfish.
Category: Wheel of the Year Hits: 2134
Yule Chant
Brightly burns the Yule log tonight
Magic dances in firelight
Hold my hand and join the song
Raise the Sun King bright and strong
Dark is giving way to light
As brightly burns the Yule log tonight!
---Akasha
Twas the Night Before Yuletide
Twas the night before Yuletide and all through the glen
Not a creature was stirring, not a fox, not a hen.
A mantle of snow shone brightly that night
As it lay on the ground, reflecting moonlight.
The faeries were nestled all snug in their trees,
Unmindful of flurries and a chilly north breeze.
The elves and the gnomes were down in their burrows,
Sleeping like babes in their soft earthen furrows.
When low! the earth moved with a thunderous quake,
Causing chairs to fall over and dishes to break.
The Little Folk scrambled to get on their feet
Then raced to the river where they usually meet.
“What happened?” they wondered, they questioned, they probed,
As they shivered in night clothes, some bare-armed, some robed.
“What caused the earth's shudder? What caused her to shiver?”
They all spoke at once as they stood by the river.
Then what to their wondering eyes should appear
But a shining gold light in the shape of a sphere.
It blinked and it twinkled, it winked like an eye,
Then it flew straight up and was lost in the sky.
Before they could murmur, before they could bustle,
There emerged from the crowd, with a swish and a rustle,
A stately old crone with her hand on a cane,
Resplendent in green with a flowing white mane.
As she passed by them the old crone's perfume,
Smelling of meadows and flowers abloom,
Made each of the fey folk think of the spring
When the earth wakes from slumber and the birds start to sing.
“My name is Gaia,” the old crone proclaimed
in a voice that at once was both wild and tamed,
“I've come to remind you, for you seem to forget,
that Yule is the time of re-birth, and yet…”
“I see no hearth fires, hear no music, no bells,
The air isn't filled with fragrant smells
Of baking and roasting, and simmering stews,
Of cider that's mulled or other hot brews.”
“There aren't any children at play in the snow,
Or houses lit up by candles' glow.
Have you forgotten, my children, the fun
Of celebrating the rebirth of the sun?”
She looked at the fey folk, her eyes going round,
As they shuffled their feet and stared at the ground.
Then she smiled the smile that brings light to the day,
“Come, my children,” she said, “Let's play.”
They gathered the mistletoe, gathered the holly,
Threw off the drab and drew on the jolly.
They lit a big bonfire, and they danced and they sang.
They brought out the bells and clapped when they rang.
They strung lights on the trees, and bows, oh so merry,
In colors of cranberry, bayberry, cherry.
They built giant snowmen and adorned them with hats,
Then surrounded them with snow birds, and snow cats and bats.
Then just before dawn, at the end of their fest,
Before they went homeward to seek out their rest,
The fey folk they gathered ‘round their favorite oak tree
And welcomed the sun ‘neath the tree's finery.
They were just reaching home when suddenly it came,
The gold light returned like an arrow-shot flame.
It lit on the tree top where they could see from afar
The golden-like sphere turned into a star.
The old crone just smiled at the beautiful sight,
"Happy Yuletide, my children," she whispered. "Good night."
Source Here
© 2010-2019 crystalwind.ca. All rights reserved.
There are few people in this country who have as much experience in negotiating international trade deals as Miriam Gonzalez Durantez. In her Made in Spain book published last year, she drops casually into a recipe that she came across guacamole when she helped to negotiate the EU-Mexico trade agreement.
She's written in the Guardian about the many dangerous mistakes that the Government is making in its approach to the EU negotiations.
She has some scary observations about who is influencing these proceedings:
British business leaders were asked to share the table with the Legatum Institute, a thinktank with unparalleled access to Davis and Theresa May and that seems to have been at the origin of some of the preposterous positions on Brexit taken by the government so far. Its inexplicable presence at that table was the clearest signal that the government has not changed its views on Brexit after the general election even one tiny little bit. The institute has established a special commission on trade that consists of more than 20 people with different “trade” backgrounds. It is run by a British American director. The Legatum member who has just been nominated the UK's new chief trade negotiation adviser is a New Zealander. The funding of the institute comes from a foundation that is part of a Dubai-based private investment group. So much for the UK “taking back control”.
The Government invited 33 business leaders to a discussion with this organisation recently. She goes on to show how this institute may have influenced the Government's comments on things like “frictionless” access to the single market.
Miriam goes on to describe exactly why such an approach is completely unrealistic:
The institute also seems to be behind Davis's recurrent claim that the UK will have “frictionless” access to the single market even if it is not part of it – an embarrassing comment that brings despair to Europeans, as the single market is a system of rules based on trust and a single legal order, and therefore accessible only to those who are part of it. When the EU negotiator Michel Barnier says that “some in Britain still do not understand”, he seems to be referring among others to how Davis still has not understood this. The main idea of the institute, though, seems to be the creation of a “prosperity zone” between the UK, Australia, New Zealand and Singapore, eventually extended to the US, Canada and Mexico, if the North American Free Trade Agreement renegotiations succeed. This is actually an old idea, originally floated by Mitt Romney in 2008. It obviously did not work then, and it will not work now. One does not need to have a Nobel Prize in trade economics to realise that, even with the US and Canada included (which is very unlikely indeed) this can hardly compensate for all the trade that the UK will lose by stepping out of the EU.
So, what is the alternative? Miriam suggests listening to the business leaders themselves and doing what is in their interests:
This can be done by placing the UK into the European Economic Area on a temporary basis, and/or looking for an ad hoc arrangement extending the current status quo. Neither the extreme Brexiteers nor the extreme remainers like this option, but it is the only sensible thing to do right now. It allows the UK government to win time. And time is what the government needs – to get the skills it misses, to draft proposals it has not even started to draft yet and to negotiate with the serenity that the high economic interests at stake deserve. An interim deal is the only way to deal with the ticking clock Michael Barnier hears because, as any trade negotiator knows, there is nothing worse than negotiating against time. Except for negotiating against time in pursuit of delusional and unrealistic ambitions.
You can read the whole article here.
* Newshound: bringing you the best Lib Dem commentary published in print or online.
A team of archaeologists and restorers were dispatched on Monday to the Giza Plateau to inspect work achieved at Khufu's second boat project, and to investigate the condition of a damaged beam.
Since 2010, a Japanese-Egyptian team has been working to lift, restore and reconstruct the ancient boat, 4,500 years after it was buried as part of King Khufu's funeral rites.
So far, 745 pieces of the 1,264 pieces of the whole boat have been removed from the excavation pit.
Ayman Ashmawi, the head of the Ancient Egyptian Department at the Ministry of Antiquities, told Ahram Online that the boat beam was damaged by accident when a crane malfunctioned, leading it to come into direct contact with a beam within the pit.
"A very small part of the beam was subjected to a very mild deterioration which does not have any impact on the beam itself and could be easily restored during the restoration work carried out by the efficient and skillful Japanese-Egyptian team," Ashmawi asserted, adding that his observation and the team escorted him during his inspection tour confirm the report submitted by the project team.
Ashmawi told Ahram Online that a committee from the Projects Department at the ministry is to be assigned to re-inspect the beam in order to make another report. He also said that the whole case is now under an administrative investigation in order to find out if there was any employee failure related to the incident.
Eissa Zidan, director-general of first aid restoration at the project, explained that the pit houses around 1,264 wooden beams in 13 different layers. The majority of the beams are in a very bad conservation condition while a minority are almost fully decomposed.
A total of 732 excavated pieces have so far been restored, Zidan said, and a collection of 560 pieces have been transported to the Grand Egyptian Museum overlooking Giza plateau.
There are plans to lift and restore all the beams in an attempt to reconstruct the boat and put it on display beside the first boat discovered in 1954 by Egyptian historian Kamal El-Malakh and restored by well-known restorer Ahmed Youssef.
Short link:
SASKATOON, SK – The Saskatoon Blades gave their fans ample reason to celebrate as they downed the Halifax Mooseheads 5-2 in round robin action on Sunday at Credit Union Centre at the 2013 MasterCard Memorial Cup tournament in Saskatoon, SK.
The Blades put forth one of their finest efforts of the season to beat Halifax, the Canadian Hockey League's top-ranked team and losers of just 11 games all season including the playoffs. Their tenacious checking, tireless work ethic and strong goaltending from Andrey Makarov helped the Blades shut down the CHL's top offensive Club, while the efforts from their veteran leaders got them the goals they needed to claim their first win of the tournament.
Matej Stransky scored twice while Collin Valcourt, Darren Dietz and Josh Nicholls also counted for the Blades, who came up with their best effort when it mattered most.
“I thought we executed our game plan really well,” said Michael Ferland, whose truculent play helped the Blades throw the Mooseheads off their game. “Everyone in our room knew how important this win would be for us, and now we can move forward.”
The Blades knew if they were to have a chance at knocking off the Mooseheads, they would need a great performance from goaltender Andrey Makarov. The Buffalo Sabres prospect was excellent for them, particularly in the second period where he made several key saves while the Mooseheads worked their power play, and in the third period when Halifax turned up their intensity in an effort to rally back.
“He's been wonderful for us,” said Ferland. “I don't know how he's doing it, but hopefully he can keep it up.”
As they did in their opening game versus London, the Blades got on the board first with Matej Stransky netting his first of the tournament 12:11 into the first period. The big winger jammed the puck past Zachary Furcale after a centering pass from Shane McColgan. Stransky's goal made the already boisterous crowd even louder. It was one of three goals scored from right in front of Furcale.
“It was a battle out there,” said Blades' head coach and general manager Lorne Molleken. “We just played to our strengths. We have a group that is willing to work in the tough areas, and we got two or three goals from right in front of the net with second and third efforts.
“That's the way we need to score goals against these teams,” he said.
A skilled team that likes to have the puck and move the puck quickly, the Mooseheads were unable to find the time and space they enjoyed in a much more wide-open victory over Portland on Saturday.
“They wanted it more than us,” said Mooseheads' defenceman Trey Lewis. “They came out and they were physical on us. We expected it, but we didn't respond the way we needed to.”
“They played with more energy than us, and more desperation,” said Halifax head coach Dominique Ducharme. “They maybe felt they had their backs to the wall, and you have to give them credit…they battled hard.”
Stransky put the Blades up by a pair with just 1:15 to play in the second period, beating Furcale on a breakaway after coming out of the penalty box.
Even with the delay caused by a displaced pane of glass to start the third period, the Blades managed to keep up the momentum they gained from their end to the second period, and were rewarded early. Collin Valcourt put the Blades up by three, poking the puck across the goal line after it squeezed out from under Furcale's pads in a goalmouth scramble.
Things kept working for the Blades, and they potted their fourth goal of the night just moments later with Darren Dietz whacking in a rebound from in close in another scramble in front of Furcale.
Halifax finally got on the board 6:48 into the third period as Stephen MacAuley beat Makarov after the puck came out to him in the slot and he roofed it with a quick snap shot.
Nathan MacKinnon pulled the Mooseheads within two goals just 1:31 later. The 17-year-old found himself with the puck in front of the net and made a nice shot high over Makarov's shoulder.
However, that's as close as the Mooseheads would get as Nicholls put the game away with a late empty net marker.
Both the Blades and Mooseheads now own 1-1 record through round robin play at the tournament.
Round robin play at the 2013 MasterCard Memorial Cup continues on Monday with the OHL Champion London Knights taking on the WHL Champion Portland Winterhawks.
Game Summary
——————————————————
Full disclosure: I'm a 25 year old guy, and I tend to disagree with Anita Sarkeesian on pretty much everything. It's entirely possible that I am completely off the mark in this post and I should lock myself in a room with a hungry lion.
I also don't write much and am a total snark. You have been warned.
So, I finished Jessica Jones today. While it had its issues, it was certainly an enjoyable series. And I found myself thinking:
“This is a piece of modern media featuring a female protagonist and major female supporting characters. What does Anita Sarkeesian think?”
I didn't have to look far to find out, as she'd posted her thoughts on the subject just last week. I'll go through the parts I found interesting. The remainder of this post is addressed directly to Anita Sarkeesian.
Hi Anita! I'm reading your post. Let's talk about it. Apologies in advance for my brash and snarky demeanor.
The new Netflix series Jessica Jones has so much potential, and I watched it in the hopes that it might deliver on that. Unfortunately, the show reminded me of something I learned through a series of failed relationships in my 20s: on its own, potential doesn't mean much of anything.
All righty.
What were your problems with it?
Of course, we need stories about survivors, models of women (and men) who do the heroic work of putting one foot in front of the other and trying to heal after suffering traumatic experiences. But too often, a history of abuse is used as part of a female hero's origin story, part of what gives them their strength.
Hmm.
I don't think it's inherently bad to have that kind of origin story. Could be an overused trope, but I'm not sure. Still, I don't find myself disagreeing entirely with you, Anita. Tell me more.
…the show shuns the opportunity to depict something akin to a genuine attempt at recovery in favor of portraying Jones as being above such things. A support group is formed for people who have been violated by the villain, Kilgrave, but Jessica never participates. In reality, many people who have been traumatized carry around a tremendous amount of shame and do avoid opportunities for help and support. However, having the show's hero be the one character who doesn't ask for help suggests that it's stronger and braver not to seek help, when it's actually just the opposite.
Damn. I jinxed it.
So, Anita, here's what you basically just said. Keep in mind, I'm paraphrasing:
When the show's protagonist makes bad decisions, it gives the impression that those decisions are actually good decisions.
By your logic, I could argue that Iron Man 2 suggests it's good to use military exoskeletons while batshit drunk. But I won't argue that, because the point of a protagonist is not to make the best possible choice in every situation and ignore their history, emotions, or thought process.
Point being: the notion that the show idealizes Jessica's behavior is nothing short of ludicrous. In fact, the show goes out of its way to acknowledge and demonstrate Jessica's flaws (and emphasize that they are flaws). That's part of what makes the character so engaging. While her heart is in the right place, she makes poor decisions, suffers from PTSD, and has major issues with trust and emotional connections. Kind of how an actual trauma victim might end up.
TL;DR: Jessica Jones is not "above” getting help. She is handling her feelings poorly.
So, I hope you can see why you were just…wrong, on that point.
Let's see…
Further undermining the show's handling of trauma recovery is the fact that the support group of Kilgrave survivors is easily whipped up into an angry mob misguidedly seeking revenge against Jessica…this sacrificing of character development to ratchet up the tension in ways that feel implausible and manipulative repeats throughout Jessica Jones. The character of Simpson veers unbelievably from seemingly sweet, trustworthy guy to murderous psychopath.
Yeah, I'll give you this one.
Simpson's extremely wooden actor notwithstanding, the whole angry mob thing did seem rather out of place. Fortunately, it wasn't so bad that it ruined my suspension of disbelief. Though the show is certainly guilty of crossing that line elsewhere –– like when Simpson throws Jessica through a brick wall but can't break down a wooden bathroom door –– I chose to overlook that particular event. But it's understandably distracting.
Hey, we agreed on something. Let's try for more.
It's understandable that Jones would have trouble trusting anyone; the way she was treated by Kilgrave is nothing short of horrifying. And in the all too rare moments when Jessica Jones shows Kilgrave using his powers of mind control to peel back people's psychological defenses and hit them at their most vulnerable, it's frightening to observe, in part because it's such a clear reflection of actual psychological manipulation and abuse.
Yep, I hear you…keep going…
Perhaps the most frightening aspect of Kilgrave is that he actually believes his own sick rationalizations; he believes that on some level, Jessica wanted what he did to her…his delusion that she had consented when in reality she had no ability to do so is frighteningly similar to the tales of rapists who don't believe that their sexual encounters constitute assault and abuse.
I agree!
One-hundred percent! Can we agree for the rest of your post?
…the show is self-indulgent in depicting [Kilgrave's] sadistic manipulation of victim after victim. Initially, some of these serves to establish Kilgrave's villainy and the extent of his powers, but it quickly becomes too much. These displays of Kilgrave's power ultimately lose whatever horrifying impact they may have had at first and become sensationalized as the show keeps trying to raise the stakes and outdo what it has done before. They become something we're meant to look forward to with grim anticipation. What gruesome and horrifying thing is Kilgrave going to force someone to do next? He makes people do things like toss hot coffee in their own faces or impale themselves on large gardening shears. Yes, this encourages us to hate him, but as a being of pure evil rather than as someone we can understand in human terms…being able to write off such people as purely, intrinsically evil doesn't get us anywhere.
CURSES. SO CLOSE.
Did you forget what you'd just written? The part I agreed with? About Kilgrave having rationalizations, delusions, and all that? He's definitely not pure evil, nor is he portrayed as such.
To be clear: he's unnecessarily cruel, even for a psychopath, but he doesn't commit random acts of depravity for the fun of it. In fact, his most horrible acts are either in retaliation for being wronged (in his mind) or a simple means to an end. This behavior plays less like a complete monster and more like a young child.
In fact, psychologically, he's the very definition of a child. I looked up the TV Tropes page while writing this post, and found this gem:
Although he puts on an act of sophistication, Kilgrave has a hair-trigger temper and almost no self-control to speak of. He has a tendency to overreact to any slight or insult and resent not getting his way, which he views as his just due. Towards the end of the season it is revealed that he gained his powers when he was a child and never had to leave the juvenile fantasy world.
Nailed it.
Kilgrave's attitude is that of a child because he never had to grow up.
He knows exactly what he wants, he has to have it, and he throws tantrums when things aren't going how he wants.
Anyways. What were your words, exactly?
These displays of Kilgrave's power…become sensationalized as the show keeps trying to raise the stakes and outdo what it has done before…this encourages us to hate him, but as a being of pure evil rather than as someone we can understand in human terms…being able to write off such people as purely, intrinsically evil doesn't get us anywhere.
Maybe you don't actually think those things. Maybe you're only criticizing the potential effects of this portrayal. And maybe you forgot what you wrote about him a few paragraphs ago. But for somebody to come across as purely, intrinsically evil, they need to enjoy hurting people for no other reason than it's causing pain and misery to someone. Just someone. By contrast, Kilgrave (usually) only hurts people because he personally stands to benefit or wants to see that particular person suffer.
Our ability to relate to why he's doing these things is what sets his more extreme actions apart from the scenes of a torture porn film. He's not pure evil, just immature, and as Jessica pushes him further, the scale of his reaction increases horribly — but still plausibly and understandably. Never does it become “sensationalized” violence for its own sake.
TL;DR: Kilgrave is a cruel, selfish, murderous, psychopathic manchild. But he is not evil incarnate, and viewing him as such is a gross oversimplification of his character.
Let me close this on a note that only bears some relation to what came first.
Anita, I have no problem with you personally.
You're a brilliant businesswoman. I respect and support your goal of ensuring positive female representation in media. It's something we need more of, for sure. I just disagree with…well, just about everything you say.
And you know what?
That's all right.
Criticism does not mean “fuck you and everything you stand for.”
At least, not necessarily.
More often, it really means, “Hey, let's start a discussion so that I can understand your position better,” and so rarely does that happen. Hopefully we both understand each other better.
Assuming you're even reading this, of course.
One of the most notable newsreel films in existence – footage showing the assassination of King Alexander of Yugoslavia on 9th October, 1934. While the exact moment of shooting was not captured on film, the events leading to the assassination and the immediate aftermath were. The body of the chauffeur (who had been killed instantly) became jammed against the brakes of the car, allowing the cameraman to continue filming from within inches of the King for a number of minutes afterwards. The film was later revealed to have been manipulated slightly in order to give the audience the impression that the assassination had been captured on film. Three identical gunshot sounds were added to the film afterwards, when in reality Chernozemski shot over ten times, killing or wounding a total of 15 people. The exact moment of assassination was never filmed.
On Tuesday 9 October 1934 the King Alexander arrived in Marseilles to start a state visit to the Third French Republic, to strengthen the two countries' alliance in the Little Entente. While Alexander was being driven in a car through the streets along with French Foreign Minister Louis Barthou, a gunman, Vlado Chernozemski, stepped from the street and shot the King and the chauffeur. Alexander died instantly, slumped backwards in the car seat, eyes open. Barthou was wounded in the arm but died later due to inadequate medical treatment. The assassin, Vlado Chernozemski, was a Bulgarian, member of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO) and an experienced marksman. Immediately after assassinating King Alexander, he was cut down by the sword of a mounted French policeman, and then beaten by the crowd. By the time he was removed from the scene, he was already dead. (Wikipedia)
A Delaware County student is in a medically induced coma, weeks after a fight at school.
In an exclusive interview with Action News, the 11-year-old's father said it was all because of a bully.
From a schoolyard fight at Darby Township School to a medically induced coma, police are trying to figure out exactly what happened to 6th grader Bailey O'Neill.
"I want to hear his voice, his mother wants to hear his voice," Bailey's father Rob O'Neill said.
Rob says four weeks ago his 11-year-old son was being bullied by a couple of kids when one hit him in the face several times fracturing his nose.
He was also knocked down, causing a concussion.
Bailey's parents had him checked out at the hospital, but something still wasn't right.
"He was sleeping. He was moody. He wasn't himself. He was angry a little bit. He wasn't really eating," O'Neill said.
A few days later, Bailey took a turn for the worse and started having violent seizures.
Doctors at A.I. duPont Hospital for Children were forced to put Bailey into a medically induced coma almost two weeks ago.
"Every day I'm trying to stay strong for him, but when you get into that hospital room and you're looking at him, I would trade places in a heartbeat. It's my buddy, you know," O'Neill said.
Bailey is an honor student, an athlete, and a big brother.
Action News contacted Southeast Delco School District Superintendent Stephen Butz who told us the district asked Darby Township police to investigate.
The statement read:
"We have requested that the local police assist us in the investigation of this incident and are fully cooperating with their investigation of this incident. We are very concerned about the medical condition of this student. And our thoughts and prayers are with him. Due to the age of the students involved and the ongoing police investigation, I am unable to make any additional comments."
The district wouldn't comment about the other student, but Rob O'Neill says he was told the boy was suspended for two days.
Police haven't filed any charges in the ongoing investigation.
O'Neill says that's not enough and he has advice for other parents when it comes to bullying.
"Keep an eye out for it, it's something that's very serious. Sometimes kids are afraid to tell their parents that they're being bullied because of the embarrassment," O'Neill said.
John McCain and Lindsey Graham's bipartisan push to create a special committee to investigate Russia's election-season hacking and other cybersecurity threats received a potential boost Monday as a third GOP senator announced legislation to make their idea a reality.
Sen. Cory Gardner (R-Colo.) told POLITICO he would introduce a bill that, if passed, would mandate a new select Senate committee on cybersecurity. The move could intensify pressure on Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), who so far has resisted appointing a select committee on cybersecurity. He insists the chamber's traditional committees, led by the intelligence panel, should handle the issue.
Story Continued Below
Gardner's move came a day after GOP Sens. McCain (R-Ariz.) and Graham (R-S.C.), along with incoming Democratic leader Chuck Schumer of New York and Sen. Jack Reed (D-R.I.), called for a special panel in a bipartisan letter to McConnell. It's unclear, however, how extensive GOP support will be for a select committee, since any Republicans who get behind the proposal will be implicitly siding with the Democratic Senate leader instead of their own.
Though Gardner previously has called for a special cybersecurity committee — his pleas to do so predated the spate of recent attention on Russia's interference in the presidential election by more than a year — the plan to introduce legislation mandating it is new. It adds a fresh wrinkle to an issue that's dividing the Senate Republican Conference.
Gardner, who is close with McConnell, took pains to cast his proposal as far broader than the Russian hacking of U.S. election officials. His hope is to introduce the bill with bipartisan cosponsors early next year.
"From North Korea's hack of Sony Pictures to Iran's attack on a New York dam, it's evident that we are facing a growing cybersecurity challenge. The nature and complexity of recent cyber-attacks require a whole of government approach to cyberspace and the development of federal policy to mitigate the threat and protect everything from personal information to the security of our critical infrastructure," Gardner said in a statement.
The biggest advocates for a select committee are executing a full-court pressure campaign. Graham and Schumer, on the heels of their weekend missive, planned to appear together Tuesday on NBC's “Today Show” on the latest in their bipartisan push, a Republican aide said.
While taking on their own leaders is nothing new for Graham and McCain, it's a tougher call for other Republicans, especially because of Schumer's involvement. Gardner's long-running support for the idea makes his bill less an act of defiance.
Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) said in an interview Tuesday that he could see the merits of a select committee to avoid duplicating work, but was not "not yet" decided on how he would vote if it came up in the Senate.
"It's a very serious problem and if it can't be handled efficiently by standing committees, then there should be a select committee. But I'm not prepared to say that I would vote for a select committee," Grassley said. "It would not be efficient to have the same people appearing six times before three committees in the House and the Senate."
So far, most other Republicans aren't ready to join McCain and Graham. POLITICO contacted the offices of more than a dozen GOP lawmakers on Monday, and none endorsed the notion of a new committee. The Senate Intelligence, Foreign Relations and Armed Services panels are all investigating the matter independently.
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), a hawk on Russia policy, and Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), an ally of McCain, believe the existing structure is the best way to probe interference in the election, spokesmen for the lawmakers said.
“Sen. Flake believes that the Senate's standing committees are capable of handling the investigation,” a spokesman for Flake said.
Ditto Sen. Susan Collins of Maine, the famously moderate GOP senator. She is sticking with McConnell's contention that North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr's Intelligence Committee is the best place for a congressional investigation into Russia and cyber-warfare. She said Monday that the Intelligence Committee on which she serves will be able to move more nimbly than a new panel.
“If we were to create a cyber select committee, it would be months before the committee could even begin its investigation. Members would need to be appointed and expert staff with security clearances would need to be hired, greatly and harmfully prolonging our ability to achieve an objective accounting,” Collins said in a statement.
On Monday evening in an interview with KET, McConnell rejected the latest bipartisan overtures for a special panel on cybersecurity. He vowed to get to "the bottom" of the hacking but said a select committee is essentially redundant given the expertise already on the Intelligence Committee.
"It's a serious issue, but it doesn't require a select committee," McConnell said. "We already have a committee set up to do this."
But McCain, in an appearance on CNN on Sunday, argued the opposite. He said that the “serious business” of Vladimir Putin's influence on American politics requires a coordinated and focused approach that overlapping committees cannot achieve. As Armed Services chairman, McCain is launching his own probe with Graham, while Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) is heading up a third investigation on the Foreign Relations Committee.
“The responsibilities for cyber [are] spread over about four different committees in the Senate. And each doing their own thing, frankly, is not going to be the most efficient way of arriving at a conclusion,” McCain said on Sunday.
Last week, Burr's committee introduced a detailed plan for an investigation into the Russian hacking, which was promptly endorsed by Collins and Sen. Angus King (I-Maine). Burr's panel often operates behind closed doors, creating less transparency in the view of many Democrats who believe Donald Trump won, in part, because of Russian influence.
Gardner's plan would give top Republicans and Democrats on panels with current oversight over cybersecurity prominent roles on the select committees, sources familiar with the proposal said. The bill would seek to avoid jurisdictional fights; committees are often loathe to surrender any oversight to another panel.
The long winter recess has made it difficult for Republicans to project a unified message. Senators are dispersed across the country and traveling abroad.
Sen. James Lankford (R-Okla.), for example, has been among the most vocal senators about investigating Russian influence in the elections. But while McCain was preparing on Saturday for his appearance on CNN, Lankford was halfway around the world in South Korea.
“Although Sen. Lankford is definitely supportive of further investigation into Russian hacking/cybersecurity, he is noncommittal on a select committee, at this time,” an aide said.
Many Republican senators are unlikely to make waves on the matter until January, when the 52 GOP senators in the next Congress convene again in Washington. Adding to their caution is the fact that the Obama administration is planning to issue a new assessment of the extent of the hacking before Trump is sworn in Jan. 20, potentially further scrambling the debate.
Democrats, meanwhile, are rallying behind the select committee proposal. Sens. Bob Casey (D-Pa.) and Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.) both endorsed the idea on Monday, and the Democratic National Committee is touting it as well.
“I think the public needs to feel confident in the end result” of the election, said Stabenow, a Democratic leader. "My concern is that putting this in the Intelligence Committee puts minimal accountability behind closed doors. And this needs public accountability."
Seung Min Kim contributed to this report.
Scores of MPs plan to defy the Government over the European Arrest Warrant (EAW).
Conservative whips have warned Downing St that up to 60 back-bench MPs are prepared to vote against the decision to remain part of the EAW scheme and more than 30 other European Union justice rules.
The rebellion could erupt before the European Parliament elections in May, exposing Conservative tensions just as they face a serious threat from the UK Independence Party.
The EAW scheme allows foreign police to summon Britons, and detectives in this country to extradite suspects from the Continent. Conservative critics say it gives other countries' legal systems unacceptable power.
Supporters, who include British police chiefs, say it is a vital tool for bringing serious criminals to justice.
In one miscarriage of justice case highlighted by critics, Andrew Symeou, a British citizen, was extradited to Greece on homicide charges under the system and spent 11 months in jail before being cleared.
In another case, two men from Derby accused of attacking a police officer in Latvia were extradited to Riga and spent two months in an “appalling” prison before being acquitted.
One was later fined at a retrial for resisting arrest.
The system also puts a huge strain on British courts, critics say. In 2011 Britain received 6,760 warrants from other countries and handed over 999 people, at an estimated cost to the taxpayer of £20,000 per case.
The prospect of a fresh European row over the issue has forced ministers to consider a move to delay a vote until later in the year.
The dispute centres on a complex parliamentary process.
The last Labour government agreed that Britain could opt out of the EAW among 133 EU home affairs rules. Last July, ministers risked Conservative back-bench anger after saying that Britain should continue to apply 35 of those rules, including those around the warrant.
The EU agreement means that Britain must formally opt out of all 133 measures, then opt back into the 35 chosen by ministers.
A formal decision on the opt-ins is required by May 31, raising the prospect of a vote in the Commons before the European elections on May 22.
The Liberal Democrats are supporters of the EAW, adding to Conservative back-bench opposition.
Ministers said last year that they would seek modifications to stop citizens being extradited for minor crimes. However, this has not been enough to placate back-bench Conservatives.
Party sources have told The Daily Telegraph that between 50 and 60 of the 303 Conservative MPs are prepared to defy ministers when the opt-ins come to Parliament.
Whitehall sources said ministers are considering a legal manoeuvre to delay a Commons vote on the opt-ins until after the European elections.
--The right of European Union migrants to move among member states is the “greatest progress in human civilisation”, Jose Manuel Barroso, the president of the European Commission, said on Friday.
“You get what pay for”, said Tory Ian Liddell-Grainger when defending the largest MP expense claims in the South West. “The majority of the money has been spent on staff costs. I employ slightly more people than most but they are a really good team.” So who are is superhuman troupe toiling day and night for the citizens of Bridgewater and West Somerset?
For the taxpayer, “getting what you pay for” means keeping ILG's wife Jill and two twenty-something children Peter and Sophie on the Parliamentary payroll. The Somerset MP has topped Guido Fawkes' nepotism survey, employing more members of staff sharing the same surname as any other MP. Until his youngest daughter was no longer eligible, Liddel-Grainger's claims for family travel were valued in the top 3% of all 640+ members.
While CCHQ attempted to keep the “deranged” MP under wraps during the election campaign, he still managed to infuriate voters by refusing to take part in debates with other candidates, telling the BBC he “did not have the time” to attend hustings.
Perhaps he was busy updating his “excellent pussy” blog?
Japan could soon start housing project for US troop moves to Iwakuni
Construction equipment and supplies line a street at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni where new barracks were being built in 2012. Now work is expected to begin on a controversial housing project that is slated to be completed in 2015.
MARINE CORPS AIR STATION IWAKUNI, Japan — Construction could soon begin on a controversial housing project for Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni as the realignment of U.S. forces in the region continues to consume this small base outside Hiroshima.
Japanese officials have declined to say when work will begin at Mount Atago — which was partially leveled for landfill to build a heavy-lift runway at the base — but contracts were awarded in March, and officials recently met with residents to address noise and safety concerns.
Plans call for the housing project to be completed by May 2015, said a Chugoku-Shikoku Defense Bureau spokesman, who spoke on customary anonymity.
The work is a critical step forward as Iwakuni prepares for its population to double to about 10,000 by 2017, following the move of Carrier Air Wing 5 from Naval Air Facility Atsugi as well as VMGR-152, a KC-130 squadron from Marine Corps Air Station Futenma. The moves are part of the realignment of U.S. forces in the region that also includes moving 4,700 Marines and their families to Guam.
Atago will feature 270 officer housing units and a sprawling shared-use recreation complex complete with a cultural center, tearoom, baseball and soccer fields and indoor volleyball and basketball courts.
Local Japanese residents sued the Japanese government in 2009 over the proposal after plans for a public housing project fell through, leaving the city and prefecture governments in debt. Prefecture officials then balked at selling the property to the national government before relenting in March 2012. City officials at the time requested the sports facilities and no additional burden on residents.
Both Carrier Air Wing 5 and VMGR-152 were supposed to relocate to Iwakuni by 2014 but were delayed by complications in securing the land rights, moving support facilities and building on- and off-base housing.
Iwakuni residents have complained about safety and disruptions as roads and facilities were changed or their use prohibited over the past few years.
“When you rebuild 77 percent of a base in just a few years, there are going to be challenges for everyone,” MCAS Iwakuni spokesman Gunnery Sgt. Nathaniel Garcia wrote to Stars and Stripes. “We believe the base population understands the situation and continues to pull together.”
A heavy-lift runway was completed in 2010, and a commercial flight terminal followed a year later. The new Marine Aircraft Group-12 flight line has been commissioned, and its aviation maintenance facilities have been completed. Unit relocations are underway. A new steam generation plant and tactical aircraft refueling system also are finished.
“Soon, the old aviation facilities will be demolished to support additional construction,” Garcia wrote. “Although the facilities commissioned to date have been mostly operational, we will soon receive services- and quality of life-related facilities… The good news is that the majority of utility work will be finished this year, and the amount of major road changes and impacts should begin to stabilize, if not decline, in the relative near term.”
Iwakuni residents also can expect construction to wrap up shortly on a new commissary, post office and expansions of the Kintai Inn and the Command Assembly Hall.
New elementary, junior high and high schools are expected to be completed by March 2016. There are plans to build 790 on-base housing units by 2017; work already has begun.
There will also be a larger Marine Corps Exchange, a new firefighting facility, a new flight simulation facility, gate improvements and administrative and flight operations-related infrastructure.
“Overall, we are on track,” said Garcia, adding that the overall project is about two-thirds complete.
The defense bureau spokesman said it was premature to provide a final cost as some items are still in the planning stages; about 90 billion yen (approximately $900 million) has been budgeted for fiscal 2014.
Another sign that the plan is on track was revealed this week when Japanese Ministry of Defense officials announced that facilities related to the KC-130s, including the aircraft parking apron and hangars, had been completed and turned over to the U.S. military as of May 30, a spokesman told Stars and Stripes.
Advanced parties from VMGR-152 began moving to Iwakuni from Futenma in March, Marine officials in Okinawa said this week. The main body of the squadron, including 870 Marines, civilian employees and family members, is tentatively scheduled to begin moving in June and be completed by the end of September. Their 15 KC-130J Super Hercules aircraft are expected to have full operational capability by April 2015.
Despite the move, the aircraft will still maintain a presence on Okinawa, officials said.
Stars and Stripes reporters Hana Kusumoto and Chiyomi Sumida contributed to this report.
burke.matt@stripes.com
Thanks, Netflix! You Too, Amazon! Why CBS Loves the Digital Rerun Business.
Another data point for the “digital can be a really good thing for big media” argument: CBS says one reason it just posted a very nice second quarter is because of a Netflix deal which brings it new money for old shows.
CBS, which saw revenues jump up 8 percent, said the increase was “driven by” a 21 percent increase in licensing and distributing dollars, “which benefited from a new licensing agreement for the digital streaming of select library titles.”
Translation: “That $200 million Netflix deal we announced back in February, which lets us resell stuff we're no longer putting on the air, is kicking in and paying off.”
There is more good news for CBS coming down the pike, as the results don't include a similar Amazon deal, and another Netflix deal (for international), both announced last month.
Again, this is the best-case digital scenario for Big Media titans like CBS: The one where technology doesn't carve up their existing business, but gives them a chance to sell old stuff (in some cases, really old stuff, like the original “Star Trek”) “over and over again,” in the words of CEO Les Moonves during today's earnings call.
Asked who else might be willing to pay up for his re-runs, Moonves got more effusive. “[Satellite TV operator] Dish just announced today that they're going to spend a significant amount of money buying content and libraries,” he said, adding that “we hear about Apple wanting to buy content, and Google. Et cetera, et cetera. And Microsoft.”
A slightly less enthusiastic version of the same story comes from CBS' book division at Simon & Schuster: Revenue dropped 3 percent, as a boom in digital sales couldn't outweigh a drop in print revenue. But because digital sales are more profitable than print, earnings moved up 12 percent.
BAMTech plans to launch a League of Legends streaming service with apps for smartphones, PCs and "other devices," and will also handle distribution on existing streaming portals like Twitch and YouTube Gaming. The deal goes a way to explaining the rumor that ESPN was set to invest hundreds of millions to pick up the game's broadcast rights. While the deal appears to be about streaming, rather than broadcasting, ESPN is owned by Disney, and oh-so-coincidentally is launching a streaming service ready for sports that don't air on its traditional cable channels.
League of Legends is a giant in the world of eSports, with individual tournaments watched by tens of millions worldwide. Its popularity has led to Riot Games (which makes no other video games) bringing in over $1 billion in revenues per year. BAMTech and Riot will aim to make (even more) money on the deal through advertising and sponsorship, which the streaming company will oversee.
The deal is akin to videogame publishing, in so much as the $300 million is an advance, rather than a direct payment. Initial revenue generated will go to BAMTech, in order to cover its investment, but The Wall Street Journal says that takings beyond that will be shared with Riot Games at an unspecified rate.
BAMTech, previously part of Major League Baseball's MLB Advanced Media (MLBAM), was spun out into its own company earlier this year. MLBAM still owns a majority share in the company, Disney acquired around a third in a $1 billion deal and the National Hockey League also has a stake.
Update: In case you're wondering, Riot director of eSports Whalen Rozelle confirmed on Reddit that "The current experience we have today is and will continue to be free." He also said the deal could be worth more than $300 million if the partnership goes well, as the broadcasts push for more partners and sponsorship.
Frieden's entire argument is so strange—and so at odds with what other epidemiologists prescribe—that it can only be explained by one of two causes: catastrophic incompetence or a prior ideological commitment. The latter, in this case, might well be the larger issue of immigration. Ebola has the potential to reshuffle American attitudes to immigration. If you agree to seal the borders to mitigate the risks from Ebola, you're implicitly rejecting the “open borders” mindset and admitting that there are cases in which government has a duty to protect citizens from outsiders. Some people on the left admit to seeing this as the thin end of the wedge. Writing in the New Yorker, Michael Specter lamented, “Several politicians, like Governor Bobby Jindal, of Louisiana, have turned the epidemic into fodder for their campaign to halt immigration.” And that sort of thing just can't be allowed. What would happen in the event of an Ebola outbreak in Latin America? Then America would have to worry about masses of uninfected immigrants surging across the border — not to mention carriers of the virus. And if we had decided it was okay to cut off flights from West Africa, would we decide it was okay to try to seal the Southern border too? You can see how the entire immigration project might start to come apart. [Six Reasons to Panic, Jonathan V. Last, October 27 (Print Edition) ,2014]
The neocons have finally admitted that Open Borders might not be such a bright idea. Writing in The Weekly Standard, Jonathan V. Last explains that CDC chieftain's Thomas Frieden outright dismissal of a travel ban to stop Ebola might not be scientifically based, but instead a "prior ideological commitment" to open borders:Why has it taken the very real threat that immigration could kill literally millions of Americans to wake up the neocons? Is it because so many of them are centered in New York and Washington, D.C.? What didn't they learn after 9/11?
Last raises this scenario: A jihadist purposely infecting himself, flying to New York and "riding the subway until he keels over. ... Can you imagine the consequences if someone with Ebola vomited in a New York City subway car?"
Yeah.
A guy named Rick Rescorla was asking a similar question before 9/11: Can you imagine if someone flew a jet into the World Trade Center?
The neocons didn't want to hear it. After 19 illegal immigrants took down towers went down, set the Pentagon ablaze and crashed an airliner into a field in Pennsylvania, they still didn't want to hear it. [Y is for Yahoo | Turning the GOP into an anti-immigration party could dash Republican hopes of becoming a long-term governing party, By William Kristol, The Weekly Standard, April 10, 2006]
Now, they're worried about open borders? It's about time.
Hear “Mennonite” and many of us think of straw-hatted, horse-and-buggy-riding old believers speaking German dialects. In Vancouver, the word should increasingly conjure images of newcomers from China, Hong Kong and elsewhere in Asia who have discovered an old form of Christianity and made it their own.
East may well be east, and west west, but in Vancouver's religious community as in so much else, the twain absolutely meet.
article continues below
While sometimes seen as an “ethno-religious” group, Mennonites in Vancouver are as likely to have names like Chu, Chan or Wong as Friesen, Rempel or Klassen. It's a fascinating religious hybrid that happened by accident but has evolved into a significant West Coast phenomenon.
Rev. Xavier Law is senior pastor at Pacific Grace Mennonite Brethren Church, a neat, midcentury-style church on East First Avenue near Renfrew. While it was not officially the first Chinese Mennonite Brethren church (another Chinese “MB” congregation filed the paperwork first), it is the de facto granddaddy of what has grown to 18 churches throughout the Lower Mainland.
The phenomenon of Chinese Mennonites began more than five decades ago and stems directly from the faith's humanitarian mission.
When Mennonites began evangelizing in the Downtown Eastside (then still called “skid row”) in the 1950s and '60s, the proximity to Chinatown led to the unintended, but not unwelcome, consequence of a number of Chinese-Canadians joining the church.
Numbers rose steadily until, in the early 1970s, Pacific Grace had a designated Cantonese-language section that by 1977 had become so dominant that English services were discontinued. (They have an English pastor again now, as well as Mandarin and Cantonese ones in addition to senior pastor Law.)
The Mennonites did not set out to proselytize to Chinese-Canadians, but the faith struck a chord, says Law. Although Mennonite history is distinctive, worship styles and theology are similar to evangelical churches that have been popular among some Christian newcomers from Asia in recent decades.
Law chuckles when acknowledging the divergent stereotypes, but insists the adoption of Mennonite practice among Chinese-Canadians is easy accommodation with the faith's inclusive worldview.
“We focus on mission, which means sharing the gospel to all nations, which means all cultures and all groups,” he says.
Mennonites, like Amish and Hutterites, are Anabaptists — products of the Christian Reformation in the 1500s central and northern Europe.
Simple living pacifists, “Anabaptists” got their name from a disparaging term, meaning those who baptize again, because their belief in adult baptism was seen by traditionalists as needless. Their pacifism and views on religious freedom outside the control of governments put them at odds with dominant cultures over the centuries, including here in Canada during the world wars.
Devoted to the care of the spirit and the spread of Christian scripture, Mennonites are also renowned for their work in the world. The 1.7 million adherents support the work of the Mennonite Central Committee, which provides disaster relief and international development.
There are about 200,000 Mennonites in Canada, ranging in practice and theology from the “Old Order” who shun technology (mostly in southwestern Ontario) to the socially progressive, with a surprisingly wide swath between. But, as Law says, they all get on well across their not insignificant differences. The church's empathetic worldview transcends much.
Law came to Canada with his parents and went to high school in Coquitlam. Having belonged to an independent Christian congregation in Hong Kong, he sought out a spiritual home in his new country and found a Chinese MB church in Port Moody. When, as a teenager, he heard the call to become a pastor, his church sponsored him through seminary and employed him after graduation in 1996.
In 2003, Law moved to the current flagship church. The Port Moody church remains the largest Chinese MB church, with 450 congregants, compared to the 350 at Law's second-largest Pacific Grace church. Mennonite Brethren have had success in other Asian communities as well.
Like many Canadian churches, Mennonites sponsored refugees from the 1970s Vietnamese “boat people” crisis and there are now two Vietnamese MB churches in B.C. In addition to language-specific churches, there are also numerous multicultural churches with services in different languages.
And if Chinese Mennonites strike outsiders as an unusual amalgam, the reality is that evangelization has meant that, after the United States, Mennonites are now most prevalent in Congo, Ethiopia and India. In places like Kitchener, Ontario, you can still see the picturesque images of simple-living Mennonite farmers, but in most of the world, including Vancouver, the reality is increasingly different.
Chinese Mennonites are no longer an exclusively Lower Mainland phenomenon. Churches have been planted (one each) in Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba. But the singularity of Mennonites of Chinese descent is a result of Vancouver's serendipitous ferment of people, ideas and practices.
pat604johnson@gmail.com
We all know a picture speaks a thousand words, but sometimes a video says even more.
If you're looking for one clip that shows a bit of the craziness of an energy policy pushing bomb trains, arctic drilling, and unchecked oil production all over our country while communities remain at risk and our climate continues to race towards catastrophe…watch this clip.
As our friend Brendan DeMelle of DeSmogBlog details, the video from Carkeek Park in Seattle shows Shell's enormous “Polar Pioneer” offshore oil rig making its way through Puget Sound to the port of Seattle, where it is set to be docked before heading up to the arctic waters off the coast of Alaska. Of course, Shell's plans to dock their rig in Seattle's port have been met with huge protests and legal challenges.
A video of such a huge symbol of Big Oil's determination to drill wherever and whenever it can, would be distressing enough, but that's not all that Brendan's video shows. In a terrible coincidence, a huge BNSF “bomb train” full of oil comes barreling by along the coastline as the drill rig slowly passes in the water.
Arctic drilling and crude by rail are huge symbols of an energy policy gone wrong. They imperil our communities, our waters, and our climate every day.
But, the people are rising up. This weekend Seattle will host multiple protests and events saying “ShellNO!” to Shell's plans and arctic drilling. You can find more information at http://shellno.org/. On Saturday there will be a kayak flotilla and accompanying onshore events, and on Monday activists are planning a more escalated direct action to show the intensity of opposition to Seattle playing host to Shell's climate crimes.
We'll have a campaigner on the ground in Seattle helping make sure Shell and our leaders know we all stand against this crazy plan. Follow us on Twitter at @priceofoil and on Facebook, and follow the hashtag #ShellNo to support from afar!
Take Me Away from the Ballgame Heading for the exits before the final out can feel like a gamble. Can we quantify when we're making the right decision? Walker Harrison Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 27, 2016 There are a bevy of tough choices built into the experience of attending a baseball game. Do I get one hot dog each in the second and sixth innings, or do I consolidate my pork intake with a foot-long in the fourth? If I catch an opponent's home run, do I show my solidarity with the home crowd and toss it back? Should I tell the woman in front of me that she just sat on an open mustard packet or just leave her in peaceful naiveté? One of the harder choices, particularly here in New York, is whether to leave early if your Yankees or Mets are losing late in the game. It's not a decision to be taken lightly. Both stadiums are situated on the outskirts of the MTA's long-reaching tentacles; a return trip to Manhattan or Brooklyn can take more than an hour. If you dally too long and leave with the masses, you may have to wait for several trains to pass before squeezing into a car stuffed with people who fulfill some rotten version of Lady Liberty's manifesto: tired, poor, drunk, grumpy fans. The risk, of course, in ducking out before the last out is that you might miss a glorious comeback, one that you can brag about to your grandchildren as they watch the Snapchat hologram stream of the 2044 MLB season, live from Yankee Stadium IV. And so the question becomes: at what point can you be comfortably assured that no epic rally will occur after you leave the premises? Taking a magnifying glass to baseball's long history can help you make a well-informed decision. Statisticians idolize baseball as a sport optimized for mathematical analysis, a characteristic that surfaces from two of the sport's unique attributes. First, baseball's staggering volume creates a sample size that offers uncompromised conclusions. Over 200,000 individual Major League games have not only been played but meticulously documented, which means that most any bizarre circumstance has probably been observed at least a handful of times. More importantly, the commonplace scenarios have happened so many times that the frequencies associated with them have calcified into probabilistic laws. People have been playing baseball for a long time! The second, more interesting reason that baseball is ideal for statistical probing is that its game flow is a sequence of discrete states instead of a fluid continuum of action. That is, the beginning of each play can be defined by surprisingly few variables — inning, outs, runners, and score — allowing for simple categorization of past occurrences. Armed with these truths, we can sift through baseball's antiquity and sort for situations. In our case, we can count all the times that a certain bottom-of-the-9th-inning scenario emerged and see how often the home team actually won that game to create win expectancies. That underlying probabilities would reveal themselves after endless trials — an idea appropriately named the Law of Large Numbers — is a fundamental of statistical theory that is at least a few hundred years old. Applied to baseball, we can get a pretty good idea of when it's worth sticking around in the 9th inning:
The numbers fall into three predictable buckets: the green reef along the top, which demonstrates that tie games in the bottom of the ninth heavily favor the home team, especially if runners are on base; the red sea along the bottom where hope for victory drowns — if your team's down by four runs or more, you should probably head for the exits; and the gulf between those two extremes, where the tough choices float in a yellow broth of uncertainty. Down three with one out and runners on first and second? Still got a 9.1% chance of pulling this one out! The richer view of these figures lies in the marginal values of extra outs and extra runs. Check out the version of the numbers that compares each situation to having one more run (tie games are compared to 100%, since being up in the bottom of the ninth would be equivalent to a win):
And here's a graph showing one- and two-out scenarios compared to having one fewer out (zero-out scenarios eliminated for obvious reasons):
Looking at these two spreads we can see the true black holes where potential victories go to die. Being down three instead of two with one out and runners on second and third reduces your win chances by almost 27%, which makes sense since a basehit only ties the game instead of winning it. Having two outs instead of one when you're down one with a runner on third kills your prospects by over 24% since you can no longer tie the game on an out. On the contrary, the green pastures along the bottom represent the meaninglessness of late-game developments when the score is not close: your victory hopes already rest in these Elysian fields, where defeat is softer but assured. One wonders, though, how the hometown Yankees and Mets have fared historically in these scenarios. Has New York exceptionalism seeped into the fabric of chance and made our teams more prolific ralliers? Or, conversely, has New York pessimism torpedoed more than our fair share of ninth inning rallies? Here's the same style graph comparing the Yankees fate in these scenarios with the league-wide average:
The graph is awash in yellow, an indication that for the most part the Yankees act within the realm of expectation in the bottom of the ninth. But there are pockets of over- and underperformance. Down two runs with nobody out and a runner on third, the Yankees win 35.1% more often than the rest of the league. But down three with nobody out and the bases loaded, and they lose 34.9% more often. The equivalent graph can be spun up for the Mets:
Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) has suspended his campaign after a devastating loss in Indiana. This leaves Governor John Kasich versus business mogul Donald Trump for the Republican nomination. With Trump looking like the likely Republican nominee, many Cruz supporters are looking for a new candidate.
Austin Petersen responded with a Facebook video that has gotten over fifty-one thousand views. In the video he asked that Cruz supporters support him in his bid for the Libertarian Party nomination. He also called for Glenn Beck and Ted Cruz to consider supporting him for President.
Governor Gary Johnson released a statement on his campaign website saying that Senator Cruz deserved credit for fighting on the issues. Johnson also said that the nominations for the Republican and Democratic parties were set.
“Polarizing as they may be, when the rhetoric is pushed aside, will either of those candidates shrink the government? Will either of them stop the military interventions that are not making us safer? Will either of them stop the government from spying on us citizens? And will either truly bring government spending under control, stop the deficits that are bankrupting us, and get the government off our backs so that Americans can find the jobs they want and put us back on a path to opportunity?”
Many conservatives reaffirmed their commitment to the Never Trump movement.
Senator Ben Sasse said that Indiana changed nothing.
Reporters keep asking if Indiana changes anything for me.
The answer is simple: No. This from Febr. still holds:https://t.co/yUNSZTHW7E — Ben Sasse (@BenSasse) May 4, 2016
Erick Erickson asked who Austin Petersen was on Twitter.
Anybody knows anything about @AP4LP? — Erick Erickson (@EWErickson) May 3, 2016
Gary Johnson also shared a graph which showed that people were googling libertarian more than ever.
An interesting Google Trends graph for tonight: https://t.co/eKNNTB7dKO #libertarian — Gov. Gary Johnson (@GovGaryJohnson) May 4, 2016
The Libertarian Party nominee will appear on the ballot in all fifty states. Gary Johnson received 11% in a poll last March against Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. A NBC poll showed that 16% of respondents would vote for a third party.
Justin Amash didn't have anything to say on the state of the Republican race, instead tweeting out something vague.
Soon. — Justin Amash (@justinamash) May 4, 2016
For longtime Humble Bundle fans, this week's game offerings might look a bit staid. Osmos, Voxatron, Dustforce, FTL, Zen Bound 2—there are quite a few repeats from earlier bundles. It's the tech at the heart of it all that makes this Humble Mozilla Bundle worth checking out though. All eight games are able to run right in your browser, thanks to ports done internally at Humble.
Humble and Mozilla have partnered up to make these games (and more unveiled next week) available to run right in your browser using asm.js and WebGL web technology. No need to download Steam, no need to download plugins. If you're running a modern build of Firefox or Chrome you can run all eight games just by hitting the Play button on the Humble page. If you're running Firefox you can even check out a demo of the tech by heading to the Firefox Start Page.
Head to the Firefox Start Page and you can play a custom Mozilla-themed version of Voxatron.
Standing on the shoulders of giants
Humble's not the first to explore running full-fledged (read: not Flash) games in a browser. Chrome's Native Client technology, for instance, allows you to run Bastion, and earlier this year I checked out the full-fledged first-person shooter Ballistic.
The difference, as far as I'm concerned, is that people use Humble. The company's game bundles have become a formidable force in the industry, and they've already been a huge influence in bolstering Linux gaming. However, speaking with Humble co-founder and COO John Graham he was unsure how many games would eventually come to your browser. "It takes work to do the ports," says Graham. "You're not going to hear me say we're going to make all the bundles asm.js compatible overnight, but we are interested in doing more of these promotions and this won't just be a one-off for us."
It is incredibly convenient though, and could help woo PC users who are ambivalent about installing a separate storefront such as Steam.
"You look at Steam's hundred million users and that number actually seems a little small. There's seven billion people on the planet, two billion people have fast internet, and there's a hundred million people on Steam," says Graham. "Browsers are platforms. They have hundreds of millions of people, maybe billions, engaging with them all the time. We're curious to see can we break out beyond the hardcore guys who are comfortable downloading and running all these apps."
Hands-on with Humble's web-based games
I haven't checked out all the games but I did run Super Hexagon, which would be most affected by any latency, and noticed no issues whatsoever. Humble has also implemented cloud saves into all eight games so you can play on one computer, leave, and pick up where you left off on another computer as long as you're logged into the same Humble account.
Humble's not the first to explore games in a browser. Chrome explored the idea with Bastion and Don't Starve a few years back.
There is one oddity that Humble says they're hoping to fix in the future: It's impossible to know what games you've already downloaded and manage those files. That's probably not a huge deal for these games, which all clock in around 300MB or less of storage, but in the future Graham did confirm to me they'd like to add an easy way to uninstall old content.
And there are other features Humble hopes to add—for instance, the ability to download the first two or three levels, let the user begin playing, and then download the rest in the background seamlessly. Or the ability to update the game builds on your computer by installing only the updated files instead of re-downloading the entire game. Or gamepad support for all titles.
Those features are commodities, though. Expect them to roll out as Humble gets a handle on the technology. For now, you can head over to Humble Bundle and check out the bundle itself. All eight games still come with DRM-free builds and Steam codes when purchased, so you're not locked into the browser if you don't want to experience the future of video game entertainment.
Side note: PCWorld does not take responsibility if you're caught playing these games in your browser at work.
Monkeys and Bears building Ram Setu - Kangra, Himachal Pradesh (Philadelphia Museum of Art) 1850
I
What could Pāṇini, perhaps the greatest grammarian of all time, have to do with Bharata Muni and his theories of art, drama and music? But speaking of grammar in the same breath as art is not as incongruous as one thinks when it is noted that both language and creations of art are governed by rules and conventions. The challenge in each is to express meaning and feeling in new creative ways, and both Pāṇini and Bharata indicate that at the basis of their productions lies the universal which is, therefore, a means to the knowledge of the self.
Pāṇini's grammar, the Aṣṭādhyāyī, described in nearly 4,000 sūtras the rules to generate all Sanskrit sentences and he collected roots in the dhātupāṭha and primitive nominal stems in the gaṇapāṭha. The Aṣṭādhyāyī is a wonderful resource for the culture and history of his times and it mentions the Naṭasūtra of Śilālin, which was the canonical text on drama in his times.
Pāṇini, by the very beauty, complexity and exhaustiveness of his rules, presaged similar efforts at complete classification in the fields of art and architecture. In this he was following an old model, in which the central results of a science are expressed in terms of sūtras, which in turn require vṛtti (turning the sutras into fully worded paraphrase) and bhāṣya (commentary) for complete explanation. Before Pāṇini's time this was already in place for the six great darśanas of Indian philosophy with their corresponding sutra texts.
Bharata Muni's Nāṭyaśāstra (sometimes called the fifth Veda), which appeared not too long after Pāṇini, classified the diverse arts that are embodied in the classical Indian concept of the drama, including dance, music, poetics, and general aesthetics. Later, the Bṛhatsaṃhitā of Varāhamihira (505-587 CE) and the Viṣṇudharmottara Purāṇa of the 4th century CE[1] describe canonical conventions of architecture, iconography, and painting.
Behind the rules of grammar was the idea clearly expressed in the Muṇḍaka Upaniṣad that all linguistic thought or representation can only hope to approximate reality which, in its deepest levels is transcendent (parā). The success of the poet and the artist owes not to the canonical rules and conventions of the medium (surface structure) but rather to the inexpressible intuition behind the conception (deep structure)[2].
The artist strives to represent the divinity or communicate its spirit through the artistic creation, so that the aesthete might get connected to his or her own divinity within them. The beginnings of this in the Vedic ritual were in terms of representing the cosmos in the fire altar which, later, became the model for the temple[3], fine arts and music[4]. Pāṇini's work falls quite within the framework of the Vedic tradition for he took the earlier Pratiśākhya rules on converting the word-for-word recitation of the Veda into a continuous recitation and created an abstract grammar of unsurpassed power.
In the Viṣṇudharmottara Purāṇa, the sage Mārkaṇḍeya says that although divinity is formless, worship and meditation are possible only when it is endowed with form. Therefore, the artist observes nature carefully and molds that inspiration using the conventions that he has internalized in the realm of his imagination.
The model for the creative sciences in India is the churning of the ocean (samudramanthana) that occurs within the heart of the artist. This is a dance between mechanicity and freedom, represented respectively by the demons and the gods, out of which new vision and insight.
The creative process depends on rules and precepts but the artist must reach for a deeper understanding that helps him recognize the authentic and the meaningful, just as the poet cannot depend on the rules of grammar alone to find words that communicate felt experience. The driving force must thus be the transcendent self which informs the mechanistic mind.
Dākṣīputra Pāṇini
II
Dākṣīputra Pāṇini was born in Śalātura in northwest India, north of the confluence of the Sindhu and the Kabul rivers. According to tradition, he became a friend of the king Mahānanda of Magadha (5th century BCE). The Kathā-sarit-sāgara of Somadeva (11th century) mentions that Pāṇini's teacher was Varṣa and his rival was Kātyāyana. The Aṣṭādhyāyī appears to supersede an earlier Aindra grammar. Xuanzang (Hieun Tsang) in the 7th century visited Śalātura and found that the grammatical tradition was continued there and that Pāṇini had been honored with a statue[5], [6].
Pāṇini's grammar along with its word-lists, presents invaluable incidental information about life and society in the 5th century BCE India. It provides us names of cities, towns, villages and cultural and political entities called Janapadas, details regarding social life, economic conditions, education and learning, religion, and political conditions.
The Janapada states had different kinds of government. Some Janapadas were republics, others were monarchies. We learn that the king did not have absolute power and he shared authority with his minister. This balancing of the powers created an environment that was conducive for questioning out of which emerged the many sciences that have come down to us.
Pāṇini's references shed important light on the way religion was practiced. We find that images were used to represent deities in temples and open shrines. There were images in the possession of the custodian of shrines. The Mahābhāṣya, the second century BCE commentary on Pāṇini's grammar describes temples of Dhanapati, Rāma, Kṛṣṇa, Śiva, and Viṣṇu.
Pāṇini is aware of the Vedic literature and the Upaniṣads. He also knows the Mahābhārata. Pāṇini's work is thus invaluable in the dating of the texts of the Vedic period. Pāṇini describes coins that came prior to the period of Kauṭilya's Arthaśāstra (4th century BCE). Pāṇini appears to have traveled to Pātaliputra to participate in a great annual meeting of scholars.
Vishnu sahasranama manuscript, ca 1690. Vishnu being worshipped in his five forms,
including Rama and Lakshmana. Opaque watercolour on paper,
Mewar, India. Date circa 1690 Source V&A Museum
III
What the Aṣṭādhyāyī is to language, the Nāṭyaśāstra is to the artist and the musician[7]. The structure of Indian classical music and dance was added to by Mataṅga Muni's Bṛhaddeśi (about 600 CE), Abhinavagupta's Abhinavabhāratī and Śārṅgadeva's Sangīta Ratnākara (13th century). This connection with the tradition has continued in the Hindustani Saṅgīta Paddhati by Vishnu Nārāyaṇa Bhāṭkhaṇḍe from the early 20th century.
Bharata explains the relationship between the bhāvas, the emotions evoked in the spectators, and the rasa, essence of the performance or the work of art. He says that the artist should be conscious of the bhāva and the rasa that is being sought to be established. The word rasa itself means “juice” and it is seen as emerging from the interplay of vibhāva (stimulus that may be a word or a gesture), anubhāva (reaction) and vyabhicārī bhāva (fleeting or transitory emotion). A performance that is technically correct but has no emotion would be said to be wanting in rasa. According to Abhinavagupta, rasa is a universal mental state and the highest purpose of all creative arts is to help the connoisseur reach such a state, for the arts are the aesthetic means to knowing the self.
Bharata explains rasa by giving the parallel of the combination of various condiments, each having its own taste, which creates a unique taste that lingers. The corresponding combination in drama leads to a feeling (sthāyībhāva) that is the nāṭyarasa. In both these cases, the subject, whose mind reflects cultural and personal experience, is central to the appreciation of the creation.
The eight sthāyibhāvas are rati (love), hāsa (mirth), krodha (anger), śoka (grief), utsāha (heroism), bhaya (fear), jugupsā (disgust), and vismaya (wonder). Corresponding to these are the eight rasas of the Nāṭyaśāstra that form four pairs:
i. śṛngāra, love, devotion. Color: dark hue.
ii. hāsya, laughter, mirth. Color: white.
iii. raudra, fury, anger. Color: red.
iv. kāruṇya, compassion, sadness. Color: dove colored.
v. vīra, heroism, courage. Color: yellowish.
vi. bhayānaka, fear, terror. Color: dark.
vii. bībhatsa, repulsion, aversion. Color: blue
viii. adbhuta, wonder, astonishment. Color: yellow
The deities associated with these are Viṣṇu, Pramatha, Rudra, Yama, Indra, Kāla, Mahākala, and Brahmā, respectively. Later, the sages accepted a ninth rasa śānta, peace or tranquility, with the color of white and Viṣṇu as deity, and the expression navarasa (the nine rasas) became popular. Nāṭya is a sharpened representation of life wherein the various emotions are dramatically enhanced so that the spectator gains the flavor of the portrayed pleasure and pain taking him to the source of this within himself.
Bhāvas and rasas
There are three types of bhāva, namely sthāyī (eight types), vyabhicārī (thirty-three), and sattvika (eight), for a total of forty-nine. The eight sthāyī bhavas are the bases of the eight rasas.
The vyabhicārī bhāvas are:
1. nirveda (depression, caused by abuse, censure, and so on) 2. glāni (languor, result of hurt, emptiness, illness, and so on) 3. śaṅkā (suspicion) 4. asūyā (jealousy) 5. mada (intoxication) 6. śrama (fatigue) 7. ālasya (laziness) 8. dainya (misery) 9. cintā (anxiety) 10. moha (fainting, caused by ill luck, calamity) 11. smṛti (memory) 12. dhṛti (fortitude) 13. vrīḍā (sense of shame) 14. capalatā (nervousness) 15. harṣa (joy) 16. āvega (agitation or excitement) 17. jaḍatā (slothfulness) 18. garva (pride) 19. viṣāda (sorrow) 20. autsukya (unease arising from remembrance of a dear one or a beautiful place) 21. nidrā (sleepiness) 22. apasmāra (forgetfulness) 23. supta (overcome by sleep) 24. vibodha (awakening) 25. amarṣa (intolerance) 26. avahittham (dissimulation) 27. ugratā (fierceness) 28. mati (understanding) 29. vyādhai (illness) 30. unmāda (insanity) 31. maraṇam (death) 32. trāsa (dread) 33. vitarka (argumentation)
The sāttvika bhāvas are the physical manifestation of genuine emotion. They are:
a. stambha (stupefaction),
b. sveda (perspiration),
c. romāñca (thrill),
d. svarabheda (voice change),
e. vepathu (trembling),
f. vaivarṇya (facial color change),
g. aśru (tears),
h. pralaya (swoon, fainting).
From stimulus to emotion and subsequent reaction
Vibhāva as the cause has two fundamental components: the ālambana vibhāva which is the basic stimulant and the uddīpana vibhāva which is the enhancing stimulant related to the environment and the context. If the heroine is the ālambana vibhāva, the location, like a garden, is the uddīpana vibhāva.
Abhinavagupta asks the question whether nāṭya is representation of reality (tattva) or its likeness (sadṛṣya) as in the case of a twin, or mere error (bhrānti) as in the case of silver being taken as a piece of mother-of-pearl, or superimposition (āropa), or as replica (pratikṛti) as in the case of a painting of a model, and so on. He asserts that nāṭya is neither of these for each of these lacks transcendence (asādhāraṇatā) without which there cannot be rasa.
The aesthetic experience is a doorway to the innate dispositions of the self for in that moment the connoisseur has become more than just his own self. In the contemplation of characters depicted in the work of art, or in the absorption in an abstract composition, the mind feels the breath of the universal spirit.
Rigveda manuscript
IV
Let me now briefly speak of the impact of these ideas. Pāṇini's work, in particular, and Sanskrit grammar, in general, showed the way to the development of modern linguistics through the efforts of scholars such as Franz Bopp, Ferdinand de Saussure, Leonard Bloomfield, and Roman Jakobson. Bopp was a pioneering scholar of the comparative grammars of Sanskrit and other Indo-European languages. Ferdinand de Saussure wrote his Ph.D. on De l'emploi du génitif absolu en Sanscrit (1880) and lectured on Sanskrit in Paris and Geneva. In his most influential work, Course in General Linguistics (Cours de linguistique générale), that was published posthumously (1916), he took the idea of the use of formal rules of Sanskrit grammar and applied them to general linguistic phenomena. Bloomfield, having studied Pāṇini, contributed much to structural linguistics, applying these ideas not only to Indo-European historical linguistics but also to Austronesian and native American languages.
Roman Jakobson, who died in 1962, contributed to the development of the structural analysis of language, and eventually these ideas were applied to disciplines beyond linguistics, such as anthropology and literary theory. Modern linguistics seeks not only to determine the type of language but also its specific characteristics and linguistic universals is the study of the general features of languages in the world.
The structure of Pāṇini‘s grammar contains a meta-language, meta-rules, and other technical devices that make this system effectively equivalent to the most powerful computing machine. Although it didn't directly contribute to the development of computer languages, it influenced linguistics and mathematical logic which, in turn, gave birth to computer science.
The works of Pāṇini and Bharata Muni also presage the modern field of semiotics which is the study of signs and symbols as a significant part of communications. Bharata's Nāṭyaśāstra has much material on acting, signs, gestures, and posture each one of which communicates its own specific meaning to the spectator.
The search for universal laws of grammar underlying the diversity of languages is ultimately an exploration of the very nature of the human mind. The other side to this grammar is the idea that a formal system cannot describe reality completely since it leaves out the self. As human society evolves, signs and symbols in use lose their original meaning, manners change, and fashions come and go.
There is some good news for the city of Philadelphia: Incoming tax revenue is strong.
There is a positive trend when it comes to dollars coming into the city coffers, said Alan Butkovitz, city controller.
“Philadelphia has been raking in a lot more tax revenue than anticipated. It's more evidence of an economic rebound,” he said.
Numbers tell the tale, Butkovitz said.
“Over the last five years, we've had a 22 percent increase in our tax revenues,” he said. “Five years ago, the city predicted that would be about 15 percent. We're 7 percent higher than a year ago.”
Some of that revenue will be needed to cover the cost of the recent police arbitration award and an upcoming firefighters award.
Butkovitz said the upward financial trend signifies that the city is recovering economically — and he's hoping that it's a harbinger of good things to come.
In Abandoned, Military, Transportation / By Tom / 3 January 2013
Top secret aircraft, even those that have been publicly disclosed, remain mysterious long after emerging from the black world. When – and if – secret planes are declassified, they're treated differently from other military aircraft, and the specifics of their hardware may remain under wraps for decades. While some ultimately go to museums, others are placed into storage well away from prying eyes, awaiting a fate that may take years to arrive.
One such fate that has befallen crashed, retired or failed projects over the decades is burial. Aircraft have literally been dragged into deep pits miles from public land, often near the enigmatic Groom Lake test site in Nevada, famously known as Area 51. Not only does Groom serve as a testing ground for the U.S. government's most advanced programmes, it also serves as the final resting place of many of its most secret aircraft. Some of these classified planes have never been publicly acknowledged.
Stealth Tombs at Tonopah
(Image: Ikluft, cc-sa-3.0; US Air Force, public domain)
Despite its retirement in 2008, the famous F-117 Nighthawk ‘Stealth Fighter' has been spotted flying again over the Nellis Test Range in Nevada. It's believed six airframes have been reactivated (four flying and two spares), perhaps as low observable test platforms for the next generation of stealthy U.S. aircraft. The rest of the fleet, meanwhile, rests at the shadowy Tonopah Test Range Airport near Area 51. Unlike other retired military aircraft that go to ‘the Boneyard' at Davis-Monthan AFB in Arizona, stealth planes contain both toxic and sensitive technologies that make them harder to dispose of. One option, therefore, is burial.
(Images: Paul Crickmore; US Air Force, public domain)
Four pre-production YF-117s are displayed at museums across the United States. A fifth was scrapped at Palmdale in April 2008 to test effective methods of destroying F-117 airframes. Meanwhile, rumours persist that the mothballed fleet is in the process of being dismantled and buried at Tonopah, miles from public land. According to AviationIntel.com: “Some have even said the jets will get their own headstones with their unique names inscribed on them for posterity sake, although USAF officials have never corroborated such a claim.” If true, it marks a strangely eerie departure from the traditional aircraft graveyard, though underscoring an ongoing respect for the deactivated F-117s.
Unmarked Aircraft Graves at Groom Lake
(Images: US Air Force (1, 2, 3); US Military; US Navy; Geckow; public domain)
The Nighthawks may be the latest airframes to be entombed in the desert, but the practice is hardly new. More than 12 aircraft wrecks are known to have been buried in unmarked graves at Groom Lake since the 1950s. These include four U-2 spy planes, several A-12s (predecessors of the SR-71 Blackbird), an F-101 chase plane (crashed 1965), a Russian-built MiG-23 that had come into U.S. possession (crashed 1984) and two Lockheed Have Blue proof-of-concept aircraft that crashed near Area 51 while demonstrating technology for the F-117 in the late 1970s.
(Images: DARPA/US Air Force; U.S. Government via Lockheed, public domain)
When they crashed, these aircraft were still highly classified. Lockheed engineers have since searched fruitlessly for one of the Have Blue aircraft (above), which was said to be relatively intact. But the search was terminated when diggers allegedly began unearthing other classified projects. They Have Blue's final resting place, thought to be south of the main hangar complex, has now reportedly been paved over.
(Image: Google Earth; Have Blue burial site rumoured to be in above vicinity)
Article continues – click Page 2.
Pages: 1 2 3
After a steep fall in solar power prices in India, it is now the turn of wind energy.
During an auction conducted last week by the state-run Solar Energy Corporation of India (SECI) for 1,000 megawatts (MW) of wind power installations, tariffs fell to a new low of Rs2.64 per unit, down 24% from even the previous low of Rs3.46. The prices are now competitive with the solar energy segment which hit a record-low of Rs2.44 per unit in May, also during auctions conducted by SECI. Renewable energy in India is now cheaper than coal-based power, which costs around Rs3.20 per unit.
Earlier this year, the Narendra Modi government had amended the method to determine wind energy tariffs, allowing the market to fix prices rather than having a regulator do it. This new system has led to a slide in prices. “The main reason is simply increased competition,” renewable energy consultancy Bridge to India (BTI) said in a note referring to the price wars.
This tariff crash comes at a time when India's wind energy sector is already in the doldrums.
Following the introduction of the new tariff-determination system, the central and state governments—at least until last week—hadn't conducted any wind farm auctions, leaving companies without a pipeline of projects to work on. Energy distribution firms have also wanted to pull out of previously-signed power purchase agreements (PPAs), instead pressuring power firms to sell at the newly-discovered low rates for renewable energy. As a result, the sector has seen a sharp fall in new capacity additions in 2017 compared to the previous year.
The slowdown has also driven down wind turbine costs and lowered the expectations of return on investments, resulting in tariff reduction, Sunil Jain, CEO of Hero Future Energies, told Quartz. Based in New Delhi, Jain's wind farm company has around 500MW of installed capacity. The availability of more efficient and advanced wind turbines has also helped, Jain added.
While falling tariffs make renewable power more attractive to consumers, it creates risks for investors and lenders, BTI said. Energy distribution companies, which have already signed PPAs at higher rates, will also take a hit. “We believe that the new wind tariffs are too aggressive,” BTI said.
“The viability of these projects would depend on the project execution capability of the firms involved,” CARE Ratings said in a note. “This includes land acquisition to set up projects in areas with grid connectivity.”
Oh Snails....you have me the perfect idea for a comic and it was only 30 seconds into a MLP episode. A NEW RECORD!No, but seriously this comic was fun to do. Unlike my last one based off an episode this one was much easier to think of good ideas for and had a lot more fun doing it.So...I actually went back and noticed I haven't done a true Scootaloo colored pic in forever.I've drawn her in the Halloween stuff in costume but not her official colors since August. That needed to change and I'm happy you guys voted me to do this comic in the end. Snips and Snails....first time I ever drew them.Surprisingly good for first attempts....especially them as colts. Oh and their designs.I think the most fun....yet thing that frustrated me on this was the background. I decided to keep the scene was if the meting was done for the day and this was just something they decided to do afterward. IDK how I drew the clubhouse like i did but I did it. I'm surprising myself more and more each time I draw. Although the balloons are a tad off.Well hope you guys like this comic. Really was awesome to work on this one...even if it took a tad longer to do. So yeah...more comics on the way! YAY! Comments? Scootaloo, Snips, Snails © Lauren FaustArt © Me
Daily Mail columnist Samantha Brick has hit the headlines again today after her secret diary was leaked on the Internet, giving further insight into the mind of a delusional narcissist.
Below are sample entries revealed to reporters by an unnamed source, which are already providing greater clarity on the thought processes of Mrs Brick.
Jan 27th and 28th: “Stopped to do my hair in the mirror before leaving for work, and before I knew it, it was Saturday.”
February 2nd: “The bread is mouldy – my beauty is such that it spoils baked goods in just six days, truly this is a curse.”
February 15th: “Walked past a building site earlier, so dumb-struck by my exquisite visage were the builders that their lips stopped working and wolf-whistles were rendered impossible as I passed. They also did their best to continue working and appear indifferent to my presence, but I know the truth.”
February 28th: “Enjoyed lunch today, but it was clearly so difficult for the waiter not to put his phone number on my bill. I was mightily impressed with his self-restraint. I still felt i should remind him I was a married woman – he was polite enough to pretend he had no idea what I was going on about.”
March 7th: “That same guy tried to talk to me AGAIN on the way to work this morning – that's twenty nine days straight. Just take NO for an answer will you – and believe me, your ‘Big Issue' pretence isn't fooling anyone.
March 15th: “Flashed by several male drivers on way home tonight. Who says 60 mph in the middle lane of a quiet motorway attracts no attention – NO, I WON'T GO OUT WITH YOU!”
April 4th: “More love letters in the post today, particularly touched by the dog faeces in a plastic bag – the perfect metaphor for a ‘potent' love constrained by the ‘plastic' of societies conventions. Their unrequited love for me must be truly heart-breaking.”
Photo by: Champaign County Jail Hao Jiang, 21, of Urbana, sentenced Monday, March 13, 2017, to a year of court supervision and 100 hours of public service after pleading guilty to misdemeanor battery in an attack on his girlfriend.
URBANA — An Urbana man who admitted he battered his girlfriend has been sentenced to a year of court supervision and 100 hours of public service work.
In exchange for Hao Jiang's guilty plea Monday to misdemeanor battery, the state dismissed more serious charges of aggravated domestic battery and domestic battery against the University of Illinois student.
Jiang, 21, who listed an address in the 1000 block of West University Avenue, was arrested Oct. 25 for allegedly hitting and choking his live-in girlfriend, 23, also a UI student, with such force that her eardrum burst. She received treatment at Carle Hospital.
Jiang pleaded guilty before Judge Tom Difanis. As part of a negotiated plea agreement, he was also ordered to participate in partner abuse treatment and pay almost $600 in costs.
If he successfully completes the period of court supervision, Jiang will have no record of a criminal conviction. He had no prior convictions.
Jiang was represented by Urbana attorney Evan Bruno. Assistant State's Attorney Bridget Schott prosecuted him.
Jefferson Co. employee fired for Black Lives Matter post
Patricia Kloefkorn, court coordinator for State District Judge Raquel West, said protesters should ?get a job,? and ?since when did being black ... give you the right to shoot people.? Patricia Kloefkorn, court coordinator for State District Judge Raquel West, said protesters should ?get a job,? and ?since when did being black ... give you the right to shoot people.? Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Jefferson Co. employee fired for Black Lives Matter post 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Saying the comments were "inappropriate" and "offensive," a Jefferson County district judge on Tuesday fired her court coordinator for remarks the woman posted on Facebook over the weekend about the Black Lives Matter movement.
Patricia Kloefkorn, court coordinator for State District Judge Raquel West, posted, among other things, on her personal Facebook account Sunday that Black Lives Matter protesters should "get a job" and "since when did being black ... give you the right to shoot people."
Kloefkorn, 58, also accused President Barack Obama of creating the environment that led to recent killings of eight police officers in Dallas and Baton Rouge.
After it was announced that Kloefkorn had been terminated, West said in a prepared statement that the court's integrity is her top priority.
"Inappropriate and offensive comments made by court personnel will not be tolerated," West said.
Jefferson County does not have a countywide social media policy for employees, though the sheriff's office recently adopted one of its own, said Assistant District Attorney Kathleen Kennedy, who runs the office's civil division.
Kennedy said while county employees maintain First Amendment rights,"government employers can restrict speech that affect the entity's operations."
There is a draft social media policy for county employees, but it has yet to reach a public forum, said Kennedy. The proposed policy had been put on hold in recent months because of scheduling, she said.
The draft policy, which Kennedy said should be ready for commissioners court to consider in a few weeks, would prohibit employees from discussing open investigations or sharing documents obtained from the job.
Last fall, the city of Port Arthur introduced a social media policy after three police officers and a civilian employee were accused of posting profanity-laced, racially-tinged remarks on an invitation-only Facebook group.
The PAPD employees - a sergeant, a detective, an officer and a civilian who works in the evidence room - allegedly used foul language to refer to First Lady Michelle Obama and activist Al Sharpton.
Their comments offended some of the group's subscribers, who reported them to the city.
None of the employees were fired because of their posts.
Port Arthur's new social media policy "gives more specific direction than the personnel manual does," Port Arthur city manager Brian McDougal said. "We wanted to make sure the employees know what the parameters are," he said.
Jefferson County Judge Jeff Branick, who will vote on any proposed social media policy for county employees, said he is willing to defend the right to express ideas, even when in disagreement.
Branick acknowledged comments made by employees working in different county offices could be deemed more damaging than others, complicating the idea of a uniform social media policy.
"I think that anybody ought to be able to express any opinions they want to express," Branick said. "They also need to be cognizant of the fact, that particularly when one works for a court as opposed to the county or district clerk, and the court is charged with fair administration of justice, maintaining the appearance of propriety and fair treatment, some of their posts can affect the public's perception of the court's fairness."
West's court, where Kloefkorn worked, handles criminal cases.
Social media policies are difficult to navigate, said Orange County District Attorney John Kimbrough.
Orange County officials suggested writing a new social media policy last year. The county's most recent policy was adopted in 2013.
It deals mostly with county associated accounts and requires employees to offer a disclaimer separating their views from the county's.
"You've got to kind of control what people do when they represent your office, but they have a First Amendment right to the expression of ideas," Kimbrough said. "It's a very difficult balance between those two things."
Hardin County's social media policy, which also requires employees to separate their personal views from the county's, says off-duty employees "may use (social media) to express their thoughts or promote their ideas as long as they do not conflict with County policies or business." It also says "ethnic slurs, personal insults or language that may be considered inflammatory should be avoided."
Kloefkorn, who did not respond to requests seeking comment, expressed anger in her post in the hours after three Louisiana law enforcement officers were gunned down and three others were injured in Baton Rouge.
Just 10 days earlier, a gunman killed five Dallas police officers and wounded nine others as a Black Lives Matter protest concluded.
These killings came after two black men were fatally shot by police, first Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge on July 5 and Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minnesota on July 6.
"With (Kloefkorn) being a public employee, the question comes down to whether that posting affects the government entity's job, or that court," Kennedy said.
BScott@BeaumontEnterprise.comTwitter.com/BrandonKScott
Opening up census data for research
InFuse, an online search facility for census data, is enabling tailored search and investigation of UK census statistics – opening new opportunities for aggregating and comparing population counts.
Impacts
InFuse data were used for the 'Smarter Travel' research project studying how 'smart choices' for sustainable travel could be implemented and supported in transport planning. The research directly influenced UK climate-change agendas and policy, including: the UK Committee on Climate Change recommendations on cost-effective-emission reductions the Scottish Government's targets and household advice for smarter travel the UK Government's Local Sustainable Transport Fund supporting 96 projects across England evaluations for numerous Local Authority Transport Plans across the UK.
The Integration Hub, a web resource that was launched by Demos in 2015 to provide data about ethnic integration in England and Wales, uses data from InFuse to populate its interactive maps of the UK.
Census data downloaded from InFuse informed the Welsh Government for policies to engage Gypsy and Traveller families in education, showing that over 60 per cent aged over 16 from these communities had no qualifications.
Executive recruitment firm Sapphire Partners used census data from InFuse in a report on female representation on boards, revealing that 77 per cent of FTSE board members are men, and 70 per cent of new board appointments go to men.
A study by the Marie Curie charity into the differing needs of Black, Asian and minority ethnic groups in Scotland for end-of-life care used InFuse to determine that the minority ethnic population in Scotland has doubled since 2001 from 100,000 to 200,000 – highlighting the need for greater and more appropriate provision.
A Knowledge Transfer Partnership between homelessness charity Llamau and Cardiff University used InFuse data to show that Welsh young homeless people participating in the study were over twice as likely to have left school with no qualifications compared to UK-wide figures for their age group and gender.
About the resource
UK census data are fundamental to improving the understanding of life in the UK, enabling informed decisions by providing relevant and independent statistics. In the past, analysis of UK census data has been constrained by the separation of data and metadata, limiting social science investigations and research. InFuse is one of a range of advanced search and exploration applications developed by the ESRC-funded UK Data Service Census Support team.
In November 2013, the data held in InFuse were made open to all, providing easy access to 'aggregate statistics' from the UK 2011 and 2001 Censuses (ie counts of the numbers of people and households with a particular set of characteristics). Combining data supplied by each of the three national statistical agencies into InFuse has widened the scope for research projects that require access to UK-level census aggregate data and those that compare areas across the UK. The opportunity for users to access these data from a single integrated system is a unique feature of InFuse, and access to data via InFuse underpins a wide range of research across the higher education, public policy and commercial sectors.
Usage of InFuse is increasing, with the majority of downloads coming from UK higher education institutions. Other users include local and central government, commercial organisations, the NHS, charities and non-profit organisations.
In this tutorial you'll learn how to render the above skeletal animation in your web browser using WebGL and a combination of small modules.
We'll first install our dependencies, and then go step by step through our code implementation.
We won't be diving into the math or shaders behind our skeletal animation, but we will be lightly introducing the larger systems that power it.
The goal of this tutorial is for you to walk away with a working skeletal animation, and a sense of how the pieces fit together.
So.. let's dive right in.
Our dependencies
First we'll create the directory for our tutorial project.
mkdir skeletal-animation-tutorial cd skeletal-animation-tutorial
We'll download the 3d model and texture that we'll be using for our animation. These were created by following Sebastian Lague's excellent Blender character creation tutorial.
curl -OL https://github.com/chinedufn/skeletal-animation-system \ /raw/8e5e9c247a5204b6fe20bc92d737f017fc64dc27/demo/webgl/asset \ /cowboy.dae > cowboy.dae
curl -OL https://github.com/chinedufn/skeletal-animation-system \ /raw/8e5e9c247a5204b6fe20bc92d737f017fc64dc27/demo/webgl/asset/ \ cowboy-texture.png > cowboy-texture.png
Let's convert our COLLADA .dae 3d model file into a JSON file that we'll be loading into our tutorial app.
npm install -g collada-dae-parser@0.11.2 && \ dae2json cowboy.dae > cowboy.json
Now we'll install the JavaScript modules that we need. We'll install specific versions of these modules so that we're sure that this tutorial will work even if these modules receive breaking updates in the future.
npm install keyframes-to-dual-quats@1.0.0 \ load-collada-dae@0.6.0 \ raf-loop@1.1.3 \ skeletal-animation-system@0.6.2
And lastly we'll install budo , a rapid prototyping tool that will make it easy for us to view our animation locally.
npm install -g budo
Great - we've installed all of our dependencies you will not need an internet connection for the remainder of the tutorial.
Implementing our animation
Alright now that we're all set up we can jump into writing some code.
You'll learn more if you follow along and type out the code yourself, but here's the tutorial's source on GitHub in case you get stuck.
Let's create our tutorial's JavaScript file.
touch tutorial.js
Now open up your empty tutorial.js file that you just created and in your favorite editor!
Creating a canvas
Create the canvas that we'll be rendering our animation onto.
var canvas = document . createElement ( 'canvas' ) canvas . width = 400 canvas . height = 400 var gl = canvas . getContext ( 'webgl' ) gl . enable ( gl . DEPTH_TEST )
Adding controls
Next we'll create the slider that will control our animation's playback speed. Dragging this slider will make our model walk in slow or fast motion.
var playbackSlider = document . createElement ( 'input' ) playbackSlider . type = 'range' playbackSlider . min = 0 playbackSlider . max = 2 playbackSlider . step = 0.01 playbackSlider . value = 1 playbackSlider . style . display = 'block'
We'll also create a span to display our playback speed.
var speedDisplay = document . createElement ( 'span' ) speedDisplay . innerHTML = 'Playback Speed: 100%'
Let's now track our playback speed in a variable that we update whenever we drag our slider.
var playbackSpeed = 1 playbackSlider . oninput = function () { playbackSpeed = playbackSlider . value speedDisplay . innerHTML = 'Playback Speed: ' + ( playbackSpeed * 100 ). toFixed ( 0 ) + '%' }
So far we've created the DOM elements that will power our (slightly) interactive animation. Now we'll insert them into the page.
var demoLocation = document . querySelector ( '#skeletal-animation-tutorial' ) || document . body demoLocation . appendChild ( canvas ) demoLocation . appendChild ( playbackSlider ) demoLocation . appendChild ( speedDisplay )
Setting up our 3d model
Earlier in the tutorial we converted our COLLADA file into a JSON file. We'll pull this file in and prepare it for usage.
var cowboyJSON = require ( './cowboy.json' ) var keyframesToDualQuats = require ( 'keyframes-to-dual-quats' ) cowboyJSON . keyframes = keyframesToDualQuats ( cowboyJSON . keyframes )
cowboyJSON.keyframes had a bunch of 4x4 matrices that represent all of our 3d model's bones at any given keyframe. We convert these matrices into dual quaternions.
The mathematical reasons for this are outside of the scope of this tutorial, but suffice it to say using dual quaternions helps with preventing our 3d model from getting oddly stretched and deformed when we're interpolating between different keyframes.
Next we'll load up our model's texture and then once that texture loads we'll buffer our model's data onto the GPU.
var cowboyModel var texture = new window . Image () texture . onload = function () { // We buffer our 3d model data on the GPU // so that we can later draw it var loadCollada = require ( 'load-collada-dae' ) cowboyModel = loadCollada ( gl , cowboyJSON , { texture : texture }) gl . useProgram ( cowboyModel . shaderProgram ) } texture . src = '/cowboy-texture.png'
We now have everything that we need to render our 3d model, so we'll start up a render loop.
In our loop we'll first calculate where we want all of our model's joints to be based on the current time.
We'll then draw our model with it's joints in these newly calculated locations.
var secondsElapsed = 0 var renderLoop = require ( 'raf-loop' ) var animationSystem = require ( 'skeletal-animation-system' ) renderLoop ( function ( millisecondsSinceLastRender ) { if ( cowboyModel ) { // Add the rest of the tutorial code here } }). start ()
Implementing our render loop
The rest of our tutorial's code will go inside of the render loop that we just set up.
We'll first set up the uniform data that we'll later pass into our model's shader.
var uniforms = { // per-vertex lighting uUseLighting : true , uAmbientColor : [ 1 , 0.9 , 0.9 ], // NOTE: This lighting direction needs to be a normalized vector uLightingDirection : [ 1 , 0 , 0 ], uDirectionalColor : [ 1 , 0 , 0 ], // Move the model back 27 units so we can see it uMVMatrix : [ 1 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 1 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 1 , 0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , - 27.0 , 1 ], uPMatrix : require ( 'gl-mat4/perspective' )([], Math . PI / 4 , 400 / 400 , 0.1 , 100 ) }
Now we'll use skeletal-animation-system to calculate all of our model's joint's dual quaternions for our current time.
Notice that we use our playbackSpeed to modify how quickly we increment our secondsElapsed which allows us to slow down or speed up our animation's playback speed using our playbackSlider .
secondsElapsed += millisecondsSinceLastRender * playbackSpeed / 1000 var interpolatedJoints = animationSystem . interpolateJoints ({ currentTime : secondsElapsed , keyframes : cowboyJSON . keyframes , jointNums : [ 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 , 17 ], currentAnimation : { range : [ 6 , 17 ], startTime : 0 } }). joints
Now that we have our interpolated joints we'll add them to our skeletal animation shader's uniforms.
for ( var i = 0 ; i < 18 ; i ++ ) { uniforms [ 'boneRotQuaternions' + i ] = interpolatedJoints [ i ]. slice ( 0 , 4 ) uniforms [ 'boneTransQuaternions' + i ] = interpolatedJoints [ i ]. slice ( 4 , 8 ) }
And last but not least, we call our draw function. This passes all of our uniform data above to the GPU and then uses it to draw our animated model.
cowboyModel . draw ({ attributes : cowboyModel . attributes , uniforms : uniforms })
And there you have it. With any luck you now have the code to render a skeletal animation in your browser.
Run budo --open --live --host=127.0.0.1 tutorial.js to view your work!
Good job!
What would you like to learn next? Let me know on Twitter!
Til' next time,
- CFN
Right at this very second, it's an exciting time to be in the hairdressing industry. With creative colouring and cutting on the ...
Right at this very second, it's an exciting time to be in the hairdressing industry. With creative colouring and cutting on the rise, I have to say that I truly do miss working in a salon. I was always fascinated by colours, by the almost infinite possibilities.
But, at the risk of sounding old, back in my day it was all about those highlights, lowlights, long layers and even feathers around the face. On the odd occasion you might have gotten someone asking for a slice of purple, which was considered quite wacky 9 or 10 years ago. All I knew of at the time was Paintbox by Fudge, and that all of the household brands didn't really offer much.
Despite my blossoming love for all things colour, I positively dreaded the day a client with jet black hair would come in asking for blonde streaks. You were never really sure how it would turn out colourwise, and worse still, there was always the fear that the hair would become so damaged, it'd simply break off.
But now that more and more people are pushing the boundaries and breaking the monopoly that black, brown, blonde and red have had over hair colour since the dawn of time, it makes sense for someone to look at all the issues commonly faced by hairdressers and develop a solution that makes things much easier and less fraught with fear. Thankfully, some super-clever people did just that, and they gave birth to Olaplex.
Back in 2014, I came across it whilst it was still only available in the US. The noises coming from across the pond were less "OH MY GOD WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO MY BEAUTIFUL HAIR?" and more "OH MY GOD IT LOOKS SO GOOD I'M GONNA CRY!"
It didn't take too long before a few salons on this side of the pond introduced the treatment on to their menus, great news for me as I really wanted to try it out. I also noticed whilst in Tromso, Norway, at the end of 2015 there was a salon there offering Olaplex treatments - it's gone international now! But whilst going International is obviously a good sign, after all, someone out there must be liking it, that in itself doesn't necessarily mean that it's any good.
What the heck is Olaplex?
As Olaplex state: " Olaplex is free of silicones, sulfates, phthalates, DEA, aldehydes and gluten and is never tested on animals. Olaplex reconnects broken disulfide sulfur bonds in the hair. Hair bonds are broken during thermal, mechanical and chemical services."
Don't confuse this with a simple protein treatment though, Olaplex doesn't add protein to the hair. It's much, much more than that. As Olaplex themselves say, it is supposed to reconnect the broken bonds, and these broken bonds are what leads to breakage in the bleaching process. Basically, if it's half as good as what they claim, it's halfway to be a miracle.
So of course I purchased the Olaplex Travel Kit, which comes with relatively small bottles of all three steps, conveniently named: No 1, No 2 and No 3.
No1 and No2 are to be used by trained professionals in the salon. No 1 is mixed in with your bleach or other chemical service products, and you simply apply this mixture to the sections or areas of the hair you wish to lighten as you usually would. As your hair lightens, normally your hair will weaken because some of the chemical bonds will break, so adding in the right amount of Olaplex No 1 should help to reduce that. Once your hair has developed and you've reached your goal colour, rinse out the bleach/Olaplex mix and then apply No 2.
If using Olaplex when lightening the hair though, you need to understand that the additional strength it's giving to your bonds is actually making the bleach less effective. So you'll find that you need to take the peroxide up a notch. Taking myself as an example, I use 6% Peroxide or 20 Vols. If I were to use Olaplex, I'd need to move up to 9% Peroxide or 30 Vols, ensuring that the correct ratio is used, as directed by Olaplex. I'm yet to use it for bleaching, as I'm currently waiting for my roots to grow out a little more.
The No 3 treatment is more aimed at retail customers and can be easily purchased from any salon offering Olaplex, as it's the take home treatment.
The BOND STRENGTHENING TREATMENT
If you have no real interest in bleaching your hair at home though, that's not necessarily reason to dismiss Olaplex No 1 and No 2 just yet, as it has another application too. It can be used as a standalone treatment, or as Olaplex call it - the Bond Strengthening Treatment. And that's what I've used it for, at home, in the tub!
It's done in 2 stages, and goes a little something like this:
STEP ONE
I mixed 10ml of Olaplex No 1 with 90ml of warm water. Conveniently enough, Olaplex No 1 comes with a handy little measuring cap which you can attach in place of the lid (as pictured). Once the measuring cap is on, you simply squeeze the bottle until the level on the cap shows as 10ml. Easy. As for the water, a measuring jug will do. Next, you pour the Olaplex No 1 and the water into a non-spray applicator bottle.
Note here that it's tempting to think about using a spray bottle to apply, as the consistency of the mixture is pretty much water, but please resist that temptation. Although Olaplex is non-toxic, using a spray bottle with any kind of product of this nature could potentially irritate the lungs.
Before applying any of the Olaplex No 1 treatment to my hair, I gave it a good shampoo, twice, to get rid of any build up and get the hair squeaky clean ready for the Olaplex magic. Once that's over with, blot out the excess water and towel dry your hair until it's just damp.
Now your hair is ready for the treatment, you can start applying the mixture all over the hair, including the root area ensuring the hair is fully saturated. Make sure you focus on any troublesome areas where there's most damage to the hair, and also ensure you use up all of your mixture. You'll find that once you've applied the whole lot to your hair, it'll be dripping wet. GOOD STUFF!
Now, this next bit might make some of my fellow unicorns and mermaids recoil in sheer terror. You're gonna have to comb it through your hair. I'll let that thought sink in for a moment or two.
Trust me though, there's nothing to fear. Now that you have Olaplex on your hair, you'll find that combing simply isn't an issue. I used a wide-tooth comb, and recommend you do too, and found that the comb went through my hair like a hot knife through butter - no tugging whatsoever. WINNING!
Olaplex suggest leaving this on for "5 minutes or so", and the 'or so' bit is key here. No need to get out a stopwatch or use your iPhone's clock app, in fact I actually left it on for hours with a shower cap over my hair to keep it nice and moist.
STEP TWO
After a couple of hours of Olaplex No 1 doing it's thing with my bonds, I whipped off the shower cap and got ready to apply Olaplex No 2. We're going to apply Olaplex No 2 right on top of Olaplex No 1, so there's no need to rinse anything off just yet. Simply apply a generous amount of No 2 on to the hair and massage it in. Whilst No 1 felt all runny and watery, No 2 has a completely different consistency - it's very thick and creamy, like conditioner. Once you've massaged it all throughout the hair, give it another cheeky comb through.
Olaplex say to leave this on for a minimum of 10 minutes. If your hair is extremely damaged, they just recommend leaving it on longer. Each time I've used it, it's getting pretty close to bed time, so I just pop my shower cap back on, wear a turban above that and go to sleep with it in my hair.
THE VERDICT
Now I'm a curious combination of raw cynic and eternal optimist, so whilst I was hoping it would have worked miracles over night, my cynical side wasn't quite so sure. The next morning I rinsed it all off in the shower and immediately I felt that it had given some much-needed slip to my hair whilst rinsing off. Optimist was feeling optimistic, but cynicist was wondering whether it had actually repaired any of those bonds.
After rinsing in the shower comes blow-drying, though not in the shower, and please don't try this. Ever! But seriously, blow-drying was the first big test for Olaplex. As anyone who's ever died their hair can attest to, looking at the brush after blow-drying is a painful experience, all those broken follicles clung to it just isn't nice. But now it felt like blow-drying was a breeze, and my hair felt swishy, moveable and weightless. Not attributes you could ever associate with bleached hair, but something we all want and crave so, so badly.
Olaplex state that the Bond Strengthening Treatment is like a 'reset' button for the hair, and that you need to keep using it until your hair has reached its former glory. I'd say that before using, my hair was not in the worst condition it's ever been in. Maybe a year or so ago, before I switched to using 6% or 20 VOL peroxide and cut down on heat styling it was in a terrible state. Even after making those changes, my hair is still damaged and breakage still occurs more than I'd like it to. I wanted to roll back the years with my hair's condition, so Olaplex seemed like the best chance of me doing that.
I've used this treatment four or five times now, and it's my opinion that Olaplex No 1 and No 2 have made a huge difference. I find much less hair in my brush and comb, the hair is actually much easier to comb through and it looks and feels a lot thicker than it used to. That's not to say that Olaplex has thickened the hair, it's just reduced the breakage to the extent my hair is starting to fill back out again. Over and above that, my hair feels silky smooth again.
I'm not sure if the Olaplex treatment works on mushy, gummy hair - another issue that most folk with bleached hair will have had countless battles with - and to be honest, I really hope I never have to experience that again! If however, your hair is mushy or gummy, I don't see the harm in trying this out, aside from the cost of buying the stuff!
Olaplex has been described as being revolutionary, and whilst I'd love to say that it is, based on how I've used it so far, I can't. My hair is in much better condition, but I've used a product similar in nature to the Bond Strengthening Treatment before - L'Oréal's Fiberceutic Treatment , which has been classed as botox for the hair. Both treatments are applied over two steps, both can be left on over night and both give similar results. Both results also last well until you start torturing your coloured hair again with heat stylers and further chemical treatments.
Also, I don't want to appear to be harsh on Olaplex, because I really like the idea of it, and I have researched the story behind the product and it's truly fascinating how it came about, but once you've damaged your hair, you can never get that same hair back to how it was. You can try all the treatments under the sun, but I feel that you'll never quite get it back to 100% - but it certainly doesn't mean you shouldn't try!
Prevention is always better than cure though, and that's probably where Olaplex can be revolutionary. Mixing in No 1 with your bleach, and using it that way could prevent the hair being damaged in the first place. If that does turn out to be the case, you'd better believe I'll be shouting it from the rooftops.
Next time, I'll be taking the plunge using Olaplex No 1 with the bleach. The only thing is, it means I'll have to go back to the 9% or 30 VOL peroxide which so badly damaged my hair in the first place. If Olaplex passes that test, then it can be rightfully hailed as the miracle product it's so hyped up to be.
**HERE ** to view a whole host of Olaplex products. to view a whole host of Olaplex products. The Traveling kit lasts quite a long time, as you don't really need to use a lot of it, I bought it for £100, but the cheapest I could find it for now is £79.75 from Amazon. Click
Update: I've now used Olaplex No. 1 and No. 2 with bleach, see how it went down HERE (hint: it's freaking awesome!)
Save
Save
The facial animations in Mass Effect: Andromeda have been the subject of mockery and ridicule in the recent past, with many bashing characters' expressions, shoddy transitions and body movements, and the seeming stock, stiff dialogue. But now, there may be an explanation to the abundance of visual issues: BioWare apparently outsourced animations to various other studios.
Gaming historian Liam Robertson, known on YouTube as the “Game History Guy,” recently spoke with a few BioWare employees, who revealed that the company sought out external studios to create facial animations for Mass Effect: Andromeda. In a video posted to his channel, Robertson delved into the alleged outsourcing and the confusion as to why the title even had animation troubles in the first place. Echoing many fans' thoughts, Robertson questioned, “Why in a huge, triple A game like this, with a multimillion-dollar budget, were some of the characters and animations not given more attention?”
According to the information Robertson gathered, BioWare apparently relied too heavily on a technology known as Cyberscan to create the game's animations. The tech cuts out the middle man in animation by using digital mapping to track a human subject and render a 3D model, which serves as the foundation for an actual character inside the game. Allegedly, BioWare chose this route rather than enlisting artists to manually sculpt models for Mass Effect: Andromeda.
Robertson mentioned that while Cyberscan technology is a helpful alternative, it isn't enough to create high-quality game assets, at least not without additional artist input. Human faces in particular require fine-tuning after scans are complete, as capturing the intricacies of their expression isn't something that can usually be done in a single step.
The BioWare staff members Robertson spoke to admitted that one of Mass Effect: Andromeda‘s largest mistakes was not employing expert artists to offer a steady hand in refining facial animations. Instead, BioWare allegedly outsourced. One Andromeda artist explained to Robertson that the majority of human characters were handled by out-of-house studios. Reportedly, the only subjects “given much attention by BioWare's in-house art team were hard-surface assets like environments and ships,” such as the Nomad vehicle, “as well as select robot and alien characters.”
Much to the dismay of BioWare's artists, initial human character scans were shipped out elsewhere. Robertson's sources unanimously agreed that the decision to outsource these animations was one made by BioWare's management team. These staffers allegedly “outsourced almost all the work on human characters to external teams associated with Electronic Arts.” Robertson mentioned that most of the studios in question are still a mystery, but one of his sources at EA suggested that EA Bucharest in Romania helmed a large portion of the outsourced work.
If proven true, the allegations of BioWare outsourcing Mass Effect: Andromeda animations would certainly help explain why so many players have been experiencing issues. However, for a considerable number of gamers out there, the hiccups inside Andromeda stretch far beyond twitchy eyelids and awkward gaits. Players have been dealing with multiplayer matchmaking lags and PC launch troubles, and there has been some controversy surrounding the game's romance options as well.
BioWare is slated to address the Mass Effect community concerns during an event on Tuesday, April 4. It seems the outsourcing allegations are yet another pressing matter the company will eventually need to comment on, but perhaps Andromeda‘s laundry list of other issues are the bigger fish to fry.
Mass Effect: Andromeda is available now for PC, PS4, and Xbox One.
Source: YouTube – Liam Robertson
Audi and Porsche, beware Range Rover is coming for you.
On Wednesday, Land Rover's premium SUV brand released a teaser photo of its upcoming Velar off-roader.
The image of the Velar shows a panoramic glass roof with a large infotainment system peeking through.
In addition, the rear end of the SUV features an integrated spoiler, wraparound taillights, and a host of other styling cues pulled from various Range Rover models.
According to the folks at Range Rover, the Velar will be positioned between the compact Evoque and the midsize Sport.
As a result, the Velar allows Range Rover to close the $24,000 price gap between the $42,000 Evoque and the $66,000 Sport, putting the brand in a better position to hold onto customers looking for a $50,000 to $60,000 option.
In addition, the Velar gives Range Rover a true head-to-head competitor for Audi's second-generation Q5 and Porsche's hot-selling Macan — not to mention the stunning F-PACE from sister brand Jaguar.
The Velar, which takes its name from Range Rover's original development prototypes from the 1960s, will be officially unveiled on March 1, ahead of the 2017 Geneva motor show.
Julian Oliver has for years harbored a strange obsession with spotting poorly disguised cellphone towers, those massive roadside antennae draped in fake palm fronds to impersonate a tree, or even hidden as spoofed lamp posts and flag poles. The incognito base stations gave him another, more mischievous idea. What about a far better-disguised cell tower that could sit anonymously in office, invisibly hijacking cellphone conversations and texts?
Earlier this week, the Berlin-based hacker-artist unveiled the result: An entirely boring-looking Hewlett Packard printer that also secretly functions as a rogue GSM cell base station, tricking your phone into connecting to it rather than your phone carrier's tower, effectively intercepting your calls and text messages.
“For quite some time I've had an interest in this bizarre uncanny design practice of disguising cell towers as other things like trees,” says Oliver. “So I decided to build one into a printer, the most ubiquitous of indoor flora, and have it actually antagonize people's implicit trust in these technologies.”
Oliver's fake printer, which he calls the Stealth Cell Tower, could potentially eavesdrop on the voice calls and SMS messages of any phone that's fooled into automatically connecting to it. Since it sits indoors near its victims, Oliver says it can easily overpower the signal of real, outdoor cell towers. But instead of spying, the printer merely starts a text message conversation with the phone, pretending to be an unidentified contact with a generic message like “Come over when you're ready,” or the more playful “I'm printing the details for you now.” If the confused victim writes back, the printer spits out their response on paper as a creepy proof of concept. It's also programmed to make calls to connected phones and, if the owner answers, to play an mp3 of the Stevie Wonder song “I Just Called to Say I Love You.” After five minutes, the printer drops its connection with the phone and allows it to reconnect to a real cell tower.
Oliver's creation isn't intended merely to stage an elaborate office prank. He wants to demonstrate the inherent privacy flaws of the cellular connections our phones depend on. His Stealth Cell Tower, after all, is no different from the devices known as IMSI catchers, or “stingrays,” that police use to hijack cellphone connections and spy on and track criminal suspects. “GSM is so broken and phones are so desperate to get hooked up that they'll just hop onto anything that looks like a cell tower,” Oliver says. “IMSI catchers are most commonly deployed at protests. It's worrying, when you're looking at activist movements organizing themselves over SMS and calls.”
Instead, he says, his mischievous printer should serve as a reminder to the paranoid to end-to-end encrypt their communications. He recommends the free encryption app Signal. “My project is intentionally built to humiliate GSM in a sense,” says Oliver. “It's broken, and we need to encrypt our stuff end-to-end.”
Oliver built his spy printer from easy-to-buy hardware: A Raspberry Pi minicomputer, a BladeRF software-defined radio, two GSM antennae and of course, a Hewlett Packard Laserjet 1320 printer. He's also released the code for Stealth Cell Tower on his website.
But don't try this hacker trick at home—or at the office. Oliver admits his printer would break plenty of laws if used without certain safeguards. In the US, for instance, it likely violates the Wiretap Act and Federal Communications Commission regulations. Civil rights groups have even alleged that Baltimore Police broke the law when they used the same IMSI catching technique on criminal suspects.
Oliver says that if he eventually displays the printer in a gallery or museum, he'll consult his lawyers and post warnings that anyone who enters the room consents to have their phone's communications intercepted.
“The whole idea is to lure a phone over to an object in the room for this brief encounter, to create an unsettling, critical break,” says Oliver. “If you don't want your phone to behave oddly, you should turn it off.”
Listing image by Julian Oliver
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Real former governor Mike Huckabee (R-AK) took the gloves off when he showed a clip of half-term governor Sarah Palin endorsing pot from Fox News' Freedom Watch Show.
Palin got carried away with her free-wheelin' AIP secessionist style, because saying pot is OK if you do it in your own home is a major political gaffe of epic proportions for any politician, let alone a law and order conservative. Pot was, of course, legal at one time in Alaska and Palin has admitted to smoking it, “I can't claim a Bill Clinton and say I never inhaled.” Indeed, Ms. Palin
Watch here:
www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_XitNJOSGs….
While talking about the legalization of marijauna, Palin said, “If we're talking about pot, I'm not for the legalization of pot, because I think that would just encourage, especially our young people, to think that it is okay to go ahead and use it, and I'm not an advocate for that. However, I think that we need to prioritize our law enforcement efforts, and if somebody is going to smoke a joint in their house and not do anybody else any harm, perhaps there are other things that our cops should be looking at to engage in, and try to clean up some of the other problems that we have in society that are appropriate for law enforcement to do, and not concentrate on such a, relatively speaking, minimal problem that we have in the country.”
This forth-rightness on her part is really one of her more genuine moments, albeit perhaps unintentionally — but it does show the sort of candid realness that she sold to Alaskans fed up with the corruption of the Republican machine in Alaska. This is one of those moments that in a state smaller than many American cities, can play as charming and mavericky — but on a national level, is a disaster. One wonders why it didn't occur to her that the man questioning her, leading her to the guillotine, is a man who would very much like to see her fail. Miserably.
I can see the 30 second ad now. Her opponent cuts out all the stuff about her being opposed to legalization and shows the clip of her saying that law enforcement has better things to do than bust someone who is smoking a joint in their house. (I do wonder if the she is referring to happens to live in Wasilla, Alaska). It is absolutely forbidden according to the Gospel of Reagan for a Republican to be soft on drugs. It doesn't matter if Palin's comments made some sense, and might have been the most lucid thing that she has said in months. (I can't believe that I just typed that). Republicans JUST SAY NO, and by saying maybe just one joint, Palin hurt herself with the social and evangelical conservatives that she is so desperately courting.
For someone who's been busy playing the party line ever since she was picked in 2008 as McCain's running mate, this was an odd departure. Perhaps it represents Palin's idea of running her own PR. Knowing Palin's paranoia, it's easy to understand how she continuously leans on herself and her entourage of enablers rather than listen to the harsh words of experienced political operatives. Still, if it weren't for her utterly proud ignorance about legislation, our government, and almost every issue (save this one) that I care about, I can almost see what her flock thinks they see in her. She's spunky alright.
And speaking of spunky, Huckabee mocked Palin for appearing high, drawing unwanted attention to her manic behavior. Sure, Palin is a pitbull with lipstick, but she can't handle it when she's not in control. And she most definitely was not in control during this episode, which came soon after the Bill O'Reilly melt down (an episode so fraught with an eminent breakdown on Palin's part, it was painful to watch).
Her fellow potential 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee responded with a joke that implied that Palin is soft on drugs, “After Sarah Palin made these comments, she then produced a gram of coke from her purse and did line after line on the glass table.” Huckabee's shot at Palin demonstrates why it is bad politics for any potential candidate, Democratic or Republican to look soft on drugs. Palin made a huge gaffe that is certain to come back to haunt her if she runs for the Republican nomination in 2012.
h/t to Crystalwolf
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
With hordes of eclipse chasers expected to pull out their phones to share the memorable experience next week, wireless carriers are deploying temporary mobile cell towers in Oregon and Idaho to boost capacity in the path of the solar eclipse.
But while the move is welcome, it may not be enough to prevent overloaded networks.
Sprint, AT&T, T-Mobile and Verizon have each brought in a capacity booster to Madras in central Oregon—the center of eclipse mania. The temporary cell towers poke out of trailers on wheels and are secured with lots of guy wires.
Other places getting a temporary boost from a so-called "cell on wheels" include Bend (Verizon) and Mitchell (AT&T) also in central Oregon, Silverton (Sprint) and Salem (T-Mobile) in the Willamette Valley and Idaho Falls (AT&T), upper Snake River Valley (T-Mobile) and Rexburg, Idaho (Sprint).
"We're continuing to evaluate other locations where mobile cell sites and additional capacity might be needed to ensure our customers have a great experience," Sprint spokesman John Votava wrote in an email Monday. "We are not anticipating any outages."
But the emergency services manager for the Deschutes County Sheriff's Office still warns visitors to be prepared for their cell phones not to work.
"It's important to recognize the limitations of rural areas," Nathan Garibay said by phone from the sheriff's office in Bend.
"In instances of heavy congestion, customers are encouraged to send SMS text messages instead of voice calls," Votava said.
City of Madras Public Works Director Jeff Hurd said he and his staff made sure to have backup radio channels for communication available, but he was still glad to see the temporary cell towers arrive.
"My first reaction when I heard they were bringing them was, 'Oh, good!' That is a good thing," Hurd said. "We need those because everyone relies on cell phone services."
The wireless industry has invented funny acronyms for mobile cell sites. The cell on wheels trailers are known as COWs, which sometimes are augmented by cell on light trucks, or COLTs.
"While our COWs may not jump over the moon, they will keep you connected," AT&T Senior VP of Network Planning and Engineering Scott Mair wrote in a blog post Monday. "We expect that these deployments will boost capacity by an average of 160 percent.”
Other times you may see COWs leave their barns are at heavily-attended football games or after natural disasters.
Unsuspecting iTunes users in Russia trying to download foreign (to them) films like Amelie and Blade Runner instead got an eyeful of scantily clad ladies selling everything from salacious toys to erotic encounters.
An unfortunate bug in the launch of iTunes in Russia served up unexpected XXX content for Russian users. The pornographic bug compiled content from porn sites and escort services and displayed it in the “more films in different languages” section of iTunes.
The content came from the xxx.xxx domain, the directory for the .xxx domain, so it should not have posed any sort of security risk.
iPhones.ru thinks the iTunes team may have put some temporary xx.xx.xx placeholder links in the code that didn't actually act as placeholders. Oops.
Lookout Mobile Security's lead iOS developer Jørgen Tjernø thought this was the case as well. He noted it was the responsibility of the iTunes management team, not the developers though, to switch out the placeholder with an actual link when iTunes launched in the country.
"In general, linking to sites you control yourself, to domains you own, is a much better [placeholder] practice to ensure content isn't shady or ends up being shady," Tjernø told Wired.
We risked the ire of the HR folks when we tried to replicate the issue, but it appears Apple put a quick stop to it.
via 9to5 Mac
Additional reporting by Roberto Baldwin
How quickly the sins of the past are forgotten.
Roughly 10 years ago, a Mexican immigrant working as a strawberry picker in Bakersfield, California, making $14,000 per year, was lent every single penny he needed to purchase a $720,000 home. And, as crazy as that sounds to most of us, stories such as that were all too common leading up to the 2008 housing crash as everyone, and their brothers, became expert real estate investors buying and flipping multiple houses every month...which worked really well, until it didn't.
Now, and quite unfortunately for those of us that prefer not to day-trade our primary residence, America's home flippers are making a come back. According to a new study from Trulia, home flips accounted for 6.1% of all U.S. home sales in 2016, which is the highest share since 2006, when flips accounted for 7.3% of sales.
As Bloomberg points out, the cities where home flipping seems to be the most pervasive are all the same ones that suffered the biggest boom/bust during the last cycle. Perhaps we could suggest that the people of Las Vegas need to just do all their gambling INSIDE the casinos from now on.
Of course, rising home prices are responsible for luring Americans back into the home flipping game...because everyone gets to look like a genius real estate investor in a rising market.
Flipping has become more common as home prices have increased, said Ralph McLaughlin, chief economist at Trulia. Whether that's cause for concern is an open question. Local housing market investors can bid up prices in a speculative frenzy, as recent history has shown. When flippers crowd into a market, meanwhile, they compete with buyers seeking a home to live in, deferring the availability of listings and pushing homes out of some buyers' price range. But flippers can also provide a valuable service to the housing market by investing in needed improvements that owner-occupiers might not have time for, McLaughlin said. Trulia's report shows that flippers in Las Vegas are seeking building permits at the highest rate since 2000, suggesting that they're making substantial repairs and not simply buying homes to ride local price appreciation. "Is the market going to flip out again?" he said. "I don't think the signs are there yet."
But maybe it will all work out this time around. After all, as a Bear Stearns RMBS trader told us back in 2007, "these structures will never break because home prices have never fallen more than a few percent in the history of the United States"...well, except that one time that they did.
One exhibit, the mummified remains of Asru, a chantress at the Temple of Amun in Karnak, has been seen unwrapped for 120 years.
But now, along with the partially-wrapped male mummy of Khary and a child mummy, it is being covered after calls for more respect and dignity to be shown to the ancient remains at Manchester Museum.
They will stay covered from head-to-toe during a consultation period, during which the museum in Oxford Road, Manchester, is asking for the public's views.
Critics have branded the decision 'politically correct rubbish' that will make the museum a 'laughing stock'. The museum's collections of ancient Egyptian artefacts is world renowned and one of the largest in Britain.
Bob Partridge, chairman of Manchester Ancient Egypt Society, said the move was 'absolutely incomprehensible'.
He said: "We are shocked and amazed this has been done in advance of any 'results' from the public consultation.
"The mummies have always been sensitively displayed and have been educational and informative to generations of visitors to the museum.
"We hope the decision will be reversed. If not, it will be a sad time for Egyptology in Manchester and indeed the UK.
"I find it astounding the museum covers the mummies, when in the same building it holds the much publicised exhibition of the uncovered body of Lindow Man.
"Lindow Man died a violent death and it could be argued this could be more upsetting to visitors than the mummies."
Nick Merriman, the museum's director, said: "We get a regular stream of feedback from people saying it is insensitive to display unwrapped mummies. We are trying to follow government guidelines about how they should be displayed with respect and sensitivity. If the overwhelming opinion of the public is that they want the mummies unwrapped, we would have to take that very seriously."
He added that the body of Lindow Man, the north west's iconic archaeological find, is displayed in the way it was found in Lindow Moss bog, near Wilmslow.
He said: "The mummies were not deposited unwrapped in the ground."
The museum has asked for feedback on its website, which has sparked a fierce debate.
One person said: "Do those who dream up such policies even consider who pays their wages? Totally misguided."
Another person wrote: "Cover up mummies and human remains? What utter rubbish."
Of the supportive comments one said: "I think the museum should be applauded in being experimental."
A message from George L Mutter, MD, associate professor of pathology at Harvard Medical School, said: "For decades Manchester Museum has been a leader in the scientific study of human mummies. The decision to hide the mummies from view is a step backwards."
As far as contemporary American politics and government go, the general rule when it comes to making Nazi comparisons is don't make Nazi comparisons.
U.S. Rep. Randy Weber, R-Texas ignored this rule Monday night, tweeting:
“Even Adolph [sic] Hitler thought it more important than Obama to get to Paris. (For all the wrong reasons.) Obama couldn't do it for right reasons.''
Weber was referring to the decision by the White House not to attend the massive rally in Paris attended by more than 1 million people and world leaders from Europe and Africa in solidarity after the terrorist attacks. President Barack Obama did not attend, but did visit the French embassy last week after the attack, which was called a “rather exceptional gesture'' by the French president's head of communications.
Advertisement
The White House apologized Monday morning for not sending “someone with a higher profile'' to the rally. It took only hours for Weber to fulfill Godwin's Law, referring to Adolf Hitler's tour of Paris in 1940 after the Nazis invaded and occupied France during WWII. More than 560,000 French citizens died during the war.
Weber also misspelled “Adolf,'' completing the public relations blunder double of spelling error and Nazi comparison. And all in 140 characters or fewer.
This isn't the first time Weber has taken fire for his social media criticism of the president. Nearly a year ago, after Obama signed an executive order raising the minimum wage of federal contractors to $10.10 an hour, Weber called Obama on Twitter a “Socialist dictator'' and “Kommandant-In-Chef.'' I could be wrong on this, but I'm pretty sure Obama actually has his own “Kommandant-in-Chef.''
Weber represents Texas' 14th Congressional District and was reelected to his second term in November, defeating Democratic challenge Don Brown by more than 25 percent of the vote.
Update:
Weber sent out an apology statement to media, tweeted by CNN's Jake Tapper, which said, “I need to first apologize for my tweet. It was not my intention to trivialize the Holocaust nor to compare the President to Adolf Hitler. The mention of Hitler was meant to represent the face of evil that still exists in the world today. I now realize that the use of Hitler invokes pain and emotional trauma for those affected by the atrocities of the Holocaust and victims of anti-Semitism and hate.''
Advertisement
Weber's full statement can be read below:
Here's part 2 of @TXRandy14 apology for Hitler/Obama tweet pic.twitter.com/NcmJa4St1A — Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) January 13, 2015
Weber has since deleted the original tweet from his account.
Contexter is a full replacement of the contextlib [1] standard library module. It comes with more features, a nicer API and full support for Python 2.5 up to 3.x from a single source file.
To keep it short: Contexter allows you to nest and stack context managers in an easy and intuitive way.
Enough talk, let's see an example:
''' Copy the content of one file to another and protect everything with a lock. ''' with Contexter ( lock ) as ctx : in_file = ctx << open ( 'a.txt' ) out_file = ctx << open ( 'b.txt' , 'w' ) out_file . write ( in_file . read ())
Look at that. It's beautiful, isn't it? Let me explain: You call Contexter() with any number of context managers as arguments and later attach additional managers with the neat value = ctx << thing syntax. That's it. Only one level of indentation, no matter how many managers you need.
Just for comparison:
# Python 2.5 and 2.6 with lock : with open ( 'a.txt' ) as in_file : with open ( 'b.txt' , 'w' ) as out_file : out_file . write ( in_file . read ()) # Starting with Python 2.7 and 3.2 with lock , open ( 'a.txt' ) as in_file , open ( 'b.txt' , 'w' ) as out_file : out_file . write ( in_file . read ()) # Deprecated since Python 2.7 and 3.2 with contextlib . nested ( lock , open ( 'a.txt' ), open ( 'b.txt' , 'w' )) as values : in_file , out_file = values out_file . write ( in_file . read ()) # Since Python 3.3 (not backported to 2.7) with contextlib . ExitStack () as stack : stack . enter_context ( lock ) in_file = stack . enter_context ( open ( 'a.txt' )) out_file = stack . enter_context ( open ( 'b.txt' , 'w' )) out_file . write ( in_file . read ())
Replacing contextlib.closing [3] Just forget about it. Contexter turns close-able objects into context managers automatically.
Replacing contextlib.ExitStack [4] Contexter offeres everything contextlib.ExitStack does (and more). If you want a drop-in replacement that also works for Python 2.x and 3.2, you can use our backported ExitStack , a subclass of Contexter that is API compatible to the contextlib variant.
Replacing everything else from contextlib If you really want to stick with the standard API, you can. Contexter implements all public APIs from contextlib and backports new features as soon as they are introduced.
Chillingly plausible single-player campaign with frontlines based on real-life towns, suburbs and cities in America, Europe and the USSR.
Attain full command of four different roles  Air, Armor, Infantry & Support  in the ultimate team-based multiplayer experience.
Level an entire battlefield with powerful artillery barrages, scorching napalm strikes, and devastating tactical nukes.
The Soviet Assault expansion features 6 new single missions, a bevy of new weapons, and even more explosive World War III action.
World War III rages and a Soviet-led army has launched a surprise attack on the U.S.A. Command your troops into fast-paced battles fought on a fully destructible battle-field. Strategy meets intense action in this epic clash of Super Powers!The AWARD-WINNING WORLD IN CONFLICT® showed us what it would've been like if the Cold War erupted into World War III. In the original, you'll play for the U.S. and defend your native soil against an invading Russian army. With the expansion you can go on the attack as you take control of the Soviet army in an attempt to paint the free world red. Award-winning original plus epic expansion – this complete edition will immerse you in an all-out battle for the heart of the free world.
© 2007–2009 Ubisoft Entertainment. All rights reserved. World in Conflict, Massive Entertainment, the Massive Entertainment logo, Ubisoft, Ubi.com, and the Ubisoft logo are registered trademarks of Ubisoft Entertainment in the U.S. and/or other countries.
Artist INSA is known for creating mesmerizing animated GIFs using street art and photos. He was recently recruited by the scotch whisky brand Ballantines to create “the world's largest animated GIF,” one that was created with gigantic paintings on the ground and photos from a satellite camera.
INSA and a group of 20 helpers gathered at a location in Rio De Janeiro, Brazil in late 2014. The team painted giant patterns on the ground, doing one design per day over the course of four days. Each of the four paintings measured 14,379 square metes, meaning the project required a total of 57,515 square meters of paint.
The completed stages were photographed by an eye in the sky — a camera-equipped satellite orbiting our planet.
By combining the four frames and then looping them, an “infinite” animated GIF emerged:
Here's a behind-the-scenes video showing how the project was done:
(via Ballantines via Laughing Squid)
According to Steam Spy, around six million people now own PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds. Yesterday, the sales tracking site reckons around 481,304 players took to Bluehole's open world battle royale murder grounds—a figure which elevates it above the likes of Fallout 4, Grand Theft Auto 5 and Payday 2, so far as peak player counts are concerned.
As the screen below clearly identifies, PUBG now holds the peak player record for any non-Valve game.
And Brendan Greene, aka PlayerUnknown himself, seemed pretty happy when revealing the news yesterday via Twitter.
We now hold the record for the highest peak player count of any non-Valve game! GG WP everyone July 30, 2017
Last week, PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds surpassed five million sales and then six million sales shortly after. As such, its meteoric success since landing in Early Access in March shows little sign of slowing down. With mod support, new maps and extensive character customisation options planned some ways down the line, the future looks good for PUBG too.
As it stands, Bluehole hopes to launch PUBG in full before the end of the year.
“The atmosphere created in tandem between the visual style and the music makes Apotheon one of the most captivating and stylish games in recent memory.” 9.5 – Destructiod “During your journey, you get a pretty good notion of what's at stake through the minimalist artwork and the ominous sounds accompanying you, and you feel immersed in the two-dimensional world, eager to take on the gods and fight for mankind.” 8.5 – Softpedia “Not only is Apotheon a tireless devotion to ancient Greek art and culture, it's also a damn fun game and one of my surprise early favorites of 2015.” 9 – Game Informer
About This Game The Gods of Olympus have abandoned humanity, leaving you to perish without their benevolence. Take up arms against the Gods, climb Mount Olympus, and take their divine powers for yourself to ensure mankind's survival!
Apotheon is a fast and brutal 2D action game with a striking art style and heroic narrative based on Ancient Greek Mythology.
Features:
-Brutal and bloody bronze-aged combat! Slay your enemies with swords, spears, arrows, and other ancient weapons of war.
-Explore the massive open world of Mount Olympus! Battle mythical beings and search for divine treasure across the Forests of Artemis, the Palaces of Apollo, and other sanctuaries of the Gods.
-Guide the rise of Nikandreos, humanity's last hero. Interact with a colourful cast of fully voiced legendary characters throughout a rich single-player experience.
-Challenge your friends to single combat! In one versus one local multiplayer, pit your skills against other would-be heroes of Greece.
-Learn a little about Greek Mythology! Apotheon tries to stay true to its source material. Read an excerpt from the Iliad about Diomedes before you stick a Xiphos through his Aspis.
In a meeting today, the Executive Council of the OPCW adopted a decision [PDF – 18 KB] expressing its serious concern regarding the findings of the Fact-Finding Mission, made with a high degree of confidence, that chlorine had been used as a weapon in three villages in northern Syria from April to August 2014. The Council reaffirmed its condemnation of the use of chemical weapons by anyone under any circumstances. It emphasised that any use of chemical weapons anywhere at any time by anyone under any circumstances is unacceptable and would violate international law. The Council expressed its strong conviction that those individuals responsible for the use of chemical weapons should be held accountable.
The Executive Council also expressed support for the continuation of the work of the Fact Finding Mission and called upon all parties which will be addressed by the FFM to extend their full cooperation to the Mission to ensure that it completes its work safely and effectively.
The Director-General welcomed the commitment of States Parties to protect and strengthen the fundamental goals of the Chemical Weapons Convention. “This decision makes it absolutely clear that chemical weapons are illegal, and that their use will not be tolerated under any circumstances,” said Ambassador Üzümcü.
India tests Nestle noodles nationwide after high lead levels spark growing food-safety scare
Posted
India has tested packets of Nestle India's instant noodles nationwide after high lead levels were found in batches in the country's north, an official said.
Food and consumer affairs ministry official G Gurucharan said test results so far showed higher than permissible lead levels in noodles on sale in New Delhi, and warned of possible regulatory action against the company amid a mounting food safety scare.
"Samples have been tested from all across the country, we are getting the results one by one," Mr Gurucharan said.
"For example tests in Delhi showed that 10 out of 13 samples contained lead beyond the permissible limits.
"Once we have all the results, Nestle India will be given an opportunity to explain."
Stocks of Nestle India dropped more than 10 per cent in early trade Wednesday on the Bombay Stock Exchange before regaining some ground on the growing controversy.
The findings in Delhi come after inspectors in northern Uttar Pradesh state said last week they found high lead levels in two dozen Maggi noodle packets during routine testing.
The state's food inspectors at the weekend filed a criminal complaint against Nestle India, a subsidiary of Swiss-based giant Nestle, while a separate petition was filed against Bollywood stars who have advertised the noodles.
Instant noodles have long been hugely popular in India, with Nestle a market leader.
Nestle India this week rejected the test results in Uttar Pradesh, saying analysis conducted in its own laboratory of almost 1,000 batches and independent tests on a further 600 batches showed them safe to eat.
"All the results of these internal and external tests show that lead levels are well within the limits specified by food regulations and that Maggi noodles are safe to eat," it said in a statement on its website.
Other state governments, however, announced that they were conducting their own tests in the wake of the controversy, including Delhi, which summoned Nestle officials to explain the food scare.
Southern Kerala state this week ordered government-run shops pull all Maggi noodle packets from shelves until results were known.
Punjab, Tamil Nadu, Haryana, Gujarat and Telangana were among other states that have also ordered tests, according to the Press Trust of India news agency.
AFP
Topics: health, food-poisoning, india
U.S. prosecutors have charged three Chinese citizens with insider trading on confidential corporate information, allegedly gathered by hacking into the servers and networks of law firms involved in corporate mergers and acquisitions.
Prosecutors claim that the men stood to profit over $4 million due to insider information gained from unnamed law firms which was then used to place trades in at least five company stocks, according to Reuters.
The hackers allegedly made $380,000 on trades of Intermune, a drug manufacturer bought by Germany's Roche in 2014; $1.4 million in trades on Altera, bought by chip-maker Intel in 2015; and $841,000 on Borderfree, acquired by Pitney Bowes in 2015.
In a related civil lawsuit, the men supposedly claimed to be working at information technology companies and listed themselves among brokerage records, according to the Securities and Exchange Commission. According to an indictment filed in Manhattan federal court, Iat Hong of Macau, Bo Zheng of Changsha in China and Ching Hung of Macau were all charged with conspiracy, wire fraud, computer intrusion and insider trading.
Hong was arrested on Sunday in Hong Kong, while Hung and Zheng aren't in custody.
Speaking about the cybercrime-related charges, US Attorney Preet Bharara stated:
This case of cyber meets securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world: you are and will be targets of cyber hacking, becauase you have information valuable to would-be criminals.
US prosecutors allege that the trio began obtaining inside information by targeting and successfully hacking two US law firms since April 2014. More specifically, the email accounts of law firm partners working on mergers and acquisitions were targeted.
The cybercriminals allegedly installed malware on the firm's servers, according to the indictment, to access lawyers' emails, including one partner of the law firm responsible for a significant deal.
As things stand, the US government is seeking the extradition of Hong, who is currently in custody in Hong Kong.
Image credit: Pexels.
The ability of a state to govern itself has always been the hallmark of a democracy. As regards the marriage laws of Utah, the elected officials in the state must deal with the challenges created by an overreaching decision made by a single U.S. district court judge.
On Dec. 20, a district court judge struck down the Utah constitution's definition of marriage as between a man and a woman. Monday of this week -- — 17 days later — the U.S. Supreme Court appropriately stayed that order.
Now, Gov. Gary Herbert and Attorney General Sean Reyes have the challenge of ensuring that the state's administration of the law is fair to all persons, while also ensuring that Utah's democratically chosen values are preserved and not prejudiced.
In particular, we applaud Herbert and Reyes for noting, in a Wednesday memo to cabinet members: "It is important to understand that those laws include not only a prohibition on performing same-sex marriages but also recognizing same-sex marriages."
A one-time act, like the changing of a name and re-issuance of a driver's license, would not be retroactively undone. However, a same-sex couple could not claim access to ongoing governmental benefits, such as the ability to jointly file to pay state taxes.
This is fair to the individuals whose lives would be affected by “undoing” a past act like a name-change. But it is also necessary for the state to defend its democratic laws as this matter proceeds toward the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals.
Separately, U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced Friday that these marriages will be recognized as legal for purposes of federal law. This does not alter the state's interest in defending its laws and processes.
On Thursday, Reyes reiterated the governor's important position protecting Utah's laws. "The State of Utah cannot currently legally recognize marriages other than those between a man and a woman," he wrote, even though about 1,300 same-sex marriages took place in Utah between Dec. 20 and Jan. 6.
Reyes took the common-sense view that if between those dates a marriage license had been issued, and a ceremony had been performed, then a county clerk's office should indeed issue a certificate of that fact.
However, it is important not to get lost in legal details. Utah has long valued its independence, as well as the extraordinary social and economic results that stem from a deep-seated support of the traditional family.
Utah's historic opportunity is to stand up for democracy, and for a Constitution of delegated and enumerated powers. Under that Constitution, states are permitted to democratically enact laws that strengthen the family and promote the benefits of gender complementarity in marriage policy.
Laws regarding marriage and divorce have always varied from state to state. Currently, 17 states and the District of Columbia recognize same-sex marriage, but 33 states do not. Democracy should be the preferred method of peacefully resolving political controversies when attitudes about marriage differ from state to state under our federal constitution.
Must like cats … and truly great vegetarian food … and places off the beaten path … and, well, cats … lots of them, seventy-two to be precise. Jack's Cat Cafe offers quality vegetarian fare in a shaded, spacious oasis of trees, ponds and pagodas where the cats roam free and you can kick back, relax and enjoy a cold bevy or a bite.
The cat sanctuary itself is the bold initiative of Emma Bolton and Phong Nguyen and they have added an outdoor dining experience unlike any other in HoiAn. Between the rustic benches, Japanese Pagoda, extensive garden and the pond filled with Koi and catfish, it's not just the cats who have places to explore and lounge.
Situated towards the back of the courtyard are some picnic tables and umbrellas, and blown-up, ready to go, is a paddle pool for any babes that come for a visit. It is no surprise that Jack's is the new home for Hoi An's Moms' weekly meet-up on Wednesdays.
Jack's Cat Cafe has a wonderful little vegetarian/vegan menu that changes up fairly regularly. I enjoyed the guacamole on rye. I'm a pretty good judge of guacamole after spending five years living in Mexico, and this guac was mighty tasty. The pineapple salsa had a lovely zip of sweet n' spicy, and the curried egg wrap smelled divine.
Unless you invite Emma to dine with you – when, Pied Piper-like, it's open season and the kitties pounce – you'll not be fighting off felines in order to enjoy your lunch. Considering many have been saved from illness, neglect or abandonment and most have been rescued from the Vietnamese cat and dog meat trade this is unsurprising.
It's not unusual to see the snatchers cruising the neighborhoods of Hoi An, nets ‘n' cages to catch and pots ‘n' pans to sell. But when the going price of these beloved animals is $25 US/kilo for dogs and $35 US/kilo for cats, well, it makes the snatching and catching business distressingly lucrative.
Back on the flip side of this awful coin, the amazing Emma and Phong do what they can to bring awareness and education to the people of Vietnam, and of course love and comfort to the animals in their care. The only way this rescue continues to run is by the hard work of these two, who both hold separate jobs to help finance things, and by the generous donations of compassionate people and the volunteers who come to help run the cafe and rescue. If this isn't another amazing reason to come and check out the offerings of Jack's Cat Cafe, I'm not sure what is.
And for more information on Jacks Cat Cafe's history, check out Hoi An Now's An Inspiring Story of 72 Rescued Strays.
100,000vnd entrance fee which includes a free drink of your choice
Hours: 11am – 3pm. Closed Sundays & Mondays
Add: Le Hong Phong St, see Facebook page for directions
Tel: +84 (0) 975 832 515
Email: [email protected]
Facebook: Jack's Cat Cafe
Photos: Sharon Guest and Stuart Neal
Love or hate the name, synthwave seems to be here to stay. Although many of the artists associated with the genre appear to reject the label, there is no denying the appeal for seventies/eighties soundtrack inspired electronica is on the rise. In amongst the throng you can find the mysterious Carpenter Brut: a French artist who gives very little in the way of interviews, and who has risen the synthwave ranks lately when his 2015 Trilogy– a compilation of his first three E.Ps I (2012), II (2013) and III (2015)– began to gather attention through word of mouth and internet streaming sites; helping to build on his already strong existing fanbase. With tracks like the compelling Disco Zombi Italia, Turbo Killer and Le Perv hitting all the right dark, pulsating, retro notes, it is not surprising the Brut's success continues to grow. Diabolique Magazine were fortunate enough to catch up with the artist for an exclusive interview.
Diabolique: How did Carpenter Brut start life?
Carpenter Brut: It started in 1231.
Diabolique: Do you enjoy working under a certain level of anonymity?
Carpenter Brut: I do. First, I avoid wasting my time shooting promo pictures, which is always a risky task. You can quickly look like a clown. I also think that whoever is behind the music actually doesn't matter. I like the concept of bands like Ghost or Daft Punk. If anonymity is well kept, it makes the concept stronger. Of course you can't prevent people who will open their mouths and ruin everything. I really want to bash those who, in my case, ruin the concept by throwing my name in a review just to brag “hey I know something you don't know”. It might not be a big deal for them but it is for me, and they could at least respect that. Now it is different for live shows, as people can see my face, but they still don't know who I am.
Diabolique: Tell us about the horror influences in your work
Carpenter Brut: I actually no longer watch horror movies; I'm not in the mood anymore. I have watched a lot of them when I was a kid, even if that meant waiting they were broadcast on TV or available at the local VHS rental store. I don't remember all of them but they must have printed my brain somehow. I clearly remember Nekromantik for instance. I have always considered horror movies a public utility, like porn movies.
Diabolique: What are some of your favorite soundtracks?
Carpenter Brut: I didn't really listen to horror soundtracks. They tend to be not much about music, more about weird strident sounds. They clearly work within the movie but not really without. But there are themes that stand out such as Creepshow, Maniac Cop, Friday 13th etc. And of course the classics from John Williams, John Carpenter, Alan Silvestri, James Horner etc. You see, nothing groundbreaking in my taste.
Diabolique: How have they inspired your work?
Carpenter Brut: I have no idea. I guess without I realized it, like images from movies. I don't seek to copy so I definitely don't listen to soundtracks before I compose. I let the past memories do their trick. But in some way these soundtracks probably pushed me to make music so maybe I give them an unconscious and awkward tribute [laughs].
Diabolique: Do you work with an overall concept in mind, or are your songs unconnected?
Carpenter Brut: I start with a main theme for each EP and I try to keep some coherence in the sequels. Invasion AD and Escape follow each other, yet I composed the latter first. I try to close the loop: Invasion, escape.
Diabolique: Do you consciously identify with any scene, and if so, why?
Carpenter Brut: I don't. People talk about dark synthwave; sure why not. When I started I didn't know that scene. I just wanted to mix music from John Carpenter and Justice, that's it. Then I got labeled « synthwave » and I discovered the genre. But I like it, even if at the same time I don't care.
Diabolique: You have done some video game soundtracks, can you tell us a bit about those?
Carpenter Brut: The dudes from Hotline Miami 2 and The Crew directly contacted me to use songs already existing. So I didn't have much work to do. But it definitely helped me to get a name (I thank them!), even if now some people think I composed the tracks for Hotline Miami [laughs].
For Furi now, I composed 3 original tracks. I actually wrote riffs for specific action moments in the game and then I wrote the tracks. Each track matches a level and a boss. It's a harder job than creating a song. You're not talking about verses and chorus but about game sequences. I don't know if I did what I really wanted to do but for a first time I think I did o.k.
Diabolique: Would you like to broaden scope that into film?
Carpenter Brut: I did a quick OST for the Deka Brothers for their short movie Father and Son and I enjoyed doing it. When I'm fed up with Carpenter Brut, I will probably score more OST, I've always loved doing that.
Diabolique: How have you found touring as a live act?
Carpenter Brut: We are three people on stage. Absolutely no question to be a « spacebar DJ », I would get bored and so would the audience. There is a drummer, a guitarist and I'm on keyboards. We also have a visual background made of cool and cheesy old school movies.
Diabolique: What has been the reaction from fans?
Carpenter Brut: In general people seem happy and have fun. There are gamers, metalheads… It's a pretty diverse crowd and I like that. It's always a good time. We've even had girls showing their tits occasionally. This contributes to write History, doesn't it ? [laughs]
Diabolique: Have there been any challenges involved in adapting to playing in from of a live audience?
Carpenter Brut: I modified the songs so there's no pause and it's non-stop for an hour. We had to blend the guitar in, as there are no or very few guitars in the original songs. Same with the drums; my drums patterns are pretty basic so our drummer had to rearrange them to bring his own groove and breaks. In the end, there are 2 somehow different versions for each song: studio and live. You like it or not, but we offer something different live, in order not to bore our audience and to have fun on stage.
Diabolique: What are you working on at the moment?
Carpenter Brut: I'm taking some time off before starting touring again in September and I'm also thinking about a concept for an album. It's quite hard because I have many ideas but I need to pick the good one, the one that will keep the concept fresh when I play it live.
Diabolique: What can people expect from Carpenter Brut in the future?
Carpenter Brut: We are working on touring in Europe and North America. It's not easy to find gigs for now because synthwave is still very confidential and few promoters are interested. So I often get comments on Facebook by people who want to see us in their place and think we don't want to go there [laughs]. Reality is quite different. We will not tour the whole world but we have some cool gigs coming up so be patient (well, at least those of you who want to see us!).
I hope to release an album at the end of 2017 if everything goes as planned. No rush. No way I'm putting out something I like only 99%.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Facing a crippling increase in fuel costs, some rural U.S. schools are mulling a solution born of the ‘70s oil crisis: a four-day week.
A gasoline pump nozzle is seen at a gas station in Arlington, Virginia, June 11, 2008. REUTERS/Jim Young
Cutting out one day of school has been the key to preserving educational programs and staff in parts of Kentucky, New Mexico and Minnesota, outweighing some parents' concerns about finding day-care for the day off.
“For rural school districts where buses may travel 100 miles round-trip each day, there certainly are transportation savings worth considering,” said Marc Egan, the director of federal affairs at the National School Boards Association.
Egan said about 100 schools in as many as 16 states have already moved to a four-day school week, many to save money on transportation, heating and cooling.
Nevada's White Pine School District switched just one of its schools to a four-day week three years ago. Now, with energy costs soaring, four other schools in the district are following suit.
“We're looking at it district-wide with energy costs being at the forefront of the conversation,” said Bob Dolezal, superintendent of Nevada's White Pine County School District, which is facing a 14 percent budget cut due to a shortfall in state funding.
MACCRAY Public Schools in Minnesota, which voted to switch to a four-day week in May, expects to shave 10 percent off transportation costs, which have risen unexpectedly in recent years as fuel costs have shot up.
“The savings for a four-day week just on the transportation alone were $65,000,” said MACCRAY superintendent Greg Schmidt.
The plan initially did cause alarm among some parents, who were concerned about finding child-care, but most have managed to find place their kids in day care or with relatives, Schmidt said. In addition, MACCRAY plans to institute a child-care certification program for older students to offer day care for younger kids on the day off.
One of the pioneers of the four-day week, the Cimarron, New Mexico school district, is looking to cut energy costs by getting back to its roots.
Cimarron Public Schools moved a four-day week when energy prices shot up in the early 1970s, but has become more “complacent,” letting the heating and cooling systems run even during the day off since the end of the OPEC oil embargo, Cimarron's superintendent James Gallegos said.
With soaring energy costs, that will no longer be the case: “As we start the next school year, it's going to be very minimal on the Fridays that we are off,” Gallegos said.
Webster County School District in Kentucky switched to a four-day week four years ago under economic duress — a state budget crisis left the school in limbo, leaving the district with the option of dropping school days or cutting staff and programs.
The district ended up saving tens of thousands of dollars in fuel and energy costs, helping to cut total costs by 3.5 to 4 percent, said James Kemp, the superintendent of the Webster County School District.
The shortened week at Webster also brought unexpected benefits such as improved attendance and a boost in student performance.
“If we were to go back to a five-day week, the school board and I would be run out of town,” Kemp said.
In preparation for the 2015 Glass Blown Open, Dynamic Discs has released a mobile app for both iOS and Android to help disc golfers connect with each other and prepare for the upcoming tournament which starts on April 30. The free app allows you to create a profile to help be a part of the conversation, but many of the big features don't require the profile.
The biggest features that initially stand out are the course maps and schedules on the app. Currently only three courses have maps loaded with more to come. The schedules are also a valuable tool with all the moving parts in a tournament of this size. Being able to easily keep track of your own personal schedule with reminders can make for a very low stress experience.
While players guides aren't anything new, the digital version is a welcome sight. The possibilities seem endless with something like this release from Dynamic Discs. If this is the first step, we can't wait to see what else can be done in the future.
Download the free Glass Blown Open app from the iOS App Store or Google Play Store. If you have smart phone on another platform you can visit App.GlassBlownOpen.com for all the same data.
Gatekeepers is an innovative game that uses cards and tokens in place of character sheets and paperwork.
In order to play it, you'll need two things: the boxed set and the rulebook. You can save money by keeping some components digital.
Option 1: Hardcover, Hardcopy
The rulebook is available from DriveThruRPG.com, and it comes with a PDF.
The boxed set with cards and tokens is available from TheGameCrafter.Com.
These two links get you everything you need to play. The book will fit nicely inside the box.
Option 2: Digital Book and Real Cards
You get the box, and print the PDF of the book that comes with it, then put it in a binder. You save about $18 plus shipping. It's the cheapest way of getting into the game without too much effort.
Option 3: Do It Yourself
You can download the print-n-play kit from DriveThruRPG.Com, along with the PDF of the rulebook, and then print and assemble everything yourself. You save some money, but put in some time and effort to make your game your own. It's free, except for your time, paper, cardboard, glue and effort. How much is your time worth?
Option 4: God Mode
You do one of the options above, then download these source files for the cards, tokens and the world map. And then you make your own cards, write your own books and sell them online. This is the future, and future is open source. You will need to use Photoshop or similar software to open the PSD files.
What lessons did Americans learn from last week's Rolling Stone account of the sickening 2012 gang-rape and beating-to-a-pulp of a first-year female student—“Jackie”—at the University of Virginia's Phi Kappa Psi fraternity? Some of the takeaways were obvious and led straight to action. Others aren't so obvious but are just as alarming.
The obvious conclusions first: Fraternities have become more like lab experiments for the distillation of male sexual aggression than the mini-leadership training institutes their supporters claim they are. That's why UVA's president was right to forbid all fraternity and sorority parties until the school can figure out what to do about them. Violent felonies call for police investigations, which is why the school referred the case to the Charlottesville police. There's nothing cute or defensible about “Rugby Road,” the popular fight song named for UVA's Frat Row whose lyrics punctuated the Rolling Stone narrative (“Ten a thousand Pi Phi bitches who get down upon their knees/But the ones that we hold true, the ones that we hold dear/Are the ones who stay up late at night and take it in the rear”). This is why the University Glee Club has decided to stop singing it—temporarily, anyway.
But here's a detail that's harder to understand: Why did it take two years and a story in a national publication for anyone to report this outrageously violent assault to the police? Who's to blame for the delay? As it turns out, just about everybody. When the victim stumbled, barefoot and bleeding, to a street corner and called three friends, they were the ones who discouraged her from going to the hospital (which would have reported the crime to the police) or the police. Two of them were so worried about being ostracized as friends of “the girl who cried ‘rape,'” that they sent the confused girl home to sleep it off. A year later, when the young woman's academic dean sent the now-suicidal and flunking student to the dean of students who handles sexual assault on campus, the dean laid out her options in a neutral tone designed to give the girl the sense that the choice was hers: she could report it to the police or not. She could lodge a formal complaint and her case would go to a Sexual Misconduct Board that would hear it and decide whether and how to punish the men. Or she could seek “informal resolution,” which meant talking the issue through with her rapists. This profusion of choices apparently so bewildered the depressed woman that she did nothing.
Should she have gone to the police? Of course! Did her friends give new meaning to the word selfish? Absolutely. Should the university have called the police the minute they heard her story? Definitely. Is UVA a school that failed to respond to the nasty sexual consequences of its Greek party scene? Apparently. But there's one more party to hold accountable: the federal government.
The House of Windsor is the royal house of the United Kingdom and the other Commonwealth realms. It was founded by King George V by royal proclamation on 17 July 1917, when he changed the name of the British Royal Family from the German Saxe-Coburg and Gotha to the English Windsor, due to the anti-German sentiment in the British Empire during World War I. High anti-German sentiment amongst the people of the British Empire during World War I reached a peak in March 1917, when the Gotha G.IV, a heavy aircraft capable of crossing the English Channel, began bombing London directly and became a household name. In the same year, on 15 March, King George's first cousin, Nicholas II, the Emperor of Russia, was forced to abdicate, which raised the spectre of the eventual abolition of all the monarchies in Europe. The King and his family were finally convinced to abandon all titles held under the German Crown and to change German titles and house names to anglicised versions.Hence, on 17 July 1917, a royal proclamation issued by King George V declared:
By the KING. A PROCLAMATION declaring that the Name of Windsor is to be borne by his Royal House and Family and Relinquishing the Use of All German Titles and Dignities.
GEORGE R.I.
WHEREAS We, having taken into consideration the Name and Title of Our Royal House and Family, have determined that henceforth Our House and Family shall be styled and known as the House and Family of Windsor:
And whereas We have further determined for Ourselves and for and on behalf of Our descendants and all other the descendants of Our Grandmother Queen Victoria of blessed and glorious memory to relinquish and discontinue the use of all German Titles and Dignities:
And whereas We have declared these Our determinations in Our Privy Council:
Now, therefore, We, out of Our Royal Will and Authority, do hereby declare and announce that as from the date of this Our Royal Proclamation Our House and Family shall be styled and known as the House and Family of Windsor, and that all the descendants in the male line of Our said Grandmother Queen Victoria who are subjects of these Realms, other than female descendants who may marry or may have married, shall bear the said Name of Windsor:
And do hereby further declare and announce that We for Ourselves and for and on behalf of Our descendants and all other the descendants of Our said Grandmother Queen Victoria who are subjects of these Realms, relinquish and enjoin the discontinuance of the use of the Degrees, Styles, Dignities, Titles and Honours of Dukes and Duchesses of Saxony and Princes and Princesses of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, and all other German Degrees, Styles, Dignities. Titles, Honours and Appellations to Us or to them heretofore belonging or appertaining.
Given at Our Court at Buckingham Palace, this Seventeenth day of July, in the year of our Lord One thousand nine hundred and seventeen, and in the Eighth year of Our Reign.
GOD save the KING.
The 1917 proclamation stated that the name of the Royal House and all British descendants of Victoria and Albert in the male line were to bear the name of Windsor, except for women who married into other families. The name Saxe-Coburg-Gotha came to the British Royal Family in 1840 with the marriage of Queen Victoria to Prince Albert, son of Ernst, Duke of Saxe-Coburg & Gotha. Queen Victoria herself remained a member of the House of Hanover. The only British monarch of the House of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha was King Edward VII, who reigned for nine years at the beginning of the modern age in the early years of the twentieth century.
Soon after Elizabeth became Queen of the Commonwealth Realms in 1952, the Earl Mountbatten (as Prince Philip's uncle was then known) advocated that she change the name of her royal house to House of Mountbatten; it was the standard practice for the wife in a marriage to adopt her husband's surname. When Elizabeth's grandmother, Queen Mary, heard of this suggestion, she informed British Prime Minister Winston Churchill and he later advised the Queen to issue a royal proclamation declaring that the royal house was to remain known as the House of Windsor. This she did on 9 April 1952, officially declaring it her “Will and Pleasure that I and My children shall be styled and known as the House and Family of Windsor, and that my descendants who marry and their descendants, shall bear the name of Windsor.” On 8 February 1960, after the death of Queen Mary and the resignation of Churchill, the Queen confirmed that she and her children would continue to be known as the House and Family of Windsor, as would any agnatic descendants who enjoy the style of Royal Highness and the title of Prince or Princess. Still, Elizabeth also decreed that her agnatic descendants who do not have that style and title would bear the surname Mountbatten-Windsor.
The House of Windsor – Windsor had a long association with monarchy in Britain, through the town of Windsor, Berkshire, and Windsor Castle; the link is alluded to in the Round Tower of Windsor Castle being the basis of the badge of the House of Windsor. From 1917 to 1919, George V also stripped 15 of his German relations—most of whom belonged to the House of Hanover—of their British titles and styles of prince and princess. During the twentieth century, kings and queens of the United Kingdom have fulfilled the varied duties of constitutional monarchy. One of their most important roles has been acting as national figureheads lifting public morale during the devastating wars of 1914-18 and 1939-45. The period saw the modernisation of the monarchy in tandem with many social changes which have taken place over the past 90 years. One such modernisation has been the use of mass communication technologies to make the Royal Family accessible to a broader public all over the world.
Bryan Singer and Guy Shalem, in collaboration with Same Name Productions, are developing a documentary exploring the Israeli-Palestinian conflict through the vantage point of a dynamic Arab-Israeli activist.
Singer, known for his “X-Men” franchise, could possibly direct the film, marking his documentary directorial debut. The doc would also be one of the few he's produced.
The movie, which has the working title “In the Middle of the Middle East,” will follow a young man as he navigates personal and political minefields, determined to advance a workable solution for coexistence in the Middle East, while searching for true peace within himself.
Yariv Horowitz (“Rock the Casbah”) is also set to co-produce. The movie is slated to bow in the fall of 2016.
Singer is directing “X-Men: Apocalypse,” which hits theaters on May 27, 2016. He is repped by WME.
WASHINGTON, March 3 - The United States suffered a final defeat Thursday in its dispute with Brazil over cotton subsidies at the World Trade Organization.
The organization's appellate body upheld a ruling last year by trade judges who said American subsidies to cotton farmers broke international trade rules by depressing world prices and harming cotton farmers in Brazil and elsewhere.
The decision on Thursday could force the United States to lower the subsidies it pays farmers to grow cotton and, eventually, other crops.
Representative Clay Shaw, the Florida Republican who leads the trade subcommittee of the House Ways and Means Committee, said: "If we want to keep exporting American cotton, we're going to have to abide by the W.T.O. ruling. It certainly gives you cover to make some of the corrections needed."
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The administration was more cautious. Richard Mills, the spokesman for the United States trade representative, said, "We will study the report carefully and work closely with Congress and our farm community on our next steps."
Digital currency storage service Elliptic has obtained ISAE 3402 accreditation – a global standard for financial reporting – from auditing specialist KPMG.
The ISAE 3402 Type 1 or SOC1/2 review scrutinises various aspects of a business, including financial controls, regulatory compliance including AML and KYC measures, financial controls, code deployment, disaster recovery, segregation of duties and offline bitcoin storage techniques.
The UK-based storage provider says it is the first bitcoin company to receive the accreditation and that ISAE 3402 indicates that the firm operates with the “same standards as a conventional custodian bank”.
Elliptic, which provides services to investment funds and trading houses, explained that the successful review demonstrates security and regulatory compliance, as well as the robustness of its bitcoin storage solution.
Accreditation ‘important milestone'
Elliptic CEO James Smith explained why the accreditation from one of the ‘Big Four' accounting firms is so significant for the company:
“We pride ourselves on understanding and respecting the complexities of regulated financial systems. KPMG's accreditation is an important milestone, as it demonstrates our commitment to delivering both best-in-class technology and deep operational expertise.”
Smith added that Elliptic is “absolutely confident” in its technology, but went on to note that a bitcoin storage company needs to offer more than its own confidence.
“This report demonstrates to our customers that we have the rigorous internal processes and controls expected of any traditional financial services provider,” he said. “Combined with our comprehensive insurance protection, they provide the robust infrastructure required for institutional involvement in digital currencies.”
Elliptic's focus on security
Since its inception and launch a year ago, Elliptic has tried to differentiate itself by offering “deep cold storage” techniques for bitcoin, backed by insurance “providing protection against theft of stored bitcoins”.
After an early attempt to gain cover from Lloyds of London broke down, the company was forced to look for alternative insurance providers and eventually managed to insure its holdings through insurance brokers CBC Insurance.
A few months later, in July 2014, Elliptic managed to secure $2m in seed funding from Octopus Investments.
KPMG offices via Gordon Bell / Shutterstock.com
Many Americans, including leading Republicans, were affronted by President Donald Trump's nonchalant response to Fox News anchor Bill O'Reilly's characterization of Russian President Vladimir Putin as a "killer." The Kremlin, for its part, demanded an apology from Fox — and got a sarcastic reply from O'Reilly instead. Something that has fallen by the wayside in all these exchanges, though, is the question of how fair it is to call Putin a killer.
It's not a trivial question. Putin is not a bloodthirsty, Stalin-like dictator. He has stubbornly resisted calls for the reinstitution of the death penalty in Russia, put on hold during the country's brief romance with Europe. "Experts do not believe tougher punishment leads to the eradication of crime or the lowering of crime rates," he said in 2013. On the other hand, it's hard to ignore that some of Putin's enemies and political opponents have turned up dead.
The three most prominent murders that are commonly blamed on Putin in the West are those of politician Boris Nemtsov in 2015, journalist Anna Politkovskaya in 2006, and former intelligence officer Alexander Litvinenko also in 2006. An official inquiry in Britain concluded it was likely that Putin was behind the assassination of Litvinenko, who was poisoned with the radioactive substance polonium-210. That's the closest anyone has come to pinning a murder on Putin. The KGB — the organization that taught Putin most of what he knows about the world — has a long tradition of assassinating "traitors," primarily defectors. In his memoir, Oleg Kalugin, a former KGB general, recalled an episode from his work in the U.S. under journalistic cover in the 1960s. His boss, the New York station chief, told him he'd propose to Moscow that Kalugin shoot Yury Nosenko, a high-level defector to the U.S.:
"I hope you haven't neglected your target practice," he continued. "Can you still shoot? Would you be able to finish off the traitor at this meeting?" His question caught me off guard, but I quickly replied, "Of course I could." "We could get you out of it later, of course," he went on. "You know, swap you for a Western spy. So there's no need to worry."
Kalugin was never asked to go through with the killing, but one can easily imagine KGB veteran Andrei Lugovoy, the man whom a British judge found guilty of poisoning Litvinenko, having a similar conversation with some important official in the KGB successor service, the FSB. Putin is on record as saying betrayal is, to him, the gravest possible sin; he once told a Moscow editor he was willing to tolerate and even respect an enemy but not a traitor.
Litvinenko would qualify as a traitor by FSB standards: He publicly accused his former service of ordering him to kill oligarch Boris Berezovsky, the man who helped Putin win the presidency in 2000 but then became a staunch opponent. He also claimed, on sketchy evidence, that the KGB organized the 1999 bombings of apartment buildings in Moscow, which were officially blamed on terrorists from the separatist region of Chechnya. After fleeing Russia in 2000, Litvinenko depended on the largesse of Berezovsky, but also of British intelligence — another red flag for the FSB.
In the case of Politkovskaya, Russian courts have convicted the actual murderers, but failed to determine who had planned and ordered the contract killing. The same pattern has emerged in the Nemtsov case, in which the trial is to continue on Feb. 14. Yet, though both Politkovskaya and Nemtsov were outspoken critics of Putin, friends, colleagues and family have not accused him of ordering the assassinations.
Yuri Kochetkov, EPA Russian people participate with flowers and portraits in a memorial march for Boris Nemtsov to mark the murder's first anniversary, in Moscow, Russia, on Feb. 27, 2016. Boris Nemtsov, liberal opposition leader and sharp critic of president Putin, was killed on Feb. 27, 2015, by a group of Chechen military servicemen. Russian people participate with flowers and portraits in a memorial march for Boris Nemtsov to mark the murder's first anniversary, in Moscow, Russia, on Feb. 27, 2016. Boris Nemtsov, liberal opposition leader and sharp critic of president Putin, was killed on Feb. 27, 2015, by a group of Chechen military servicemen. (Yuri Kochetkov, EPA) (Yuri Kochetkov, EPA)
In both cases, there have been strong suggestions of the involvement of Ramzan Kadyrov, the leader of Chechnya, installed by Putin to pacify the rebellious region. But despite clear ties between the convicted and accused killers and Kadyrov's inner circle, the Chechen leader has not been asked to testify at either trial.
Kadyrov is a Putin appointee; and he enjoys such a special status in Putin's Russia that, it appears at times, Russian laws don't apply to Chechnya. Both Politkovskaya and Nemtsov harshly criticized the thin-skinned Chechen for his human rights abuses. It would, however, be unfair to ascribe crimes Kadyrov may have ordered or committed directly to Putin. The Russian leader is himself a hostage to the scheme he chose to end a decade-long war of secession in Chechnya.
The corrupt and often ruthless system Putin has maintained in Russia is clearly a killer, and not just by dint of empowering people like Kadyrov. Since Putin came to power, 25 journalists were killed for work-related reasons. Many of them had been investigating corruption by Putin-appointed officials or exposing injustice by Putin's billionaire friends — like Mikhail Beketov, the editor of a small paper in the Moscow suburbs that opposed a highway project led by Putin crony Arkady Rotenberg. Only three journalists have been murdered in the U.S. in the same period, and two of them were victims of a terror attack.
People also suffer injuries when they come into contact with Russia's brutal and opaque law enforcement and justice systems. There are no official statistics on the number of people killed, beaten and tortured by police, but news reports of violent incidents are a daily reality. According to Rusebola.com, which attempts to collect independent statistics on inmate deaths in the Russian penal system, 99 people died in Russian jails and prisons in 2016. Had these statistics existed in 2009, Sergei Magnitsky, the tax lawyer, whose death is often blamed on Putin, would have been included in them: A Kremlin human rights council determined that Magnitsky, who had been denied medical help, was beaten by eight prison guards shortly before his death.
The degree of an authoritarian ruler's personal responsibility is higher than in a state with a working system of checks and balances. Such a country's interests inevitably merge with the ruler's interest in keeping power. So, compared to U.S. leaders, Putin must accept more personal responsibility for the victims of his policies, his adventures and his mistakes. That includes the people killed in terror attacks that followed his harsh actions in Chechnya, as well as the many deaths resulting from his support of Ukrainian separatists and President Bashar al-Assad in Syria.
A source confirmed that Bresciano had a clause in his contract at Al-Nasr allowing him to terminate his deal if compensation was paid and It's understood that a dispute over that compensation figure, believed to be $1.87million to be paid by Al-Gharafa, has led to FIFA becoming involved. The governing body banned Bresciano under article 17 of the FIFA regulations for the status of transfer of players, a murky area of player transfer laws. Contrary to initial reports emanating from a club statement, he has not been ordered to pay any fine. The suspension imposed on Bresciano will leave the creative midfielder potentially struggling for match fitness come the World Cup in June as he will have missed the bulk of the Qatar Stars League 2013-14 season. The Socceroos train at WIN Stadium on Saturday. Credit:James Brickwood Al-Gharafa have also been banned from signing players for one year. "The club announced its intention to appeal against FIFA's latest ruling to forbid the club from any player signings for a year," a club spokesman said. Al-Gharafa general secretary Jassim Al Mansouri said the issue stemmed from Bresciano's departure from Al-Nasr. "This is not a unique case; there are many precedents," he said. "We as a club are not a part of this case. As the player ended his contract with his former club before joining us, our next step will be filing an appeal to the court of arbitration for sport."
Despite receiving the lengthy ban, Bresciano will still be eligible to play in the Socceroos friendly against Costa Rica at Allianz Stadium on Tuesday. He completed a full training session on Saturday in front of a public audience and a Football Federation of Australia spokesman confirmed FIFA had cleared him to play in the first game under the tenure of new coach Ange Postecoglou. "FFA is currently studying the judgment and considering the options," an FFA spokesman said. "We will do all we can to assist Mark Bresciano and his representatives in having this issue resolved. The advice from FIFA is that the suspension does not apply to Tuesday night's match against Costa Rica. Mark is available for selection and will still continue his preparations with the squad." In hot water: Australia's Mark Bresciano could miss the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. Credit:Sebastian Costanzo Bresciano is one of the three senior players linked with the Socceroos captaincy, alongside incumbent Lucas Neill and Tim Cahill. While the issue of the armband has not been a major topic of discussion among the ranks, Cahill said he was honoured just to be mentioned as a possible candidate but his focus remains on his on-field duties. Loading
"It's an honour and a privilege to captain ... I've been a captain at Everton and New York Red Bulls, so I've been there and done it but to do it for your country is pretty special. Overall it's nothing that's been in my mind. I feel if you play well for your club and your country, so long as you're a part of it, you never know what happens," Cahill said. The New York Red Bull was the last to arrive in Socceroos camp after his club commitments and says there is a noticeable difference in the energy and determination in the squad following the arrival of Postecoglou. "I just think he wants us to do everything with a purpose, for all of us to be consistent in training and really put in a great effort. Not to say we haven't before but sometimes things can become complacent," Cahill said. "I think it's something we've needed and also these young kids are keeping everyone on their toes, which is fantastic. Now it's time to deliver."
The headlines blare that New Orleans Saints defensive tackle Nick Fairley has a career-threatening heart condition.
A medical issue involving the heart sounds worrisome, but there are many benign conditions that can be treated or dealt with.
Although I haven't examined Fairley, I am optimistic he will be fine to safely continue playing.
Years ago when I was a team physician for the Chargers, a big free agent signing (name purposely withheld for privacy/HIPAA) passed out before a preseason game due to a heart condition. We were playing in an overseas game and he was rushed for care and full cardiac work-up. With the help of my primary care team doctors and cardiologist, the player was treated with no meaningful games missed. In fact, the public never even knew about the issue.
With today's media scrutiny and social media, very little goes unnoticed. Just because the heart evaluation has become public, that doesn't mean Fairley's cardiac condition is worrisome. He and the Saints are smart to get a full work-up.
Without having seen Fairley's records, the two main possibilities are an arrhythmia (abnormal heartbeat) or myopathy (heart muscle abnormality. The most likely possibility is a hypertrophic (enlarged heart) over a dilated (expanded/weakened) myopathy. Doctors are very aware to avoid a “Len Bias” type sudden death. The markers are set very low to detect even potential mild cases as the goal is to prevent every sudden death.
A couple players a year are caught with this low threshold level screening. Star Lotulelei was famously ruled out of working out at NFL scouting Combine in 2013 but has had no issue in his career with the Panthers. Players are followed with yearly echocardiograms. Most likely, Farley had some questionable enlargement and is undergoing further workup for safety and will be ultimately cleared for football.
There are certain injuries that team doctors simply document. For others, players are downgraded medically. If there was any serious potential heart issue that involved even a one percent chance of catastrophe, Farley would have been ruled out long ago.
There is an entire field of study on the athlete's heart and sudden death syndrome. A degenerative knee is something teams might take a chance on a player; however, if there is a serious condition and risk of a disastrous outcome like paralysis from a neck issue or sudden death, even the most minimal increase in risk is not tolerated.
The current secrecy with Fairley is somewhat worrisome. However, given that it is the offseason, clubs have no duty to disclose any injury or medical information. Perhaps there is no increase of cardiac myopathy at all and the Saints are just being careful given his new four-year, $30million contract. There is also the outside possibility of buyer's remorse from team management.
Fairley was detected to have a heart condition at the Combine in 2011. He was projected to possibly be a first overall pick, but after his measurables was downgraded slightly and ended up being selected by Detroit with the 13th pick in ‘11. Perhaps the heart issue played a small role in the slight fall. Perhaps not.
Since then he has undergone yearly physicals with the Lions and then passed a physical with the Rams in 2015 and Saints in 2016. Multiple doctors were aware of the heart issue detected at the Combine and would be careful to follow up.
This is Fairley's second year with New Orleans. Certainly, he had a full physical before signing. He played with the condition at Auburn and then for six NFL seasons without issue while other orthopedic ailments have landed him on injured reserve. Perhaps something changed with his annual team physical, or it is possible his previously detected heart condition has changed or worsened.
The hope and expectation is that the additional tests are all precautionary. Chances are excellent that Fairley's career is not over and the headlines are overstated.
Thank you for your help!
What was mispronounced? Optional: help us by adding the time
English football clubs have long had a reputation as glorified money pits — playthings of Russian billionaires and vanity projects for Arab sheikhs.
But in the past few weeks, a new pattern of ownership has emerged, with private equity investors taking a renewed interest in Premiership clubs.
AFC Bournemouth sold a 25 per cent stake to PEAK6, the Chicago-based investment vehicle run by veteran financier Matt Hulsizer.
Days later, the owners of Crystal Palace FC closed in on a deal to sell minority stakes to Josh Harris and David Blitzer, two US private equity executives with a history of buying into sports teams.
Though not the first Americans to invest in English football — Manchester United, Arsenal and Liverpool are all US-owned — the two moves mark the first time that professional investors have taken minority stakes in clubs.
People involved in the game point to two driving factors: fast-rising income at Premier League clubs and better cost control.
That means wider profit margins and safer investments, going some way to explain why Manchester United's New York-listed shares have risen almost a fifth this year, while the S&P 500 has been flat.
“A corner has been turned,” says Dan Jones, head of sport at Deloitte. “After two decades of being very successful at generating revenue, football clubs are now finally able to retain some of that revenue. It's quite hard now not to make money in the Premier League.”
That said, Chelsea, the reigning league champions, on Monday reported a £23m loss for the 2014/15 season, although the club said that new television and sponsorship deals would likely produce record revenue for the current year.
The Premier League's operating profit of £614m last year was, however, almost treble the previous record set by Germany's Bundesliga in 2012/13. Deloitte's research shows that all bar one of the 20 Premier League clubs made an operating profit in 2013/14, the last year data are available for.
The financial gains from entering the Premier League provide a stark indication of its pull. During 2013/14, Crystal Palace's first season back in the Premier League, players' wages at the south London club more than doubled. But revenue, mostly television rights, prize money and sponsorship, was up more than 500 per cent.
In the past, wages and transfer fees have risen faster than revenue, leaving smaller clubs with little option but to borrow to compete.
Some of those that did, such as Leeds United and Portsmouth, spent heavily in an effort to join Europe's elite, gambles that resulted in crippling debt and financial collapse. Leeds entered administration in 2007 and Portsmouth followed two years later. Both have languished in England's lower leagues since.
A new TV deal, agreed earlier in February and set to come into effect next season, will provide a further boost to top-flight clubs. Under the new terms, the prize money for finishing last, at more than £100m, will eclipse that currently earned by being crowned champions.
The UK rights deal alone is worth £5bn, a 70 per cent increase on the previous agreement, while international rights will make the league even richer.
Rising revenue is not a new phenomenon. The problem in the past has been keeping costs in check. Wages and transfer fees have typically risen at the same rate as the money comes in.
However, the introduction in 2011 of the Financial Fair Play rules, which limit spending as a proportion of income, has changed the equation. Clubs are now far less likely to overstretch their finances, and can be punished if they do.
“If you can't mortgage your future, all of a sudden it's a different model”, says Trevor Watkins, partner at Pinsent Masons. “The ability of a club to play itself into trouble and go bust is considerably less than 10 years ago.”
He estimates that a typical Premier League club, aside from the top four, is now worth £120m-£150m, compared with the £62m that Aston Villa's owner Randy Lerner paid for the club in 2006, or the £100m valuation put on West Ham when it was bought in 2010.
That firmer financial footing means owners are in a stronger position, making it easier to negotiate deals that bring in new investment while retaining control.
The Premier League's increasing popularity overseas is also an attraction, particularly for those with interests in sports teams elsewhere, as is the case for Mr Harris and Mr Blitzer at Crystal Palace and Mr Hulsizer at Bournemouth.
Writing to fans in the match-day programme on Monday, Steve Parish, Crystal Palace's co-chairman, said that he believed the current owners and the new investors can “work together”, but that it was important that control remained in the hands of “people who love [the club] as much as we do”.
Mr Harris and Mr Blitzer both own stakes in the National Basketball Association's Philadelphia 76ers and the National Hockey League's New Jersey Devils, while Mr Hulsizer is a minority owner of NHL team Minnesota Wild.
Adding football to their investment stable offers the chance to work with existing partners, such as advertisers and sponsors, in new markets.
Bournemouth FC has said that it believes Mr Hulsizer will bring with him “strategic insight and international presence”. It did not divulge whether he understood the complexities of the game like the offside rule.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg plans to propose a far-reaching municipal ban on sales of large-size sugary beverages by restaurants, mobile food carts, movie theaters and delis, his administration said on Wednesday.
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg presents his proposed executive 2013 New York City budget at City Hall in New York, May 3, 2012. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
A document outlining the proposal said it was aimed at fighting an epidemic of obesity, citing public health statistics showing that 58 percent of New York City adults and nearly 40 percent of city public school students are obese or overweight.
The proposal defines sugary drinks as beverages that are “sweetened with sugar or another caloric sweetener that contain more than 25 calories per 8 fluid ounces and contains less than 51 percent milk or milk substitute by volume as an ingredient.”
It would impact drinks sold in containers larger than 16 ounces, but would not impact the sale of diet soda or dairy-based drinks.
Americans consume 200 to 300 more calories every day than they did 30 years ago, according to the Bloomberg administration's analysis.
Bloomberg has used the power of the city government to promote other health measures, including a campaign to cut down on salt and a ban on trans fats in restaurant food, as well as a requirement that chain restaurants display calorie counts.
In 2003, the city banned smoking in bars and restaurants, generating howls of protest at the time from smokers and non-smokers who saw it as a case of government creeping into private lives, but the law has since become widely accepted.
Bloomberg, a political independent, is in the middle of his third four-year term as New York City mayor.
The response to Bloomberg's public health initiatives have been mixed. Earlier this month, a Quinnipiac University poll found that 45 percent of New York voters thought the government should discourage unhealthy eating and drinking habits, while 48 percent said the government shouldn't get involved.
Still, many of those initiatives, including the smoking ban, have become models for other cities.
The proposed ban on sugary drinks requires the approval of the city's Board of Health. It will be submitted to the board on June 12.
In a statement, a spokesman for the New York City Beverage Association challenged Bloomberg's assertion that the consumption of soda was driving obesity rates.
“It's time for serious health professionals to move on and seek solutions that are going to actually curb obesity,” said spokesman Stefan Friedman. “These zealous proposals just distract from the hard work that needs to be done on this front.”
Lawmakers on Wednesday defeated a Democratic-sponsored amendment that would have created chaplains for atheists who are serving in the nation's military.
Democratic New Jersey Rep. Robert Andrews proposed an amendment to the 2014 defense bill that would add atheists, humanists and “ethical culturalists” to the corps of chaplains. Their mission: To serve as guidance counselors to military members. House Armed Service Committee members shot it down, however, 43-18, the Marine Times reported.
Mr. Andrews said he never meant his proposal to be controversial. He just wanted to give atheists the same opportunity to visit with counselors and obtain the same personalized guidance as those of the faith.
“I don't offer this to be provocative,” he said, the Marine Times reported. “I don't offer this to be an attack on anyone else's faith.”
The military spells out the duties of its chaplain corps members to offer prayer, spiritual counseling and religious instruction, Breitbart reported.
Mr. Andrews‘ amendment had been supported by the Secular Coalition for America, which puts out that 23 percent of those serving in the military have no religious preference, or claim outright atheism, the Marine Times reported. The group said, in a statement, that counselors and psychiatrists are “inadequate substitution[s]” for chaplains because their discussions with military members aren't confidential, under military law.
“The chaplain-patient relationship enjoys more confidentiality that the psychiatrist or counselor relationship does,” the group said in a statement.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
It sounds like Yoda might be coming to Star Wars Battlefront via DLC judging by an IMDB listing.
The IMDB listing for Star Wars Battlefront has been updated and Tom Kane has two characters listed beside him now. He voices Admiral Ackbar and also Yoda has been added too.
We know Admiral Ackbar is in the game already as he gives advice to the player during the Missions. Yoda on the other hand is not in the game yet. This listing might be a sign that he's coming to the game in the future via DLC.
Bear in mind, IMDB pages can be edited and sometimes the information is not true. However, it's not outlandish for Yoda to be added in Battlefront. He was already a hero in Battlefront 2 as players could use him with his green lightsaber.
It's also worth mentioning Yoda is one of the more popular characters in the Star Wars universe. There are only six playable famous characters in the game so far, so there's room for more to come.
Hopefully other popular characters are coming to Star Wars Battlefront as well. Chewbacca should be added and maybe Obi Wan Kenobi too.
Border officials are bracing for yet another spike in asylum seekers crossing into Canada from the United States, an internal government document reveals, with thousands of additional claimants potentially arriving on our doorstep seeking refugee status.
A Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) intelligence analysis sheet, obtained this week by Global News, explains that the U.S. could be on the verge of ending Temporary Protection Status for citizens of El Salvador, Haiti, Nicaragua, Honduras and Syria.
WATCH: How the government plans to accommodate asylum seekers in the winter months
Related CBSA union outraged over delay in health notice from Health Canada on asylum seekers
In total, there are an estimated 320,000 people living in the U.S. under Temporary Protection Status (TPS) who are citizens of those five countries.
The TPS designation allows foreign nationals who are already in the U.S. to remain there as long as their home country is deemed unsafe due to temporary factors like armed conflict, natural disaster or epidemic.
They cannot be deported or detained until the status is lifted.
READ MORE: Haitians flee to Canada after Trump proposes end to protected status
But between January and March of 2018, the Trump administration will be assessing whether TPS should remain in place for various countries. Extensions for Haiti, El Saldavor, Nicaragua and Honduras are now considered “unlikely” by the Canada Border Services Agency, according to the document.
An extension for Syria, where violent conflict continues to rage, is being pegged as “somewhat likely.”
“If TPS designations are not renewed, the number of claims for the impacted countries is likely to spike,” the analysis states.
“Ports of entry in the Quebec, Southern Ontario and Pacific regions will likely be impacted most, with significant increases in claims in the month leading up to and directly after each expiration date.”
WATCH: Asylum seekers stealing opportunities from those facing ‘real persecution,' says Scheer
In late August, the RCMP confirmed that more than 3,800 people — the majority from Haiti — crossed the border illegally into Quebec during the two weeks spanning Aug. 1 to Aug. 15.
According to Customs and Immigration Union President Jean-Pierre Fortin, the daily crossings in Lacolle, Que., have since dropped to around 100 per day.
Meanwhile, the government has been engaged in a media blitz and other outreach activities to make it clear that there is no “free pass” into Canada.
READ MORE: Refugee claimants found in possession of child porn at Quebec border
But as the expiry of their temporary protection status in the U.S. looms, the CBSA document notes that the number of claimants from Haiti could spike again, and claims from Salvadorans and Syrians could also increase significantly.
Honduras and Nicaragua “are seen as wild cards,” the document adds.
“While the CBSA receives relatively few claims from these countries, the high number of of TPS holders may result in substantial increases should additional push factors arise as they have for Haiti.”
‘Push factors'
Those “push factors” could include social media being used to spread the word about coming to Canada, increases in gang violence in home countries like El Salvador, the tendency for Central American communities to influence each other's migration patterns, and positive news of other migrants reaching Canada.
READ MORE: Asylum seekers get health-care benefits first, eligibility questions later
The government says it is continuing to monitor the situation closely and preparing for different possible scenarios this winter.
“Intelligence reports provide useful information to help us understand these movements and potential future trends; however, we only know how many asylum claimants there are when they arrive,” said a statement issued by the office of Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale.
Goodale's office noted that following Haitian MP Emmanuel Dubourg's trip to Miami last month, Liberal MP Pablo Rodriguez was in Los Angeles last weekend to meet with members of the Hispanic community, including members of the Salvadoran, Honduran and Nicaraguan diaspora.
WATCH: Goodale repeats that irregular crossing into Canada is no free ticket into the country
Conservative immigration critic Michelle Rempel says that's not enough.
“I think that there are two things that the government needs to do in this situation that they have not been doing yet,” she said.
“First of all, the prime minister has made no effort to distance himself from his comments and his tweet that he made in January … (that) is perpetuating this problem, which is no longer hypothetical based on this data.”
Second, said Rempel, the government must do more to deter people from coming into Canada, in part by swiftly deporting failed asylum claimants to their country of origin. Currently, it can take months to determine if an asylum claim can even be made.
Rempel said Canadians are compassionate and open, but the asylum system needs to be perceived as fair and must support the world's most vulnerable.
Avoiding deportation
The CBSA document also points out that Canada has granted some regions in Somalia, South Sudan, Syria, and Yemen an “Administrative Deferral of Removal,” which is similar to the American TPS. It prevents the Canadian government from deporting people back to those unstable areas, regardless of their immigration status.
READ MORE: Trudeau government fearful a massive refugee surge could hurt 2019 re-election campaign
A recent report from Reuters indicates deportations to dangerous zones are happening anyway, but the possible shelter of an Administrative Deferral of Removal is being considered another potential “push factor” by the CBSA.
“Obviously we do have some concern (for) the very near future,” said union president Fortin.
“Since 2016, we're seeing the results of the Conservative government's (border staffing) cuts. That's why we kept asking the government — the actual government, the Liberals — to overturn that decision.”
Fortin said that at the height of the crisis in August, border services agents were under “tremendous pressure to speed up the process” and that screening suffered as a result. Ottawa needs to learn from those mistakes, he added.
“Hopefully they will be speaking to (us) and also to the frontline officers that actually had to manage this crisis, because we don't see a clear direction where right now the government is going with this.”
Protest/Rally to bring public attention to the almost 10 raids by the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) in the past two weeks on medical marijuana patients and providers in California. These raids have gone un-noticed in the media. We will be calling on President elect Obama to end these DEA raids or next year Santa Claus will be delivering coal to The White House at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave in Washington DC. "The DEA should be happy that I stop at all for them this year," declares
Mr. Claus. "They have stolen from patients, thwarted justice, terrorized
the state of California and wasted huge amounts of valuable resources.
They are shameful, unapologetic, should be spanked and sent to bed without
supper."
Press Release: SANTA CLAUS DELIVERS LUMPS OF COAL TO THE DEA TODAY (Downtown LA, Christmas eve, 4:00 PM)December 24, 2008FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE----------EVENT: Protest/Rally to bring public attention to the almost 10 raids by the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) in the past two weeks on medical marijuana patients and providers in California. These raids have gone un-noticed in the media. We will be calling on President elect Obama to end these DEA raids or next year Santa Claus will be delivering coal to The White House at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave in Washington DC.Media Contact:Degé CouteePatient Advocacy Network(323) 334-5282DATE: 12-24-2008LOCATION: DEA Headquarters255 E Temple StreetDowntown Los AngelesTIME: 4:00 PM on the dotSANTA CLAUS DELIVERS COAL TO THE DEA TODAY (Christmas eve, 4:00 PM)MEDICAL CANNABIS PATIENTS HONOR THOSE IN PRISONLOS ANGELES – December 24, 2008 - Santa Claus has announced that he isdelivering a few bags of coal to 255 E. Temple Street in Downtown LosAngeles today at 4 p.m."The DEA should be happy that I stop at all for them this year," declaresMr. Claus. "They have stolen from patients, thwarted justice, terrorizedthe state of California and wasted huge amounts of valuable resources.They are shameful, unapologetic, should be spanked and sent to bed withoutsupper."Patients will gather to tell Santa their wishes for the New Year and newWhite House Administration and hold a candlelight vigil for those patientswho remain in prison due to U.S. failed drug policies."There are many wonderful people in our jails and prisons who arenon-violent cannabis users. They should be at home with their families,not in prison. We demand president-elect Obama put an end to these raidsand useless incarcerations," states Degé Coutee, president of PatientAdvocacy Network, a Southern California based medical cannabis patientadvocacy and education organization.Coutee continues, "What we witnessed last week was no more than armedChristmas shopping. The DEA took televisions, jewelry and cars, but noarrests were made all while holding patients at gunpoint. This is notpublic safety. This is government sanctioned terrorism.""I will be lighting a freedom joint" Santa added, "and passing it around toshare and show unity amongst cannabis patients and their supporters. Ichallenge the feds to arrest Santa Claus on Christmas eve."There have been 10 DEA raids on legally qualified patients and theirproviders throughout Southern California in the last two weeks. Cash,medicine and personal property were taken, some without a warrant. Noarrests were made but patients were threatened. For more informationcontact Patient Advocacy Network at (323) 334-5282 or patientadvocates [at] riseup.net or visit http://www.CannabisSavesLives.com End of press release
Saskatchewan environment officials say chronic-wasting disease was confirmed in three new wildlife management zones in 2017.
Chronic-wasting disease is a fatal infection of the central nervous system in deer, elk, reindeer and moose.
It has been identified in 32 of the Saskatchewan's 83 wildlife management areas.
The new areas are southeast of North Battleford, northwest of Yorkton and in the province's most southwestern corner.
The province says 36 animals, including 30 mule deer and six white-tailed deer, have tested positive for chronic-wasting disease so far this year.
Hunters are being encouraged to test any animals they take down by submitting the heads to a field officer no later than Jan. 8.
“This disease is obviously expanding on the landscape and remains a concern for wildlife management in the province,” Brant Kirychuk, executive director of the Environment Ministry's fish, wildlife and lands branch, said in a news release.
A human case of chronic-wasting disease has never been identified, but the province is discouraging hunters from eating or distributing for food the meat or other parts from animals that have not been tested or that are found to be positive.
BEIJING (Reuters) - China does not feel threatened by countries in Southeast Asia and is optimistic about the situation in the disputed South China Sea, the Foreign Ministry said, warning Japan not to “spread rumors” it plans a new air defense identification zone.
China alarmed Japan, South Korea and the United States last year when it announced an air defense identification zone for the East China Sea, covering a group of uninhabited islands at the center of a bitter ownership spat between China and Japan.
Last week, Japanese newspaper the Asahi Shimbun said China was considering setting up a similar zone - where foreign aircraft are supposed to report their movements to China - in the South China Sea, prompting the U.S. State Department to warn against such a move.
In a statement released late on Saturday, China's Foreign Ministry implied there was no need for such a zone in the South China Sea, where China, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei, the Philippines and Taiwan all have competing claims.
“Generally speaking, China does not feel there is an air security threat from ASEAN countries,” the ministry said, referring to the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
“China feels optimistic about relations with countries surrounding the South China Sea and the general situation in the South China Sea,” the ministry said, adding it believed prospects for ties with ASEAN were “bright”.
While the ministry said China had a right to set up air defense identification zones which nobody should criticize, it criticized Japan for attempting to distract attention from Japan's own military plans.
“Right wing forces in Japan have again been hyping up so-called plans that China will shortly set up an air defense identification zone in the South China Sea, which is purely to try and distract international attention, to cover up their conspiracy to ... expand their military,” the ministry said.
“We warn these forces not to delude people with rumors for their own selfish interests and play up tensions, and hope the relevant party talks and acts cautiously,” it added.
Ties have been strained by a recent visit by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to a controversial shrine for war dead, China's East China Sea air defense zone and the long-running dispute over a string of islets both countries claim, known as the Diaoyu in Chinese and the Senkaku in Japanese.
China, which is swiftly ramping up military spending, has regularly dispatched patrols to the East China Sea since it established the defense zone.
China has repeatedly denied Japanese accusations of being a threat to peace, saying it is Japan which is the threat, warning that Tokyo is trying to rearm and has failed to learn the lessons from its brutal behavior during World War Two.
In the early days of 2014, “little green men,” irregular paramilitary forces, began popping up across Crimean outposts. The West assumed they were Russian soldiers, but could they be sure?
Putin claimed these obscured troops were pro-Russian local defense forces, indigenous to the Ukraine but fans of the Kremlin. But Mike Mariani explained in his recent expose how “the Kremlin carefully orchestrated an elaborate political spectacle to create the appearance of strong support for the annexation. This spectacle is known in Russian as dramaturgia, or theater craft.”
Only a few days later, these insurgents laid the groundwork for the Russian invasion and seizure of Crimea. The chaos created by “little green men” delayed Western responses to a surprise Russian invasion providing the Kremlin the upper hand militarily and creating what appeared to be legitimacy to the March 2014 Crimean referendum.
Today, Vladimir Putin, during an interview in St. Petersburg, changed his previous denials admitting Russians might have meddled in the U.S. election in 2016. Similar to obfuscation in Crimea, Putin said “patriotically minded” Russians may have conducted the cyberattacks.
Hackers, he contended, “are like artists” who choose their targets depending on how they feel “when they wake up in the morning.” He added that Russian hackers “fight against those who say bad things about Russia.”
This response reiterates a Russian pattern, tacit omission of Russian involvement with “plausible deniability” with regards to Kremlin responsibility. Whether it's on the ground in Crimea or online in social media, Russia's dramaturgia seeks to mask overt government actions as grassroots nationalism.
In both cyberhacking and cyberinfluence, the Kremlin's layering of proxies and agents mask Russia's responsibility, confuse fact and fiction, and frustrate Western efforts to stop the march of Russian Active Measures.
Russian Active Measures to sway the U.S. election, by design, sought to obscure attribution through denial and deception. Whether a physical incursion or a digital revolution, the Kremlin confuses reality to push their preferred perception of strength and widespread support.
Here at The Daily Beast last summer, Andrew Weisburd and I showed how Russia created fake news of a terrorist attack at the U.S. airbase in Incirlik, Turkey to influence U.S. audiences. The Kremlin created the equivalent of “little cyber green men” creating accounts that look like grassroots Americans and amplifying messages through automated bots designed to create the impression of larger discussions.
Russia pairs these covert bots and personas with real people and media outlets, physically placed outside of Russia, that spew and promote Russian propaganda. These grey entities of uncertain attribution create the virtual world impression of grassroots Russian nationalism in Western countries. Deeper examination of these rabble rousers and their outlets yields a familiar pattern—Russian emigrants, educated by the Kremlin, who want to reside abroad but preach for Putin. After all, if they're so motivated by Russian nationalism, why live abroad?
Critical in the creation of cyber dramaturgia and for the Kremlin to maintain plausible deniability are physical actors doing Russia's preferred bidding. As I noted during my recent testimony to the Senate Armed Services subcommittee on cybersecurity, the Kremlin cultivates “Useful Idiots” who unwittingly promote Russian positions, and recruits “Fellow Travelers,” like-minded and witting supporters of Putin, amongst foreign populations to further Russian aims and solidify their legitimacy.
These real-world actors become propaganda tools that Russia's cyber propagandists promote leading to the growth of supportive communities amongst U.S. populations—notably the alt-right—who join in promotion and potentially hacking unwittingly at the behest of Russia.
Putin's backhanded confession resembled the traditional Russian playbook and mirrors claims in the Christopher Steele dossier on page eight, where a source reported the intelligence effort against the Clinton campaign used “Russian émigré and associated offensive cyber operators based in the US; and… state sponsored cyber operatives working in Russia.”
From the start, the Kremlin prepared to be caught in the act and prepared their response.
Russian intelligence provides Putin “plausible deniability” by creating “little cyber green men” through contract and coercion rather than recruitment and training. Whereas the NSA's cyberoffensive capability must be developed endogenously by identifying, training, and retaining top cybertalent wearing the American credentials, Russia's military intelligence arm, the GRU, builds their hacker cadres from Russian cybersecurity companies and the criminal underground.
Rather than drape them in military fatigues, the Kremlin keeps these hackers and cyberexperts in the civilian world. Contracting cutouts and criminals keep attribution to the Kremlin a step removed. Unsurprisingly, the Obama administration on Dec. 29 of last year sanctioned a Russian company, Zor Security known for offensive security research, alongside the GRU. Russian intelligence pressure cybercriminals to conduct hacking as needed on their behalf in exchange for a vacated prison sentence or co-opt bots when needed as a proxy for Russian intelligence activities.
President Trump appears to be the only one who is not convinced Russians, either officially or unofficially, hacked and influenced the U.S. election. Seventeen intelligence agencies and the Kremlin agree that Russia, not China or someone in a basement, broke into the DNC and many other Americans private databases and email servers.
"Putin's timing also seems strange, coming the day after revelations that President Trump is negotiating the return of Russian compounds in the U.S.—the same ones that were taken by the Obama administration in response to Kremlin election meddling.” Is Putin trying to help Trump move past the controversy, or is he taking credit for swaying American minds?
The Russian meddling investigations, numbering three, will only ramp up in the coming months and Putin appears to play from the outside. Will his comments seek to ease tensions or further promote Active Measures to foment conflict in U.S. politics? We don't know which one it will be, but we can be sure he has a plan. Unlike America, the Kremlin always does.
Michael McFaul, a former U.S. ambassador to Russia, blasted Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE on Twitter Friday for saying that Russian President Vladimir Putin has been a better leader than President Obama.
Trump and his running mate Mike Pence Michael (Mike) Richard PencePence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration 'And the award for best political commentary by an Oscar nominee goes to...' UN nuclear watchdog: Iran maintains compliance with 2015 pact MORE praised the Russian leader as "stronger" than Obama, citing his polled approval rating as evidence.
If Obama seized control of Fox, allowed only supporters in Congress, closed the NRA & arrested Trump, he too might have 80% approval rating — Michael McFaul (@McFaul) September 9, 2016
McFaul, who served as the ambassador in Moscow from 2012 to 2014, also slammed Trump for fawning over an authoritarian leader.
In praising Putin, Trump conflates "strong leader" with autocratic rule. Imagine earlier presidents doing that in Cold War or interwar eras? — Michael McFaul (@McFaul) September 9, 2016
The former ambassador has been an outspoken critic of the real estate mogul, arguing that a Trump presidency would be in the Kremlin's best interest.
Trump has struggled to put to bed claims that his campaign is too close to Russia's interests, criticism that found new life Thursday evening, when he gave an interview on a TV station owned by the Russian government.
OB Roundup
Android's stock browser sets the bar high for mobile browsers, standardizing features like voice search, User Agents (optimizing the interface for the screen size), multi-device syncing, JavaScript support, Adobe Flash if you're running Android 2.2, and numerous sharing options.
The stock browser gets the job done, but Android users have so many more options that are even faster, lighter, stronger, smarter—whatever superlative you seek, really—than the stock browser. Whether you want to customize a gesture-based command, block mobile ads with a plug-in, or shrink your bandwidth consumption by 90 percent, there's an alternative mobile browser for you.
Cult-favorite Dolphin, our Editors' Choice, continues to lap the others when it comes to innovation and releasing rapid-fire updates to its Mini and HD browsers. Mozilla just released its tenth iteration of Firefox for Android, making it faster than ever. Oslo-based Opera revved up Mobile to version 12 and Mini to version 7. Meanwhile in the past year Google finally released mobile Chrome in beta, and we saw a relative newcomer emerge from China, UC Browser for Android. This list is by no means exhaustive, of course.
Regular or Mini?
For this roundup, we've explored seven alternatives to Android's stock browser. The easiest way to sort these browsers is by cleaving them into two categories: traditional, full-featured mobile browser (Dolphin Browser HD, Firefox Mobile, Chrome in beta) or smaller, data-conscious mini browsers. Full-fledged mobile browsers tend to deliver a more desktop-complete mobile experience with advanced feature sets and support for embedded video, whereas their minis prize performance and backward compatibility.
Browsers Benchmarked
We benchmarked these browsers wherever possible, and in the case of the mini browsers—not suited to JavaScript tests—we performed real-world testing. Take a look at the reviews, performance charts, and slideshows. This list is by no means complete, lacking cult favorites like SkyFire and Maxthon for Android, but the following are tried and true alternatives we'd recommend:
Just in time for Presidents' Day, the Pew Research Center revealed the results of studies on what qualities today's voters want their new president to have.
While many political pundits concentrate on a candidate's electability in a general election, Pew found in a September survey that 65 percent of registered Democrats and 67 percent of registered Republicans said they were more concerned with candidates' stances on issues than with a candidate having the best chance of defeating the other party's nominee.
Fifty-five percent of registered voters overall valued a candidate who has “new ideas and a different approach,” while 37 percent said it was more important for a candidate to have “experience and a proven record.” These numbers reflect a massive shift from the figures taken six months prior. A survey from March 2015, conducted more than a year before the first 2016 primaries, found that 50 percent of voters wanted a candidate with “experience and a proven record.” At that time, only 43 percent prioritized “new ideas and a fresh approach.”
RELATED: Donald Trump unleashes on Ted Cruz
This striking flip can be attributed to Republican and Republican-leaning voters. The share of Republicans valuing new ideas increased by almost 30 percentage points over the six-month period from 36 percent to 65 percent. The race for the GOP presidential nomination has been described by some as “the year of the outsider,” with primary voters largely rejecting candidates considered to be the political establishment. Newcomers to politics, Donald Trump, Ben Carson and Carly Fiorina have all experienced surges at various points in the election cycle — reactions many have identified as a rebuke to congressional Republicans. Even sitting senators have tried to distance themselves from Congress, with Sen. Ted Cruz's repeatedly dubbing his colleagues as being part of the “Washington Cartel.”
Experience as a Washington lawmaker is also seen more negatively by today's voters. Research conducted in January found that 31 percent of the public — and 44 percent of Republicans and Republican-leaning voters — said they would be less likely to cast a general election ballot for someone who had been an elected official in Washington for many years.
Although Democratic voters' opinions have remained far more stable — 50 percent valued experience in September and 46 percent said the same in March — the year of the outsider philosophy has in some respects held true. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, once presumed to be the front-runner, just suffered a notable loss in the New Hampshire primary, earning 38 percent of the vote as compared to Sen. Bernie Sanders' 60 percent.
Another survey examined the role of faith in the 2016 race. The majority of U.S. adults said it would make no difference to them if a presidential candidate were Jewish or Catholic, 80 percent and 75 percent respectively. However, there is limited support for Muslim and atheist candidates. Forty-two percent said they would be less likely to vote for a Muslim, a sentiment echoed by Ben Carson, and 51 percent said they would be less likely to vote for an atheist.
Among traits seen as preferable by the public, military service ranks most positively. Fifty percent of Americans said they would be more likely to vote for a presidential candidate who has served in the armed forces. Four candidates in the 2016 cycle served in the military — former Gov. Jim Gilmore, Sen. Lindsey Graham, former Gov. Rick Perry and former Sen. Jim Webb — but all have since ended their presidential bids.
With tenth season of the Intel Extreme Masters having kicked off in Shenzhen on July the 16th and continuing next week with Intel Extreme Masters Cologne, we are happy to officially announce that the tournament series will be returning to San Jose's SAP Center on November the 21st and 22nd!
Intel Extreme Masters San Jose will host both a US$100,000 Counter-Strike: Global Offensive tournament and a US$50,000 League of Legends competition. The League of Legends and Counter-Strike competitions, which will once more feature top teams from around the world, will be played on two equally massive stages, making Intel Extreme Masters San Jose the biggest CS:GO event North America has seen to date.
Aside from the prize pool, which will increase further through community funding, the stop will also play an important role in deciding which teams we will see at the Intel Extreme Masters World Championship in Katowice in 2016.
A whole new viewing experience
Unlike last year, when the stages faced the length of the field, this year we will be shifting the viewing experience so that stages run along the length of the field facing the bleachers. This will allow us to build two huge identical stages, one for each game, with a mirrored viewing setup on each side of the arena.
In order to give attendees full viewing freedom, we have also moved away from dedicated seating and game-specific tickets to a first come, first served system in which the entire arena is open to everyone. This way, fans can move around as they wish and take part in the event's various side activities regardless of which game they came to watch.
Complementing our first come, first served system we will be offering only two types of tickets. Regular 2-Day Event passes as well as Premium 2-Day Event passes which come with early entrance and other perks that will be announced on Monday the 3rd of August.
Stay tuned as we continue on the road to San Jose!
Every year, Intel Extreme Masters works hard on improving upon the previous season. This is why we want to make this year's Intel Extreme Masters San Jose is even more special than the last. You can tune in to some exciting Intel Extreme Masters action next week as the Intel Extreme Masters visit gamescom in Cologne, with StarCraft II and a special CS:GO invitational set to take place there.
To keep up to date with all the latest information about Intel Extreme Masters, head over to our website and be sure to follow us on Twitter and Facebook.
They met in an online forum when they were pre-teens; now they're packing festivals with technicoloured dance music – even if they'd rather be on a farm
As the distant echoes of an LCD Soundsystem performance bleed through the walls of their trailer, Porter Robinson and Hugo Leclercq, better known by his nom de disque Madeon, are currently relaxing on a couch after playing for a couple thousand people during the last day of the Austin City Limits music festival.
“This is a very surreal way of living, but overall pretty pleasant I think,” explains Robinson, 24, a grey knit cap over his flowing hair. “When you're on tour you usually wake up in a bunk on a bus, barely manage to get yourself clean by midday, eat something, and then are suddenly you're standing in front of 6,000 people. Then you do all of that over again the next day. It's a kind of hypnotic ritual.”
The hypnotic tour Robinson is currently experiencing is a joint one with his friend Madeon. Named after their latest single, Shelter, it's an expansive jaunt that takes them from festivals like this one to monster venues – they're doing two nights at both the Theater at Madison Square Garden in New York and the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles. It's also a victory lap for the duo who can now command the crowds to pack both venues, a testament to their growing popularity since they first broke out onto the electronic scene, albeit separately, in 2011. “It's funny because we've been working about six years professionally, but we met when were pretty much children,” says Robinson. “I was 12 and he was 14.”
“To me, it doesn't feel that long at all,” says Madeon, now 22 but seeming years younger in a varsity jacket and a blue baseball cap pulled over his scruffy face. “We've been close peers well before either of us had a hint of ever having a music career, and when we did eventually find success it was through completely different avenues.” Robinson and Madeon first met on an online music production forum. The faraway friends (Robinson in his hometown of Chapel Hill, North Carolina, and Madeon in Nantes, France), hit it off, albeit digitally, and began sending tracks back and forth.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Mad(eon) for it: Porter Robinson and Madeon in action. Photograph: Julian Bajsel
Besides sharing creative tastes, the two also bonded thanks to a shared desire to hone their craft meticulously. Even tonight they are painstakingly tweaking minor mix changes for an upcoming song just a few minutes after playing the night's set.
“For a lot of kids who are starting today, there's this goal of being a DJ headliner you can aspire to, whereas back in 2010 or 2011 when, oh my god, I got $500 for a song,” says Robinson. “That was basically the limit of my aspirations at the time. We weren't trying to become headliners or reach the top because that career path didn't exist.”
Despite being currently near the top of the hedonistic EDM scene, the two pride themselves on preserving simple lives. They both currently still live with their parents (Robinson's have tagged along for tonight's show along with his three younger brothers), and each avoid the excesses of fame. “I've been having really late nights and I'm not a night owl or party dude at all,” Robinson says. “Ideally, I'd be waking up at 7am on my farm.”
Can you still make dance music if you're too young to go raving? Read more
Robinson doesn't really live on a farm, but the reality isn't far off. He enjoys the comfort of being with his family, dogs, and studio in the quiet North Carolina house he grew up in, though he thinks he'll move eventually. “Touring is so encompassing and overwhelming, it feels really good to come back to something you are familiar with.”
Madeon echoes the sentiments. “I like coming home to my parents and forgetting about the more glamorous aspects about it.”
For now though, all focus is on Shelter Live, a rollicking show that encapsulates both of their music careers and features the duo interpreting each other's songs, busting out both brand-new tracks and fan favorites. Of course there are plenty of flaming pyrotechnics, intricate lighting cues, and eye-candy graphics, some of which include the Japanese anime they both enjoy.
“Preparing a show of this magnitude just on the audio side and coming up with ideas of what the show could consist of can be difficult,” ponders Robinson. “We're not going up just playing our originals, which would be easy. Combining that with the visual show, there's not a single look in there that we didn't make significant changes too. The visuals alone took a week of nonstop work. There's not a big secret to it; it's just very hard.”
As the duo preps to depart the festival grounds at City Limits (their crew only has an hour window to pack up their gear and leave), they're spending the night in a nearby hotel room; a luxury compared to the tourbus they've become accustomed too. Then tomorrow, they leave Texas and do it all again and again, something they're just fine with. “I don't take vacations or any time off, all I do is make music,” says Madeon. “There's nothing else I'd rather be doing. I really, really like making music ... a lot.”
EXCLUSIVE: We've learned that Amazon has picked up five new pilots. We hear they are drama Carnival Row, from the Pacific R im duo of Guillermo del Toro & Travis Beacham and Star Trek alum Rene Echeverria; dramedy The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel from Gilmore Girls creator Amy-Sherman Palladino; drama Strange New Things, from writer Matt Charman (Bridge of Spies) and director Kevin MacDonald; real-life superhero comedy The Legend of Master Legend, from writers Micah Fitzerman-Blue & Noah Harpster and pre-revolutionary Cuba drama Tropicana, from writers Josh Goldin & Rachel Abramowitz and producer Andrea Simon.
All five projects are from Amazon Studios; Carnival Row co-produced with Legendary TV; Strange New Things with UK's Left Bank Pictures.
Carni val Row stems from a major development deal Amazon Studios inked in early 2015 for the project, a TV series version of Beacham's cult 11-year-old supernatural feature spec script A Killing on Carnival Row. Amazon at the time ordered three scripts from the project, to be co-written by The 4400 co-creator Echeverria, del Toro, Beacham and Peter Cameron. Echevarria wrote the pilot script, which is going to production, and serves as showrunner. Del Toro, Beacham and Echevarria executive produce alongside Gary Ungar.
A Killing on Carnival Row is set in the future in a city called the Burgue, which looks a lot like 18th Century London. It is inhabited by humans and other creatures, and a serial killer is on the loose.
The Amazon pilot order caps an 11-year journey for Beacham, who originally sold his feature script to New Line and Koppelson Entertainment as a spec in 2005. Guillermo Del Toro and Neil Jordan flirted with the project while it was at New Line and then, following New Line's absorption by Warner Bros., Arnold and Anne Kopelson tried shopping it to studios with Immortals helmer Tarsem Singh attached.
Associated Press
Sherman-Palladino's dramedy The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel, which she wrote and executive produces, is about a 1950s housewife who decides to be one of the first female standup comics. Sherman-Palladino is currently in post-production on the four Gilmore Girls movies for Netflix, which serve as a sequel to her signature dramedy series.
Joshuah Bearman
The half-hour The Legend of Master Legend was written by Micah Fitzerman-Blue and Noah Harpster based on Joshuah Bearman's Rolling Stone article about real-life superheros. It centers on Master Legend and his sidekick, the Ace. Fitzerman-Blue and Harpster are executive producing with Bearman.
Tropicana, written/executive produced by Josh Goldin and Rachel Abramowitz and executive produced by Andrea Simon, is set in pre-revolutionary Cuba in and around the world of The Tropicana nightclub. With the club as a focal point, the series explores the intersection of entertainers, the mob, Batista loyalists, Castro revolutionaries and the American CIA.
Photograph by Eric Schwabel for AwardsLine
Strange New Things, which Deadline wrote about in April, was penned by Matt Charman, with Kevin MacDonald set to direct. An adaptation of Michel Faber's prais ed 2014 book The Book Of Strange New Things, the story revolves around Peter Leigh, an English pastor who embarks on the journey of a lifetime into deep space that takes him light years away from his beloved wife, Bea. Described as “Heart Of Darkness in space,” Strange New Things is an epic with a heart-wrenching love story of a husband and wife with the universe between them at the center. Charman, MacDonald and Andy Harries exec produce.
Iconic musician Brian Eno will provide music and soundscape for the series, believed to be one of the most ambitious TV projects ever to emanate from the UK.
In computer chess there is no getting past Komodo, a two-time ICGA Computer World Chess Champion. Find out how Komodo can take your game to the next level!
11/28/2016 – Today, Mark Taimanov died at the age of 90 in his hometown St. Petersburg. The Russian Grandmaster was one of the greatest personalities in the history of chess and a man with many talents. After being a filmstar when still a child he later formed a famous piano duo with his first wife, and was one of the world's best chessplayers though he lost his most famous match 0-6 against Bobby Fischer. Obituary...
In Memoriam Mark Taimanov (1926-2016)
Mark Taimanov is dead. The Russian Grandmaster died last night in his hometown St. Petersburg. The chess world mourns a great personality of our game. Mark Taimanow leaves his fourth wife Nadjeshda and two children aged 12 behind. When I called his widow to express my sympathies her voice is calm and collected. „Mark had been seriously ill for one-and-a-half years. And he reached such a high age. For that we are all grateful.“
Kasparov, Nadja and Mark Taimanov, 2011
In February the grandmaster celebrated his 90th birthday. Back then Taimanov mentioned in an interview that 80 students studied at in his chess school which is situated close to Nevsky Prospect. „It will continue," Nadja assures.
Mark Taimanov was a multi-talent. His first chess teacher was no other than Mikhail Botvinnik. Botvinnik predicted a great chess career for the 11-year old. But Taimanov also delighted countless people at home and abroad as concert pianist. He often toured with his first wife Ljubow Bruk and recorded prize-winning records.
Ljubov Bruk and Mark Taimanov at the piano
Mark Taimanov 1970
Taimanov was Soviet Champion, olympic gold medalist and World Championship Candidate. In 1971 he played a legendary candidate match against Bobby Fischer in Vancouver - Taimanov lost 0-6.
During his long career Mark Taimanov met great chess players but also a large number of renowned personalities such as Churchill, Khrushchev and Fidel Castro. The latter, who died on Friday, was also born in 1926. In 1993 and 1994 Mark Taimanow became World Senior Champion. In 2004, at the age of 78, he became father of twins.
The Taimanov family, 2012 in Dresden
Artur Jussupov: "Mark was a positive person"
Artur Jussupov, too, was distressed when he heard about the death of Mark Taimanov. On the phone he said: „I was lucky to meet Mark more than once. He was a very positive person. Yesterday, during one of my lessons, I happened to show a game we had played against each other. Taimanov had a good positional style. Even when he was not young anymore he proved his class. When he had the position under control, he could play with great ease. But he lacked doggedness, the killer instinct which you need to make it to the very top. Maybe this was due to Mark Taimanovs easy way of living. The defeat against Fischer certainly affected his self-confidence. After that he was no longer part of the world's top. But Taimanov has never lost his humor. He liked to tell wonderful stories about his long chess life. I will remember him as a person with a positive charisma.“
Mark Taimanov, Boris Spassky, Evgeny Vasiukov 2012 in Dresden
Taimanov followed current events in the chess world until last. Acouple of years he came with his family to Dresden to meet old companions during the "Meeting of Grandmasters 75+". The talks with him were a treat - not least for the chess journalist in me.
Mark Taimanov
Apart from chess and music Mark Taimanov had another passion... the ladies. His fourth (!) wife Nadjeshda (who today is 55) knew this only too well. Twenty years ago, during the match Ladies vs Veterans in London, I had the chance to talk with Mark Taimanov and her.
Mark, what do you put first in life?
Women are my greatest passion. Music and chess only follow next. I want to quote the words of the great Siegbert Tarrasch: „Chess, like love, like music, has the power to make man happy.“
You started to play chess relatively late in life...
Yes, I was already eleven years old. Funnily enough, music and film brought me to chess.
What happened?
When I was seven years old I learned to play the piano at a musical school in Leningrad. A bit later, in 1937, they made the film "Beethoven's concert". I was cast to play the leading role but in the film I did not play a piano player but a violinist.
That is, you also learned to play this instrument?
Yes, I had to. Incidentally, the film was a huge success and won first prize at the International Film Festival in Paris. Suddenly I was a well-known actor.
And chess?
At that time I also went to the recently opened Pioneer Palace in Leningrad were the most talented girls and boys were instructed in various areas of culture. When I was asked what else I am interested in, my inner voice said: 'Go to the chess club!' Which I did.
Who was your first teacher?
I had some rudimentary knowledge about the game. But the director of the chess club was no less than our great Mikhail Botvinnik who at that time lived in Leningrad. He was a remarkable teacher. Thanks to him my chess career started.
And what happened to your musical talent?
After World War II I finished the conservatory in Leningrad and together with my first wife I toured for many years in the Soviet Union and in many countries of the world. We belonged to the world's five best piano duos and also made records. My chess career ran parallel to that. I played rather successfully and even managed to become a candidate for the World title.
Who are your favorite composers?
Why don't you ask which openings I like best? That would be easier to answer. But well, the great Bach, Mozart, the romantics Chopin, Schumann and the Russians Tschaikovsky and Rakhmaninov.
And which openings are you particularly found of?
With Black the Nimzo-Indian and the Sicilian, of course. I wrote a number of books about these openings, and these book also appeared in Germany. I also wrote a book about the English Opening.
But you also published other titles...
Yes, for instance the book "How I became Fischer's victim".
Well, you can say that again.
In my candidates match against Fischer in Vancouver 1971 I went down like a lead balloon, but I am still happy to have played this match against Fischer. He was a unique phenomenon.
The sixth game of the match Fischer vs Taimanov 1971 in Vancouver
You are married for the fourth time. Are you in favor of polygamy?
I have to admit that I have never been particularly monogamous in this area of life.
Will Nadjeshda be your last wife?
Yes, that is for sure. I officially commit myself here: she is my swan song and occupies a very special place in my life.
Why?
No woman is like the other. Nadja has something of everything. I love her very much, and not only because she is so young. I won't find a better one. Among all other things she is also an excellent housewife. You should try her pelmeni! A restaurant in Zurich prepares this Russian specialty after Nadja's recipe.
Nadjeshda, are you sure of Mark?
Nadja Taimanov: I don't really know. One of my friends, whose son is in seventh grade, recently said: „Perhaps Mark's next wife sits next to my son in class." - Mark Taimanov: That's a nice joke, but out of the question.
That's how he was. A man who loved life. Mark, we miss you.
Translation: Johannes Fischer
A majority of Americans support the legalization of marijuana for the first time in four decades of polling, according to Pew Research. Legalizing the drug — which has already happened in two states, while it has been decriminalized in 14 others — is supported by 52 percent of Americans; 45 percent would like to continue the federal prohibition against cannabis.
The shift in public attitudes seems closely tied to the public's growing weariness with imprisoning people for nonviolent drug crimes, with 72 percent saying that government efforts to enforce marijuana laws cost more than they are worth.
The percentage of Americans who see smoking marijuana as a “moral” issue has flipped since 2006. Then 50 percent said use of the drug was a moral issue. Today the same percentage say otherwise. This could be the effect of many seeing the so-called “War on Drugs” as more immoral than drug use itself.
Another key factor in the country's growing tolerance for the drug is Baby Boomers supporting legalization at even greater numbers than they did in the 1970s.
The generational divide on the drug — and the most overwhelming evidence that the cultural shift on marijuana will be permanent — comes from the answers to the question, “Have you ever happened to try marijuana in the past year?”
116
0
0
0
50
166
Kelly Wallace is CNN's digital correspondent and editor-at-large covering family, career and life. Read her other columns and follow her reports at CNN Parents and on Twitter.
(CNN) I must admit there is nothing quite like sitting in a ballroom with nearly 3,000 women and listening to the howls of laughter, cheers and applause after watching some of the most popular girl-empowerment ads of the year.
One of the crowd favorites, which had some women chuckling so hard they had tears in their eyes, has been seen more than 32 million times on YouTube and another 30 million-plus on Facebook.
In the ad, a woman throws her daughter a "First Moon Party" after her daughter, using nail polish with glitter, pretends to have gotten her period for the first time. (Spoiler alert: The mom isn't fooled from the get-go!)
The hilarious ad by HelloFlo , a heath company for women of all ages, was one of the winners of the first #Femvertising Awards, created by SheKnows Media , a digital women's lifestyle media company. The awards were presented last week in New York at this year's BlogHer , the largest conference in the world for women in social media.
"Femvertising works because these types of ads champion girls and women -- they speak directly to them, and the people who love them, and celebrate them during various aspects of their life," Fama Francisco, vice president for global feminine care at Procter & Gamble, wrote in an email. (Always is one of Procter & Gamble's brands.)
HelloFlo founder and CEO Naama Bloom believes that her ads -- which include the equally hilarious "Camp Gyno" in 2013 and her newest, "Period Fairy," this year -- resonated because they "felt very fresh and shocking but in a very positive way for a lot of people."
JUST WATCHED Why doing it 'like a girl' is great Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Why doing it 'like a girl' is great 01:46
She also thinks they hit at the "right cultural moment," when we as a society are getting much more open about gender equality, she said.
"You can't open up a magazine or a newspaper or a website and not see something about women and STEM and women's empowerment and asking this celebrity if she's a feminist or not, so I think culturally, we are at a point where women are saying, 'Hey, why has all this stuff been shoved under the rug, and why do we feel ashamed of these things that are perfectly normal?' "
Bloom continued, "These types of things end up becoming almost a rallying cry in a way."
Impact on a brand's bottom line
Samantha Skey, chief revenue officer of SheKnows Media, hailed the winning brands for showing that ads "can challenge gender norms through advertising."
She added, "(They) can sell products while also selling good ideas and good values and socially empowering women and girls."
I've often wondered how effective these ads actually are when it comes to moving products and what impact they have on a brand's bottom line. Judging by the results of a survey conducted by SheKnows in the fall, they can give a powerful financial boost to a company.
Fifty-two percent of the more than 600 women surveyed online nationally said they have bought a product because they liked how the ad for it portrayed women, and 71% of those surveyed said they believe brands should be held responsible for using their ads to promote positive messages to women and girls.
Bloom said her ads led to a "significant increase" in her company's financial outlook.
"I mean, no one knew who we were. We basically went from zero to having a business," she said, noting partnerships with big brands such as Procter & Gamble and Luna Bar, and projected revenue of $1 million or slightly above for 2015.
Not bad for a company that has just two full-time employees and expanded from a subscription service for tampons and pads to providing kits for women at different life stages and content and expert advice to young girls and women.
JUST WATCHED Do women apologize more than men? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Do women apologize more than men? 01:37
With larger brands, the impact can be even more substantial. Sales at Dove have reportedly soared from $2.5 billion to $4 billion in the 10 years since it launched its "Campaign for Real Beauty."
Kathy O'Brien, vice president of skin and marketing services for Unilever's Dove brand, wouldn't comment on sales numbers but said it has been "so exciting to watch the growth and impact of the brand."
In 2004, when Dove launched its campaign featuring more realistic portrayals of women's bodies, only 2% of women described themselves as beautiful, O'Brien said, based on Dove research.
"We on the brand felt a responsibility to change that," she said.
Ten years ago, women interviewed by Dove used words such as "young, blonde, skinny" to define beauty, she said. "Now, when you ask that question, you get things like 'confident, articulate, intelligent.' So that's a really cool feeling."
A challenge for brands
It's no question there is also a challenge for brands. Any brand that seems inauthentic and chasing dollars as opposed to truly trying to change gender norms will quickly be called out by women on social media, who will use their powerful purse strings to send a message financially, too.
And even brands that have been hailed for what they've done for women can find themselves getting some pushback.
JUST WATCHED The beauty patch: Bad for women? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The beauty patch: Bad for women? 01:58
Critics say the ads are "emotionally manipulative" and not the most positive for women.
"One thing is that Dove always will remain very committed to listening to women, so we spend an exorbitant amount of time with them ... and sometimes we get it absolutely 110% right, and sometimes we appeal to a smaller group," O'Brien said.
"I think what the brand has done is, when we put a point of view out there, we stand behind it, and if everybody embraces it, great. If only some people do, we're OK with that, and again, we listen to the feedback, and we respond accordingly."
Girls and women are smart. They know that these are ads -- but if the ads make them feel good about themselves, if the ads help them realize we all have beauty inside us and beauty on the outside, if the ads help change gender norms, what could possibly be wrong with that?
As I said in a video last year , "I will never tire from watching women realize" just how amazing they are.
And judging by the recognition, the viral nature and bottom line impact of these ads, many women aren't tiring of it either.
Beverly Smith, mother of Alonzo Smith. (Art: Kate Deciccio; Edited: LW / TO)
Born in Washington, DC, on January 2, 1988, Alonzo Smith was a father of three children, and a father figure to the many children for whom he was a teacher's aide at Accotink Academy — a therapeutic school located in Springfield, Virginia. He is deeply missed by his students, because on November 1, 2015, 27-year-old Smith was killed by private security guards known as “Special Police.”
“At his school, they called him a master of his trade. He was very loved by his children and staff as well,” Beverly Smith, Alonzo's mother, says. “He had the gift for gab, very likeable and also very handsome, and he knew it.”
Alonzo was raised by Beverly in a single-parent household. “He was a very bright and active child,” Beverly remembers. He was always eager to take charge and work. “I would remember when Alonzo was four or five years old…. One day he asked the maintenance guy if he could give him a job,” Beverly says. The maintenance man consulted with her, and agreed that Alonzo could help him fix a neighbor's doorknob.
“Alonzo [woke] up early, asked me how he looked for his first day of work,” Beverly laughs, recalling Alonzo that day. As he grew up, Alonzo always held down a minimum of at least two jobs. In addition to working at the school, Alonzo also modeled part time, at the time of his death.
Alonzo grew up with an older sister, who currently works as a model and actress in New York, and a stepsister who resides in DC. Beverly raised Alonzo and his sister in Maryland and Southeast DC in the Eastern Market area.
“He had some very challenging years as a teenager, and he overcame quite a few challenges and became a very productive citizen in society,” Beverly says. “I was very proud of him and his accomplishments.”
Alonzo attended Morgan University, where he had completed his associate's degree and was about to go back for his bachelor's in social work. In his spare time, he also made money modeling.
In his social work pursuits, Alonzo focused on youth.
“He had always taken an interest in teenagers,” Beverly says. “I guess having some challenges as a teenager himself, he wanted to reach out to other youth, and he was very successful in doing that.” Alonzo worked with some of the neediest.
Although he continued working in Virginia, Alonzo moved back home with his mother to help her out in what would be the last year of his life. “I'm a retired worker. I looked forward to every morning, sitting up with him, talking about his day and the children. I'm very grateful that the last year of his life was spent with me,” Beverly says.
Beverly misses being around him every morning. “I just really miss his presence and talking to him about his future and the things he wanted to do in life. He was just so full of life. He was very intelligent. I remember him getting interviewed for jobs; by the time he'd get off the phone, I'd be like, ‘Boy, I wanna hire you!'” Beverly laughs.
A Murder Disguised as a Heart Attack
In the early morning hours of November 1, 2015, Alonzo was at the Marbury Plaza Apartment Complex. Around 4 am, some neighbors saw him running and heard him screaming, “Help! Help! they [the special officers are] trying to kill [me].”
“The neighbors called the police and said an assault was [taking place]. When police arrived on the scene, they found [Alonzo] face down [in] a stairwell, unresponsive,” Beverly says.
One of the special officers — privatized officers hired by the apartment complex — had Alonzo handcuffed, and one of the special officers had his knees on his back, stopping him from breathing. “That can be seen on YouTube as well — unfortunately, my son was [one of] the first victim[s] on body cam,” Beverly says. Alonzo's was the first body cam footage that was shown to the public as part of a DC Metropolitan Police Department (MPD) pilot program.
Beverly isn't sure what Alonzo was doing at the apartment complex; she suspects visiting a friend, and she doesn't know why Alonzo felt as if he were in danger. Alonzo was knocking on doors asking for help; he had not committed a crime and had no weapons. The Special Police officers claim that Alonzo was walking around “bizarrely.”
“They said, ‘Oh, he's bizarre, I think he's on PCP.' There were no PCP found in his system,” Beverly says. She says that restraints were also put on her son's ankles, while he was not breathing, and he was not resuscitated correctly.
“I wasn't contacted until 36 hours later [after the incident occurred]. They said they couldn't find [me]…. That's impossible. I live five minutes away from that apartment complex,” Beverly says. She did not know the whereabouts of her son during that entire time.
“I was very upset and still am. They actually denied me the opportunity of feeling my son's warm body one last time,” Beverly explains.
According to reports, Alonzo died at a hospital 10 minutes away from Beverly's home. Beverly claims that Alonzo actually died on the scene rather than at the hospital. “When there is a police-involved killing, law enforcement takes a different approach … it's an automatic attempt to cover up,” Beverly says.
Beverly knew something was up almost immediately when she hadn't heard from her son. The last conversation she had had with him was via text message on Friday. She attempted to reach him again on Sunday, but he didn't respond. Monday, he still hadn't responded. “Everyone knows my son loves to take selfies, and when there were no Facebook selfies posted, I began to get worried,” Beverly says.
“[Around] 7:20 pm that evening — Monday evening … two Seventh District investigators knocked on my door, in plain clothing. I let them in. Before they even said anything, I asked them, ‘What happened to my son?'” Beverly says.
Both investigators then looked at each other and showed Beverly a picture of Alonzo, asking if he was her son. They then said they were sorry to inform her, but her son had been in an altercation with two Special Police Officers, and he had passed.
“I said, ‘What do you mean? Was he shot?'” Beverly explains. The Metropolitan police then continued to tell her that he was in an altercation with Special Police and had passed.
“It led me to believe that the police department and someone from the medical examiner's office were working together,” Beverly says.
The coroner ultimately said that a heart attack was the cause of death, yet Beverly claims that Alonzo's death was a homicide — as she believes it was at the hands of someone else, and it was also ruled a homicide by the DC office of the medical examiner. “The report revealed that my son had been hemorrhaging on the C2 area of his neck and also in two areas in his back. My son was [in a] chokehold,” Beverly says.
She didn't get to see the body until a week later. “My son had massive swelling. One of his eyes was swollen, [and] his neck had massive swelling, particularly on the right said,” Beverly describes. It appeared to her that something could have broken his neck on the right side.
“My son was definitely [in a] chokehold. [The officer] put [his] whole body weight on my son's back — I know, he got to be over 200 pounds. My son was only about 150 pounds,” Beverly says.
The coroner's report lied and stated that Alonzo weighed 193 pounds. This was done, in Beverly's opinion, to set up a scenario in which her son's weight was close to his killer's weight. That he was a large, aggressive Black man, a brute.
Before Alonzo was killed, Beverly knew of police killings, and she believed that police departments across the country were corrupt. “I knew, of course, [of] Freddie Grey, Michael Brown — I knew about how these officers murder unarmed Black and Brown children at a disproportionate rate with impunity. I already knew about that history of law enforcement, but I had never dealt with it until it hit my family,” Beverly says.
Blackout Investigations and Security Services, which managed the security guards complicit in Alonzo's death, had a history of misconduct prior to his death. “They had already had numerous complaints of being overzealous. This was not the first time that they had acted aggressively with residents there,” Beverly says. There had been many complaints — particularly in the Marbury Plaza apartment complex in which Alonzo was killed — over the past few years, leading up to Alonzo's death.
“I'm Still Seeking Justice for My Son”
Alonzo was not only adored by his mother, but also by his three children — a 4-year-old and two 8-year-olds. He was a loving sibling, and his sisters are really struggling with his passing.
“His older sister is still in denial,” Beverly says. “It's been hard for them. It has compelled me to become a community activist against police brutality.”
Beverly now speaks at numerous rallies and facilitates a grief and healing support group that she founded, called Circle of Love and Support (COLS).
“I facilitate these meetings every month for survivors, parents, siblings, families and friends of people who have been murdered by police and intercommunity violence, but also anyone who has suffered a loss of a loved one,” Beverly explains.
Beverly, calm and eloquent, is able to do this emotional work because of her faith and large support network. “I have a phenomenal community of support, and I rely on my faith in God,” she says. “I have several organizations that [have] been absolutely a pillar in my life — Pan-African Community Action (PACA) [is one]. The organization was founded as a result of my son's murder,” Beverly continues. The organization also holds political education sessions that address specific topics, such as the relationship between white supremacy and policing.
“The other organization is the Coalition of Concerned Mothers, which is a group of mothers who have lost their children through police brutality and/or community violence. We support each other in numerous ways,” Beverly says. Black Lives Matter has also been instrumental in uplifting the “Justice for Zo” campaign, which means justice for Alonzo.
Beverly fights daily for justice for her son with these organizations.
“Justice for me, is if the special police officers be held accountable,” she says. “My son's case was given to the grand jury in December 2015. In June, 2017, the US attorney general returned a non-indictment verdict. Therefore, the only other avenue to obtain justice was to file a wrongful death lawsuit on behalf of Alonzo's children.”
Blackout Investigations employs special police officers, so is essentially a privatized police force. They are not exactly full police officers, and are closer to security guards. However, they are armed and able to make arrests on the perimeter of where they are employed.
“So, actually they can't really make an arrest. They can detain and pass them over,” Beverly explains. That did not happen with Alonzo.
Beverly is constantly speaking, writing to city officials and discussing how the local police officers incorrectly performed CPR on her son. She talks about how there was no defibrillator present. “I also talk about the tactic as far as having the knee on the back, chokehold, excessive use of force and lack of training. All of those issues, were in the mayor's proposals [to reform policing]. It's been almost a year, and I haven't heard anything,” Beverly says.
She has written to the mayor's office, published open letters and is committed to continuing to write these letters until she receives a response.
“Until my last breath, I will relentlessly fight for justice for my son and all victims of police brutality,” Beverly assures.
Once, Beverly was canvassing for PACA. She was going door to door to get answers regarding her son's death, as well as to get the community involved in PACA's work. She talked to a woman whose child Alonzo's work had impacted, and she told Beverly, “I know your son. Your son was my son's teacher. Your son changed my son's life. When my son started [at] the school, he didn't have good communication skills. He didn't know how to take the bus, but since your son was my son's teacher, he does all of those things now very well.” The woman then called her son over.
“This young guy must have been 14 years old, stood probably five-ten, and my son stood five-four, but the kids really loved and respected him,” Beverly says.
Many of Alonzo's students spoke at his funeral. They shared that, to them, Alonzo was more than just a teacher; that he was one of them. He understood what they were going through.
“My son had touched all of these children's lives,” Beverly says. “Even on a mural, [and] on some of the letters, the kids would say, ‘Mr. Smith, we wanna be good for you. We miss you. We love you, Mr. Smith.'”
