So I was a little worried I may have been a difficult giftee for any Santa in this exchange with my tastes, and maybe I was, however, my Santa was able to come up with a great and thoughtful gift for me nonetheless.
I had mentioned I enjoyed board games in my little write up and had Harry Potter among my fav movies. Santa got me Harry Potter Trivial Pursuit! I never mentioned anywhere that Trivial Pursuit is my absolute favorite board game and I have been slowing collecting every version I can. This happened to be a version I did not have until now!
thanks Santa!
Update: Oh oh OH, posted too soon, another gift arrived today! Santa also sent me the District 12 strategy game! You are super awesome Santa, I cannot wait to play both of these!!!
Excepting the patent and panic-driven Motorola deal, prior to yesterday's acquisition of Nest for $3.2 billion, the previous largest deal Google's history was DoubleClick for $3.1 billion 2006. Beyond the similar dollar figures, it's a deal worth considering for what it says about Google then and now.
With the acquisition of DoubleClick, Google solidified its hold on online advertising, putting the final touches on one of the most successful business models in tech history. As Horace Dediu has documented, the more people use the Internet, the more money Google makes, and that's a pretty good wave to be riding. In the succeeding eight years, Google has certainly undertaken any number of initiatives, but the core business of the company hasn't changed. Still, this has given Google a remarkable amount of freedom to pursue all kinds of businesses, from phone operating systems to residential fiber, with the understanding that as long as it increased Internet penetration, it was good for the bottom line.
Still though, there have been ever-so-perceptible cracks in the armor. Revenue and profit from Google's own sites have dramatically outpaced revenue and profit from Google AdSense sites, after previously moving in lockstep. Revenue-per-click continues to drop, driving Google to not only try to increase the number of clicks, but also to ramp up their data and profile efforts, in an attempt to increase the value-per-click. Moreover, a surprisingly large amount of Google's ad revenue is driven by just a few Google Ads.
Beyond, that, there are two other longer-range concerns with Google's business model:
The growth rate in Internet penetration is set to peak in 2016. Were Google's revenue and profit continues to track Internet penetration, then those metrics would peak as well
A great number of Internet users today were not raised with computers; it's fair to question how many of those clicking on Google Ads falls in this group. As a new generation comes online, will ads continue to be effective at the scale Google needs them to be? I'm cautiously optimistic that advertising does not inevitably result in a terrible user experience, but there is certainly a point at which it does
In short, if you consider the three business models that are capable of being the foundation of multibillion-dollar businesses – consumer devices, ad-supported consumer services, and business software-as-a-service – Google had just about maximized their potential in the ad-supported consumer services model.
Enter Nest.
In my estimation, this deal is not about getting more data to support Google's advertising model; rather, this is Google's first true attempt to diversify its business, in this case into consumer devices.
Certainly Google has already done a lot of work in this area, from self-driving cars to Glass to any number of internal projects. But, especially in the consumer market, technology is not nearly enough. With Tony Fadell and his team, Google is getting some of the best product people on earth. Just as importantly – because product is not enough either – they are also getting an entire consumer operation, including customer support, channel expertise, retail partnerships, and all the other pieces that are critical to making a consumer device company successful.
That is why I fully believe Fadell and Google when they say Nest will remain its own operation, and am inclined to give them the benefit of the doubt with regards to Nest data. This deal is not about the old Google, but about what is next; it's a second-leg for the Google stool, and it's arriving just in time.
Some additional notes:
Apple: Not unexpectedly, many commenters are painting this as a loss for Apple, but I don't think that's true at all. I give a lot of credence to this report in Recode that Apple was never interested. Apple has a very simple business: they make personal computers, and they make accessories for computers. Certainly said computers are becoming ever more personal, and the accessories ever more smart, but they have never and, for the foreseeable future, will never be a diversified company. How many times does Tim Cook need to tell us that Apple focuses on just a few products? It's funny how no one listens.
Not unexpectedly, many commenters are painting this as a loss for Apple, but I don't think that's true at all. I give a lot of credence to this report in Recode that Apple was never interested. Apple has a very simple business: they make personal computers, and they make accessories for computers. Certainly said computers are becoming ever more personal, and the accessories ever more smart, but they have never and, for the foreseeable future, will never be a diversified company. How many times does Tim Cook need to tell us that Apple focuses on just a few products? It's funny how no one listens. Microsoft: This transaction really has nothing to do with Microsoft, which I suppose is all that needs to be said, but it is interesting that this in fact makes Google a “Devices and Services” business. That, famously, is Microsoft's new strategy, but, in classic Microsoft fashion, the devices they are focusing on are the ones that were groundbreaking half a decade ago, and their services even older.
This transaction really has nothing to do with Microsoft, which I suppose is all that needs to be said, but it is interesting that this in fact makes Google a “Devices and Services” business. That, famously, is Microsoft's new strategy, but, in classic Microsoft fashion, the devices they are focusing on are the ones that were groundbreaking half a decade ago, and their services even older. Facebook: This transaction has even less to do with Facebook than with Microsoft, except to note that Facebook is where Google was when they acquired DoubleClick. They are just now figuring out how to make money, and will spend the next several years consolidating and growing that business. That's fine: it's the natural progression of any company. Maybe in eight years they'll be buying what's next.
This transaction has even less to do with Facebook than with Microsoft, except to note that Facebook is where Google was when they acquired DoubleClick. They are just now figuring out how to make money, and will spend the next several years consolidating and growing that business. That's fine: it's the natural progression of any company. Maybe in eight years they'll be buying what's next. Amazon: All of those devices need to be bought somewhere. Oh, and services need to be hosted. Jeff Bezos is a smart dude.
Previously: Business Models for 2014
Share Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Spott Gloss On The Spade
SEVEN DEADLY ASSASSINS - A MILLION DOLLAR HIT
An incendiary array of stars – including Ben Affleck, Andy Garcia, Ray Liotta, Jeremy Piven, Ryan Reynolds, Alicia Keys and Common – make SMOKIN' ACES the most explosive action Blu ray of the year, from Joe Carnahan, the acclaimed director of Narc. When a Mob boss takes out a million dollar hit on Buddy ‘Aces' Israel – a sleazy Vegas showman turned FBI snitch – the Feds place Buddy in protective custody at a penthouse hide-out. While Buddy kills time with hookers, booze and drugs, an outrageous rogue's gallery of ultra-violent mobsters, smoking hot assassins and ruthless hit men are bringing chainsaws, grenades, shotguns, knives and more to the hunt to rub out Aces and collect that cool million bucks.
Cooking is a serious and competitive business and professional cooking schools can have the air of military camps where fear and strict order dominate. Nothing wrong with that in the world of celebrity chefs, fame and Michelin stars.
But for the rest of us, cooking is either a fun and enjoyable creative endeavour or a boring daily necessity best avoided at all costs.
Many consumer-facing cooking schools, sensing a growing market niche, are offering relaxed, fun classes in cool surroundings that don't intimidate the participants.
The all-female Japanese ABC Cooking Studio has more than 125 casual cooking studios in Japan, Hong Kong and China.
High-stakes chefs train elsewhere, but ordinary women who love sophisticated cooking in a happy, relaxed atmosphere flock to ABC whose studios draw more than 250,000 participants per year.
Their latest location, in Huangpu, Shanghai, China, is a new take on their already relaxed approach to cooking. Designed by Prism Design under the direction of Reiji Kobayashi, the new studio is all white, soft and friendly.
Black ceilings, light wood accents and white main features keep the studio's ambiance clean and professional, avoiding the all-so-common trap of too cute that would have opened up with the introduction of pink, baby blue or yellow.
You can relax now and forget all of your bad memories (should you have any…) of drab and dreary home economics classes because the newest cooking schools are cool.
It is true that The Culinary Art School in Tijuana, Mexico is not of the high-school variety – it is for serious chefs with high aspirations – but it oozes a new, cool confidence that could potentially turn even the most nonchalant teenager into a passionate chef.
The elegant use of wood is the key attribute in The Culinary Art School. Its new building was designed by San Diego, California-based Jorge Gracia Arquitecto whose founder, Jorge Gracia, was born in Tijuana in 1973.
The entire school complex carries an air of strict order, almost an ascetic solemnity. If you didn't notice the stoves or wine racks, you could mistake this for a place of religious study.
And, passionate chefs certainly express a fervour for food, ingredients and cooking that could be likened to religious zeal. It is easy to imagine how the colours, textures and aromas of various ingredients stand out in this kind of environment. It is like a stage for culinary creation or like a frame for gastronomic artwork.
Also in the category of cool cooking schools is the Sydney Seafood School established in 1989 and completely refurbished for its 20th anniversary. It conducts cooking classes for all skill levels and draws more than 12,000 students annually.
Words such as handsome and sexy come to mind when you look at this space, the creative work of Dreamtime Australia Design, based in Sydney, Australia.
Some time ago, we have featured Dreamtime-designed Churchill Butcher Shop in Sydney.
In Sydney Seafood School, a tactile intrigue, and a contrast between serious study and serious fun, are evident in every space. The school's entry wall is a honeycombed sandstone creation by sculptor Michael Purdy.
The dark and impressive hands-on kitchen looks formidable with lots of shiny stainless steel and glass, but its gravity is lightened by chalkboard walls with ‘fish graffiti' as art. The cool auditorium's walls are lined with Icelandic fish leather. In the dining room, the harbour view competes for attention with a row of fun fishnet chandeliers and their more than 6,000 little globes. Where do we sign up? Tuija Seipell
Sourcing new ideas in the form of "idea drives," surveys, brainstorming sessions, retreats, and more formal innovation management systems to generate new product ideas and features is a common practice among most large organizations today. But once those ideas are collected and a few receive funding, the use of the “crowd” ends. Using crowdsourcing only at the front-stages of the product development cycle means organizations are missing out on a big opportunity to further tap the wisdom and knowledge of their entire organization.
For the purposes of this post, let's assume a simplified product development lifecycle that looks like this:
Idea / feature inception and feasibility analysis; Prototyping and product development Sales and marketing planning Release; then Refinement
Now let's assume you have a couple internal crowdsourcing capabilities at your disposal internally, crowdsourced predictions, and crowdfunding.
Crowdsourced Predictions
Crowdsourcing predictions allows you to get probability-based predictions from a wide range of people over time. For example, you might ask the question: “Will we complete Phase 2 of the project by December 31?” People from all over the organization could respond as the project progresses. So one day someone may say there's a 70% chance of completing the phase. Two weeks later based on some additional information, they may change that prediction to 40%. Get lots of people doing this from different perspectives and you have a credible, un-biased source to understand “ground truth” you didn't have before.
Internal Crowdfunding
Crowdfunding has grown incredibly popular in the public domain, both to help fund creative projects and inventions on platforms like Kickstarter, and to crowdsource the funding of entire companies. But crowdfunding can also be applied internally using some of the same approaches, only the money people are using to invest is company money, and the ideas being generated are from employees of the company. The key advantage is instead of a few, potentially biased executives deciding on ideas to be funded, a more credible signal from a large number of people is captured instead. We've been working with companies to use crowdfunding at the very beginning of a product development lifecycle, but there's no reason why it could not be applied to later stages of funding as an idea progressed.
We think crowdsourcing will eventually be a primary way tasking is completed internally too, but we won't step too far in to the future for the purposes of this post!
So looking back at our product development lifecycle, here's how our two crowdsourcing capabilities could be applied:
1. Idea / feature inception and feasibility analysis
Internal Crowdfunding: Define a specific scope for collecting ideas, e.g. current strategic pillars, an operations problem, or inclusion of the next set of features in a product. Ask people to submit and collaborate on ideas along with a small budget for what would be needed to do a feasibility study and perhaps a proof of concept. Define an overall budget and sub-divide it between participants, then let them invest in the ideas they'd like to see developed. Any ideas that meet its requested budget, officially become projects.
To help scope the ideas requested and to provide context, we can ask predictions about industry trends and competition could be crowdsourced across the organization.
2. Prototyping and product development
We can ask project management questions, like ability to meet timelines and feasibility questions, impacts on the supply chain, availability of materials, and cost to produce.
3. Sales and marketing planning
As we prepare to put the new product on the market or introduce a new version, we can begin to ask predictions about initial sales performance, customer support issues, how marketing campaigns will perform, and how competitors will react. Traditionally all of these predictions are made by a relatively small group of people like the marketing team and demand planners, but this would be an opportunity to gauge a much broader internal audience like the product development team, customer support personnel, and others who may have a perspective.
4. Release
Now that the product is released, we can begin a regular lifecycle of predicting sales and other key performance metrics, while also keeping an eye on competitive activity, industry trends, the regulatory environment or anything else that may effect the performance of the product.
5. Refinement
As we refine the product, we can begin the lifecycle all over again and use crowdfunding to prioritize what new capabilities should be added (or fixed) to the product.
Companies we work with have already begun applying these methods to take advantage of the knowledge, wisdom, and experience of their own people, dramatically increasing the value of their investment in employees as they gain collective insights they never had before. Even more importantly, employees feel like they are much more invested and engaged in the product development lifecycle.
The days of narrowly defined role descriptions and strict organizational lines are already starting to blur, and internal crowdsourcing is only going to accelerate (and enhance) that organizational transformation.
PAMELA Anderson has once again proved that age is nothing but a number as she shows her incredible figure for a nearly naked bondage-inspired lingerie shoot just months before turning 50.
The former Baywatch star looked incredible as she was pictured by iconic photographer Rankin for lingerie line Coco de Mer, with one piece just featuring straps and nipple covers.
Rankin for The Full Service / Coco de Mer 8 Pamela Anderson poses in bondage-inspire lingerie and heels for explicit shoot
Rankin for The Full Service / Coco de Mer 8 She looked incredible as she posed with wet look hair
Rankin for The Full Service / Coco de Mer 8 She was shot by renowned photographer Rankin
The line has a bondage theme with choker collars and caged bras, and looked perfect on lingerie-loving Pam.
This week Pam told Vogue: “[Lingerie] doesn't have to be seen by anyone else to feel sexy and feminine.
“I wear lingerie for me — if anyone else sees it, it's a bonus!”
MOST READ IN TV & SHOWBIZ Exclusive SHAYK'S ANGER Bradley Cooper's lover Irina Shayk in feud with Lady Gaga after steamy duet HEART-LESS Capital, Heart and Smooth cancel local radio shows in huge national shake-up SLAY ANOTHER DAY Buffy The Vampire Slayer cast reunite 16 years after the show ended Exclusive EMER-GC Gemma Collins 'distraught' as mum rushed to hospital with pneumonia after Arg split BRAD BLOOD Bradley Cooper and girlfriend look glum as ex mocks steamy Oscars duet with Gaga 'That was traumatic' Love Island fans are left cringing after Alex Beattie records 'awkward' video CRAWLING INTO BED DJ Chris Evans and wife Natasha horrified to find MAGGOTS in their bed Exclusive GRIM FOR KYM Kym Marsh's Michelle will split from boyfriend & lose baby before Corrie exit Carb crazy Montana Brown reveals toll 3 packets of crisps a day took on her body 'SHE'S SICK!' EastEnders fans horrified as Ruby Allen tracks down her sexual assault victim
Rankin for The Full Service / Coco de Mer 8 Pammy, who turns 50 in July, proves that age is just a number
According to Pammy, who turns 50 in July, you're never too old to pose in your underwear - or naked.
She told Loose Women recently: “Oh I still get up to naughty things. We're sexual creatures. Women are sensual until we are not on this earth.”
Rankin for The Full Service / Coco de Mer 8 The iconic pinup-turned-campaigner says she still gets up to 'naughty things'
Rankin for The Full Service / Coco de Mer 8 She won't confirm her relationship with Julian Assange, but refers to him as 'the most intelligent, interesting and informed man in existence'
Rankin for The Full Service / Coco de Mer 8 Pam is frequently seen visiting Julian at the Ecuadorian Embassy where he is currently holed up
Rankin for The Full Service / Coco de Mer 8 Not doubt the WikiLeaks founder will be enjoying these pictures
The former Baywatch babe has also been attracting attention for her rumoured relationship with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange.
And while she won't reveal what is going on between them, her recent interview with People magazine did little to quell rumours.
She said: "Julian is trying to free the world by educating it. It is a romantic struggle — I love him for this.
"I understand that our ‘affair' and the curiosity surrounding that might bring some attention to his situation."
She added: "That's fine, but I'd rather not go into private details. Let's just say everyone deserves love."
She also wrote in a blog post: "Julian Assange is the most intelligent, interesting, and informed man in existence. Yes - I think he's quite sexy.
"He has tremendous strength and stamina - though vulnerable."
The Full Service is a creative agency founded by photographer Rankin. Working out of a London studio, it creates entire campaigns under one roof. This new exclusive photoshoot for Coco De Mer featuring PamelaAnderson launches this week
Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220
by
Guest post by Michael Hicks.
I'm not always consistent. But I've been consistent about two things for many years.
First, in discussions of Mormon music I always say that the masterworks of indigenous Mormon hymnody are mostly in the Primary Song Book. Second, whenever I hear Janice Kapp Perry spoken of in a disparaging or even mocking way–not uncommon among BYU music majors–I always speak up in her behalf.
I mention these two consistencies because yesterday in sacrament meeting the superb tenor Erik Agle sang a simple but thrilling rendition of “I'm Trying to Be Like Jesus,” by Janice Kapp Perry. As I listened, I thought (again), “This is one of the masterworks of children's gospel music.” Why? The music is excellently designed, of course: the lovely but subtly surprising parallellism of the first two lines, the gradual climbing of the melody into its apex at the chorus, and so forth. But more important to me is the wording, which is not about Jesus as God or some symbol of Whatever, but about a fallen human trying to imitate His attitudes and acts.
Consider: How many hymns are there that doggedly emphasize *trying*, with the humility and understatement the word implies. Here the singer says again and again “I'm trying.” That's all one can ask or demand of any mortal being. And the nature of what the singer is trying? All the virtues that denote real Christianity–the emulation of Jesus instead of the “mere” adoration of Him.
But there is something else: the striking emphasis on the mind, not the heart, as the locus of inspiration. “Be gentle and loving in deed and in thought,” the song says. And when the Holy Spirit (*not* the archaic “Holy Ghost”) speaks, He does it when He “enters into my thoughts.”
Then what is the message the Spirit speaks? Just this: “Love one another as Jesus loves you. Try to show kindness in all that you do. Be gentle and loving in deed and in thought, for these are the things Jesus taught.”
That's the gospel. And if children get that message in our church via this song, they will outlast and transcend all the other, lesser messages that enter their ears through the siren songs of religiosity.
https://www.lds.org/music/library/childrens-songbook/im-trying-to-be-like-jesus?lang=eng
On Tuesday morning, one of the more intriguing debates about media bias took place on MSNBC's Morning Joe as the assembled co-hosts and Politico founder Jim Vandehei excoriated their colleagues in the media for flashing their liberal bias “in a way they never did before” in their collective desire to take down Donald Trump (to the benefit of Hillary Clinton).
Co-host Joe Scarborough made clear at the onset that opinion-based media figures as himself are different because he's paid to opine whereas the job of a reporter for a top newspaper has been to be neutral but end up doing “the end zone dance...opining as irresponsibly as if they were like me.”
Vandehei then fired back with the disclosure that he's typically never been a big believer in media bias, but 2016 has left him convinced otherwise:
In a way they never did before like I've said this before. I've always been a defender of the media. I think these accusations of bias are usually overdone. I think that that's all out the door, all out the window in this campaign. I think reporters have become so biased, so partisan, particularly on Twitter.
<<< Please consider helping NewsBusters financially with your tax-deductible contribution today >>>
“Go look at the Twitter feeds of the reporters from your major newspapers — The New York Times, The Washington Post, others — and tell me if those are things that they would say on TV or that would have ever been acceptable in previous campaigns....Just let the facts be out there and let people make a judgment,” Vandehei added.
Co-host and Sunday Today host Willie Geist further observed that “[s]omewhere along the line in this presidential race, a decision was made by many members of the media that Trump had to be stopped, that this couldn't happen, that this year was different, that it was incumbent on people to stop [him]” and leaves readers shocked when they see their tweets then read their print stories.
Vandehei agreed and struck at one of the main tenets of journalism in that by espousing their liberal or anti-Trump views on Twitter, “they're not speaking truth to power”:
They're not saying anything that we don't already know. Trump says everything that people need to hear and they are making their judgements on him. They're not helping it by — by doing — it's not just an end-zone dance, they're doing their little shimmy and they all like slap each other on the back — “haha, you're even wittier than I was.”
Harkening back to a time before the internet and social media, Scarborough wondered aloud to co-host and longtime Boston Globe write Mike Barnicle:
I can't imagine what would have happened in the Boston Globe newsroom in 1985 if — some reporter, you know, that was supposed to write a straight-down-the-middle news story is doing this sort of end zone dances and again we are — please — we are all offended by what Donald Trump said.
Barnicle responded with the befuddlement that more newspaper editors don't have stricter social media policies in an age when record numbers of Americans don't trust the media:
Look, I am actually kinda surprised that in an age where it may be 99 percent of the people in the country thinks the media tilts left and thinks the media is biased that more editors and publishers actually don't tell reporters, stay off Twitter, you can't go on Twitter because all you do with Twitter is got yourself in trouble and raise these questions[.]
Geist helped wind down the discussion by making clear to the liberal diehards watching that they were supportive of the media being “tough as hell on both of these candidates” with one example being The New York Times story on Trump's taxes.
“I think objectivity is a totally false premise and people are humans. They come with their biases, but your job is to just cover the race fairly. I don't want to think what you hear about it on Twitter if you're a reporter. Opinion business? Go for it,” Geist stated.
The relevant portions of the transcript from MSNBC's Morning Joe on October 4 can be found below.
As Orlando prepares to host a critical U.S. World Cup qualifier Friday, city officials learned it is among 32 cities still in contention to host a game during the 2026 World Cup.
The United Bid Committee announced Wednesday it received 41 applications from cities eager to be part of a U.S., Mexico and Canada joint bid to host soccer's most prestigious tournament.
The committee is expected pick 20 to 25 cities for its final FIFA bid. If the coalition is awarded the World Cup, at least 12 cities will likely be chosen to host games, officials said.
Orlando will be among 32 cities sending representatives to Houston during the week of Nov. 13 to work with the United Bid Committee to finalize a host strategy and complete application documents required by FIFA.
“We're excited to be one of only 25 U.S. cities to move on in the process to potentially host 2026 World Cup matches,” Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer said. “We're confident that our region would be a wonderful host for one of the world's premier sporting events.
“I know that on Friday when we host the U.S. men's soccer national team [match] against Panama, we'll continue to show that we are one of North America's top soccer cities.”
Camping World Stadium would host the game if Orlando is selected. Under the bid committee's criteria, the 65,000-seat venue is only large enough to host games in the World Cup's early-round group stage.
“We have more than double the number of cities required to stage matches in 2026,” United Bid Chairman Sunil Gulati said in a news release. “We have a vision for growing the game and engaging fans as never before. Our biggest challenge will be finding ways to honor the enthusiasm of all the people across Canada, Mexico and the United States through the development of our united hosting concept.”
The committee news release stated the 32 potential host cities feature existing or planned stadiums and other infrastructure, meeting or exceeding the requirements outlined by FIFA. The committee touted the potential host cities reflect the vast geographic and cultural diversity of North America and share a commitment to using the once-in-a-generation opportunity of hosting the World Cup “to welcome, entertain, inspire and empower the next generation of players and fans.”
Orlando was a host city for the 1994 World Cup and is hosting the U.S. versus Panama World Cup qualifying match at Orlando City Stadium on Friday.
Jacksonville was the only city in Florida that did not advance in the 2026 World Cup bid process, but committee officials said they want to help all applicants grow local support for soccer.
The following 32 cities are still in contention to be part of the United Bid Committee FIFA host application:
Canada: Edmonton, Alberta; Montréal, Québec; Vancouver, British Columbia; and Toronto, Ontario.
Mexico: Guadaljara, Jalisco; Mexico City, Mexico; and Monterrey, Nuevo León
United States: Atlanta, Ga.; Miami; Baltimore, Md.; Minneapolis, Minn.; Boston, Mass.; Nashville, Tenn.; Charlotte, N.C.; New York/New Jersey; Cincinnati, Ohio; Chicago; Philadelphia, Penn.,; Dallas; Phoenix; Denver, Colo.; Salt Lake City, Utah; Detroit, San Francisco Bay Area; Houston; Seattle, Wash.; Kansas City, Mo.; Tampa; Las Vegas; Washington D.C.; and Los Angeles.
CAPTION Nani, the winger, was born in Cape Verde and represents the Portugal national team. He was officially introduced as Orlando City's new designated player on Monday Nani, the winger, was born in Cape Verde and represents the Portugal national team. He was officially introduced as Orlando City's new designated player on Monday CAPTION Nani, the winger, was born in Cape Verde and represents the Portugal national team. He was officially introduced as Orlando City's new designated player on Monday Nani, the winger, was born in Cape Verde and represents the Portugal national team. He was officially introduced as Orlando City's new designated player on Monday CAPTION Orlando Pride star and Brazilian legend Marta on Monday claimed her sixth FIFA Player of Year award after she was named The Best FIFA Women's Player 2018 during Orlando Pride star and Brazilian legend Marta on Monday claimed her sixth FIFA Player of Year award after she was named The Best FIFA Women's Player 2018 during CAPTION Orlando City goalkeeper Mason Stajduhar completed his final round of chemotherapy Tuesday Orlando City goalkeeper Mason Stajduhar completed his final round of chemotherapy Tuesday CAPTION After Orlando City's 1-2 loss to Atlanta United, fans threw trash onto the soccer field. After Orlando City's 1-2 loss to Atlanta United, fans threw trash onto the soccer field. CAPTION A high-tech business that makes crystal and silicon lenses for fighter jets and tanks was all shook up over construction of the Orlando City Stadium across the street — and now it's suing the soccer team, the city and the general contractor. A high-tech business that makes crystal and silicon lenses for fighter jets and tanks was all shook up over construction of the Orlando City Stadium across the street — and now it's suing the soccer team, the city and the general contractor.
ilimon@orlandosentinel.com
New data from Harvard shows that millions of Americans are paying an "excessive" amount of their incomes on housing, but burdens vary widely by city.
More than a third of all American households are paying an excessive share of their income on housing, according to a new report from Harvard University. The report explains that in 2012 there were 40.9 million families and individuals in "cost-burdened" households, or those paying more than 30% of their income on housing. And while that number is a slight decrease from 2011, it represents an uptick of more than 9 million households from 2002. Minority and lower-income households are particularly suffering, according to the report, and renters in general are faring poorly due to income declines. The report also explores "severely burdened" households — or those paying more than 50% of their income on housing — and notes that the data is "particularly alarming." In 2012, for example, more than a quarter of all American renters fell into this category. Among black households, 27% were severely burdened, as were 24% of Latino households and 21% of Asian households. Only 14% of white households were severely burdened.
The percent of households suffering from cost burdens varies widely by city. The report includes an interactive map that shows what percentage of a given metropolitan area's households are suffering from too-high housing costs. The Los Angeles metro area takes the top spot, with 2.1 million households suffering from cost burdens. That's just shy of 50% of all households in the Los Angeles area. The chart below shows how L.A. and the other largest metro areas in the U.S. compare.
BuzzFeed
Other cities are struggling as well. Clearly, L.A. is the city where the rent is too high for the most number of people. However, the next chart shows the percent of cost-burdened homes from the Harvard study plotted with U.S. Census data on median incomes. The chart obviously doesn't indicate causation, but it is useful for visualizing which other cities have residents struggling to pay for housing.
BuzzFeed
The chart shows that the metro areas of L.A., New York, Riverside, San Francisco, and Miami all have relatively large portions of their populations paying a too-high percentage of their income for housing. But incomes in these cities vary wildly; people in Riverside and Miami have the lowest median incomes, while those in San Francisco are among the best paid. On the other hand, Detroit, Phoenix, Atlanta, Dallas, and Houston also have lower median incomes, but fewer people suffering from cost burdens. Which is to say that income is just one factor that makes the rent (or the mortgage) too damn high in one city, but not so bad in another. The report points to housing supply and subsidies, among other things, that are also shaping housing affordability in the U.S.
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's missile strike on Syria has drawn favorable reviews from critics and only scattered criticism from Democrats.
Yet unlike other Republican presidents who enjoyed a boost in the polls from their military actions, early signs suggest Trump may not be politically rewarded.
The president's allies argue Trump's order of a missile strike in response to a chemical weapons attack allegedly carried out by the Syrian government was admirably decisive and contrasted favorably with former President Obama's hand-wringing when confronted with a similar situation in the first years of Syria's ongoing civil war.
ADVERTISEMENT
Republicans who have been critical of Trump in the past, including Sens. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (Ariz.) and Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE (Fla.), have offered him praise.
“I think he made the right decision and he handled it in an impressive manner,” said GOP strategist Alex Conant, a staffer for Rubio's 2016 presidential campaign, “and I would expect polls to reflect that in the coming weeks.”
A Washington Post/ABC News poll released on Monday afternoon showed that 51 percent of U.S. adults supported the action, whereas only 40 percent were opposed.
Those are good figures for the president, who is dealing with approval ratings that are historically low for a commander in chief in his first 100 days in office.
But the same poll indicated that just 25 percent said the action made them more confident in Trump's leadership abilities. Twenty-eight percent said it made them less confident, while 43 percent said the events had made no difference to their opinion of Trump.
A CBS News poll showed a similar dichotomy. Fifty-seven percent of Americans expressed general approval for targeting Syrian military facilities in response to the use of chemical weapons, while only 36 percent disapproved.
But just 41 percent in the CBS poll said they were confident about Trump's ability to handle the situation in Syria, while 54 percent said they were “uneasy” on that point.
The finding hints at a central difficulty for Trump. He is a deeply polarizing figure atop an already-divided nation. That seems to make it less likely that he will enjoy the kind of polling bump that has often accrued to previous presidents in the wake of military action.
“Polarization is cooked into the electorate right now,” said Julian Zelizer, a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University. “It is very hard to move people, because people look at events through a partisan lens. Trump himself is a very partisan figure, and he generally plays to that.”
There could be some factors moving in Trump's favor in this instance.
A number of Democrats were broadly supportive of his actions in Syria. His 2016 election opponent, Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE, had recommended a remarkably similar course to the one Trump pursued in a public interview last Thursday, just hours before Tomahawk missiles struck Shayrat Air Base. Internationally, there was not any wide-scale outcry against the action, though reactions varied by country.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer asserted at his regular media briefing on Monday that Trump's handling of the episode had been “widely praised domestically and internationally.”
And Conant predicted a breeze in Trump's direction.
“I think people obviously have very strong feelings about Trump, and so his numbers are always going to be ‘stickier' than other presidents,” he said. “That said, even congressional Democrats were supportive of his decision to strike Assad, so I do think you will see some Democrats giving him a fresh look over the next few weeks.”
There is not much sign of that happening immediately, however.
The Gallup daily tracking poll that measures Trump's job approval has remained essentially static throughout the weekend, though one more day of polling will be required before the full effects of the Syrian strike are seen. In the poll released Monday, Trump's job performance was disapproved of by 53 percent of adults, while only 40 percent approved.
Gallup also found that 50 percent of adults approved of the action in Syria, while 41 disapproved. But its polling director, Frank Newport, noted that those figures were “historically low compared with reactions to previous U.S. military actions.”
Gallup's figures showed that 76 percent of Americans approved of the war in Iraq at its inception, and 90 percent approved of the war in Afghanistan. But other conflicts were much more divisive even in their early days. During President Clinton's time in office, military interventions in Kosovo and in Haiti won only narrow majority support.
There is also the political zeitgeist to consider. The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan became deeply unpopular over time and sapped the American public's appetite for involvement in foreign conflicts. Politicians who are deeply skeptical of military interventions have been in the ascendant in both parties, including Sens. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.) and Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Ky.).
As a candidate, Trump himself was much more dubious about military actions than is usual for a Republican presidential candidate. At a primary debate in South Carolina a little more than a year ago, Trump accused former President George W. Bush of lying the nation into war in Iraq.
That being so, it seems likely that the military strike in Syria may be a one-off rather than a preamble to any further major escalation of American involvement.
Grant Reeher, a professor of political science at Syracuse University, said that, even if the polls look distinctly tepid for Trump now, the ordering and execution of military action could make the 45th president look more conventional.
“You have the more general phenomenon of rallying around the flag,” he said. “It is yet another thing that makes Trump look more like what we think of when we think of an American president.”
But others were not so sure.
“This was a single missile strike, and it is not clear that it changes anything,” said Zelizer, the Princeton professor. “It's not clear to me that anything here is going to make people think he is a wonderful commander in chief or a great president.”
The Memo is a reported column by Niall Stanage, primarily focused on Donald Trump's presidency.
Lebanese Forces leader Samir Geagea pleaded for financial assistance from Saudi Arabia when his party was going bankrupt in 2012, one of more than 60,000 classified Saudi documents published by WikiLeaks Friday revealed.
The document, a letter from Saudi Ambassador to Lebanon Ali Awad Asiri to the kingdom's then-foreign minister Prince Saud al-Faisal dated March 17, 2012, recounted a meeting between Faisal and a representative sent by Geagea.
It added that Geagea felt he was in particular need of beefed up security because his political rival Free Patriotic Movement chief Michel Aoun and Maronite Patriarch Beshara Rai were "sympathizing with the Syrian regime".
A separate document dated Jan. 2, 2013 said Lebanese MP Boutros Harb was planning to split from the March 14 political camp to launch his own political group after the parliamentary elections, which were eventually cancelled that year.
...
VATICAN CITY (AP) — Pope Francis offered Christmas wishes Wednesday for a better world, praying for protection for Christians under attack, battered women and trafficked children, peace in the Middle East and Africa, and dignity for refugees fleeing misery and conflict around the globe.
Francis delivered the traditional "Urbi et Orbi" (Latin for "to the city and to the world") speech from the central balcony of St. Peter's Basilica to more than 70,000 cheering tourists, pilgrims and Romans in the square below.
In his first Christmas message since being elected pontiff in March, he asked for all to share in the song of Christmas angels, "for every man or woman ... who hopes for a better world, who cares for others," humbly.
Among places ravaged by conflict, Francis singled out Syria, which saw its third Christmas during civil war; South Sudan; the Central African Republic; Nigeria; and Iraq.
In Iraq on Wednesday, militants targeted Christians in two attacks, including a bomb that exploded near a church during Christmas Mass in Baghdad. The separate bombings killed dozens of people.
The Vatican has been trying to raise concern in the world for persecution and attacks on Christians in parts of the Middle East and Africa.
"Lord of life, protect all who are persecuted in your name," Francis said.
Adding an off-the-cuff remark, Francis said he was also inviting non-believers to join their desire for peace with everyone else.
The pope also prayed that God "bless the land where you chose to come into the world and grant a favorable outcome to the peace talks between Israelis and Palestinians."
Francis then explained his concept of peace.
"True peace is not a balancing of opposing forces. It's not a lovely facade which conceals conflicts and divisions," the pope said. "Peace calls for daily commitment," Francis said, reading the pages of his speech as they were ruffled by a chilly wind.
Francis also spoke of the lives of everyday people, especially those struggling for a better life.
Recalling the hundreds of migrants who have drowned this year while trying to reach European shores, including many close to the Italian island of Lampedusa, Francis prayed that refugees receive hope, consolation and assistance.
He added that "our thoughts turn to those children who are the most vulnerable victims of wars, but we think, too, of the elderly, of battered women" and others.
The 77-year-old pope kept to the simple style he has set for his papacy. Wearing a plain white cassock, Francis presented a sharp contrast in appearance to the pope who stood on the same balcony on Christmas exactly a year ago. Then Benedict XVI, who was soon to stun the world by retiring, read his Christmas speech while dressed in a crimson, ermine-trimmed cape. Benedict lives on the Vatican grounds, and Francis paid a holiday call on him earlier this week.
In another break with tradition, the Argentine-born Francis stuck to Italian for his Christmas greetings, forsaking a custom of wishing happy holidays in dozens of languages to the crowd below the balcony.
In the Mideast, pilgrims celebrated Christmas in the ancient Bethlehem church where tradition holds Jesus was born, as candles illuminated the sacred site and the joyous sound of prayer filled its overflowing halls.
This year's turnout was the largest in years in Bethlehem, and the celebrations have been marked by careful optimism amid ongoing Israeli-Palestinian peace talks. Leaders expressed hope the coming year would finally bring the Palestinians an independent state of their own.
The top Roman Catholic cleric in the Holy Land, Latin Patriarch Fouad Twal, led a prayer for some 1,000 worshippers. "The whole world now is looking at Bethlehem, the birthplace of Jesus," Twal said in his annual address, adding that the message of Jesus was one of "love and reconciliation."
Bethlehem lies 10 kilometers (six miles) south of Jerusalem. Entry to the city is controlled by Israel, which occupied the West Bank in 1967.
Following a Palestinian uprising that began in 2000, the numbers of visitors to Bethlehem had plunged. But thanks to a period of relative calm, they have been steadily climbing in recent years.
Iskandar Salameh, an 18-year-old Palestinian, said the Christmas spirit was uniting those gathered Wednesday. "We all feel that Jesus is with us today," he said.
Intermediaries like Greenwald and Julian Assange seem merely lucky beneficiaries of digital data dumps, without going through the cultivation of insider sources, and all the shoe-leather and phone-time that implies. Meanwhile the prevalence of 24-hour news channels and online blogs means these animated debates—formerly confined to the newsroom or editor's office–are now aired in public.
Or it could be, as Heather Brooke (a key player in redacting and releasing the WikiLeaks cables) told me in June, an element of “regulatory capture”? While media coverage has developed apace, the state has responded by selectively briefing and leaking to journalists. Whatever Assange or Greenwald have done, they have broken that model.
The anger of the old school is understandable, especially when they are called “shills” and “tools.” Writing in the Atlantic last Friday, Mark Bowden criticised Snowden and Chelsea Manning for the indiscriminate nature of their leaks, and called them “naïve” compared to Felt and Ellsberg, the main sources of the Watergate and Pentagon Papers stories.
He may be right. But since when has the emotional complexion of the source been the main point of the story? The attacks on Greenwald display the same problem. He may be partisan, argumentative and thin-skinned (he blocked me on Twitter a year ago for an innocuous comment) but does that disqualify him from landing a major scoop? Attacking a source or intermediary is just another version of the ad hominem fallacy. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day. Journalism is about disclosure and transparency, not heroics and personality. It's the story, stupid.
As the NSA story is set to rumble on, with the Guardian now co-operating with the New York Times to shelter under first amendment protection for further revelations, there can be little doubt that the vulnerability of digital communications to sweeping state surveillance is a massive public interest story. In the New York Review of Books, James Bamford quotes Senator Frank Church warning, back in 1975, that the “technological capacity that the intelligence community has given the government could enable it to impose total tyranny.” And that was when the technical capacity was a fraction of the potential threat to privacy of UPSTREAM, PRISM and other collection and data mining programmes, and the security threat was many times higher.
As Kissinger said of academia, perhaps the current infighting is so vicious because there's so little at stake. When Ellsberg leaked the Pentagon papers, the U.S. had suffered a quarter of a million combat casualties in Vietnam, and millions of civilians were dead. When Felt briefed Woodward on Watergate, Nixon felt (according to Jonathan Schell in his Time of Illusion) he could abuse executive power because of the existential threat of nuclear war with the Soviet Union. Back then, every major conurbation in the U.S. and Western Europe was an actively targeted ‘ground zero.'
Then again, if the economists and intelligence experts are right, the stakes for journalists are actually much higher than in the Cold War. In so-called modern ‘knowledge economies' data is more important than gasoline or steel, and its flow, whether through the Stuxnet virus disrupting uranium centrifuges in Iran, or alleged industrial espionage by China, is now more closely guarded than any pipeline or shipping lane. With their bags full of sigint, humint and even loveint, any whistleblower, journalist (or indeed romantic partner) is a potential front line combatant.
In that case the need to stick together and avoid friendly fire is all the more imperative.
Peter Jukes is a journalist based in London. His book, Fall of the House of Murdoch, was published by Unbound last year.
By David Ackerman May 25, 2016
WebAssembly: Finally Freed from JavaScript?
Most of us love to hate JavaScript, the software famously developed in 10 days by Brendan Eich.
If someone has only good things to say about the language, they probably haven't used it enough yet. I mean, there are definitely good parts, but if your language needs a book like that, it means there are a lot of bad parts.
The web is an undeniably useful and ubiquitous platform for just about anything these days, and JavaScript is the only real standardized programming language for us to use. The language is getting better and more performant every year, but as with any programming language, it's not always the right tool for the job.
Unfortunately, it is often the only tool for the job.
So, what can we do if we want to use a different programming language instead?
Before you start learning up any new skill or concept, I suggest you take a look at my course “10 Steps to Learn Anything Quickly”.
Transpilation vs. Compilation
A programming language is really just a human-friendly syntax. We already have programs that interpret or compile that syntax into something a computer can run. Instead of compiling our program into machine code, we could compile it into another programming language.
This process is known as transpilation because it's converting one programming language to another. It lets programmers write code in their favorite language, then rely on the transpiler to turn it into JavaScript, which the browser can execute on the web page.
This isn't a particularly new idea, and there are several programming languages that transpile into JavaScript; two notable ones being ClojureScript (Clojure to JavaScript) and Google Web Toolkit (Java to JavaScript).
The problem is that JavaScript was not designed to be transpiled at all.
It is garbage collected language with very loose semantics that, while more friendly for beginning developers to learn, is really bad as a transpilation target.
JavaScript is Too Dynamic
When you create a class in JavaScript, you can give it fields and methods just like other object-oriented programming languages. Normally, an interpreter could read a class definition and allocate some storage for the fields based on what type they are, and therefore predict how much space is needed.
By predicting how much space is needed and laying out objects in memory efficiently, the interpreter or compiler can optimize the code execution. This works well in programming languages like C, or Java, because you can't change what fields a class has, or their types after you define it.
Not so with JavaScript!
Because JavaScript is a very dynamic language, you can add/remove and modify variables at run-time, even changing a field from a Number to a String halfway through.
For instance, in the below code, you can see that we can modify fields on class instances and even completely change the methods even after the objects are created!
Most browsers these days will attempt to optimize JavaScript code by assuming that classes won't change, but if that assumption is broken, they have to fall back to much slower, but more general algorithms for executing the code. They can never rule out the possibility that the user will invoke obscure and complicated features of the language at any point, which causes additional interpreter complexity and slowdowns in speed.
If JavaScript was less dynamic, it would be easier to optimize and less complicated to make other programming languages transpile into it.
In fact, because of this, attempts have been made to define a subset of the JavaScript language so browsers could pretend certain invariants are upheld (like not changing a class dynamically, and not making a variable change types).
This language is known as asm.js.
Asm.js is a More Optimized Subset of JavaScript
Asm.js is a restrictive subset of the JavaScript programming language meant to be compiled to.
It doesn't have any of the frills of JavaScript, but because it is a subset of the language, it can still be run by regular JavaScript browsers. The functionality it supports is a lot more like C code, and you specify the types of your arguments in certain ways.
For instance, in JavaScript, a number is always a double-precision floating point value, which is really inefficient if you want integers. In asm.js, you can signal to the interpreter that you want an integer by writing x = x|0; . This is still valid JavaScript code (doing a bitwise OR on any number with zero just returns the same number), but it lets asm know it can use fast integer math.
Here's an example of what asm.js code looks like if it was written by hand (it looks much crazier when machine generated).
Since it's still valid JavaScript, regular browsers can run it with identical behavior to the compiled version. Browsers that support asm.js can make extra optimizations and run much faster (like Firefox).
The downside is that it's really a hack on top of JavaScript. It's a text-based format, so it takes a long time to parse, and there are many syntactic contortions necessary to make it compatible with JavaScript—so it's hard to reach native (i.e. C-like) speeds.
Enter WebAssembly.
WebAssembly is a Compile Target for the Web
WebAssembly is a low-level language format explicitly designed to be compiled to by other programming languages. We've been talking about transpilation this whole time, but since WebAssembly is sufficiently low-level compared to JavaScript, we could really call it compilation.
And the best part—it's not being designed in 10 days!
It is based on asm.js, but the spec is being built from the ground-up to be an efficient and general-purpose compile target. It is not a subset of JavaScript, so it doesn't need to make contortions to support being run by old engines.
Here's an example of some WebAssembly code in textual format. The main format is binary, but it can be freely converted to a text format more suitable for reading by humans. This is just one potential text syntax, as the official format hasn't yet been decided.
It's Fast
WebAssembly is a binary format.That means it's much more compact than JavaScript or asm.js, making it faster to download. It's also built to be extremely fast to parse (in fact, in some early benchmarks, it's 20x faster than regular JavaScript!). This is especially awesome for mobile devices, which are battery and CPU constrained.
Because it doesn't have to be a subset of JavaScript, it doesn't have garbage collection. This means code written in C and C++ that manage memory manually can run directly in native speeds without any built-in GC trying to get in the way, and other programming languages are free to implement their own custom garbage collector. (Note that an optional built-in garbage collector is also planned at some point.)
It will also support hardware-accelerated features of modern processors like Single Instruction, Multiple Data (SIMD). This would let you write code that could potentially do a calculation on multiple variables at the same time, really speeding up certain applications like live video processing or games.
Last, but not least, it will even eventually support multithreading, which is something that is simply not possible in JavaScript.
It's Safe
Since it is built for the web, it will be safe to run in browsers from day one. What does “safe to run in browsers” mean?
For one, it's memory safe, which means you can't crash your computer just by going to some website with an allocation bug.
Secondly, code will have to abide by the existing browser-based security restrictions like the same-origin policy to prevent malicious sites from stealing user's data without their permission.
It's Portable
Lastly, WebAssembly will be portable, so there are no platform specific aspects of the format. This means it can run on many different devices including regular web browsers, mobile, or even Internet of Things (IoT) devices. Technically it doesn't even have to run in the context of a webpage!
And just because WebAssembly won't have platform specific aspects, a given host may decide to provide additional APIs on top of what's available normally. For instance, if Android had a native host for WebAssembly, it could provide an API to access native Android features that aren't normally available to websites.
This is Great for Other Programming Languages
What does all this mean for you?
It means we'll have a solid platform for optimizing lower level code, and a great vector for implementing programming languages that run in a cross-platform way. Among other things, it makes other programming languages first-class citizens of the web.
Because there isn't a built-in GC, and the overhead will be minimal, any language under the sun can be compiled. We can think of the web as a new operating system, capable of running on any device imaginable—and now we don't have the limitations of JavaScript to worry about!
There are already communities forming around languages like ClojureScript, but I can see higher-performance languages really starting to become mainstream.
Will we Kill JavaScript?
So the big question is, since JavaScript was created in 10 days and has lots of haters, does this mean everyone will jump ship once other languages are available?
JavaScript has a lot of momentum behind it, so it's not going anywhere. It will likely continue being the dominant language on the web, for many years to come.
Despite how much people like to bash it (myself included), there have been many improvements in the last couple years, thanks to EcmaScript 6. It will always be a great language when you want high flexibility and fast prototyping, or the most choices for frontend work.
However, if you want to build something like a video encoder, security encryption software, or need to carefully manage memory, now you can use a low-level language suited to the task.
Or if you really care about catching bugs at compile time, you could use something that is statically typed with a fancy type system like Haskell. You could even theoretically mix them in a single app.
It's Still Early Days
So where is WebAssembly now?
It was first announced in June 2015, and as of writing this post (May 2016), it's still being designed. However, they have been hard at work, and already there's a spec and reference interpreter, a draft of the binary format, and even a playable 3D game by Unity called “angry bots” compiled from C++. Everything is open source, so you can check out their implementations and designs in the github repos.
We should all feel excited to be living in a time with this kind of innovation and potential. The web has already proven to be the most useful and accessible platform ever, and WebAssembly will take everything to the next level.
I'm extremely excited for what the future brings. Long live the web!
Federation (Russian: Федерация, Federatsiya),[4] formerly called PPTS (Prospective Piloted Transport System, Перспективная Пилотируемая Транспортная Система, Perspektivnaya Pilotiruemaya Transportnaya Sistema) is a project by Roscosmos to develop a new-generation, partially reusable piloted spacecraft.
Until 2016 its official name was Пилотируемый Транспортный Корабль Нового Поколения, Pilotiruemyi Transportny Korabl Novogo Pokoleniya or PTK NP meaning "New Generation Piloted Transport Ship". The goal of the project is to develop a new-generation spacecraft to replace the aging Soyuz spacecraft developed by the former Soviet Union to support low Earth orbit and lunar operations. It is similar in function to the American Orion spacecraft.[5]
The PPTS project was started following the failed attempt by Russia and the European Space Agency to co-develop the Crew Space Transportation System (CSTS), which until the middle of 2006 was known as the ACTS. Following this the Russian Federal Space Agency ordered the local space industry to finalize proposals for the new crewed spacecraft.[6] A firm development contract was awarded to RKK Energia on December 19, 2013.[7]
Federation will be capable of carrying crews of four into Earth orbit and beyond on missions of up to 30 days. If docked with a space station, it could stay in space up to a year, which is double the duration of the Soyuz spacecraft. The spacecraft will send cosmonauts to the moon orbit, with a plan to place a space station there.[8]
History [ edit ]
Formerly proposed CSTS design.
Previously, ESA officials had inquired whether they could be part of the Constellation Program of the United States, with NASA focused on its Orion spacecraft, but they had received a negative response.[9] Consequently, Europe decided to join the Russians to co-develop a new-generation crewed spacecraft. ESA insisted on a joint design rather than the Russian-designed Kliper, and as a result the joint Russian/European CSTS project came into being. CSTS had completed an initial study phase, which lasted for 18 months from September 2006 to spring 2008, before the project was shut down before an ESA member state conference in November 2008. ESA decided to use some technology of the CSTS project from its Automated Transfer Vehicle.[10]
The Russian space agency, Roskosmos, had repeatedly received proposals from Moscow-based Khrunichev enterprise to develop a new-generation crewed spacecraft based on the TKS spacecraft that would be launched on the new Angara launch Vehicle. Citing the requirement to start work on a new crewed spacecraft, Russia decided to go forward with the project by itself.[clarification needed][11]
From left to right, the Soyuz spacecraft, CSTS for low Earth orbit missions, ACTS for lunar orbit missions.
By the first quarter of 2009, Roskosmos had finalized its requirements for the next-generation crewed spacecraft and had received proposals from both RKK Energia and Khrunichev enterprise. This was the actual beginning of the PPTS project. The agency was finally ready to name the prime developer of the vehicle. Formally, only two organizations which were practically capable of developing crewed space vehicles competed in the government tender to build the new spacecraft—RKK Energia in Korolev and Moscow-based Khrunichev enterprise.[2]
Although Roskosmos has remained tight-lipped about the project, a number of Russian officials made statements hinting about various stages of the project. On January 21, 2009, the head of Roskosmos, Anatoly Perminov, told Rossiyskaya Gazeta, a Russian newspaper, that Russia would likely proceed with independent development of the next-generation crewed spacecraft. According to Perminov, the agency and its main research and certification center—TsNIIMash—had already conducted an expanded meeting of the Scientific and Technical Council, NTS, examining follow-on transport systems, including the next-generation crewed ship. It would be followed by a government tender to select a developer for the new vehicle. Perminov further indicated that the new spacecraft would be expected to enter service within a time frame of the Orion spacecraft, but a more detailed development plan would be ready with the preliminary design of the vehicle in the middle of 2010.[citation needed]
In the first quarter of 2009, Roskosmos released requirements which were used in the development of the Technical Assignment to the industry working on the PPTS project. The preliminary development of the project was expected to take place from March 2009 until June 2010 at an estimated cost of around 800,000,000 rubles ($24 million). The work apparently covered only an Earth-orbiting version of the spacecraft, while laying the foundation for later lunar-orbiting spacecraft, or even a Mars-bound crew vehicle.[citation needed]
The agency's general requirements asked the industry to develop a vehicle of "foreign" standards in its technical capabilities and cost, while at the same time using existing technologies as much as possible.[2]
In late 2018, It was announced that the first launch was scheduled sometime in 2022, or possibly 2024.[12]
Preliminary design [ edit ]
Formerly proposed PPTS design
Roskosmos has envisioned several versions of the spacecraft, configurable for low Earth orbit, lunar, and uncrewed missions.
Information on the proposed spacecraft released in 2009 indicated that the Earth-orbiting version of the ship would have a mass of 12 tonnes and carry a crew of six, along with no less than 500 kg of cargo. It would be able to fly 30-day-long autonomous missions, or a year-long mission, while docked to the ISS in the orbit, with the inclination 51.6 degrees, and to the future Russian space station launched from Vostochny into a 51.8-degree orbit.[13]
The lunar version would weigh 16.5 tonnes, have four seats, and be capable of delivering and bringing back 100 kg of cargo. It would be able to fly 14-day missions to orbit around the Moon, or stay docked to the proposed Russian Lunar Orbital Station for up to 200 days.[citation needed]
The uncrewed cargo version of the vehicle would be required to carry no less than 2,000 kg to Earth orbit, and return at least 500 kg back to the planet's surface.[citation needed]
As of March 2009, Roskosmos made the requirement for crew capsule landing accuracy to 10 kilometers, while directing the developers to continue work on various modes of high-precision landing. Emergency escape and landing capabilities were mandated for every phase of the mission and were to provide for the survivability of the crew until the arrival of the rescue and recovery teams.[2]
The vehicle, like Soyuz, would be wingless and be able to conduct fully automated and manual docking, and have sufficient propulsion capabilities during transport missions to dock and re-dock with orbital assets and then provide for the reentry and safe return of the vehicle to Earth. The reentry capsule design requirement specified that only environmentally safe propellants could be used during the atmospheric phase of the flight. Roskosmos reserved the option of making the crew module of the spacecraft reusable, reckoning that a cone-shaped capsule could possibly fly up to 10 missions during a 15-year lifespan.[13]
It has been suggested that the vehicle may only use rocket thrusters to slow itself down during its landing, unlike the Soyuz reentry module which relies on a parachute to slow its descent, and uses solid propellant motors only to soften its touchdown.[14]
Launch vehicle [ edit ]
A formal industry-wide tender for the development of the crewed launch vehicle to launch PPTS was initiated at the beginning of 2009. Although the agency delayed the announcement of the winner, many unofficial sources in Russia maintained that TsSKB Progress, based in Samara and KB Mashinostroenia, would lead the development of the new rocket.[15] It was believed that the launch vehicle, named Rus-M, would feature a common core stage and a variable number of boosters, each equipped with powerful RD-180 engines, burning a mix of liquid oxygen and kerosene. The engine was originally developed by Moscow-based NPO Energomash for the US Atlas V rocket and its performance to date has been impressive. The second stage was expected to sport a pair of RD-0124 engines, currently in use on the Soyuz-2 rocket. Thus, both stages would have been equipped with existing engines, greatly reducing the cost and the risk to the overall project.[6] In October 2011, it was announced that the Rus-M program was being canceled.[16]
Angara [ edit ]
Various Angara Rocket Design
In July 2012, it was reported that the Angara A5 will be used as the new launch vehicle for Federation.[17]
Irtysh / Soyuz-5 [ edit ]
Russian space officials have dropped plans to launch the next-generation spacecraft on the modified version of the Angara-5 rocket and instead opted for the yet-to-be developed Soyuz-5 booster recently conceived within the Feniks and Sunkar projects.[18]
In April 2017, the head of RKK Energia Vladimir Solntsev told the official TASS news agency that the Soyuz-5 rocket would be a preferable launch vehicle for the PTK/Federatsiya new-generation transport spacecraft to the Angara-5P rocket due to the lower cost.[19] In 2018, Soyuz-5 was renamed as Irtysh, the first start is planned in 2022.
See also [ edit ]
Updated in 2016: here.
Coretta Scott King: “We have done what we can to reveal the truth, and we now urge you as members of the media, and we call upon elected officials, and other persons of influence to do what they can to share the revelation of this case to the widest possible audience.” – King Family Press Conference, Dec. 9, 1999.
Dr. King's 2-minute message to you:
Dr. Martin Luther King's family and personal friend/attorney, William F. Pepper, won a civil trial that found US government agencies guilty of assassination/wrongful death. The 1999 trial, King Family versus Jowers and Other Unknown Co-Conspirators, is the only trial ever conducted on the assassination of Dr. King. The King Center fully documents the case, with full trial transcript (to more fully explain the following summary of evidence, here is the best article I've found).
The overwhelming evidence of US government complicity found valid by the jury includes:
US 111th Military Intelligence Group were at Dr. King's location during the assassination.
20th Special Forces Group had an 8-man sniper team at the assassination location on that day.
Usual Memphis Police special body guards were advised they “weren't needed” on the day of the assassination.
Regular and constant police protection for Dr. King was removed from protecting Dr. King an hour before the assassination.
Military Intelligence set-up photographers on the roof of a fire station with clear view to Dr. King's balcony.
Dr. King's room was changed from a secure 1st-floor room to an exposed balcony room.
Memphis police ordered the scene where multiple witnesses reported as the source of shooting cut down of their bushes that would have hid a sniper.
Along with sanitizing a crime scene, police abandoned investigative procedure to interview witnesses who lived by the scene of the shooting.
The rifle Mr. Ray delivered was not matched to the bullet that killed Dr. King, and was not sighted to accurately shoot.
Also, the FBI acted to cause Dr. King's death by suicide. The FBI illegally spied on Dr. King, used data in attempt to split leadership, and sent Dr. King a letter promising to expose alleged sexual misconduct. This was part of the FBI's illegal COINTELPRO program.
Please read the above evidence twice to be clear on its overwhelming power.
The King family's attempts for a criminal trial were always denied by state and federal government. Claimed suspect, James Ray, said that his government-appointed attorney told him to sign a guilty plea to prevent the death penalty and threatened arrests of his father and brother as co-conspirators for his only part in the assassination plot: delivering a rifle. Mr. Ray produced a letter from his attorney stating the promise that Mr. Ray would receive a trial. When Mr. Ray discovered that he was solely blamed for Dr. King's assassination and would never receive a trial, Mr. Ray's subsequent recants of his guilty plea and requests for trial were denied.
The US government also denied the King family's requests for independent investigation of the assassination, despite the overwhelming evidence produced at the 1999 civil trial. Dr. King's wife, Coretta, spent more than twice the number of years she was married to Martin working to get a criminal trial for her husband's assassination.
Importantly, the US government has never presented any evidence subject to challenge that substantiates their claim that Mr. Ray assassinated Dr. King.
The King family believes the government's motivation to murder Dr. King was to prevent his imminent camp-in/Occupy at Washington, D.C. until the Vietnam War was ended and those resources directed to end poverty and invest in US hard and soft infrastructure.
US corporate media did not cover the civil trial, interview the King family, and textbooks omit this information. This is crucial evidence of a controlled corporate media rejecting coverage of a game-changing story. Journalist and author, James Douglass:
“I can hardly believe the fact that, apart from the courtroom participants, only Memphis TV reporter Wendell Stacy and I attended from beginning to end this historic three-and-one-half week trial. Because of journalistic neglect scarcely anyone else in this land of ours even knows what went on in it. After critical testimony was given in the trial's second week before an almost empty gallery, Barbara Reis, U.S. correspondent for the Lisbon daily Publico who was there several days, turned to me and said, ‘Everything in the U.S. is the trial of the century. O.J. Simpson's trial was the trial of the century. Clinton's trial was the trial of the century. But this is the trial of the century, and who's here?' ”
For comparison, please consider the media coverage of O.J. Simpson's trials:
“Media coverage of the Simpson trial, which began in January 1995, was unlike any other. Over two thousand reporters covered the trial, and 80 miles of cable was required to allow nineteen television stations to cover the trial live to 91 percent of the American viewing audience. When the verdict was finally read on October 3, 1995, some 142 million people listened or watched. It seemed the nation stood still, divided along racial lines as to the defendant's guilt or innocence. During and after the trial, over eighty books were published about the event by most everyone involved in the Simpson case.”
Coretta Scott King was certain of the evidence after 30 years of consideration from the 1968 assassination to the 1999 trial:
“For a quarter of a century, Bill Pepper conducted an independent investigation of the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr. He opened his files to our family, encouraged us to speak with the witnesses, and represented our family in the civil trial against the conspirators. The jury affirmed his findings, providing our family with a long-sought sense of closure and peace, which had been denied by official disinformation and cover-ups. Now the findings of his exhaustive investigation and additional revelations from the trial are presented in the pages of this important book. We recommend it highly to everyone who seeks the truth about Dr. King's assassination.” — Coretta Scott King.
The US Department of Justice issued a report in 2000 that explained their claimed investigation into their own possible guilt in the assassination. They concluded that they found no evidence to warrant further investigation. Dr. King's son issued the following statement rebuking the “self-study” rather than independent investigation:
“We learned only hours before the Justice Department press conference that they were releasing the report of their results of their ‘limited investigation,' which covered only two areas of new evidence concerning the assassination of Dr. King. We had requested that we be given a copy of the report a few days in advance so that we might have had the opportunity to review it in detail. Since that courtesy was not extended to us, we are only able at this time to state the following:
1. We initially requested that a comprehensive investigation be conducted by a Truth and Reconciliation Commission, independent of the government, because we do not believe that, in such a politically-sensitive matter, the government is capable of investigating itself.
2. The type of independent investigation we sought was denied by the federal government. But in our view, it was carried out, in a Memphis courtroom, during a month-long trial by a jury of 12 American citizens who had no interest other than ascertaining the truth. (Kings v. Jowers)
3. After hearing and reviewing the extensive testimony and evidence, which had never before been tested under oath in a court of law, it took the Memphis jury only one (1) hour to find that a conspiracy to kill Dr. King did exist. Most significantly, this conspiracy involved agents of the governments of the City of Memphis, the state of Tennessee and the United States of America. The overwhelming weight of the evidence also indicated that James Earl Ray was not the triggerman and, in fact, was an unknowing patsy.
4. We stand by that verdict and have no doubt that the truth about this terrible event has finally been revealed.
5. We urge all interested Americans to read the transcript of the trial on the King Center website and consider the evidence, so they can form their own unbiased conclusions.
Although we cooperated fully with this limited investigation, we never really expected that the government report would be any more objective than that which has resulted from any previous official investigation.”
Let's summarize: Under US Civil Law, covert US government agencies were found guilty of the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King. Dr. King was the leading figure of the Civil Rights Movement, a Nobel Peace Prize winner, and widely recognized as one of the world's greatest speakers for what it means to be human. The family's conclusion as to motive was to prevent Dr. King from ending the Vietnam War because the government wanted to continue its ongoing illegal covert and overt military operations to control foreign governments and their resources.
It is therefore a factual statement that under US Civil Law, the US government assassinated Dr. King.
People of sufficient intellectual integrity and moral courage to apply critical thinking skills will embrace the trial evidence and testimony, jury conclusion, and King family analysis as appropriate and helpful information in seeking the facts.
People who at least temporarily reject challenging information out of fear might say something like, “The government killed Dr. King? That's a crazy conspiracy theory!”
Let's consider that statement.
When someone says that a body of evidence is “crazy,” or a “conspiracy theory” (meaning an irrational claim easily refuted by the evidence) that's a claim. With a claim comes a burden of proof. In this case, the person would have to demonstrate command of the facts to explain and prove why the evidence from the civil trial is somehow “crazy” and refute the evidence.
If the person can do this, it would be tremendously helpful in understanding the facts. However, we know from our experience that such statements almost always have zero factual support, and that the person making such a claim literally doesn't know what they're talking about.
We also know from our experience, a person making such a statement is really voicing an emotional reaction something closer to, “The government killed Dr. King? Ok, I read and understood the paragraphs about the trial and evidence. I read Mrs. King's and her son's statement. I haven't invested the time to verify how valid that information is. I'm not stupid, but because the implications of what that means is so disturbing, I'm going to deny anything about it could possibly be true as my first response. If I'm going to continue being in denial and refuse to discuss the evidence, I'll attack the messenger.”
We also need to consider the lack of coverage by US corporate media of this compelling evidence, trial verdict, and King family testimony from over 30 years' analysis of the facts. Recall the evidence of US corporate media reporting being infiltrated by CIA agents to propagandize Americans' access to information. This included the Director of the CIA's admission to Congress that they have over 400 agents working in corporate media to make the US public believe what the CIA wants them to believe.
In 2006, George Washington University used Freedom of Information Act request to obtain the US military's “Information Operations Roadmap.” This formerly secret and approved document details present US government strategies to generate propaganda, and then attack Internet alternative media that provides dangerous facts and discussion. The military promoted the term, “Fight the net.”
Although I won't enter the burden of proof here, you may know that there are similar and related bodies of evidence that the US government assassinated other American leaders. The 1975 Senate Church Committee disclosed that the US government initiated and helped assassination attempts on multiple foreign heads of state.
If we were discussing how the population of some other nation could employ critical thinking skills to understand current events from anytime in history, we would certainly understand the importance to anticipate disinformation from government, danger of controlled media, and assassination as a political weapon.
Failure to do so would appropriately elicit the label attributed to the first dictator of the Soviet Union, Vladimir Lenin. Such people who believe what their government tells them when the history and present have overwhelming objective evidence to explain, document, and prove that the government is typical of so many other historical self-serving oligarchies are:
“Useful idiots.”
To the extent the United States today is any different from all other nations and all other times is up to your exercise of critical thinking skills.
And that said, objective, measurable, and independently verifiable facts easily explain, document, and prove US history of:
An obvious question: What does the 99.99% of humanity do to end these viciously psychopathic assassinations of our best people, end lie-started Wars of Aggression, end bankster looting, and genuinely have opportunity to create a bright future for all Earth's inhabitants?
An obvious answer: We tell the truth/facts, arrest obvious criminals, and have media broadcast our true condition so we may begin. I explain here:
2015 Winning Time: 3 phases to 99.99%'s victory over .01% criminal psychopaths
Bill Pepper, King family friend and attorney, explaining the assassination (start at 7:35 to avoid a glitch; 100 minutes):
Dr. King's 47-minute speech to Stanford University, 1967:
Note: Examiner.com has blocked public access to my articles on their site (and from other whistleblowers). Some links in current articles are therefore now blocked. If you'd like to search for those articles other sites may have republished, use words from the article title within the blocked link. I'll update as “hobby time” allows; including updating my earliest work from 2009 to 2011 (my blocked author pages: here, here).
No one should be in the least bit surprised that the United States and Israel continue to spy on each other, despite being longtime close allies.
Israel's strategic position in the world's most volatile region pretty much guarantees that. So does Jerusalem's dependence on continued US support and goodwill.
But news that the Obama administration targeted Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for continued close electronic surveillance — even as it curbed it for other friendly leaders — still is pretty startling.
As is The Wall Street Journal's disclosure that the sweep included conversations with US Jewish groups and members of Congress.
The last is especially critical: Careful rules govern how the National Security Agency can handle such intercepted conversations, and it's not clear they were followed.
But it's also significant that Team Obama apparently had no problem with spying on Americans engaged in legitimate political activity — in this case, trying to block the president's dubious nuclear deal with Iran.
The White House took pains not to leave a paper trail. As one senior official told the Journal: “We didn't say, ‘Do it.' We didn't say, ‘Don't do it'.”
As former Assistant Secretary of State Elliott Abrams writes in National Review, what happened here is that “the administration faced a battle in Congress and it spied on the other side” — successfully, we'd add, since the Iran deal went through.
Had a Republican administration done this stuff, Democrats on Capitol Hill would be gearing up Watergate-style investigative hearings and talking impeachment. As Abrams notes, it ought to be a major scandal now.
While sitting on the second floor of the Reagan Ranch Center in Santa Barbara prior to explaining lessons on leadership to high school students from around the country, former NFL head coach and current ESPN color commentator Jon Gruden provided some insight to the 2015 NFL season.
When asked if the defending Super Bowl champion New England Patriots would again run the table this upcoming season, the ex-coach said he's investing in the big market, big money quarterbacks as the season approaches.
“The teams that have the CEO quarterbacks – Green Bay, New Orleans will be back,” Gruden said. “Seattle isn't going anywhere. Brady will be around, Peyton Manning, Andrew Luck, they're all going to be there.”
He then offered a comparison that few have even fathomed – it's like caddying for the winner of the first two golf majors of the 2015 campaign.
“When your watching the pro golf tour and you are the caddy for Jordan Spieth,” he said. “You're probably going to be into some money at the end of the day.”
When it comes down to the last man standing, and who will be hoisting the Lombardi trophy come February, Gruden said it will indeed be one of the aforementioned CEO's.
“I like Indianapolis and Green Bay,” he said. “That's my pick.”
In other news, Gruden also weighed in on a new rule change regarding the extra-point attempt – one he is not too fond of.
The NFL announced the extra point will now be kicked from the 15-yard line with two-point conversions remaining at the 2-yard line. The new rule also gives the defense the ability to score two points on returns. Under the previous rule the ball was dead on a failed try.
“It's going to have a lot to do with how the game is played from a strategic standpoint,” he claimed. “I don't like the change – personally – but this is the rule.”
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Like this: Like Loading... Related
I'll meet you half way.
Fact: You aren't a racist.
Fact: You don't think all middle eastern people are terrorists.
Fact: Some people are racist.
Fact: Some people do think all middle eastern people are terrorists.
Fact: If you and a middle eastern person walk into an airport at the same time, they are more likely than you to be suspected of terrorism.
Fact: The only difference between you two is the color of your skin.
Fact: Those racists will not suspect you of terrorism because you're white, and in their opinion, terrorists are middle eastern.
Fact: Being white gives you an advantage over them in that airport.
Fact: Even though YOU aren't racist, and YOU didn't do anything wrong, you still benefit from the racism that the middle eastern person suffers.
THAT is white privilege. It's not hate of white people. It's not separatism. It's not the belief that every white person is horrible. It's not the belief that every white person has an easy life.
It's simple. There are advantages to being white. If you don't acknowledge that, you are being intentionally dense.
-Dion
The PSHE Association has issued a warning to the Government over serious risks to child safety – as official figures show a significant fall in time allocated to personal, social, health and economic (PSHE) education on the curriculum, including lessons on how pupils can help to keep themselves and others safe from abuse and online dangers.
New analysis of Department for Education data has revealed the time spent in secondary schools teaching PSHE education has fallen by over 32% in just four years.
The significant decline comes as new YouGov online polling shows that 92% of parents believe that all pupils should receive PSHE lessons about staying safe from abuse and unsafe contact from strangers both online and offline.
The PSHE Association has called on the Government to take urgent action to make PSHE lessons a statutory entitlement for all school pupils.
The Association's Chief Executive Joe Hayman said: “These new figures show an alarming decline which will clearly reduce schools' ability to cover child safety issues such as contact from people they don't know and staying safe from abuse. This is a deeply concerning trend which leaves children at risk and comes in stark contrast to the views of the overwhelming majority of parents who clearly want their children to receive this education.
Mr Hayman has also written to the new chair of the independent inquiry into historical child sex abuse, Professor Alexis Jay, to highlight the issue.
He added: “In 2014, Alexis Jay said that survivors of abuse in Rotherham were scathing about the education they received in how to keep themselves and others safe. The independent inquiry into child sexual abuse which she now heads has been asked to consider the steps it is necessary for state institutions to take in order to protect children from such abuse.
"We have written to Professor Jay setting out the clear evidence that this kind of education can break cycles of abuse but this potential will never be fulfilled if ministers do not ensure that it is taught in schools.”
A range of reports over recent weeks have highlighted the need for this education to help to keep children safe. Recent figures from the Crime Survey for England and Wales showed that over 10% of women had experienced sexual assault in childhood, and that more than three in four victims of such assault had not reported it. International evidence shows that when pupils receive lessons on abuse, they are more likely to seek help, but such lessons are optional for schools to teach and Ofsted has said that what is being taught is “not good enough”.
The Conservative MP and former Child Safety Minister Tim Loughton added:
“The profile of child sexual exploitation has never been higher not just through historic cases now coming forward but the risks posed in the increasingly technological world in which our children grow up. So it is disappointing that schools appear to be doing less not more in educating our younger citizens of the hazards online and giving them the tools to cope with predatory adults as well as inappropriate and abusive approaches from other young people.
"This again reinforces the urgent need to make sure that all our schools and society as a whole are a lot smarter in the way we approach quality sex and relationship education which has been woefully neglected for too long.”
Coming Soon
American Son
An estranged interracial couple searches for answers about their missing son. Based on the Broadway play. Kerry Washington and Steven Pasquale star.
Charlie's Colorforms City
Loveable, hilarious Charlie leads you on unpredictable and imaginative shape-filled story expeditions alongside a colorful cast of characters.
Murder Mystery
After attending a gathering on a billionaire's yacht during a European vacation, a New York cop and his wife become prime suspects when he's murdered.
The King
Hal, a wayward prince, ascends the English throne upon his father's death, and must navigate the palace snake pit, and inherited war and chaos.
Leila
In the forgotten margins of the segregated communities of a dystopian future, a woman searches for the daughter she lost upon her arrest years ago.
Our Planet
From the creator of "Planet Earth," this series takes viewers on an unprecedented journey through some of the world's most precious natural habitats.
The Order
Out to avenge his mother's death, a college student pledges a secret order and lands in a war between werewolves and practitioners of dark magic.
The Witcher
The witcher Geralt, a mutated monster hunter, struggles to find his place in a world where people often prove more wicked than beasts.
The world's biodiversity is down 30 percent since the 1970s, according to a new report, with tropical species taking the biggest hit. And if humanity continues as it has been, the picture could get bleaker.
Humanity is outstripping the Earth's resources by 50 percent — essentially using the resources of one and a half Earths every year, according to the 2012 Living Planet Report, produced by conservation agency the World Wildlife Fund (WWF).
Colby Loucks, the director of conservation sciences at WWF, compared humanity to bad houseguests.
"We're emptying the fridge, we're not really taking care of the lawn, we're not weeding the flower beds and we're certainly not taking out the garbage," Loucks said. [50 Amazing Facts About Earth]
Burning through resources
The biannual Living Planet report is designed to call attention to the Earth's "invisible economy," said Emily McKenzie, the director of the WWF's Natural Capital Program. Natural resources — and the rate at which humans burn through them — rarely appear on policymakers' balance sheets, McKenzie said.
But humanity is essentially in debt to Mother Earth, conservationists find. As of 2008, the most recent year for which data is available, humans were outstripping Earth's biocapacity by 50 percent. Biocapacity is the amount of renewable resources, land, and waste absorption (such as sinks for carbon dioxide) the Earth can provide. In other words, it takes the planet 1.5 years to restore what humanity burns through in a year. (The organization Global Footprint Network marks "Earth Overshoot Day" every year to draw attention to how fast humans use natural resources. In 2011, Earth Overshoot Day fell on Sept. 27, the day humans used up Earth's annual resources.)
The report scientists calculated the world's hogs when it comes to resources (called the ecological footprint) by determining each nation's productive land capacity and comparing it to the actual population and consumption per person. The United States has the fifth-largest ecological footprint of any nation on Earth, according to the report.
In order from most to least, the top 10 greediest resource users per capita are:
Qatar Kuwait United Arab Emirates Denmark United States Belgium Australia Canada The Netherlands Ireland
[See full list of top and bottom resource users]
Struggling species
All of this resource use is taking a toll. The Living Planet report also tracks biodiversity and species populations across the globe. This year's report details a startling loss of biodiversity around the globe: A loss of 30 percent of biodiversity on average, meaning a major decline in the number of different species of plants, animals and other organisms. Temperate species are doing relatively well, Loucks said, but tropical species have declined by 60 percent since the 1970s. Freshwater tropical species are the hardest-hit, having declined by 70 percent in that time period.
Globally, terrestrial species declined by 25 percent between 1970 and 2008, WWF reports. Marine (non-freshwater) species declined by 20 percent.
Many of the group's proposed solutions to humanity's out-of-control resource use center around Rio+20, the upcoming United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development set for June 20, 2012. The meeting is designed to help create pathways for sustainable development in the future, said Kate Newman, WWF's managing director of public sector initiatives. She cited the example of Mozambique, a poor country that may be home to one of the largest natural gas fields in the world. As international companies arrive to exploit this resource, local planners are concerned about how to make sure the entire nation benefits, she said.
In the same way, global decision-makers need to think long-term, Loucks said.
"As we're approaching a planet with 9 billion people on it, we need to find a global solution," he said. "The challenge for us is this is a long-term problem. This is the Earth for millennia. We need to move beyond the election cycle, beyond the quarterly report cycle."
You can follow LiveScience senior writer Stephanie Pappas on Twitter @sipappas. Follow LiveScience for the latest in science news and discoveries on Twitter @livescience and on Facebook.
Copyright 2012 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Updated | 3:22 p.m. Doing nothing to advance the heated political debate over what combination of factors might have prompted Omar Mateen to open fire inside a gay nightclub in Orlando last week, the FBI on Monday refused to release the audio or a full transcript of the gunman's phone conversations with the police during the attack. The FBI instead published a written timeline of the attack, which included a redacted transcript of one conversation between Mateen and a 911 operator, and a partial summary of what he said in three further calls with the Orlando Police Department crisis negotiators that lasted 28 minutes in total. The bureau argued that letting the public hear or even read the gunman's justification for the attack in his own words risked encouraging further attacks.
This is all the FBI is willing to let us know of one of two conversations between Omar Mateen and a 911 operator: pic.twitter.com/D7XDrnAPUW — Robert Mackey (@RobertMackey) June 20, 2016
Later on Monday, after that redaction was widely criticized, the FBI reversed itself, issuing an unredacted transcript revealing what had been removed: the name of the person the gunman said he dedicated his attack to, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of the Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria.
After criticism, DOJ and FBI now release unredacted transcript of Omar Mateen's first conversation with 911 operator pic.twitter.com/gNPFH83QtE — Robert Mackey (@RobertMackey) June 20, 2016
However, based on a previous description of Mateen's 911 calls given by FBI Director James Comey last week, it appears that the federal investigators continued to withhold details of a second conversation Mateen had with the 911 operator, which was not referred to at all in the government's timeline. “He made 911 calls from the club, during the attack,” Comey said last week. “He called and he hung up. He called again and spoke briefly with the dispatcher, and then he hung up, and then the dispatcher called him back again and they spoke briefly. There were three total calls.” Also missing from the transcript and summary of the conversations was any mention of the fact that, as Comey also said last week, Mateen had expressed solidarity with the Tsarnaev brothers, who carried out the Boston Marathon bombings in 2013, and Moner Mohammad Abusalha, a Floridian who carried out a suicide bombing in Syria in 2014 on behalf of al Qaeda's representatives there, the Nusra Front. The FBI's Boston office revealed that Mateen had referred to the Tsarnaev brothers as his “homeboys” during one of the 911 calls, despite a lack of evidence that he had ever been in contact with them. At a news conference in Orlando on Monday morning, the assistant special agent in charge of the FBI's Tampa field office, Ron Hopper, said that while “the audio is compelling,” it would not be released as part of an effort to not glorify such attackers. Pressed by reporters as to why the transcript released on Monday was partial and edited, Hopper seemed to refer to Mateen's words about the other attackers. “Part of the redacting is meant to not give credence to individuals who have done terrorist attacks in the past,” he said. “We're not going to propagate their rhetoric, their violent rhetoric, and we see no value in putting those individuals' names back out there.” “We're trying to prevent future acts from happening again,” he continued, “and for cowards like this one, people like that influence them, so we are not going to continue to put their names out front.” Later in the news conference, a reporter asked the Orlando police chief, John Mina, if some of the patrons killed at the nightclub might have been shot by his officers as they stormed the building. Mina said this was still under investigation, but appeared to acknowledge that it did occur, saying, “Those killings are on the suspect and on the suspect alone, in my mind.” Officials also said they would not make public the content of any calls made by patrons inside the club during the attack. Whatever the reasoning, the decision to withhold the audio and a complete transcript only seemed to encourage speculation online, and in the political arena, that the investigators might be concealing something. House Speaker Paul Ryan and other opponents of the Obama administration suggested that the records had been censored to downplay the role of Islamist extremism, and reporters objected that the calls were clearly a public record and therefore covered by Florida law mandating transparency.
The president should reverse his administration's decision to censor the #Orlando shooter's 911 transcript ? pic.twitter.com/8ZTp3NHkc6 — Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) June 20, 2016
Some observers mocked the redaction:
After Attorney General Loretta Lynch said on Sunday that the transcript would be partial and redacted — to, in her words, “avoid re-victimizing those who went through this horror” — Florida's governor, Rick Scott, said that he strongly disagreed with the administration, telling Fox News, “It sure appears that they don't want to talk about that ISIS was involved.” Another source of outrage, albeit a misguided one, was the fact that the printed transcript is entirely in English, although it indicates that Mateen used some Arabic words when he called 911 to dedicate his attack to the leader of the Islamic State. Bloggers on the Islamophobic fringe, like Katie Pavlich of the conservative site Townhall, raged at the FBI for translating the Arabic word Allah as “God.”
Transcript says he said in Arabic: "In the name of God the Merciful, the beneficial" which means he said Allah, they printed God @LDoren — Katie Pavlich (@KatiePavlich) June 20, 2016
ISLAMABAD: The federal government banned Ashir Azeem's film Maalik nationwide in a notification issued Wednesday.
The Ministry of Information, Broadcasting, and National Heritage issued a notification declaring the Urdu feature film "uncertified" according to Section 9 of the Motion Pictures Ordinance, 1979.
Director Ashir Azeem also tweeted the ban.
The film, released three weeks ago, had generated complaints regarding its controversial depiction of the Taliban and parallels with the assassination of a prominent government official by his personal security guard.
In a blink-and-you'll miss it move last night, the Sindh government decided to ban the film Maalik and then revoked that notice all in the space of a few hours.
The culture ministry had drafted a notification ordering a ban on the movie for being ‘biased' and inciting violence.
However, before it was formally issued, the Sindh chief minister intervened and asked the ministry not to issue it as it would be ‘against the freedom of expression'.
The film team had assured the Sindh government objectionable scenes would be cut, but the film's certification was revoked as it wasn't done.
Cinemas cancel shows, refund tickets
Local cinemas have cancelled the movie's shows with immediate effect and are refunding the tickets following the ban imposed on the film.
On the computation of the n'th decimal digit
of various transcendental numbers.
by Simon Plouffe
November 30, 1996
Revised in March 2003
Abstract
We outline a method for computing the n'th decimal (or any other base)
digit of Pi in C*n^3*log(n)^3 time and with very little memory. The
computation is based on the recently discovered Bailey-Borwein-Plouffe
algorithm and the use of a new algorithm that simply splits an ordinary
fraction into its components. The algorithm can be used to compute other
numbers like Zeta(3), Pi*sqrt(3), Pi^2 and 2/sqrt(5)*log(tau) where tau
is the golden ratio. The computation can be achieved without having to
compute the preceeding digits. We claim that the algorithm has a more
theoretical rather than practical interest, we have not found a faster
algorithm, nor have we proven that one does not exist.
The formula for Pi used is
infinity
----- n 2
\ n 2 (n!)
) ---------- = Pi + 3 (1)
/ (2 n)!
-----
n = 1
* Introduction
* Key observation and the Splitting Algorithm
* Other numbers
* Conclusion
* Bibliography
Introduction
The computation of the n'th digit of irrational or transcendental
numbers was considered either impossible or as difficult to compute
as the number itself. Last year (1995) [BBP], have found a new way
of computing the n'th binary digit of various constants like Pi
and log(2).
An intensive computer search was then carried out to find if
that algorithm could be used to compute a number in an arbitrary
base. We present here a way of computing the n'th decimal digit
of Pi (or any other base) by using more time than the [BBP]
algorithm but still with very little memory.
Key observation and formula
The observation is that a fraction 1/(a*b) can be split into
k1/a + k2/b by using the continued fraction algorithm of a/b.
Here a and b are two prime powers. This is equivalent to having
to solve a diophantine equation for k1 and k2 - it is always
possible to do so if (a,b) = 1 , see [HW] if they have no common
factor. If we have more than 2 prime factors then it can be
done by doing 2 at the time and then using the result to combine
with the third element. This way an arbitrary big integer M
can be split into small elements. If we impose the conditions
on M of having only small factors (meaning that the biggest
prime power size is of the order of a computer word), then
an arbitrary M can be represented. If this is true then a number
of known series and numbers
can then be evaluated. For example the expression 1/C(2*n,n),
the central binomials satisfy that : the prime powers of
this number are small when n is big.
Example:
1/C(100,50) = 1/100891344545564193334812497256 =
1
-------------------------------------------------------
3 4
2 * 3 *11*13*17*19*29*31*53*59*61*67*71*73*79*83*89*97
Now if we take 2 elements at the time and solve the simple
diophantine equation and proceed this way
1) 1/(a*b) = k1/a + k2/b
2) (k1/a + k2/b)/c = m1/a + m2/b + m3/c
3) we proceed with the next element.
At each step the constants k1 and k2 are determined by simply
expanding a/b into a continued fraction and keeping the 'before
last' continuant, later m1, m2 and m3 are determined the same
way. Having finished with that number we quickly arrive at a
number which is (modulo 1) the same number but represented as
a sum of only small fractions.
So, 1/100891344545564193334812497256 =
-3/8 - 61/81 - 1/11 - 11/13 - 4/17 - 9/19 - 25/29 - 26/31 +
23/53 + 41/59 + 29/61 + 37/67 + 33/71 + 19/73 + 36/79 + 7/83
+ 13/89 + 88/97
The time taken to compute this expression is log(n)*n^2, log(n)
being the time spent to compute with the euclidian algorithm
on each number. We did not take into account the time spent on
finding what is the next prime in the expression simply because
we can consider (at least for the
moment) that the applicability of the algorithm is a few thousands
digits and so the time to compute a prime is really a matter
of a few seconds in that range for the whole process. Since we
know by advance what is the maximal prime there could be in
C(2*n,n) then we can do it with a greedy algorithm that pulls
out the factors until we reach 2*n,
and this can be done without having to compute the actual number
which would obviously not fit into a small space. It can be
part of the loop without having to store any number apart from
the current n. For any p in binomial(2*n,n) the maximal
exponent is (as Robert Israel pointed out).
2 n
-----
\ / 2 n n \
) | [---] - [---]|
/ | k k |
----- \ p p /
k = 1
Equivalently, for p = 2 it gives the number of '1' in the binary
expansion of n, for p = 3 there is another clue with the ternary
expansion of the number and the number of times the pattern '12'
appears. Now looking at the sum(1/C(2*n,n),n=1..infinity), we
can say that the series is essentially Pi*sqrt(3) since it differs
only by 4/9*Pi*sqrt(3) + 1/3, since these are 2 small rationals
we can use BBP algorithm to carry the computation to an arbitrary
position in almost no time. Having n/C(2*n,n) instead of (1) only
simplifies the process.
To compute the final result of each term we need only few memories
elements,
* 1 for the partial sum so far. (evaluated later
with the BBP algorithm).
* 4 for the current fractions k1/a and k2/b.
* 2 for the next element to be evaluated : 1/c.
* 1 for n itself.
So with as little as 8 memory elements the sum for each term
of (1) can be carried out a without having to store any number
greater than a computer word in log(n) time, adding this for
each element the total cost for (1) is then n^3*log(n).
The next thing we have to consider is that , if we have an
arbitrary large M and if M has only small factors then 1/M
can be computed. First, we need to represent 1/M as
Sum(a(i)/p(i)**(j),i=1..k) where p(i)^(j) is a prime
power and a(i) is smaller than p(i)^(j).
If we have 2^n/M then by using the binary method on each
element of the representation of 1/M with (2) is possible
in log(n) time. Again if we don't want to store the element
of (2) in memory we can do it as we do the computation of
the first part at each step. In this algorithm we can either
store the powers of 2 to do the binary method or not. There
is a variety of ways to do it, we refer to [Knuth vol. 2] for
explanations.
This step is important, essentially once we can represent
1/(a*b) by splitting them then to multiply by 2^n only adds
log(n) steps for each element and it can be done in arbitrary
base since we have the actual fraction for each element of
(2). It only pushes the decimal (or the the decimal point of
the base chosen), further. At any moment only one element in
the expansion of 1/M is considered with the current fraction,
that same fraction can be represented in base 10 at anytime
if we want the decimal expansion at that point. For this reason
multiplying the current fraction by 2^n involves only small
numbers and fractions.
Once this is done, the total cost becomes n^3*log(n)^2. This
cost is for the computation of the k'th partial sum of
infinity
----- n
\ 2
) ----------- (2)
/ n C(2 n, n)
-----
n = 1
where C(2*n,n) is the central binomial coefficient. If we want
at each step to compute (the final n'th digit) then we need
log(n) steps to do it. It can be done in any base chosen in
advance, in BBP the computation could be done in base 2 but
here we have the actual explicit fraction which is independant
of the base. This is where we actually compute the decimal
expansion of the final fraction of the process.
So finally the n'th digit of Pi can be computed in
C*n**3*log(n)**3 steps.
Other Numbers
By looking at the plethora of formulas of the same type as
(1) or (3) we see that [PIagm], [RamI and IV] the numbers
Pi*sqrt(3) Pi, Pi**3, Zeta(3) and even powers of Pi can be
computed as well. The condition we need to enseure is :
if any term of a series can be split into small fractions of
size no greater than that of a computer word, then it is part
of that class. This includes series of the type :
infinity
----- n
\ c
) --------------- (3)
/ r
----- P(n) C(m n, n)
n = 1
where c is an integer, P(n) a polynomial and C(mn,n) is a near
central binomial coefficient. This class of series contains
many numbers that are not yet identified in terms of known
constants and conversely the known constants that are of similar
nature like Zeta(5) have not yet been identified as members
of the class. The process of identifying a series as being
expressed in terms of known constants and the exact reverse
process is what the Inverter[Inv] tries to do.
The number e or exp(1) which is sum(1/n!,n=0..infinity) does
not satisfies our condition because 1/n! eventually contains
high powers of 2, therefore cannot be computed to the n'th digit
using our algorithm.
The factorisation of 1/n! has high powers of small primes,
the highestis 2**k and k is nearly the size of n. For this
particular number only avery few series are known and appear
to be only a variation on that first one.
Others like gamma or Catalan do not seem to have a proper series
representation and computer search using Bailey's PSLQ or LLL with
MapleV and Pari-Gp gave no answer to this. Algebraic numbers like
sqrt(2) have not been yet been fully investigated and we still do
not know if those would fall into this category.
Conclusions
There are many, but first and foremost we cannot resist thinking at
William Shanks who did the computation of Pi by hand in 1853 - if he
would have known this algorithm, he would have certainly tried it
before spending 20 years of his life computing Pi (half of it on a mistake).
Secondly, the algorithm shown here is theoretical and not practical.
We do not know if there is a way to improve it, and if so then it is
reasonable to think that it could then be used to check long computations
like the one that Yasumasa Kanada conducted last year for the computation
of Pi to 1241 billion digits. There could be a way to
speed the algorithm to make it an efficient algorithm.
Thirdly, so far there are 2 classes of numbers that can be computed to the
n'th digit :
1) the SC(2) class as in the [BBP] algorithm which includes various
polylogarithms.
2) this new class of numbers. Now what's next ?, so far we do not know
wheter, for example, series whose general term is H(n)/2**n (where H(n)
is the n'th harmonic number) whcich fall into the first class, can be
extended. We think that this new approach is only the tip of the iceberg.
Finally, it is interesting to observe that we can then compute Pi to the
10000'th digit without having to store (hardly) any array or matrix, so it
can be computed using a small pocket calculator. We also note that, in some
way we have a way to produce the digits of Pi without using memory, this means
that the number is compressible , if we consider that we could use the
algorithm to produce a few thousands digits of the number. We think that
other numbers are yet to come and that there is a possibility (?) of having
a direct formula for the n'th digit (in any base) of a naturally occuring
constant like log(2).
Acknowledgments
We wish to thanks, Robert Israel (Univ. British Columbia) and David H.
Bailey [NASA] for their helpful comments.
Bibliography
* David H. Bailey, Peter B. Borwein and Simon Plouffe, On The Rapid Computation
of Various Polylogarithmic Constants, april 1997 in Mathematics of Computation.
* Bruce C. Berndt, Ramanujan Notebooks vols. I to IV. Springer Verlag, New York.
* Pi and the AGM, by Jonathan M. Borwein and Peter B. Borwein, A Study in
Analytic Number Theory and Computational Complexity, Wiley, N.Y., 1987.
* David H. Bailey and Simon Plouffe, Recognizing Numerical Constants, preprint 1995.
* Robert Israel at University of British Columbia, personal communication.
* M. Abramowitz and I. Stegun, Handbook of Mathematical Functions, Dover, New York, 1964.
* G. H. Hardy and E. M. Wright, An Introduction to the Theory of Numbers 5e,
Oxford University Press, 1979.
* W. Shanks, Contributions to Mathematics Comprising Chiefly of the Rectification
of the Circle to 607 Places of Decimals, G. Bell, London, 1853.
* D.E. Knuth, The Art of Computer Programming, Vol. 2: Seminumerical Algorithms,
Addison-Wesley, Reading, MA, 1981.
* Plouffe's Inverter at http://pi.lacim.uqam.ca/eng
Keywords : Pi, complexity, algorithm, n'th digit computation, Plouffe's Inverter.
Image caption Both sides have accused each other of deliberately ramming ships
A court in the US has labelled conservationist group Sea Shepherd "pirates".
Judge Alex Kozinski said the group's "aggressive and high-profile attacks" on Japan's whaling fleet endangered lives, ordering them to stop.
US-based Sea Shepherd has for many years chased the Japanese whalers, attempting to disrupt the annual hunt.
The two sides have frequently clashed at sea, blaming each other for collisions and damage.
Three Sea Shepherd ships have been involved a stand-off and clashes with the whaling fleet in the icy waters of the Southern Ocean for several weeks.
They have been trying to prevent the Japanese ships from refuelling from a tanker ship, the Sun Laurel. Both parties released video footage this week which they said showed the other deliberately ramming their ships.
Japan is an island nation surrounded by the sea, so taking some good protein from the ocean is very important Yoshimasa Hayashi, Japanese fisheries minister
Sea Shepherd has also accused the whalers of using water cannon and stun grenades against them, and says Japan has deployed a military icebreaker, the Shirase, to intimidate them - something Japan rejects.
'Embodiment of piracy'
The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals issued an injunction last year banning Sea Shepherd from going within 500m of Japan's ships.
Its ruling on Monday clears the way for Japan, which calls the activists terrorists, to launch more extensive legal action against them.
Judge Kozinski overturned an earlier district court ruling which had sided with the activists.
"When you ram ships, hurl glass containers of acid, drag metal-reinforced ropes in the water to damage propellers and rudders, launch smoke bombs and flares with hooks; and point high-powered lasers at other ships, you are, without a doubt, a pirate," he said.
"The activities that Cetacean [the Japanese whalers] alleges Sea Shepherd has engaged in are clear instances of violent acts for private ends, the very embodiment of piracy."
Image caption Japan says the Sea Shepherd ships are endangering lives at sea (Image by ICR)
He added that the illegality of whaling in Australian waters did not excuse Sea Shepherd's activities.
"It is for Australia, not Sea Shepherd, to police Australia's court orders."
Sea Shepherd argues that the US court has no jurisdiction over foreign-flagged vessels sailing in Australian waters with an international crew.
There has been an international ban on commercial whaling for 25 years, but Japan sends its fleet to the Antarctic in the autumn or winter each year, returning the following spring, with the aim of catching hundreds of whales.
Tokyo says the hunt is part of a scientific research programme and that it is obliged by the whaling treaty to sell meat by-products. But critics say the hunt is commercial whaling in another guise and has no scientific value.
Australia is also taking legal action against Japan over whaling.
But Japan's fisheries minister, Yoshimasa Hayashi, has said whaling is part of Japan's culture and that it will never give up hunting the animals.
"Japan is an island nation surrounded by the sea, so taking some good protein from the ocean is very important. For food security I think it's very important," he told AFP.
"So why don't we at least agree to disagree? We have this culture and you don't have that culture... so I just would like to say 'please understand this is our culture'."
On Wednesday morning's “Fox & Friends,” Ann Coulter responded to Jimmy Hoffa's Labor Day remarks by calling kindergarten teachers ‘useless'.
“What I really think needs to be talked about is that no one is mentioning this is Jimmy Hoffa, the president of the Teamsters. They used to be truck drivers and pipefitters. Now he's representing public school teachers? Kindergarten teachers? Cafeteria workers? Fighting for every last bit of their government pension? What a pathetic downfall!”
Coulter continued: “And how about a little of this tough talk back when the Teamsters supported drilling [for oil] in ANWR? You know: ‘Real jobs for real men' — as opposed to kindergarten teachers. And how about fighting for nuclear power plants being installed? He's not even representing men who have actual jobs. He's representing a bunch of useless public sector workers.”
Co-host Gretchen Carlson then gave Coulter a chance to walk her comments back, saying “I don't want to say that teachers are useless.”
“No?” Coulter shot back. “I will. They are government workers. Let's turn it over to private [schools], to vouchers, to charter schools. No, they fight for every last dime. They get summers off. They're off at two [o'clock] and they make more money than most of those pipefitters who no longer have jobs.”
Here's the video:
As a person who has taught in many a classroom, I personally take offense at Coulter's remarks. Teachers work damn hard throughout the year to educate hundreds of children five days a week. I know from experience that kindergarten teachers have perhaps the toughest teaching jobs in the school system. They are basically acting as parents, babysitters, nurses, and educators throughout the day. Most teachers even work after class is over and develop their skills during the summer by teaching summer school or taking college courses to improve their teaching skills and technique.
For Ann Coulter to stab teachers in the back like this is unacceptable and outrageous. I'm betting Coulter was one of those students who whined throughout the day about having homework, or actually having to listen in class. If one of her former teachers ever reads this, I commend you for your patience.
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's Jerusalem municipality approved building plans on Wednesday for 184 new homes in two Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank, drawing anger from Palestinians engaged in faltering statehood talks.
A municipality spokeswoman said the local planning committee had approved requests by private contractors who purchased the land years ago for the construction of 144 homes in Har Homa and 40 dwellings in Pisgat Zeev.
Hanan Ashrawi, a senior member of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO), accused Israel of trying to derail U.S.-sponsored peace talks in which the future of settlements on
land that Palestinians want for a state is a major issue.
“It is having become evident that Israel has done everything possible to destroy the ongoing negotiations and to provoke violence and extremism throughout the region,” Ashrawi said in a statement.
Israel says Palestinian refusal to recognize it as a Jewish state is the main stumbling block. Palestinian leaders say they recognized Israel in interim peace deals and there is no need for them to recognize its Jewishness.
Har Homa and Pisgat Zeev settlements are in a part of the West Bank that Israel annexed to Jerusalem after capturing the territory in the 1967 Middle East war. The annexation was not recognized internationally.
Palestinians are seeking a state in East Jerusalem, the West Bank and Gaza Strip. They say Israeli settlements, regarded as illegal by most countries, could deny them a viable, contiguous country.
Israel regards Pisgat Zeev and Har Homa as neighborhoods of Jerusalem that it would keep under any future peace deal with the Palestinians.
The two sides resumed U.S.-brokered peace talks in July, but the negotiations appear to be going nowhere. Washington is struggling to formulate agreed principles that would extend the talks beyond an original April target date for a final deal.
More than 500,000 Israelis have settled in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, areas that are home to about 2.8 million Palestinians.
(Corrects Palestinian position on “Jewishness” of Israel)
In-Memory Distributed Cache
In-Memory Data Grid
Tricycle vs. Motorcycle
In-Memory Distributed Caching
In-Memory Data Grid
This new and very disruptive capability of in-memory data grids also marked the start of the in-memory computing revolution.
I would like to clarify definitions for the following technologies:These terms are, surprisingly, often used interchangeably and yet technically and historically they represent very different products and serve different, sometimes very different, use cases.It's also important to note that there are no specifications or industry standards on what cache, or data grid should be (unlike java application servers and JEE, for example). There was and still is an attempt to standardize caching via JSR107 and JSR 347 but it has been years (almost a decade for JSR 107) in the making and they are both hopelessly outdated by now (I'm on the expert group for JSR 107).First of all, let me clarify that I am discussing caches and data grids in the context of in-memory, distributed architectures. Traditional disk-based databases and non-distributed in-memory caches or databases are out of scope for this article.Chronologically, caches and data grids were developed in that order from simple caching to more complex data grids. The first distributed caches appeared in the late 1990s, and data grids emerged around 2003-2005.Both of these technologies are enjoying a significant boost in interest in the last couple years thanks to explosive growth in-memory computing in general fueled by 30% YoY price reduction for DRAM and cheaper Flash storage.Despite the fact that I believe that distributed caching is rapidly going away , I still think it's important to place it in its proper historical and technical context along with data grids and databases.The primary use case for caching is to keep frequently accessed data in process memory to avoid constantly fetching this data from disk, which leads to the High Availability (HA) of that data to the application running in that process space (hence, “in-memory” caching).Most of the caches were built as distributed in-memory key/value stores that supported a simple set of ‘put' and ‘get' operations and optionally some sort of read-through and write-through behavior for writing and reading values to and from underlying disk-based storage such as an RDBMS. Depending on the product, additional features like ACID transactions, eviction policies, replication vs. partitioning, active backups, etc. also became available as the products matured.These fundamental data management capabilities of distributed caches formed the foundation for the technologies that came later and were built on top of them such asThe feature of data grids that distinguishes them from distributed caches the most was their ability to support co-location of computations with data in a distributed context and consequently provided the ability to move computation to data. This capability was the key innovation that addressed the demands of rapidly growing data sets that made moving data to the application layer increasing impractical. Most of the data grids provide some basic capabilities to move the computations to the data.Another uniquely new characteristic of in-memory data grids is the addition of distributed MPP processing based on standard SQL and/or MapReduce, that allows to effectively compute over data stored in-memory across the cluster.Just as distributed caches were developed in response to a growing need for data HA, in-memory data grids were developed to respond to the growingof data processing. It was no longer enough to have simple key-based access. Distributed SQL, complex indexing and MapReduce-based processing across TBs of data in-memory are necessary tools for today's demanding data processing.Adding distributed SQL and/or MapReduce type processing required a complete re-thinking of distributed caches, as focus has shifted from pure data management to hybrid data and compute management.
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE has repeatedly refused to release his tax returns despite earlier promises to do so and the fact that every presidential candidate has released their returns for the past four decades.
While formal legal arguments can be made why he should be required to release his returns, the arguments necessitate turning to provisions such as the Constitution's Emoluments Clause. If we citizens are relying on the legal process to unveil what Donald Trump so deeply fears from revealing his tax returns, the wait may be a substantial one as the courts work their way through unchartered legal territory.
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump's recent actions, however, should mean that the public no longer needs to wait for the courts to act.
Up until now, Trump has been able to argue that the voters can decide for themselves whether or not his finances are important in their evaluation of him as a candidate. It would be a very different situation, however, if Trump relied on his own tax returns as evidence to justify a particular action or law.
This is precisely what he just did with the tax reform debate. The Washington Post has reported that Trump placed a phone call to a meeting of senators and in arguing for the tax reform plan told them that, “he had spoken to his own accountant about the tax plan and that he would be a ‘big loser' if the deal is approved.”
Trump, in other words, is offering himself up as Exhibit A in refuting claims that the tax reform plan would unfairly enrich the wealthy at the expense of the middle class.
In legal circles, we would call this “opening the door” to information that an individual otherwise could refuse to reveal. In fact, the principle is less a legal rule than a common sense notion based on fairness.
One need not be a lawyer to understand why the law doesn't let a witness simply take the stand, make an unverified claim that “I didn't do it,” and then refuse to be questioned about the claim.
Likewise, basic fairness says that if someone offers themselves up as “proof” on a matter of public debate, the public then has every right to say, “Well, then, show us.”
Indeed, one wonders why a senator during that phone call did not say to the president when he made that claim, “You are right, your tax returns would be very instructive on how the tax bill would affect the wealthy, please send us your returns immediately so we can see how the tax proposals would affect someone of your wealth.”
In short, if President Trump wants to sit quiet while resisting calls for transparency when it comes to his taxes, then he can allow the legal process to play out and let the lawyers and judges divine the meaning of the Emoluments Clause. But if he wants to use the impact of a law on his own finances as a way to actively argue for a bill's passage, then he has opened the door and needs to be held to account.
No player in a game of poker would simply let another player claim that he had four aces and collect all of the chips in the pot without demanding to see the other player's cards.
It is simply what fairness dictates.
So Mr. President if you want to talk tax reform and use your own taxes as proof of how fair and great your bill will be, lay your cards on the table and show us your tax returns; otherwise, we have every right to suspect that you have a card (or perhaps a Russian ties) hidden up your sleeve.
Scott E. Sundby is a professor of law at the University of Miami.
The 15th Vana'versary Adventurer Appreciation Campaign (04/28/2017)
The following campaigns will commence on Thursday, May 11 at 1:00 a.m. (PDT)
Campaign Period
Thursday, May 11 at 1:00 a.m. (PDT) to Wednesday, May 31 at 7:59 a.m.
Chain Experience Bonus Campaign
Earn from double to three times the normal amount of experience from experience chains.
Chain Capacity Point Bonus Campaign
Earn from double to three times the normal amount of capacity points from experience chains.
Chain Monstrosity Bonus Campaign
Earn from double to three times the normal amount of experience from experience chains.
Increased Seal and Crest Drop Rate Campaign
The rate at which seals and crests are dropped is increased based on the number of members in the party up to a maximum of six seals.
Mog Gardens Campaign
Mog Gardens will undergo the following modifications throughout the duration.
- The number of shining stars received when entering a Mog Garden will be doubled.
- Different items will wash ashore.
- Items may be harvested from Monster Rearing twice per day.
- The following items will be sold in the gardens specially throughout the duration.
Golden Seed Pouch / Chestnut Tree Sap / Monarch Beetle Saliva
Bronze Bed / Mahogany Bed / Noble's Bed / Goblin Stew 880
Wildskeeper Reive Campaign
During this campaign, wildskeeper reives will undergo the following changes to make them more accessible.
- The required fame and bayld cost of the key item required to participate have been reduced.
- Enemies will drop two pinches of high-purity bayld.
- Enemies will drop Mog Kupons AW-WK
- The respawn times for the following notorious monsters have been reduced.
Colkhab / Tchakka / Achuka / Yumcax / Hurkan / Kumhau
Alter Ego Expo
Alter egos will receive the following improvements for the duration of the campaign.
- Alter egos' Maximum HP and MP are increased by 50%.
- Alter egos have stronger resistance to status ailments.
High-Tier Mission Battlefield Campaign
The number of personal drops in the following battlefields will be increased by one, and players will receive either a pluton, a pluton case, a pluton box, a chunk of beitetsu, a beitetsu case, a beitetsu box, a riftborn boulder, a boulder case, or a boulder box.
★Ark Angels 1 / ★Ark Angels 2 / ★Ark Angels 3 / ★Ark Angels 4 / ★Ark Angels 5 /
★Return to Delkfutt's Tower / ★The Celestial Nexus / ★The Savage / ★The Warrior's Path /
★Puppet in Peril / ★Legacy of the Lost / ★Rank 5 Mission / ★Headwind /
★One to be Feared / ★Dawn / ★Pentacide Perpetrator / ★Trial by Fire / ★Trial by Ice /
★Trial by Wind / ★Trial by Earth / ★Trial by Lightning / ★Trial by Water /
★The Moonlit Path / ★Waking the Beast / ★Waking Dreams
* Higher quality items will drop more frequently on higher difficulties.
Wanted Dial Campaign
A new dial, the Wanted Dial, will be added to the Gobbie Mystery Box. This fresh addition can be spun once per day to receive one of the treasure coffers that drops from Wanted battle content. Additionally, the odds of the special dial yielding equipment will be boosted for the duration.
* Spinning the Wanted Dial does not cost any daily tally.
* 45 days must have passed since character creation in order to use the Gobbie Mystery Box.
Microcosmic Orb Campaign
Vanquishing certain monsters in the following battlefields will occasionally reward players with job cards and a variety of other items.
Shemo in Port Jeuno (H-8) will also trade crests at a rate of two-to-one.
Orb
Rate Battlefield Battlefield Name Entry Restrictions Applicable Monsters Macrocosmic Orbs
Sacred Kindred's Crest Sacrifical Chamber ★Ampihibian Assault No level restrictions
30 minutes
6-person party Hyohh the Conchblower Pevv the Riverleaper Qull the Fallstopper Rauu the Whaleswooner ★Jungle Boogymen No level restrictions
30 minutes
Six-person party Sable-tounged Gonberry Virid-faced Shanberry Cyaneous-toed Yallberry Vermilion-eared Noberry Throne Room ★Kindred Spirits No level restrictions
30 minutes
Six-person party Grand Marquis Chomiel Duke Amduscias Count Andromalius Duke Dantalian Qu'Bia Arena ★Demolition Squad No level restrictions
30 minutes
Six-person party Nephiyl Moatfiller Nephiyl Rampartbreacher Nephiyl Keepcollapser Nephiyl Pinnacletosser ★Brothers D'Aurphe No level restrictions
30 minutes
Six-person party Vaicoliaux B D'Aurphe Maldaramet B D'Aurphe Disfaurit B D'Aurphe Jeumouque B D'Aurphe Chamber of Oracles ★Legion XI Comitatensis No level restrictions
30 minutes
Six-person party Secutor XI-XXXII Retiarius XI-XIX Hoplomachus XI-XXVI Centurio XI-I Horlais Peak ★Dismemberment Brigade No level restrictions
30 minutes
Six-person party Armsmaster Dekbuk Longarmed Gottditt Keeneyed AufwufI Invulnerable Mazzgozz Undefeatable Sappdapp Mind's-eyed Klugwug Waughroon Shrine ★Grimshell Shocktroopers No level restrictions
30 minutes
Six-person party Yo'Bhu Hideousmask Zo'Dhu Legslicer Ka'Nha Jabbertongue Bi'Fho Jestergrin Ku'Tya Hotblood Ea'Tho Cruelheart Balga's Dais ★Divine Punishers No level restrictions
30 minutes
Six-person party Voo Tolu the Ghostfist Cuu Doko the Blizzard Zuu Xowu the Darksmoke Gii Jaha the Raucous Aa Nawu the Thunderblade Yoo Mihi the Haze
The following campaigns will level up during the following periods in appreciation of your support of Vana'diel!
Campaign Period
Tuesday, May 16 at 1:00 a.m. (PDT) to Monday, May 29 at the same hour.
Chain Experience Bonus Campaign - PLUS!
Earn from double to three times the normal amount of experience from experience chains. Not only that, but the maximum benefit of Dedication from items will be doubled during the campaign!
Chain Capacity Point Bonus Campaign - PLUS!
Earn from double to three times the normal amount of capacity points from experience chains. Not only that, but the maximum benefit of Commitment from items will be doubled during the campaign!
Chain Monstrosity Bonus Campaign - PLUS!
Earn from double to three times the normal amount of experience from experience chains. Not only that, but the maximum benefit of Dedication will be doubled during the campaign!
Increased Seal and Crest Drop Rate Campaign
The rate at which seals and crests are dropped is increased based on the number of members in the party up to a maximum of six seals.
Abyssea Campaign
During the campaign, the default light values of pearlescent, azure, golden, and silver auras will be drastically increased.
In addition, a blue treasure chest has been placed near Horst in Port Jeuno (H-8). Opening the chest will enable you to claim one of the following prizes:
- Eleven varieties of Atma
- One Lunar Abyssite key item
- 100,000 cruores
* Those who have received the rewards in previous campaigns are not eligible.
Mog Gardens Campaign
Mog Gardens will undergo the following modifications throughout the duration.
- The number of shining stars received when entering a Mog Garden will be doubled.
- Different items will wash ashore.
- Items may be harvested from Monster Rearing twice per day.
- The following items will be sold in the gardens specially throughout the duration.
Golden Seed Pouch / Chestnut Tree Sap / Monarch Beetle Saliva
Bronze Bed / Mahogany Bed / Noble?s Bed / Goblin Stew 880
Wildskeeper Reive Campaign - PLUS!
During this campaign, wildskeeper reives will undergo the following changes to make them more accessible.
- The required fame and bayld cost of the key item required to participate have been reduced.
- Enemies will drop four pinches of high-purity bayld.
- Enemies will drop Mog Kupon AW-WK.
- The respawn times for the following notorious monsters have been reduced.
Colkhab / Tchakka / Achuka / Yumcax / Hurkan / Kumhau
Alter Ego Expo Campaign HQ
Alter egos will receive the following improvements for the duration of the campaign.
- Alter egos' Maximum HP and MP are increased by 50%.
- Alter egos have stronger resistance to status ailments.
- When you take an amount of damage exceeding your remaining HP, you will negate the damage and restore your HP to its maximum value for one time only.*
* Does not apply to the "Iroha" alter ego.
* Does not apply to techniques such as the dark magic spell "Death" or the "Doom" special attack.
Incursion Campaign
During the campaign, monsters and notorious monsters will only drop grand coffers when defeated.
Unity Wanted Campaign
During the campaign, completing Wanted I, Wanted II, and Wanted III Records of Eminence objectives will yield 2 treasure chests of each type.
High-Tier Mission Battlefield Campaign
The number of personal drops in the following battlefields will be increased by one, and players will receive either a pluton, a pluton case, a pluton box, a chunk of beitetsu, a beitetsu case, a beitetsu box, a riftborn boulder, a boulder case, or a boulder box.
★Ark Angels 1 / ★Ark Angels 2 / ★Ark Angels 3 / ★Ark Angels 4 / ★Ark Angels 5 /
★Return to Delkfutt's Tower / ★The Celestial Nexus / ★The Savage / ★The Warrior's Path /
★Puppet in Peril / ★Legacy of the Lost / ★Rank 5 Mission / ★Headwind /
★One to be Feared / ★Dawn / ★Pentacide Perpetrator / ★Trial by Fire / ★Trial by Ice /
★Trial by Wind / ★Trial by Earth / ★Trial by Lightning / ★Trial by Water /
★The Moonlit Path / ★Waking the Beast / ★Waking Dreams
* Higher quality items will drop more frequently on higher difficulties.
Wanted Dial Campaign
A new dial, the Wanted Dial, will be added to the Gobbie Mystery Box. This fresh addition can be spun once per day to receive one of the treasure coffers that drops from Wanted battle content. Additionally, the odds of the special dial yielding equipment will be boosted for the duration.
* Spinning the Wanted Dial does not cost any daily tally.
* 45 days must have passed since character creation in order to use the Gobbie Mystery Box.
Combat and Magic Skill Increase Campaign
Combat skills will be more likely to increase while in combat for the duration. Additionally, magic skills will be more likely to increase when casting spells.
Microcosmic Orb Campaign
Vanquishing certain monsters in the following battlefields will occasionally reward players with job cards and a variety of other items.
Shemo in Port Jeuno (H-8) will also trade crests at a rate of two-to-one.
Feel free to publish this article on your website. We just ask that you do not edit the article and ensure that the author is correctly attributed! Just copy the code below into your CMS.
By copying the code below you are adhering to all our guidelines
Melbourne CBD Model update: August 2016
One of the first things I was keen to do upon returning from my European holiday was provided the Urban Melbourne 3D model with some much-needed attention, particularly in light of a number of recent significant approvals.
As such the following 11 projects have been added to the model or updated in the previous two weeks:
The Conservatory, 9 Mackenzie Street
295-309 King Street
Ritz Carlton at West Side Place & Tower 2 updated
The Jean Nouvel designed 383 LaTrobe Street in association with Architectus
303 LaTrobe Street
The late Zaha Hadid's 582-606 Collins Street with Plus Architecture
Melbourne Quarter updated
Tower 5 at Collins Square
9-27 Downie Street
7-23 Spencer Street
35 Spring Street
Key - Red: proposed. Blue: approved. Green: Under Construction.
Soon enough you'll be able to pan around the Urban Melbourne 3D model, much like Google Earth
Despite the additions, there still remains a significant number of projects yet to be added across the CBD, Southbank and Docklands, meaning a relatively complete model is still some time away. Ideally early 2017 would see a complete Melbourne model.
Ultimately as we continue to improve Urban Melbourne, there are a number of features we will be looking to implement, one of which would be providing an interactive model of the city (with various layers) that visitors to the site could orbit around and switch on and off proposed, approved and under construction buildings etc.
But for now you'll all have to rely on my renders and screen grabs, which I think are good for a bit of fun visual analysis of the state of play in the central city.
CBD North continues to perform as the west end slowly gathers pace
The CBD North area is currently the busiest in terms of construction and this is likely to continue with projects such as Queens Place, the Munro Site at QVM, and Swanston Central kicking off over the next 12 months or so. Meanwhile the west end of the CBD is gearing up for a host of major developments commencing with Collins Arch, Olderfleet Place, Collins House, West Side Place Towers 1 & 2, and Melbourne Quarter adding a mix of apartments, hotel suites and office space; and let's not forget much needed public open space.
These projects also go some way to better connecting Docklands with the CBD both visually and physically; Spencer Street which once had a number of major bombsites will be unrecognisable in five years time.
CBD North is experiencing the greatest change
Melbourne's future buildings would make for an impressive skyline
As the elevations below illustrate the Melbourne skyline is in for significant change (in case you weren't aware). The height and density far exceeds anything that has been developed in the last 20 years, where a whole other city is essentially being built within the current CBD.
Fishermans Bend Urban Renewal Area also shapes as another CBD-sized development in itself.
Existing, future and combined.
The diagram also illustrates that there is a strong pipeline of development approved (blue) and ready to commence in the next few years once the current and sizeable construction cycle (green) draws to a close.
Lastly, I thought I would end with a render that shows how this current development boom is unique and unlike any other in Melbourne's history.
A who's who on the Melbourne skyline.
The above image features: a Beyonce-inspired curvaceous tower, Melbourne's first Ritz Carlton hotel and the tallest hotel in Australia (until One Queensbridge Street takes the crown), a Zaha Hadid designed tower, a Jean Nouvel-designed tower, a Grimshaw designed tower, a SHoP-designed tower and two mainstays of Melbourne architecture in DCM and FKA teaming up to deliver the final piece of Batmans Hill.
The view of the city from the Yarra River and Southbank will be very different in the not-too-distant future, and tinged with the designs of some of the most recognisable architects of our time.
This article is republished from Urban.com.au under a Creative Commons license. Read the original article.
Israel is expected to annex a widespread ocean territory of which Lebanon also claims ownership.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
It was recently decided to bring a bill to define the maritime economic border with Lebanon to be read and voted on by the government and the Knesset. The move comes after years of delaying the ruling on Israel's maritime border, partially due to efforts by the United States and the United Nations to mediate between Israel and Lebanon.
Maritime gas drilling site (Photo: AFP)
The proposed bill includes a large territory still under dispute with Lebanon.
Israel-Lebanon maritime border
The bill is aimed to claim Israel's sovereignty over the area, mainly for the purpose of harvesting natural recourses like oil and gas.
According to international law, dividing territory between states that reside near the same maritime area is done through their mutual agreement and is largely based on the "mid-point" between the two.
Though Israel and Lebanon have been in dispute over what the mid-point between their maritime borders is, both countries are fighting over an 800 square kilometer trianglular maritime area (seen in the picture as areas 1-3), with both claiming they have the right to extract oil and gas from the area.
After Lebanon recently broke the status quo, advertising a tender to search for natural resources in the disputed area, Israel began promoting a bill that aims to define the area within the Israel's maritime territory.
Minister of Environmental Protection Ze'ev Elkin and Minister of National Infrastructure, Energy and Water Resources Yuval Steinitz (Likud) consolidated other agreements regarding what government body would have the authority over the area, eventually giving it to the Ministry of Energy. The Ministery of Environmental Protection agreed to stay as a non-authority advisory agency.
The Ministry of Environmental Protection responded that "the bill has many positive aspects regarding the environment, as it promises certainty of the application of environmental laws in the area. However, the ministry is not satisfied with the current arrangement which does not clarify what agency will be the one overseeing the impact on the environment."
JavaScript's quirky history aligns nicely with some of its quirky features. In this video we'll start off with Mark Andreessen and Brendan Eich in the early days of Netscape Navigator. We'll then look at the motives for attempting to add “Scheme to the browser” and ending up with Mocha(JavaScript) being created in 10 days. We'll look at the benefits of standardizing JavaScript with Ecma International and how that lead to the Ecma-262 standard and the TC-39 committee. From there we'll look at the steps needed for an idea to become part of the official EcmaScript specification. Lastly, we'll hear from TC-39 delegate Kent C. Dodds on what a typical TC-39 meeting looks like.
JavaScript is a living language which is constantly adding new features. What I want to do in this post is break down that process and show the steps needed for a new feature to go from a simple idea to part of the official specification. To do that, we'll need to cover three things: ECMA, ECMAScript, and the TC39.
Let's take ourselves back to 1995. The cult classic Heavy Weights was in theaters, Nicolas Cage won an Oscar, and websites looked something like this. Now, odds are the way you viewed this website was with Netscape Navigator. At the time, Netscape Navigator was the most popular web browser with almost 80% market share. The founder of Netscape, the company behind Netscape Navigator, was Mark Andreessen. He had a vision for the future of the web and it was more than just a way to share and distribute documents. He invisioned a more dynamic platform with client side interactivity - a sort of “glue langauge” that was easy to use by both designers and developers. This is where Brendan Eich comes into the picture. He was recruited by Netscape with the goal of embedding the Scheme programming language into Netscape Navigator. But before he could get started, Nescape collaborated with Sun Microsystems to make their up and coming programming langauge Java available in the browser. Now this brings up the question, “If Java was already a suitable language, why bring on Brendan to create another one?“. Well if you remember back to Nescape's goal, they wanted a scripting langauge that was simple enough for designers and amateurs to use - Java wasn't that. So the idea became that Java could be used by professionals and “Mocha”, which was the initial name of JavaScript, would be used by everyone else. Because of this collaboration between langauges, Netscape decided that Mocha needed to compliment Java and should have a relatively similar syntax. Then, in just 10 days, Brendan created the first version of Mocha which still had some functionality from Scheme, the object orientaiton of SmallTalk, and the syntax of Java. Eventually the name Mocha changed to LiveScript and then LiveScript changed to JavaScript as a marketing ploy to ride the hype of Java. So at this point, JavaScript was marketed as a scripting language for the browser - accessible to both amateurs and designers while Java was the professional tool for building rich web components.
Now, it's important to understand the context of when these events were happening. Besides Nicolas Cage winning an Oscar, Microsoft was also working on Internet Explorer. Because JavaScript fundamentally changed the user experience of the web, if you were a competing browser you had no choice but to come up with your own JavaScript implementation since it wasn't standardized yet. So, that's exactly what Microsoft did and they called it JScript. This lead to a pretty famous problem in the history of the internet. JScript filled the same use case as JavaScript, but its implementation was different. This meant that you couldn't build one website and expect it to work on both Internet Explorer and Nestscape Navigator. In fact, the two implementations were so different that “Best viewed in Netscape” and “Best viewed in Internet Explorer” logos became common for most companies who couldn't afford to build for both implementations.
This is where Ecma comes into the picture. Ecma International is “an industry association founded in 1961, dedicated to the standardization of information and communication systems”. In November of 1996, Netscape submitted JavaScript to Ecma to build out a standard specification. By doing this it gave other implementors a voice in the evolution of the language and, ideally, it would keep other implementations consistant across browsers. So let's dive into how Ecma works. Each new specification comes with a standard and a committee. In JavaScript's case, the standard is ECMA-262 and the committee who works on the ECMA-262 standard is the TC39. If you look up the ECMA262 standard, you'll notice that the term “JavaScript” is never used. Instead, they use the term “EcmaScript” to talk about the official language. The reason for this is because Oracle owns the trademark for the term “JavaScript”, so to avoid legal issues, Ecma used the term EcmaScript instead. In the real world, ECMAScript is usually used to refer to the official standard, EMCA-262, while JavaScript is used when talking about the language in practice. As mentioned earlier, the committee which oversees the evolution of the Ecma262 standard is the TC39, which stands for Technical Committee 39. The TC39 is made up of “members” who are typically browser vendors and large companies who've invested heavily in the web like Facebook and PayPal. To attend the meetings, “members” (again, large companies and browser vendors) will send “delegates” to represent said company or browser. It's these delegates who are responsible for creating, approving, or denying language proposals.
When a new proposal is created, that proposal has to go through certain stages before it becomes part of the official specification. It's important to keep in mind that in order for any proposal to move from one stage to another, a consensus among the TC39 must be met. This means that a large majority must agree while nobody strongly disagrees enough to veto a specific proposal.
Each new proposal starts off at Stage 0. This stage is called the Strawman stage. Stage 0 proposals are “proposals which are planned to be presented to the committee by a TC39 champion or, have been presented to the committee and not rejected definitively, but have not yet achieved any of the criteria to get into stage 1.” So the only requirement for becoming a Stage 0 proposal is that the document must be reviewed at a TC39 meeting. It's important to note that using a Stage 0 feature in your codebase is fine, but even if it does continue on to become part of the official spec, it'll almost certainly go through a few iterations before then.
The next stage in the maturity of a new proposal is Stage 1. In order to progress to Stage 1, an official “champion” who is part of TC39 must be identified and is responsible for the proposal. In addition, the proposal needs to describe the problem it solves, have illustrative examples of usage, a high level API, and identify any potential concerns and implementation challenges. By accepting a proposal for stage 1, the committee signals they're willing to spend resources to look into the proposal in more depth.
The next stage is Stage 2. At this point, it's more than likely that this feature will eventually become part of the official specification. In order to make it to stage 2, the proposal must, in formal language, have a description of the syntax and semantics of the new feature. In other words, a draft, or a first version of what will be in the official specification is written. This is the stage to really lock down all aspects of the feature. Future changes may still likely occur, but they should only be minor, incremental changes.
Next up is Stage 3. At this point the proposal is mostly finished and now it just needs feedback from implementors and users to progress further. In order to progress to Stage 3, the spec text should be finished and at least two spec complient implementations must be created.
The last stage is Stage 4. At this point, the proposal is ready to be included in the official specification. To get to Stage 4, tests have to be written, two spec complient implementations should pass those tests, members should have significant practical experience with the new feature, and the EcmaScript spec editor must sign off on the spec text. Basically once a proposal makes it to stage 4, it's ready to stop being a proposal and make its way into the official specification. This brings up the last thing you need to know about this whole process and that is TC39s release schedule.
As of 2016, a new version of ECMAScript is released every year with whatever features are ready at that time. What that means is that any Stage 4 proposals that exist when a new release happens, will be included in the release for that year. Because of this yearly release cycle, new features should be much more incremental and easier to adopt.
Jeffrey Katzenberg, CEO of DreamWorks Animation, sang the praises of digital technology and Chinese filmmaking from a platform in the Beijing Film Festival. But he dampened speculation that his company would be taken over by a Chinese firm.
He said he didn't think DWA would benefit from being majority Chinese-owned. “We are a minority owner in a joint venture here, and I think that is the most successful structure to do business here in China today. We're very comfortable with that arrangement,” he told Variety, on the margins of a conference at the Beijing International Film Festival.
Katzenberg denied that a long-term Chinese owner is necessary to alleviate pressure from Wall Street of the kind that followed DWA's recent announcement of a cut in film production. Late last year there was stock market speculation that the company might be in talks with Chinese giants Wanda or Alibaba.
“Our stock is fine, the company has tremendous liquidity. We have a lot of cash on hand. We've had a few movies that didn't work, we have a great success with ‘Home.' That's the movie business. You have your ups and downs. We've been fortunate we've had many more ups than downs.”
Related U.S. Drama 'Green Book' Touted as Oscar Win for China Syco, Fremantle, Hunan TV to Bring ‘Got Talent' Format to China
DWA is a co-founder of Shanghai-based animation producer Oriental DreamWorks, and an investor alongside China Media Capital (CMC), Shanghai Media Group (SMG), and Shanghai Alliance Investment Limited (SAIL). Oriental DreamWorks, DWA and China Film Corporation are investors in “Kung Fu Panda 3,” the first of the “Panda” films to be produced in China.
Representatives from the three companies held a signing ceremony in front of media. But it was not clear that what was being signed had any meaning. The document was described as a co-production agreement, albeit for a film that has already been in production for over a year.
Earlier in the week, the film's director Jennifer Yuh Nelson said that production in China enabled a greater level of authenticity. “The weight of accuracy had been difficult for us. Previously we had to do things through research and extrapolate. Now we have Chinese people as creators,” she said. “We have some 200 artists working with us currently. They are not just executing, they are designers.”
The film is designed to have a high level of success with Chinese audiences. “There will be only two versions that are fully animated, the English and Chinese versions. ‘Kung Fu Panda 3 will be lip-synched in Chinese from the beginning; it will not be released in China as a subtitled English-language movie.”
Katzenberg said that the film is being made with a new degree of detail made possible by “methodical and predictable” technological progress. He said that it will take over 60 million hours of rendering, a figure that compares with 20 million for the first film and 50 million for the second.
“The digital revolution is fundamentally changing the way films are made, and animation seems to be leading the way. This is because in order to create our film every single moment on the screen must be computer animated,” said Katzenberg.
“The first ‘Shrek' was the most sophisticated computer animated film in history when it came out in 2001. It featured a single dragon, which was one of the most complex digital characters ever created. Fast forward to 2014. ‘How to Train Your Dragon 2' included hundreds of dragons each much more complex than that single dragon in ‘Shrek' 1. These technological advances have been applied to live action filmmaking, allowing live action to increasingly portray anything that can be imagined.”
“Take the examples of ‘The Taking of Tiger Mountain' or ‘Gone With the Bullets.' These outstanding Chinese films also represent great examples of the integration of live action and digital effects,” Katzenberg said.
NEW RELEASES Sauternes Cast Matured Launches Worldwide from September 7th
We are delighted to announce the first ever Sauternes Cask Matured Kilchoman. The Limited Edition release of just 6,000 bottles will be available from Kilchoman stockists worldwide this week. The exclusive bottling has been matured for over five years in Sauternes casks.
The Sauternes Cask Matured follows Port and Madeira cask matured expressions released in recent years and continues our commitment to small batch ‘full term maturation' rather than the more common practice of finishing whisky in such casks for a short period prior to bottling.
Anthony Wills, Kilchoman founder and Managing Director; “Although only making up a small part of our range, full term wine cask maturation in Port, Madeira and now Sauternes has produced fantastic results. The combination of peat smoke, fragrant Kilchoman spirit and full maturation in fresh Sauternes casks makes for a truly unique single malt.”
Robin Bignall, Kilchoman Production Manager; “Having spent its full maturation period in fresh Sauternes casks the whisky has inevitably taken on the textured white age influence associated with Sauternes casks however it remains balanced with an intriguing mix of maritime peat smoke, sweetness and citrus vibrancy.”
A limited number of bottles will be available here on the Kilchoman website from 10am this Wednesday (the 7th) priced at £73.50 (70cl, 50% ABV).
Hagens Berman has filed a class-action lawsuit on behalf of all employee truck drivers against trucking company Swift Transportation. The lawsuit seeks recovery for an alleged years-long practice of shortchanging drivers for the actual miles they drive from location to location.
The suit claims that Swift ignores reports from drivers showing the actual miles driven, and instead uses an artificial calculation that credits drivers for significantly fewer miles.
Comparing one trucker's actual miles driven to the miles paid for by Swift show the company reducing trips by up to 140 miles when paying the trucker, the suit claims.
According to the complaint, Swift used this shortchanging practice for several years, and other major trucking companies may also have engaged in this unfair, illegal tactic.
Hagens Berman seeks to hold Swift and any other companies involved responsible for repaying each driver fair compensation for the actual miles driven versus the low figures utilized by the company's formula.
The suit seeks to represent all Swift Transportation drivers employed on or after 1998 and who were paid on the basis of miles driven. To see if you or others you know qualify to participate in this lawsuit, please contact us for more information.
Drivers who worked for the company between 1998 and the present and who believe they may have a legal claim can contact the firm.
Additionally, we are also looking at issues relating to the payment of Driver Managers. If you or anyone you know has information regarding Driver Manager pay, please have them contact us.
Brief: In this article, I'll share with you the best resource to learn Linux for free. This is a collection of websites, online video courses and free eBooks.
How to learn Linux?
This is perhaps the most commonly asked question in our Facebook group for Linux users.
The answer to this simple looking question ‘how to learn Linux' is not at all simple.
Problem is that different people have different meanings of learning Linux.
If someone has never used Linux, be it command line or desktop version, that person might be just wondering to know more about it.
If someone uses Windows as the desktop but have to use Linux command line at work, that person might be interested in learning Linux commands.
If someone has been using Linux for sometimes and is aware of the basics but he/she might want to go to the next level.
If someone is just interested in getting your way around a specific Linux distribution.
If someone is trying to improve or learn Bash scripting which is almost synonymous with Linux command line.
If someone is willing to make a career as a Linux SysAdmin or trying to improve his/her sysadmin skills.
You see, the answer to “how do I learn Linux” depends on what kind of Linux knowledge you are seeking. And for this purpose, I have collected a bunch of free Linux resources that you could use for learning Linux.
These free resources include eBooks, video courses, websites etc. And these are divided into sub-categories so that you can easily find what you are looking for when you seek to learn Linux.
If you are looking to build a career as a Linux SysAdmin, I recommend getting professional certification from The Linux Foundation, the organization that employs Linux creator Linus Torvalds. You can also check some inexpensive Linux courses on Udemy.
Again, there is no best way to learn Linux. It totally up to you how you go about learning Linux, by online web portals, downloaded eBooks, video courses or something else.
Let's see how you can learn Linux.
Disclaimer: All the books listed here are legal to download. The sources mentioned here are the official sources, as per my knowledge. However, if you find it otherwise, please let me know so that I can take appropriate action.
1. Free materials to learn Linux for absolute beginners
So perhaps you have just heard of Linux from your friends or from a discussion online. You are intrigued about the hype around Linux and you are overwhelmed by the vast information available on the internet but just cannot figure out exactly where to look for to know more about Linux.
Worry not. Most of us, if not all, have been to your stage.
Introduction to Linux by Linux Foundation [Video Course]
If you have no idea about what is Linux and you want to get started with it, I suggest you to go ahead with the free video course provided by the Linux Foundation on edX. Consider it an official course by the organization that ‘maintains' Linux. And yes, it is endorsed by Linus Torvalds, the father of Linux himself.
Introduction To Linux
Linux Journey [Online Portal]
Not official and perhaps not very popular. But this little website is the perfect place for a no non-sense Linux learning for beginners.
The website is designed beautifully and is well organized based on the topics. It also has interactive quizzes that you can take after reading a section or chapter. My advice, bookmark this website:
Linux Journey
Learn Linux in 5 Days [eBook]
This brilliant eBook is available for free exclusively to It's FOSS readers all thanks to Linux Training Academy.
Written for absolute beginners in mind, this free Linux eBook gives you a quick overview of Linux, common Linux commands and other things that you need to learn to get started with Linux.
You can download the book from the page below:
Learn Linux In 5 Days
The Ultimate Linux Newbie Guide [eBook]
This is a free to download eBook for Linux beginners. The eBook starts with explaining what is Linux and then go on to provide more practical usage of Linux as a desktop.
You can download the latest version of this eBook from the link below:
The Ultimate Linux Newbie Guide
2. Free Linux eBooks for Beginners to Advanced
This section lists out those Linux eBooks that are ‘complete' in nature.
What I mean is that these are like academic textbooks that focus on each and every aspect of Linux, well most of it. You can read those as an absolute beginner or you can read those for deeper understanding as an intermediate Linux user. You can also use them for reference even if you are at expert level.
Introduction to Linux [eBook]
Introduction to Linux is a free eBook from The Linux Documentation Project and it is one of the most popular free Linux books out there. Though I think some parts of this book needs to be updated, it is still a very good book to teach you about Linux, its file system, command line, networking and other related stuff.
Introduction To Linux
Linux Fundamentals [eBook]
This free eBook by Paul Cobbaut teaches you about Linux history, installation and focuses on the basic Linux commands you should know. You can get the book from the link below:
Linux Fundamentals
Advanced Linux Programming [eBook]
As the name suggests, this is for advanced users who are or want to develop software for Linux. It deals with sophisticated features such as multiprocessing, multi-threading, interprocess communication, and interaction with hardware devices.
Following the book will help you develop a faster, reliable and secure program that uses the full capability of a GNU/Linux system.
Advanced Linux Programming
Linux From Scratch [eBook]
If you think you know enough about Linux and you are a pro, then why not create your own Linux distribution? Linux From Scratch (LFS) is a project that provides you with step-by-step instructions for building your own custom Linux system, entirely from source code.
Call it DIY Linux but this is a great way to put your Linux expertise to the next level.
There are various sub-parts of this project, you can check it out on its website and download the books from there.
Linux From Scratch
3. Free eBooks to learn Linux command line and Shell scripting
The real power of Linux lies in the command line and if you want to conquer Linux, you must learn Linux command line and Shell scripting.
In fact, if you have to work on Linux terminal on your job, having a good knowledge of Linux command line will actually help you in your tasks and perhaps help you in advancing your career as well (as you'll be more efficient).
In this section, we'll see various Linux commands free eBooks.
GNU/Linux Command−Line Tools Summary [eBook]
This eBook from The Linux Documentation Project is a good place to begin with Linux command line and get acquainted with Shell scripting.
GNU/Linux Command−Line Tools Summary
Bash Reference Manual from GNU [eBook]
This is a free eBook to download from GNU. As the name suggests, it deals with Bash Shell (if I can call that). This book has over 175 pages and it covers a number of topics around Linux command line in Bash.
You can get it from the link below:
Bash Reference Manual
The Linux Command Line [eBook]
This 500+ pages of free eBook by William Shotts is the MUST-HAVE for anyone who is serious about learning Linux command line.
Even if you think you know things about Linux, you'll be amazed at how much this book still teaches you.
It covers things from beginners to advanced level. I bet that you'll be a hell lot of better Linux user after reading this book. Download it and keep it with you always.
The Linux Command Line
Bash Guide for Beginners [eBook]
If you just want to get started with Bash scripting, this could be a good companion for you. The Linux Documentation Project is behind this eBook again and it's the same author who wrote Introduction to Linux eBook (discussed earlier in this article).
Bash Guide for Beginners
Advanced Bash-Scripting Guide [eBook]
If you think you already know basics of Bash scripting and you want to take your skills to the next level, this is what you need. This book has over 900+ pages of various advanced commands and their examples.
Advanced Bash-Scripting Guide
The AWK Programming Language [eBook]
Not the prettiest book here but if you really need to go deeper with your scripts, this old-yet-gold book could be helpful.
The AWK Programming Language
Linux 101 Hacks [eBook]
This 270 pages eBook from The Geek Stuff teaches you the essentials of Linux command lines with easy to follow practical examples. You can get the book from the link below:
Linux 101 Hacks
4. Distribution specific free learning material
This section deals with material that are dedicated to a certain Linux distribution. What we saw so far was the Linux in general, more focused on file systems, commands and other core stuff.
These books, on the other hand, can be termed as manual or getting started guide for various Linux distributions. So if you are using a certain Linux distribution or planning to use it, you can refer to these resources. And yes, these books are more desktop Linux focused.
I would also like to add that most Linux distributions have their own wiki or documentation section which are often pretty vast. You can always refer to them when you are online.
Ubuntu Manual
Needless to say that this eBook is for Ubuntu users. It's an independent project that provides Ubuntu manual in the form of free eBook. It is updated for each version of Ubuntu.
The book is rightly called manual because it is basically a composition of step-by-step instruction and aimed at absolute beginners to Ubuntu. So, you get to know Unity desktop, how to go around it and find applications etc.
It's a must-have if you never used Ubuntu Unity because it helps you to figure out how to use Ubuntu for your daily usage.
Ubuntu Manual
For Linux Mint: Just Tell Me Damnit! [eBook]
A very basic eBook that focuses on Linux Mint. It shows you how to install Linux Mint in a virtual machine, how to find software, install updates and customize the Linux Mint desktop.
You can download the eBook from the link below:
Just Tell Me Damnit!
Solus Linux Manual [eBook]
Caution! This used to be the official manual from Solus Linux but I cannot find its mentioned on Solus Project's website anymore. I don't know if it's outdated or not. But in any case, a little something about Solu Linux won't really hurt, will it?
Solus Linux User Guide
5. Free eBooks for SysAdmin
This section is dedicated to the SysAdmins, the superheroes for developers. I have listed a few free eBooks here for SysAdmin which will surely help anyone who is already a SysAdmin or aspirs to be one. I must add that you should also focus on essential Linux command lines as it will make your job easier.
The Debian Administration's Handbook [eBook]
If you use Debian Linux for your servers, this is your bible. Book starts with Debian history, installation, package management etc and then moves on to cover topics like LAMP, virtual machines, storage management and other core sysadmin stuff.
The Debian Administration's Handbook
Advanced Linux System Administration [eBook]
This is an ideal book if you are preparing for LPI certification. The book deals straightway to the topics essential for sysadmins. So knowledge of Linux command line is a prerequisite in this case.
Advanced Linux System Administration
Linux System Administration [eBook]
Another free eBook by Paul Cobbaut. The 370 pages long eBook covers networking, disk management, user management, kernel management, library management etc.
Linux System Administration
Linux Servers [eBook]
One more eBook from Paul Cobbaut of linux-training.be. This book covers web servers, mysql, DHCP, DNS, Samba and other file servers.
Linux Servers
Linux Networking [eBook]
Networking is the bread and butter of a SysAdmin, and this book by Paul Cobbaut (again) is a good reference material.
Linux Networking
Linux Storage [eBook]
This book by Paul Cobbaut (yes, him again) explains disk management on Linux in detail and introduces a lot of other storage-related technologies.
Linux Storage
Linux Security [eBook]
This is the last eBook by Paul Cobbaut in our list here. Security is one of the most important part of a sysadmin's job. This book focuses on file permissions, acls, SELinux, users and passwords etc.
Linux Security
Your favorite Linux learning material?
I know that this is a good collection of free Linux eBooks. But this could always be made better.
If you have some other resources that could be helpful in learning Linux, do share with us. Please note to share only the legal downloads so that I can update this article with your suggestion(s) without any problem.
I hope you find this article helpful in learning Linux. Your feedback is welcome :)
MHRA already charges fees for:
auditing and designating notified bodies
registering class 1 medical devices, custom made devices and in vitro diagnostic medical devices
clinical investigations
We want to know what you think
The fees for auditing notified bodies have not increased since 2010. They neither cover the full audit cost nor the cost of audit preparation work. There is also no fee in place in the UK for the re-designation audits of Notified Bodies.
The fees for the registration of class 1 medical devices, custom made devices and in vitro diagnostic medical devices have not increased since 2010 and do not cover the full cost.
Fees are charged for authorising clinical investigations, but not for the amendment of studies after they have been submitted, which is generating additional work.
The shortfall is being subsidised by the Department of Health therefore we are proposing to increase our fees to cover this.
It is proposed that the new fees will come into force during the financial year commencing April 2017.
When the case of American Broadcasting Companies v. Aereo comes before the Supreme Court in April, it will feature two American archetypes in a battle that could upend the television industry.
In one corner will be broadcast networks like ABC, NBC and CBS, powerful companies that have been fixtures in American living rooms for decades, and the conduit for collective national experiences like presidential elections, walks on the moon and the Super Bowl.
In the other corner is Chet Kanojia, a 43-year-old immigrant from India, who as an outsider saw a system that most took for granted and who knew he could build a better mousetrap, or at least a different one. Aereo, Mr. Kanojia's two-year-old company, has figured out how to grab over-the-air television signals and stream them to subscribers on the Internet. It is an invention that could topple titans.
The titans know it. Intent on maintaining a system that provides billions in revenue annually, the networks have been fighting Aereo in court almost since its inception, claiming the service was stealing their content. This month, the Supreme Court agreed to hear the case.
Ahead of SunRail's second anniversary of service, there was much fanfare and hype around the commuter train. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer pitched SunRail during last month's State of the City address and even gave out free tickets to community leaders in the audience, basically begging them to “try” riding the commuter train in April. Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs also made a similar plea during her State of the County address last month.
Despite the mayors' pleas, SunRail ridership actually dropped in the month of April.
According to the April Conductor's Report, SunRail only had an average of 3,427 total riders per day, or about 1,700 round-trip commuters each day. Those ridership counts are among the lowest averages for the train service. There is also a big drop in April ridership compared to March. The month before both Mayors asked the community to ride SunRail, 3,839 total riders, or just over 1,900 round-trip commuters, were on trains each day according to the March Conductor's Report. April's ridership is even lower than February levels
It appears no one was paying attention to Dyer or Jacobs.
In the month of April, SunRail only sold one annual pass. One. SunRail sold 543 monthly passes and 226 weekly passes last month.
The Florida Department of Transportation and SunRail officials continue to look forward despite the ongoing ridership struggles. In April, FDOT broke ground on SunRail's Phase 2, the first expansion for the train service. Phase 2 South will offer another 17.2 miles of commuter rail service between the Sand Lake Road station and the Poinciana station. The expansion will include the construction of four new stations.
“We're looking at the projected opening day ridership at about 2,000 boardings per day, on day one, and that's only projected to grow,” said Noranne Downs, FDOT District Five Regional Secretaries. “It just means a better opportunity for people to have more choices.”
Only adding another 1,000 daily round-trip commuters will not be enough to change the public perception problems surrounding SunRail. Perhaps that is why FDOT is already laying the groundwork for SunRail's Phase 3, a 5.5-mile extension to Orlando International Airport's $470 million intermodal transportation center.
But when will local leaders focus on the schedule? When will local leaders offer real solutions holding back ridership on SunRail?
Back in February, some SunRail riders predicted the looming drop. “The ‘new' schedule will cause some of the regular commuters I have ridden with since the beginning to now drive to work,” Jeanne Johnson wrote on this site. “They will be getting into town either way too early (less time with their families) or too late (unhappy employers). We asked the question as to ‘why' the schedule would have to change and the marketing person and conductors did not have an answer. Might make it easier to swallow if we knew the ‘why' to the changes.”
“The schedule is a wreck,” wrote Rev. Col. Kenneth D. Frazier, “too much time waiting for another train in many cases.” He also noted the lack of night and weekend service, a common complaint from potential riders.
I am conducting a survey about the Silver (and middle school) PF division in 2017. Your email address will not be recorded.You will see a link to the results once you submit.
From the TOC website:
Due to the success of of the international division in 2016 and the massive growth of Public Forum debate across the United States and in many countries, the division will be expanding in 2017 to become the Silver Division. This division will feature the international teams plus teams that qualify through an expanded number of metrics.
These metrics include –
(a) -Obtaining a 5-2 or better record at the 2016 in the Gold TOC Division.
(b) -Reaching round 10 at NSDA nationals in 2016
(c) -Obtaining one regular Gold bid to the TOC
(d) -Qualifying through a designated urban debate league qualifier. These qualifiers are limited to urban debate league students. Email stefan.bauschard@gmail.com for more details.
(e) -Collecting two Reserve bids. All tournaments that now have TOC bids will have Reserve bids one level below where their standard bid is. For example, Harvard is a octofinals bid and is now a double octofinals Reserve bid.
(f) -Earn 750 NSDA points (both debaters).
(g) -Qualify for NSDA nationals or be one of the first two alternate teams out of your district.
(h) -Attend a school outside the United States.
-Once a team meets one of these qualification metrics they can register on the 2017 TOC tabroom.com website. After the entry is verified (electronically, we will not use paper verification for this division), teams that pay the entry fee will be guaranteed a slot.
We will accept the first 200 teams, with any additional entries going on a waiting list. If teams subsequently qualify for the Gold TOC division, their entry will simply be moved over and there will be no additional fees.
Both TOC divisions will use the April PF resolution.
http://ci.uky.edu/toc/silverpfbidtournies
In 1975, the Swedish parliament unanimously decided to change the former homogeneous Sweden into a multicultural country. Forty years later the dramatic consequences of this experiment emerge: violent crime has increased by 300%.
If one looks at the number of rapes, however, the increase is even worse. In 1975, 421 rapes were reported to the police; in 2014, it was 6,620. That is an increase of 1,472%.
Sweden is now number two on the global list of rape countries. According to a survey from 2010, Sweden, with 53.2 rapes per 100,000 inhabitants, is surpassed only by tiny Lesotho in Southern Africa, with 91.6 rapes per 100,000 inhabitants.
Rape rate per 100,000 population, comparison by country (selected top and bottom countries), 2012 statistics taken from the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime. (Image source: Wikimedia Commons)
According to figures published by The Swedish National Council for Crime Prevention (Brottsförebyggande rådet; known as Brå) — an agency under the Ministry of Justice — 29,000 Swedish women, during 2011, reported that they had been raped (which seems to indicate that less than 25% of the rapes are reported to the police).
Strange explanations
Rather than doing something about the problem of violence and rape, Swedish politicians, public authorities and media do their best to explain away the facts. Here are some of their explanations:
Swedes have become more prone to report crime.
The law has been changed so that more sexual offences are now classed as rape.
Swedish men cannot handle increased equality between the sexes and react with violence against women (perhaps the most fanciful excuse).
A long-held feminist myth is that the most dangerous place for a woman is her own home — that most rapes are committed by someone she knows. This claim was refuted by Brå‘s report:
“In 58% of cases, the perpetrator was entirely unknown by the victim. In 29% of cases the perpetrator was an acquaintance, and in 13% of cases the perpetrator was a person close to the victim.”
Brå reports that there are no major differences between women of Swedish and foreign background when it comes to the risk of being raped. Significantly, the report does not touch on the background of the rapists.
Without parallel
Back in 1975, the year when politicians decided that Sweden was to become multicultural, the Swedish population stood at 8,208,442. By 2014 it had grown to 9,743,087 — an increase of 18.7%. This growth is entirely due to immigration, as Swedish women on average give birth to 1.92 children compared to the 2.24 average of immigrant women. One should, however, keep in mind that in the statistics, second-generation immigrants are counted as Swedes.
Sweden's recent population growth is without parallel. Never before in the country's history has the number of inhabitants increased so fast. Sweden is now the fastest growing country in Europe.
Over the past 10-15 years, immigrants have mainly come from Muslim countries such as Iraq, Syria and Somalia. Might this mass influx explain Sweden's rape explosion? It is difficult to give a precise answer, because Swedish law forbids registration based on people's ancestry or religion. One possible explanation is that, on average, people from the Middle East have a vastly different view of women and sex than Scandinavians have. And despite the attempts by the Swedish establishment to convince the population that everyone setting foot on Swedish soil becomes exactly like those who have lived here for dozens of generations, facts point in an altogether different direction.
The latest statistical survey of immigrant criminality compared to that of Swedes was done in 2005. The results are practically never mentioned. Not only that; anyone who dares refer to them, for example on social media, is viciously attacked.
Denigration of ethnic groups
Michael Hess, a local politician from Sweden Democrat Party, encouraged Swedish journalists to get acquainted with Islam's view of women, in connection with the many rapes that took place in Cairo's Tahrir Square during the “Arab Spring”. Hess wrote, “When will you journalists realize that it is deeply rooted in Islam's culture to rape and brutalize women who refuse to comply with Islamic teachings. There is a strong connection between rapes in Sweden and the number of immigrants from MENA-countries [Middle East and North Africa].”
This remark led to Michael Hess being charged with “denigration of ethnic groups” [hets mot folkgrupp], a crime in Sweden. In May last year, he was handed a suspended jail sentence and a fine — the suspension was due to the fact that he had no prior convictions. The verdict has been appealed to a higher court.
For many years, Michael Hess lived in Muslim countries, and he is well acquainted with Islam and its view of women. During his trial, he provided evidence of how sharia law deals with rape, and statistics to indicate that Muslims are vastly overrepresented among perpetrators of rape in Sweden. However, the court decided that facts were irrelevant:
“The Court [Tingsrätten] notes that the question of whether or not Michael Hess's pronouncement is true, or appeared to be true to Michael Hess, has no bearing on the case. Michael Hess's statement must be judged based on its timing and context. … At the time of the offense, Michael Hess referred neither to established research nor to Islamic sources. It was only in connection with his indictment that Michael Hess tried to find support in research and religious writings. The Court therefore notes that Michael Hess's pronouncement was obviously not a part of any reasoned [saklig] or trustworthy [vederhäftig] discussion. Michael Hess's pronouncement must therefore be viewed as an expression of disdain for immigrants with an Islamic faith.”
Statistical evidence
What may one conclude from the available statistics?
As part of the evidence Michael Hess presented in court, he made use of whatever statistics existed on immigrant criminality in Sweden before the statistical authorities stopped measuring. Michael Hess tried to find answers to two questions:
Is there a correspondence between the incidence of rape and the number of people with a foreign background in Sweden? Is there a correspondence between the incidence of rape and some specific group of immigrants in Sweden?
The answer to both questions was an unequivocal Yes. Twenty-one research reports from the 1960s until today are unanimous in their conclusions: Whether or not they measured by the number of convicted rapists or men suspected of rape, men of foreign extraction were represented far more than Swedes. And this greater representation of persons with a foreign background keeps increasing:
1960-1970s – 1.2 to 2.6 times as often as Swedes
1980s – 2.1 to 4.7 times as often as Swedes
1990s – 2.1 to 8.1 times as often as Swedes
2000s – 2.1 to 19.5 times as often as Swedes
Even when adjusted for variables such as age, sex, class and place of residence, the huge discrepancy between immigrants and Swedes remains.
Research reports on crime in Sweden have become a rarity, but among the eighteen that were done during the 1990s and the 2000s, eleven dealt with rape. Two of these reports dealt with the connection between rape and immigration, and they both confirmed that there is a link.
These figures are available to the authorities, the politicians and the press, yet they insist that these numbers do not mirror reality.
Glaring discrepancy
How is it, then, that in 2008, Sweden's neighbor Denmark only had 7.3 rapes per 100,000 inhabitants compared to 53.2 in Sweden?
Danish legislation is not very different from Sweden's, and there is no obvious reason why Danish women should be less inclined to report rape than their Swedish counterparts.
In 2011, 6,509 rapes were reported to the Swedish police — but only 392 in Denmark. The population of Denmark is about half the size of Sweden's, so even adjusted for size, the discrepancy is significant.
In Sweden, the authorities do what they can to conceal the origin of the rapists. In Denmark, the state's official statistical office, Statistics Denmark, revealed that in 2010 more than half of convicted rapists had an immigrant background.
Foreigners overrepresented
Since 2000, there has only been one research report on immigrant crime. It was done in 2006 by Ann-Christine Hjelm from Karlstads University.
It emerged that in 2002, 85% of those sentenced to at least two years in prison for rape in Svea Hovrätt, a court of appeals, were foreign born or second-generation immigrants.
A 1996 report by the Swedish National Council for Crime Prevention reached the conclusion that immigrants from North Africa (Algeria, Libya, Morocco and Tunisia) were 23 times as likely to commit rape as Swedish men. The figures for men from Iraq, Bulgaria and Romania were, respectively, 20, 18 and 18. Men from the rest of Africa were 16 times more prone to commit rape; and men from Iran, Peru, Ecuador and Bolivia, 10 times as prone as Swedish men.
Gang rapes
A new trend reached Sweden with full force over the past few decades: gang rape — virtually unknown before in Swedish criminal history. The number of gang rapes increased spectacularly between 1995 and 2006. Since then no studies of them have been undertaken.
One of the worst cases occurred in 2012, when a 30-year old woman was raped by eight men in a housing project for asylum seekers, in the small town of Mariannelund. The woman was an acquaintance of a man from Afghanistan who had lived in Sweden for a number of years. He invited her to go out with him. She obliged. The Afghan man took her to a refugee housing project and left her defenseless. During the night, she was raped repeatedly by the asylum seekers and when her “friend” returned, he raped her too. The following morning she managed to call the police. Sweden's public prosecutor has called the incident “the worst crime of rape in Swedish criminal history.”
Seven of the men were sentenced to between 4.5 and 6.5 years in prison. Prison time is usually reduced by a third, so it won't be long before the men will be ready for new assaults — presumably on infidel women.
In cases of gang rape, culprits and victims are most often young and in almost every case, the perpetrators are of immigrant background, mostly from Muslim countries. In an astounding number of cases, the Swedish courts have demonstrated sympathy for the rapists. Several times the courts have acquitted suspects who have claimed that the girl wanted sex with six, seven or eight men.
One striking incident occurred in 2013, in the Stockholm suburb of Tensta. A 15-year-old girl was locked up while six men of foreign extraction had sex with her. The lower court convicted the six men but the court of appeals acquitted them because no violence had occurred, and because the court determined that the girl “had not been in a defenseless position.”
This month, all major Swedish media reported on a brutal gang rape on board the Finnish Ferry Amorella, running between Stockholm and Åbo in Finland. Big headlines told the readers that the perpetrators were Swedish:
“Several Swedish Men Suspected of Rape on the Finland Ferry” ( Dagens Nyheter ).
). “Six Swedish Men Raped Woman in Cabin” ( Aftonbladet ).
). “Six Swedes Arrested for Rape on Ferry” ( Expressen ).
). “Eight Swedes Suspected of Rape on Ferry” (TT – the Swedish News Agency).
On closer inspection, it turned out that seven of the eight suspects were Somalis and one was Iraqi. None of them had Swedish citizenship, so they were not even Swedish in that sense. According to witnesses, the group of men had been scouring the ferry looking for sex. The police released four of them (but they are still suspects) whereas four (all Somalis) remain in custody.
The internet radio station Granskning Sverige called the mainstream newspapers Aftonposten and Expressen to ask why they had described the perpetrators as “Swedish men” when they were actually Somalis. That is irrelevant, said the journalists. They were hugely offended when asked if they felt any responsibility to warn Swedish women to stay away from certain men. One journalist asked why that should be their responsibility.
“If the women knew, then perhaps they would have stayed away from these men and avoided being raped,” said the reporter from Granskning Sverige. Whereupon the journalist slammed down the phone.
As Penn State football's 2015 Media Day wound down yesterday, the players voted and announced their captains for the upcoming season — Christian Hackenberg, Jordan Lucas, Angelo Mangiro, Von Walker, and Anthony Zettel.
Among the team's two offensive captains is likely its most important player in the quarterback Hackenberg. The junior addressed the media and briefly spoke about the improvements he's made from his sketchy previous season.
“There are a lot of ups and downs,” Hackenberg said. “You just have to learn from them and move forward. I try and make sure I'm focused on the task at hand, and I want to take those lessons and apply what I've learned from them.”
In front of Hackenberg is his projected starting center, Angelo Mangiro. He'll be among four returning starters from last year's offensive line and will be called upon to be one of the entire offense's leaders.
On the other side of the ball are the other three captains. In the secondary is safety Jordan Lucas, who played corner for the first three years of his Penn State career but dropped back in the offseason to the enjoyment of coordinator Bob Shoop. Lucas was an All-Big Ten Honorable Mention in 2013 and his teammates put their faith in him as a captain for the 2015 season.
In front of Lucas is linebacker Von Walker. Walker has played at running back, safety, and kick returner at Penn State, but found his niche at the linebacker position. The former walk-on earned an athletic scholarship in the spring, with James Franklin proclaiming, “I'm not giving him shit, he's earned this.”
Wrapping up the team's official leadership is defensive tackle Anthony Zettel. The only player to be among the nation's leaders in both sacks and interceptions, Zettel has had a huge offseason that has featured uprooting trees with his tackles and countless watch lists.
The departure of some of the greatest leaders in Penn State football's recent history opens the door for more players to step up, and the team's five new captains will be ready for that responsibility.
Photo: Steffen Blanco
Your ad blocker is on. Please choose an option below.
Sign Up for our e-mail newsletter: OR Support quality journalism:
About the Author
Doug Leeson Doug is a sophomore and Onward State's Assistant Managing Editor. Dislikes: popcorn, Rutgers, and a low #TimberCount. Likes: "Frozen," Rec Hall, and you. Contact him via email at [email protected] or on Twitter @DougLeeson.
East Renovation Continues With Approval For Sproul, Geary Halls Penn State's Board of Trustees approved the next phase of East Halls renovations at its meeting Friday, setting the stage for construction to begin on Sproul and Geary Halls.
Before we dive into my theory of a world wide global economic crash in 2025 let's first do a little background and prep work.
Enter stage left: Carlotta Perez
Carlotta Perez is researcher, lecturer and consultant on social and economic impact of technological change. Her book is available on Amazon: Technological Revolutions and Financial Capital: The Dynamics of Bubbles and Golden Ages
I was introduced to Carlotta by a friend Miles Grimshaw who let me know about Carlotta being a strong influencer for Fred Wilson and USV. See more on Fred's post about lineage.
The cycle of technological revolutions
Carlotta talks about the cycle of new technological revolutions as follows.
First comes the rapid growth as new technological infrastructure is put in place. This phase is funded by financial capital derived from speculation. This phase is called the Installation Period.
This frenzy ultimately leads to a crash as the bubble bursts.
Then starts the real growth and “golden age” as the infrastructure built in the installation period becomes cheaper, more accessible and more universal. This phase is funded by production capital derived from profits and is called the Deployment Period.
This diagram sums up the installation and deployment periods well:
The 5 major technology revolutions
Carlotta lays out the five major technological revolutions as outlined in this diagram:
Predicting the 6th revolution
While we're living in the “golden age” of the current information revolution it's never too soon to start speculating on what the 6th major technological disruption might be and how it might play out. What follows is purely conjecture and an exercise in thinking critically. I welcome feedback, disagreement, discussion and analysis.
AI & Robotics as the 6th revolution
We're right at the beginning of the installation period for AI & robotics. I summarized a few of the key events in the tech space that hopefully give you a flavor of how seriously this is being taken: But where does this trend lead? What happens next? Here's a rough timeline I dreamed up:
2010 - 2020: Beginning of build out and research applications enabled by the previous golden age of information technology. Cloud computing, global networks, processing, quantum computers etc.
2020 - 2025: Installation of robots in both the home and industry ramps up very quickly. A smart assistant in every pocket. A roomba in every house. A robot arm in every factory. Our jobs start being replaced by robots and algorithms.
2025 - 2030: The global economy crashes. Hard. Youth unemployment has been rising steadily for the last decade and reaches a tipping point sparking a global meltdown. The global job market shrinks to an unsustainable point.
2030 - 2040: Global prosperity and an overhaul of the economic system. There aren't enough jobs left for all the people so new economic paradigm is born - global consumerism is essentially killed off, the idea of working for a living dies and we see a much more sustainable future driven by different kinds of value creation for society and ideas like universal basic income become mainstream.
Isn't this just the singularity?
Well, Google did hire Ray Kurzweil but no - this isn't about the singularity. The singularity is scheduled for 2047 but I believe we will experience a widespread technological revolution driven by AI and robotics well before we reach true human-level artificial intelligence. The singularity is about the tipping point where computers get smarter than humans - I'm talking about computers getting smart enough to replace our jobs.
Whither Google Buses?
Are we seeing a glimmer in the eye of the global consciousness with the Google bus protests? Do these protests and others like them speak to a growing dissatisfaction with the incumbents?
And importantly, how might we soften the impact of the next boom/bust revolution? Perhaps by building economics early that model the next era - i.e. universal basic income, value creation beyond “hours worked”, distributed economies and cultivating human skills.
Alternatives
Obviously I've just made all of that up - so there's clearly alternatives out there. The whole point about these revolutions is that no one sees them coming… So what else might there be? Here are a few ideas:
Global warming just fucks everything right up and there is no 6th technological revolution (or we have bigger things to worry about at least)
An energy revolution is actually more profound - free/cheap/sustainable energy sources might drive a technological revolution distinct from the AI+robotics one
Biotech. I don't know much about nanotech and wetware but there's definitely potential for massive disruption to come from biotech, life form creation, and so on.
Something else. As Miles was kind enough to point out when I sent this post to him for review - AI and robotics feels like an extension of the information age and not a new paradigm. So maybe we all end up ruled by robots but there's another different revolution going on that we all miss…
I'd love to chat with you about your ideas. Disagree? Have interesting data to share? Drop me a note and let me know: [email protected]
–
Further reading:
https://medium.com/basic-income/self-driving-trucks-are-going-to-hit-us-like-a-human-driven-truck-b8507d9c5961#.vijtsb205
This blog is written by Tom Critchlow, an independent strategy consultant living and working in Brooklyn, NY. If you like what you read please leave a comment below in disqus or sign up for my Tinyletter
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Brandon, MB. – When the Brandon Wheat Kings open defence of their Western Hockey League Championship next month, Kelly McCrimmon will not be on the bench.
The winningest coach in franchise history, who has spent the better part of the last three decades as the driving force behind the Wheat Kings, has confirmed that he will be joining the new National Hockey League franchise in Las Vegas as the team's new Assistant General Manager.
A 3-time winner of the Canadian Hockey League and WHL Executive of the Year, McCrimmon joined the Wheat Kings in 1988 and was named general manager the following year. He purchased on third ownership of the team from partner Bob Cornell in 1992 and assumed sole ownership in 2000. As the club's Owner and General Manager, he has led the Wheat Kings to more wins than any other team in the Canadian Hockey League since 1992, including fifteen seasons of forty or more wins, ten Eastern Division pennants and six Eastern Conference Championships. As well, he has been instrumental in four Memorial Cup appearances, including two as WHL Champion after winning in both 1996 and 2016.
As a coach, McCrimmon has compiled a 423-223-36-38 record and over the course of the past ten seasons he has posted an impressive .640 winning percentage.
“Kelly is an outstanding hockey man and we are delighted to have him join us,” says George McPhee, General Manager of the Las Vegas club that will begin play in the NHL in 2017-18. “His extensive experience and consistently high level of performance in the game will help us build a strong and successful organization and team. His hockey acumen, character and work ethic are perfect for us.”
“This is a dream job for any hockey executive and one I feel very fortunate to have been offered,” says McCrimmon. “The chance to build a team, an organization from the ground up, the chance to develop an identity and establish a culture will be challenging, invigorating and rewarding.”
A member of the WHL Board of Governors Executive Committee for six years and Chairman of the Competitions Committee, McCrimmon says that more news on the club's new organizational structure will be announced later this week.
McCrimmon also used Tuesday's announcement to deliver an important message to western Manitoba hockey fans.
“Our family will continue to own the hockey club,” says McCrimmon. “I look forward to offering leadership, guidance and resources for the team to continue to be successful. The strength of our organization is the people and we will have some announcements soon with respect to the open positions.
A 55-year old native of Plenty, Saskatchewan, McCrimmon played two seasons in Brandon in the late seventies and was a member of the 1979 WHL Championship club before moving on to the University of Michigan from 1980-84, serving as team captain during his senior year.
The Wheat Kings, who defeated Seattle in May to capture their third Ed Chynoweth Cup and first in twenty years, are scheduled to open up training camp August 30th at Westman Communications Group Place. The club will kick off the 2016-17 regular season with a weekend home and home series with Moose Jaw on September 23rd-24th.
VIDEO of it working (well it doesn't time travel, but it does do things ) [link] 18th/19th Century + Contact (1997)For my time machine project, I had two main designs I wanted to incorporate into the project. First was an object that immediately came to my mind when I read the brief, and worked perfectly for the scientific explanation of my time machine. It is an object inspired by the film called Contact (1997). In this film, a huge machine formed out of 3 giant rings was used to create a wormhole and travel through space. I fell in love with the rapidly spinning rings, and decided I will make them in my project.Then I went to science and history museum, to find out where the idea of rings inside rings came from. So I found out that start of this device must be armillary spheres, which is a model of objects in sky (celestial sphere), it is used as a map of constellations. Then I found out about Gyroscopes, which were actually moving rings each inside the other. I also found out about multi-axis chairs and Aerotrim (devices used for physical and space astronauts training). So an actual person stepped inside the rings and spin with the rings. I like this idea and first thought I will make just a ring based model, where somebody steps in the middle and can time travel. However, when I went to Science Museum, I discovered the exhibition called Science in the 18th century. I really like what I saw, and there was this Marine Chronometer in a simple modest box, which I liked very much because of its modesty and simplicity from the outside but complicated mechanism of a clock in the inside. I knew I wanted to use this concept. I thought if something is a time traveller's machine or device, it has to be reasonably compact and convenient, and sort of secretly from the outside, so others don't expect it to be a time machine. So this box in sizes about 20x20x20 seemed perfect instrument (device) for time traveler. Of course I wanted to make it my own (it had to be a bit bigger to fit in all the mechanisms I wanted to use). I decided to keep the old looks, and brass metal and aluminum parts, and definitely the clock.Then I thought that I need something to work as the actual portal/wormhole/ black hole creator, inside the box, that would drag the person and the box itself inwards to disappear and time travel. Because as I read a lot of speculative materials about time travel , the most common way of doing that, would be by using space and time alternating things( such as gravity and speed of light), then I remembered about the rings, that initially worked as a massive gravity producers. When they spun, they created an incredibly strong gravity in the center of the rings, thus when approaching speed of light, created such a strong density of gravitational force that it created a black hole, or as in this case for time travel a wormhole.So that was settled, I needed to create this 18th century box with 18th century scientific looking devices inside, from whom one must be set of rings each of whom inside the other.Later on I added a steam governor, because it just fascinated me in the museum and I thought it perfectly represents steam engine century and style. Also I added a small steering wheel, in honor of the original boxes origins which is Maritime. A clock, obviously to show in which direction the person is traveling and how fast. A compass ,to show that while that machine is working the poles of earth disappear, and the traveler is no longer located in the normal space. A Celestial map to help the traveler orientate while traveling between time and space. And a sheet of engineers notes in Latin, describing how the machine works. Three switches to turn on or off the parts of the device.More details and pictures at [link] Please ask questions if any.
Seventeen-year-old Daniel Albright has Type 1 diabetes. He is 1 of 3 kids in the Albright family with it.
Since his siblings were diagnosed first, Daniel was monitored and doctors spotted signs of his diabetes early. Right now he's in a honeymoon period -- his body's still producing some insulin.
"We wanted to see what we can do to prevent it from getting worse, to stop it in it's tracks," said Donna Albright, Daniel's mom.
Daniel enrolled in a clinical trail to put the brakes on his diabetes. He gets monthly infusions of a rheumatoid arthritis drug called, Abatacept. The goal is to stop Daniel's immune system from killing the insulin-producing cells he has left.
"When you're first diagnosed with diabetes you probably have anywhere from 10 to 30 percent of your insulin producing cells still available and we'd like to freeze it there," said Dr. William Russell from Vanderbilt University.
In animals, the drug prevented full-blown diabetes from developing. In people, that would mean lower doses of insulin, easier blood sugar control and a lower risk of hypoglycemia, or dangerously low blood sugar.
"It's much easier to take care of diabetes when the patient themselves is making adequate amounts of insulin," said Dr. Russell.
After a couple of months of infusions, Daniel uses less insulin than his siblings, and doesn't need a pump.
Source : abclocal.go.com
As many as 3 million Americans are living with Type 1 diabetes. Doctors say having a sibling or parent with the condition increases your risk of developing it and managing it can mean four or more injections a day or wearing an insulin pump.But what if you could stop diabetes in the early stages before you need all of those needles? That's the goal behind a new experimental treatment. One teen is gambling on a drug in hopes of putting the brakes on his diabetes.
Amira Elghawaby is the communications director at the National Council of Canadian Muslims in Ottawa.
Women in headscarves are smiling everywhere. They are in the subway station in Montreal with brightly coloured headgear and cell phones to match. They are at a rally in Ottawa, up close with the prime-minister-designate as they snap selfies that will trend on Twitter. They are walking with their heads held just a little higher, returning smiles offered by random passersby.
What a difference a day makes. The same women who were expressing feelings of fear and discomfort just walking to a mall, or to school, are now the same women whose text emoticons are high-fives, fist bumps, and smiley faces as they share videos of Justin Trudeau bhangra dancing.
Story continues below advertisement
It is as though Canadian Muslims, and Canadian Muslim women in particular, stepped out of one frame and into another.
The previous frame had been imposed on them, without their consent and despite their protests. Throughout the election, Canadian Muslims watched as they were vilified as "other," practitioners of "barbaric cultural practices," and making choices alien from "Canadian values."
This othering led to a documented spike in anti-Muslim incidents, including verbal and physical attacks on visibly Muslim women in both hijab and niqab, along with increased Islamophobic online postings and comments.
Yet this deliberate framing throughout the election period was nothing new. Canadian Muslim communities have endured years of it. Whether it was making sweeping generalizations about an entire faith – claiming that "Islamicism" was the greatest threat facing Canada – or suggesting that Canadian mosques could be harbouring radical extremists – a decade of Stephen Harper changed perceptions about Canadian Muslims in deeper and perhaps more hurtful ways than even the aftermath of 9/11.
Back then, Prime Minister Jean Chretien made it a point to visit Ottawa's main mosque soon after those horrific attacks, memorably doffing his shoes and joining the congregants in a public show of solidarity.
Little of that was on show during the Harper years. After the deadly attack at Parliament Hill by a deranged individual pledging allegiance to violent extremist ideology a year ago, the Prime Minister went nowhere near a mosque.
The local police chief, on the other hand, reached out to community leaders to reassure them that the force was on alert in case of any backlash. Mr. Harper preferred to amplify the incident as a terrorist attack and underplay the details of the perpetrator's life, including the fact that he was a homeless drug addict who had no formal connection to international terrorist groups.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Many Canadian Muslims grew accustomed to the negativity. Every terrorist plot or act, in Canada or abroad, was attributed to "jihadi terrorism," even though Canadian intelligence services advised against using such terms as they "succeed only in conflating terrorism with mainstream Islam, thereby casting all Muslims as terrorists or potential terrorists," as noted by the authors of a 2010 RCMP report titled Words Make Worlds. Even government advisors tried (but failed) to do away with such terminology.
Once these negative frames were set, they were difficult to challenge. As the acclaimed author and cognitive scientist George Lakoff discusses in his recent book, Don't Think of an Elephant!, frames are activated unconsciously by our choice of language. The title of his book demonstrates that even by trying to negate a frame, you activate it.
Canadian Muslims stepped out of those unfair frames every day as they continued to lead typical lives, yet the national framing and its impacts could not be ignored. A poll found that the number of Canadians holding negative impressions of Islam and Muslims had climbed to 54 per cent in 2013 from 46 per cent in 2009.
Is this now over? Probably not: There is a small but growing cottage industry of anti-Muslim bloggers and commentators who seem bent on suggesting that Islam and Muslims are inherently anti-democratic and dangerous. This may be helping to feed a nascent anti-Muslim movement in this country.
Yet a change in tone and rhetoric from the highest office in the land is certainly something to smile about. That alone will help change the picture, or at least refocus the lens.
Matthew Paulson/Flickr
Portland, Boston, and Los Angeles are further along than many U.S. cities in planning for extreme weather events linked to globalwarming, according to a study published in the journal Global Environmental Change . The report found that Tucson, Arizona, and Raleigh, North Carolina, are in the middle-to-early stages of planning, while Tampa, Florida — which is at the highest risk for hurricanes in the U.S. and is located very near sea level — largely dismisses climate change and has done little to plan for it. The study is the first to look at societal factors, such as a city's political environment, and how those factors affect action on climate change. Interviews with 65 local policymakers in each of the six cities revealed three factors that play a role in how well city planners prepare for climate change: the risk of extreme weather in a given area, public acceptance of climate change, and how aggressively a city's residents engage in public policy.
You see the changes happening within you with your inner eye, for so much of what is going on now, is taking place in that inner landscape of yours. And even if some of what we are referring to is indeed happening to your physical body, most of it is happening in a space that is not defined by any such boundaries. In fact, most of what is going on now is taking place in those parts of Creation that mankind seems to think do not exist at all, or perhaps only as figments of your imagination. Well, let us just say that in this, you could not be more wrong, for the space we refer to, is indeed far more real than the illusion your currently look upon as your reality.
Let us explain. Mankind has for eons gotten used to the idea – for that is truly what it is – that for something to be “real”, it must be tangible in some ways. In other words, it needs to register in your mind by way of your five senses, and so, you have narrowed down your scope more and more. In fact the more adept you have become at detecting even the most minuscule of particles with your technical equipment, the less inclined a large number of the population on this Earth have become to believe anything that does not come up for scrutiny in this kind of way. In other words, mankind's spiritual development has in so many ways been arrested by your technological development, as in large swathes of the populace, the reality wayshowers like you have already stepped into will be scoffed and ridiculed at any opportunity that arise for them to do so. Have you given any thought as to why this seems to only multiply in some? Perhaps it is to do with the fact that they themselves feel an inner stirring from these hidden chambers within, and so, in order to eradicate that fear of, for them, the unknown, they will do what they can to erase those selfsame stirrings in other. So again you see the polarization continue to strengthen as the light continues to gather momentum, but again, trying to stop the light by resorting to the same old “weapons” of ridicule, persecution or silence in the hope that these notions will die out are no less than follies. For you all know so well by now that what you have started to unlock within yourself is simply a tiny little part of the vast force field that actually penetrates all mankind, and now, you stand before a new chance to help to liberate even more of that force field.
Again, no one can be forced to open that door they have tried so hard to forget even existed within them for eternity, but now, you will all help to set into motion certain significant events that will make that door more prominent within all. And so, more and more of your fellow men will begin to take notice of what it is that is calling to them deep within the confines of their hitherto restricted world view. For they will begin to take into consideration that their world view, the one that is limited to “what you see is all you get” will start to crumble, and when it does, many will crumble alongside with it. You see, not everyone is prepared to really take in the truth that this will uncover, for it will fly in the face of everything they have taken for granted. Not just the empirical facts and figures that for so long have been touted as the “laws of nature” but also the notion about mankind being the single intelligent species in existence – not just on your planet, but in All creation. We know that for you, this will be old news, for this is what has guided you on your journey from the very beginning. But for many others, the simple fact that everything they have believed in – in every sense of the word – will begin not simply to be questioned, but literally to be proven wrong on all accounts, will simply be too much to bear. And so they will shut down, and step away from it all.
This may sound dramatic, but remember it is not given that every single human incarnation living on this planet at this exact time have given themselves permission to commit themselves fully to the reopening of these inner portals this time around, and so, what they will choose, will also be defined by that decision that they made on a higher level even before they ventured into a physical body this time around. We say this in order to remind you all that no matter what takes place in the weeks and months ahead, know that it is all happening for a reason, so too the more personal effects this may have for some of you. For you are all sovereign beings, and you are all instructed to follow the plan you yourself were so instrumental in setting up even before you started to step down from the totality of your being and entered this current physical vehicle that you know as you in human form. And so, you will simply do what you came here to do, and so will everyone else you see around you. For even those you might think devoid of a soul all have one, and it is just as brilliant as yours, but the life choices they make are also guided by a higher part of them just as yours, no matter what they set themselves to do in the time ahead.
We give you this reminder now because we do find it prudent to do so, as what you stand before now, is such a major shift it will serve to stir up a lot of different reactions. For as usual, when the tide of light comes in at such a force as it will do now, it will once again begin to literally push a whole host of buttons in every single one of you, and in every single one of your fellow men. Granted, the outcome of all of this will not be instantaneously noticeable, nor will it necessarily manifest in just the way that you might think. For the light will do what the light always does, push the scales and tip the balance, sometimes one way, sometimes seemingly in the very opposite direction, but the one thing you need to remember is this: no matter what actions that will be initiated because of this incoming flux of light, they will all serve to bring mankind closer to Source by allowing them all a chance to find a way to disclose what it is they have been carrying with them for eternity.
In other words, the chain of events that soon will be set into motion will begin to spawn so many viable offspring by way of vibrant fields of energetic interactions that will begin to take place between hitherto unconnected individuals, and this in turn will affect a wider and wider circle around each and every one of these individuals. Again, we speak in somewhat convoluted terms, but we think you by now have begun to grasp the fundamental part of this message. You stand before a grand unveiling of mankind's own abilities to reset and resurrect ancient veins of creativity, connectivity and compatibility. For you are creatures capable of great achievements, far far greater than what you can currently observe around you, and now, this will truly begin to come out in the open, in every sense of the word. For you will begin to receive information that has been kept hidden, and some of this information will indeed come in a very concrete form, not just as in messages like these. For you are still very many creatures bound by that old maxim of only what can be seen can be true, and so, your eyes will finally begin to see the unseen, and your hands will finally be able to touch the unknown in ways that you have not been able to do before. But as these hidden treasures begin to surface, they will in turn initiate a vast process of resettlement amongst you all, and when we say that, we do mean all mankind. For what is beginning to emerge will change not only your future, but also your past, and with it, the whole foundation of mankind will begin to shift and rearrange itself in a process that in itself will serve to unsettle so many before you all start to find your true bearings once again.
We venture to guess that you will already begin to see proof of this announced even in what you call your mainstream media. For the news will also begin to contain real news, not just the usual mixed bag of disinformation and distraction, and so we say, keep your eyes open and let your heart guide you, and we think you will all begin to unearth some of these treasures yourselves. For remember, some of what we refer to will be like hidden gems in a whole mountain of trash, so keep your wits about you and follow the scent of interest coming from the most unexpected of corners. And again, remember to share whatever it is that you might “stumble upon”, for this in turn will serve to lead another group of like minded souls more directly to the source that is waiting for them. And so, this process of uncovering and of evolving will begin to rapidly unfold, and we think you will all find yourself caught up in the excitement fairly soon. Just remember, what excites you might incite another, for many of the old “truths” that will be relocated to the scrapheap are truths that are holding up quite a few of your fellow men, perhaps even some of those closest to you.
So do not be surprised if what delights you will turn someone else to despair, but you must also remember that you should never let that deter you from finding your truth. For this is all about the continued quest for the truth, the one that has been hidden for such a long time, but is finally being allowed to come out into the light again. But as you all know so well by now, the full force of the light will be too bright for some, and so, they will once again do what they can to turn their back on it, and for some, that will also entail trying to pull as many as they can with them as far as possible into the lingering shadows. So once again we say remember to focus on the light, and you will find all the confirmation you will ever need there. For your heart will once again be the guide that will take you back to your own core, and there, there is never any doubt, nor any hesitation, for then, you will at all times simply KNOW just who you are and what amazing feats you and this whole collection of wonderful individuals calling themselves mankind are truly capable of. And now, this truth will begin to crystallize more and more as these hidden treasures begin to emerge, some of them from the sea, some of them from the land, but most of all, from YOU.
Advertisements
Kotaku East East is your slice of Asian internet culture, bringing you the latest talking points from Japan, Korea, China and beyond. Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am.
It's March 3 in Japan. The Nintendo Switch is officially on sale, and in some locations, there are the lines to prove it.
Because of online sales, it's increasingly hard to predict how a console will do by checking out launch day lines.
That being said, folks came out in Tokyo to line up for the new Nintendo hardware on this chilly morning. Via Twitter, here's how things look at various shops across the metropolis.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Here's Yokohama.
Typically, there are long lines at Yodobashi Camera, one of Japan's biggest electronics retailers.
Advertisement
However, as this sign notes, there are only enough consoles for pre-orders.
Advertisement
Thus, there weren't lines at Yodobashi Cameras in Tokyo.
As well as in Osaka.
Advertisement
Or rather, significantly shorter lines only for those with pre-orders. Yodobashi Camera says it will have more stock at a later date.
Things, however, appear different in rural parts of the country, which isn't that unusual for hardware launches.
Advertisement
Above is a local Yamada Denki with no one in line.
This guy got to his nearby Toys R Us early.
Advertisement
Earlier this year, Nintendo pre-orders drew lines in Tokyo, so it'll be interesting to see Japanese sales numbers once those become available.
Fact: Texas refuses to accept federal funding for sex education programs that teach kids how to avoid pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases with tactics other than celibacy. The reason, according to a spokeswoman for State Health Services, is that its “first choice is that teens chose not to have sex.”
Texas subscribes to the creed of America's empty places. (Even though parts of it are actually getting quite crowded.) It's an ethos that celebrates everyone's right to be left alone, with no government telling you what to do. It's an intense, deep-felt creed of personal freedom which for some reason does not apply at all when it comes to sex. Long after the Supreme Court struck down the state's anti-sodomy law as unconstitutional, the legislature still refused to take it off the books. Texas regulations on abortion are among the most draconian in the country, and it pushes abstinence-only sex education in its public schools.
The state does not actually dictate what kind of sex education public schools should offer, beyond requiring that abstinence must always be presented as the best choice, and until recently, no one had any real notion of what was going on in all these classes. Then in 2009, the Texas Freedom Network, a liberal nonprofit, funded a herculean effort to come up with some answers. David Wiley and Kelly Wilson, two professors of health education at Texas State University, contacted every district and requested information on their sex instruction programs. Wiley said he was drawn to the subject since his undergraduate students regularly told him that they got little or no sex education in school. Also, he said, “Last year a sincere male student asked aloud, ‘What is my risk for cervical cancer?'”
The professors concluded that “abstinence-only programs have a stranglehold on sexuality education in Texas public schools.” More than 94 percent gave that instruction exclusively, while a small percentage completely ignored the rule that said they had to have something.
Most districts got their sex-education materials—and sometimes their speakers— from private vendors marketing programs like “Worth the Wait,” “Aim for Success,” or “W.A.I.T. Training.” If non-abstinence methods of preventing pregnancy came up in the class material at all, the researchers found, it was almost invariably in terms of condom failure rates. “Students, condoms aren't safe. Never have been, never will be,” one abstinence speaker warned her classes. Students in another program were told to pass around a leaky balloon to illustrate the danger of using condoms. The teacher was instructed to tell the student left holding the deflated balloon at the end that “if he had been the one to get a leaky condom it could have meant he was at high risk or even death.” Another curriculum, “Why kNOw?” has the poor teacher construct an 18-foot-long model known as “Speedy the Sperm” to demonstrate condoms' alleged failure to guard against STDs.
“There's this huge myth that if you promote condoms it gives kids a false sense of protection,” said Dr. Susan Tortolero, an expert in pregnancy prevention issues. “Seat belts have a higher failure rate.” The only foolproof way to avoid pregnancy is, of course, not to have sex. But once that horse is out of the barn, there doesn't seem to be any effective way to get kids to refrain from having it again. That's the point at which it becomes important that they understand the dangers of unprotected sex, and that sex with a condom is far, far safer than sex with nothing at all.
Almost 30 percent of Texas school districts simply relied on one of the four state-approved health textbooks, whose publishers generally opted for self-censorship and obfuscation. Three of the four never mentioned the word “condom.” (The other brought it up exactly one time.) The most widely used book, the imaginatively named Health, warned that “barrier protection is not 100 percent effective in preventing the transmission of STDs,” but never explained what “barrier protection” was. Another, Lifetime Health, listed “8 Steps to Protect Yourself from STDs,” none of which involved using condoms. One of the steps was “get plenty of rest,” which the book suggested would lead to better decision-making.
Quite a bit of the information Texas students are getting seems to have arrived from another era. An abstinence-only program used in three districts assures them that “if a woman is dry, the sperm will die”—which harks back to Colonial-era theories that it was impossible for a woman to get pregnant unless she enjoyed the sex. There are repeated suggestions that premarital sex could have fatal consequences—reminiscent of the 1950s' legends about couples who had illicit sex in the backseat of a car and then were murdered by the Lovers' Lane Maniac. (A video used in three Texas districts has a boy asking an evangelical educator what will happen if he has sex before marriage. “Well, I guess you'll have to be prepared to die,” is the response.)
The biggest problem with trying to frighten kids, or shame them, into not having sex is that it doesn't work. The schools may assure students, as one program does, that “divorce rate for two virgins who get married is less than 3 percent.” But most Texas high-schoolers are not virgins. Slightly more than half of 9th- to 12th-graders reported having had sex in 2009—higher than the national figure of 46 percent. By the time they're seniors, 69 percent of Texas students are sexually active, and they indulge in risky behavior like sex with a large number of partners at rates higher than the national average.
The state has the third highest rate of teenage births in the country, and the second highest rate of repeat births to teenage girls. Sixty-three out of every 1,000 girls between 15 and 19 years old becomes a mother. That compares to 5 out of 1,000 in the Netherlands, and 42 in the United States as a whole. Texas is also well ahead of Rwanda (44), Micronesia (51), and Egypt (50).
It doesn't have to be that way. Back in 1992, California's teen birth rate was about the same as that of Texas—74 births for every 1,000 women between 15 and 19, while Texas had 79. Then California committed to do something about the situation. California refused to take any money for abstinence-only education. It requires all of its public middle and high schools to teach HIV/AIDS prevention, in a way that stresses the superiority of the abstinence option while also giving kids all the facts about the importance of using condoms if one decides to be sexually active.
We know the consequences of a large number of teenage births. The young mother is more likely to drop out of school, live in poverty, and remain a single parent. The children themselves are more likely to experience abuse or neglect, end up in foster care, and, if they're male, end up in prison.
Still, if you didn't know better, you'd think there was a concerted effort going on in Texas to increase the number of children being born to teen parents. The state is also one of the most restrictive in the country when it comes to teen access to birth control. Even if a teenage girl has already given birth, she can't get state-funded contraception services without a parent's consent. In 2012, family-planning providers in Texas—a state with nearly five and a half million women of reproductive age—were receiving less than $13 million in government aid. One inevitable result is a huge number of poor women giving birth. Texas has the second-highest birth rate in the country after Utah, and nearly 60 percent of the women giving birth are low-income enough to qualify for Medicaid.
Now we're getting into the national impact of the way Texas handles sex ed. Medicaid is a federal program, and more than half of that billion-dollar bill is paid by federal taxpayers. Happy to be of help—but don't the rest of us have a right to demand that Texas at least make sure poor women who don't want to be pregnant have easy access to federally funded contraception?
There's also the matter of our shared future. Texas has had an 800,000 increase in the number of schoolchildren in the last decade, and all those youngsters aren't going to be spending their lives within the state's borders. Eventually, more than a tenth of the national workforce will be Texas-born.
When Texas decisions stay in Texas, the rest of us might be willing to let the state do what its elected officials like, even if that means educating its children that condoms kill and frigid women can't get pregnant. But the decisions made about Texas sex education have echoes. They reverberate through the educational system, and then into the national workforce and the national economy a couple of decades down the line.
COLUMBUS, Ohio — Ohio lawmakers are considering legislation that would allow first responders to treat injured pets at emergency scenes.
HB 187, which is in the Ohio House, would authorize EMS providers and firefighters to provide stabilizing treatment to hurt dogs, cats and other animals, Tallmadge Express reports.
Responders would not be able to administer drugs without consulting a veterinarian, and it would not enable an emergency response for an injured pet, according to Rep. Tim Ginter (R-Salem), the primary sponsor of the bill.
"This bill simply states that in an emergency situation, where an EMT would already be on the scene, stabilizing care can also be administered to an animal," Ginter during a hearing for the bill.
EMTs would be able to use skills to stop bleeding or immobilize an injured limb before the animal is transported to a veterinarian for further care.
"Obviously, EMTs are not veterinarians, nor are we trying to make them into veterinarians with this bill," Ginter said in testimony submitted to the health committee. "I believe that this common-sense, permissive language will allow the EMTs to exercise judgment in handling various emergency situations."
(Charlotte, NC) - As the Charlotte Knights embark on a quest to their new Uptown Charlotte kingdom, the team revealed their new look at the Charlotte Convention Center Ballroom on Thursday, October 24. The new identity, revealed for the first time to a capacity crowd at the team's annual World Series party, celebrates the team's namesake as the defenders of the Queen City, while providing a fresh overhaul for the 26-year-old franchise.
In keeping with a medieval theme, the Knights new image showcases gold and silver, colors synonymous with royalty. The team's four on-field caps feature a base color of black with white accents, creating a classic combination of colors unique within Minor League Baseball. The font-style in the team's word emblem "Knights" has an Olde English look similar to professional baseball's Charlotte Hornets circa 1950.
"We are very pleased to reveal to our fans our team's new identity as we prepare for our exciting move to Uptown Charlotte," said Charlotte Knights Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Dan Rajkowski. "We wanted to take elements of Charlotte's rich baseball history and celebrate the next era of our franchise. We are committed to the 'Knights' name and wanted to re-brand it as we take our next major step forward."
Fans will enjoy the return of the Knight as the centerpiece of the team's primary logo visible on the home cap. This design starts with a metallic gold-colored letter "C" in the form of a horse's tail wrapped around a Knights armored helmet topped off with a crown signifying the Queen City of Charlotte. Queen Charlotte's crown appears again in the team's name in the letter "H".
The road hat incorporates a jousting Knight on horseback oriented horizontally across the front of the cap crown. Both the alternate and batting practice caps feature artistic versions of the letter "K" with swords. The alternate cap also introduces a dragon into the team's portfolio.
"We view Charlotte as a big league city and spent more than six months working to find the right balance between a classic Major League look and the creative flair Minor League Baseball is known for," said Knights General Manager of Baseball Operations, Scotty Brown. "We're thrilled to introduce a new look that includes symbolism and historical elements of the Queen City that our fans can be proud of."
The Knights new look was brought to life by Brandiose, Minor League Baseball's preeminent logo design firm known for aligning teams' stories with unique designs. The development process began in February of 2012 when company founders Jason Klein and Casey White met in Charlotte with fans, Knights staff and community members to learn about the region and the Knights. With input from all of these groups, Brandiose developed the new look like they have done for dozens of MiLB clubs and Major League Baseball's Cincinnati Reds.
"With the excitement of the Knights returning to Uptown Charlotte, it's the perfect time for a modern look," said Brandiose's Casey White. "Fans will love the clean, progressive look that celebrates the Queen City's can-do spirit."
For more information about Brandiose, visit their website at www.brandiose.com.
Merchandise featuring the Charlotte Knights new look went on sale at the Thursday night event for those in attendance and is also now available to all fans online at www.charlotteknights.com. The Knights will unveil their new uniforms for the 2014 season at a later date.
The Knights will open BB&T Ballpark on Friday night, April 11 at 7:05 p.m. against the Norfolk Tides. Season tickets for the 2014 inaugural season at BB&T Ballpark are on sale now and can be purchased by phone at (980) 207-0079, by email at seasonseats@charlotteknights.com, or in person by stopping by the Knights Uptown Offices located at Packard Place, 222 South Church Street, 3rd floor, between 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. on Monday through Friday. For more information about Charlotte Knights Baseball, log on to www.charlotteknights.com.
All jewelry items are shipped in a craft jewelry box and bubble mailer for protection.
♥ Canada:
Shipping within Canada depends on how far the parcel has to travel – most parcels arrive in 3 to 7 business days. Items are shipped expedited parcel within Canada - this includes tracking and insurance. If you require faster delivery, please convo me and I can adjust the cost of shipping for you.
♥ United States:
Items under $50.00 are shipped by Canada Post small packet air. Small packet air to the United States takes roughly 7 to 14 days, but parcels can be delayed at Customs. All custom duties/import fees are the responsibility of the buyer.
Small packet air DOES NOT include tracking, but all parcels are insured. A claim of non-delivery will require your signature and USPS will investigate the non-delivery claim.
Items over $50.00 are shipped by Canada Post tracked packet. Tracked packet to the United States takes roughly 4 to 12 days, but parcels can be delayed at Customs. All custom duties/import fees are the responsibility of the buyer.
Shipping upgrades to the United States are available at checkout. Tracking is included with Tracked Packet, Expedited, and Xpresspost.
♥ International (Australia, United Kingdom and Europe):
Items shipped to Australia and Europe are shipped small packet international air. Shipping overseas takes roughly 14 to 21 days and parcels can be delayed (depending on your country) at Customs. All custom duties/import fees and VAT are the responsibility of the buyer.
Small packet international air DOES NOT include tracking, but all parcels are insured. A claim of non-delivery will require your signature and your national postal service may investigate the non-delivery claim.
International shipping upgrades are available upon request. WARNING: they are not cheap!
You can estimate import fees here: www.dutycalculator.com/new-import-duty-and-tax-calculation/
Sorry we do not ship to Africa or South Africa. Orders placed from Africa or South Africa will be cancelled and refunded.
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Additional Shipping Info:
♥ To ensure no hassle delivery, please make sure that your Etsy address and/or PayPal address are the same and up to date. I will not ship to another address after the item has been paid for - Paypal does not recommend this and seller/buyer protection may be void.
♥ INCORRECT SHIPPING INFORMATION - If a package is returned to due to an incorrect shipping address you provided, you may be responsible for any return shipping cost as well as the redelivery cost at our discretion. Please note: We cannot be responsible for items sent to an incorrect address provided by you that is not returned.
♥ All shipping quotes are estimates from Canada Post - your parcel may arrive sooner and it may also arrive later. In some instances (like holidays) shipping can take over a month to the U.S. and over 6 weeks to international destinations.
♥ The following Canadian holidays may slow the delivery of parcels. Parcels will not be shipped on these days:
January 1, 2018 ----- New Year's Day
February 19, 2018 ----- Family Day
March 30, 2018 ----- Good Friday
April 2, 2018 ----- Easter Monday
May 21, 2015 ----- Victoria Day
July 1, 2015 ----- Canada Day
August 6, 2015 ----- Civic Holiday
September 3, 2015 ----- Labour Day
October 8, 2015 ----- Thanksgiving Day
November 11, 2015 ----- Remembrance Day
December 24, 2015 ----- Christmas Eve
December 25, 2015 ----- Christmas Day
December 28, 2015 ----- Boxing Day
♥ Don't see your country listed in the shipping profile? Convo me for a shipping quote.
♥ If you are concerned about shipping charges being too high, please visit:
http://www.canadapost.ca/cpotools/apps/far/personal/findARate?execution=e1s5
and enter the following dimensions along with your postal or zip code: 23 cm X 16 cm X 3 cm. Weight 0.05 kg. This is the average size of the packages shipped from my shop.
♥ Shipping labels and papers will reflect the actual cost of items purchased in CAD (Canadian Dollars) and a bill of sale will be included. It is illegal for the seller of goods to marks goods as "gifts," please do not ask us to do this. Your request will be denied.
♥ If your parcel hasn't been received by the estimated date of delivery - please wait a few days. Weather, holidays, postal workload etc can all delay delivery. Please also check with family members and neighbours to see if they collected the mail while you were out. USPS and most other delivery companies will leave a notice in your mailbox/on your door where your local Post Office is located and when your item can be picked up.
♥ Item lost in the mail? Your signature may be required by your local Post Office to recover lost merchandise.
Last June, an eighteen-year-old student at Edwardes College, in Peshawar, Pakistan, opened an e-mail to see a picture of her face digitally superimposed on the naked body of another woman. As the student read the attached message, her dismay curdled into panic. The e-mail's sender, who identified himself by the pseudonym Gandageer Khan, claimed to have hacked into her Facebook account. He threatened to post the photo online unless the student sent him money, in the form of a prepaid phone card, and provided him with the personal details of other female students at Edwardes. When she refused, Khan uploaded the doctored image, along with several others, to a page that he had created on Facebook titled “Edwardian Girls.” Each picture now included the student's name, her phone number, and a lewd message: “I am available for sex. Call me for a quickie.”
It later transpired that the student was among fifty young women whom the people behind the Khan account—two men, one named Muhammad Ali Shah, and the other identified only as Suhail—harassed and blackmailed for a period of four years before they were arrested, last August. “The whole of Peshawar was aware of what was happening,” Rabel Javed, another of the men's targets, told me. “Every time a girl would take a picture, we'd be like, ‘I hope Gandageer doesn't get a hold of this.' Every girl thought she might be next.” Although some members of Javed's extended family blamed her for the hack, her sisters were supportive. “They kept reminding me that none of this was my fault; it was actually this guy who was sick in the head,” she said. “I was fortunate. I come from a liberal family. Not a lot of girls are like me.” The subject of the first doctored photograph, meanwhile, claims that her father beat her for what happened, and forbade her from returning to college.
The students, including some sympathetic young men from Edwardes, rallied and began to petition Facebook to remove Khan's page. “We all just kept reporting, but nothing seemed to work,” Javed said. Although all of Khan's images had vulgar captions, not all contained indecent imagery. As a result, the arbiters at Facebook, whose closest office to Peshawar is located more than twelve hundred miles away, in Hyderabad, India, claimed that no community standards had been breached. “That's when I understood there was a language barrier,” Javed said. “The abusive text was written in Pashto.” After months of trying fruitlessly to persuade Facebook to take the pictures down, Javed wrote to Nighat Dad, a thirty-six-year-old Pakistani lawyer, whose organization, the Digital Rights Foundation, provides support to women who are victims of online violence. Dad's involvement provoked prompt action. Facebook removed the images, and a spokeswoman told me that, following this incident and others like it, the company has grown to “include native language speakers who review content in more than three dozen languages.” Then, on August 17th, the Karachi-based Express Tribune reported that Pakistan's Federal Investigation Agency had arrested Shah and Suhail. According to Dad, the men eventually settled out of court.
“Online harassment in Pakistan differs from the West,” Amber Shamsi, a journalist in Islamabad, told me. In March, a conservative cleric stated that it was un-Islamic to follow the Pakistani celebrity Qandeel Baloch on social media, because she posted alluring photographs. When Shamsi retweeted a colleague's claim that the cleric's edict was genuine and not, as some claimed, fabricated, a group of trolls downloaded her Facebook photographs and used them to create new images labelled “slut” and “prostitute” and “cunt.” This sort of behavior is prevalent on the Internet because it is “prevalent on the streets,” Shamsi said. “What happens offline is reflected online. A woman who dares to venture into a public space, including social media, is perceived as being out of control, or out of the protection of her father, brother, or husband, and therefore vulnerable. There is a very real threat the online persecution could be coupled with physical harassment.” In 2013, for instance, a group of men murdered two teen-age girls and their mother after a video was posted online that showed the pair dancing in the rain. Such acts of extreme physical violence are more prevalent in Pakistan's rural, conservative regions, but even in Karachi, a relatively progressive city, they are not unknown: in April, a man cut his sister's throat in public after he saw her speaking on a mobile phone.
Nighat Dad has experience with both the hamlet and the city. She and her siblings—two brothers and three sisters—grew up in Karachi and Lahore, but they have family and roots in the village of Ratta Matta, in Punjab province, a place known for blazing mustard fields, not scorching tarmac. Dad studied law “almost by accident,” she told me, but her husband, whom she first met on the day of their arranged marriage, stymied her career. He forbade her from practicing law. Two years later, now parents to a six-month-old son, the pair divorced. Dad's extended family pinned the failure of her marriage on her university education. “They told me that it had spoiled my mind so that I was no longer able to make a home or deal with men,” she said. Her father, who had arranged the marriage, took a different view. “Rather than try to find me a new husband, he said, ‘It didn't work out. It's your life. Do what you need to.' ” She took his advice and, in 2007, began working at a law firm in Lahore. It was a challenging atmosphere. Often, Dad said, she would stand to deliver her closing argument in a case, only to have the judge tell her to be seated. “The message was clear: women lawyers are not good lawyers,” Dad told me. (According to the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan, a nongovernmental organization, less than six per cent of the country's high-court justices are female.) Dad had little support at her firm, where she experienced workplace harassment from a colleague. “It was a hard for me to stay in that office,” she said. “But I wasn't confident enough to leave.”
Dad's experience prompted her to begin volunteering for women's-rights organizations. “I started hearing from other women that the same harassment they experience in the streets or in the workplace was now happening on social media,” she said. Malala Yousafzai, the women's-education activist and co-recipient of the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize, was an attendee at one of Dad's early workshops on Internet security. Even before the Taliban's attempt on Yousafzai's life, in 2012, Dad said, several Facebook pages were set up condemning the girl's work.
Among many religiously conservative Pakistanis, Dad said, there is a belief that women should not be using technology at all. “I could only use the Internet and my mobile phone while at work,” she told me. There are more than twenty-three million Facebook accounts registered in Pakistan, but in some cases, Dad said, “women who experience harassment on Facebook don't want to make a formal complaint, as to do so is to admit to owning a profile.” As more women continue to join social-media platforms, the resistance to their presence has increased. Last August, a gang of men targeted a group of female doctors in Lahore, stealing photographs and private messages from their WhatsApp and Facebook accounts before demanding money. “The threat of disgrace made these professional women soft targets,” Shamsi said. “This on top of the battles they fight just for the right to work.” Dad's organization has two staff members devoted to working on Facebook complaints, but she deals with the public herself, and she now receives more calls from women each day than she can handle.
In general, U.S.-based social-media companies have been slow to address harassment on their platforms in different cultural contexts—and even, many would argue, in their own. In March, to mark International Women's Day, Facebook launched a marketing campaign in Pakistan, Brazil, Indonesia, and Malaysia to educate women on basic safety and privacy features via animated videos translated into local languages. Dad remains unconvinced that the effort meets the need. “If someone from Peshawar reports a Facebook profile that's written in Pashto, it's not the user's fault if Facebook cannot understand the language,” she told me. “Those pages literally put young women's lives at risk. All this time I spend educating women about online privacy settings? I am doing Facebook's digital labor for them.”
4,534 views
Persianfootball.com – LAS PALMAS, Following his dream debut in Spanish Cup, Masoud Shojaei also had a fantastic maiden appearance in the league, scoring the sole goal of the day in minute 36 in Las Palmas' win over Real Jaen on Sunday evening.
It was the first win of the season in Segunda Division for Shojaei's new team after a disappointing start to the season with three draws and one loss before the former Osasuna man joined the team.
Like in the 3-1 Cup victory, Shojaei played the full 90 minutes on the wing.
“I congratulate the fans who supported us so much, we got three important points”, Shojaei told reporters after the match.
“The love people have given me in this first game truely surprised me. I tried to fight for the team and for the people.
“We have 26 players with great quality and they are all very important as we have a great competition and therefore pressure to play better.”
It was a disappointing weekend for the rest of Iran foreign legion though.
Daniel Davari and Alireza Jahanbakhsh remained on the bench in their teams' league draws.
Ashkan Dejagah, Sardar Azmoun and Reza Ghoochannejhad all didn't even make the bench as Fulham and Rubin drew whereas Standard stormed to another victory.
Below come the highlights of Las Palmas' win from PFDC TV.
Nicola Adams took advice from the IBF world heavyweight champion, Anthony Joshua, after having sleepless nights about turning professional – but, having made her decision, she intends to emulate him and her hero Muhammad Ali by following up Olympic gold with a world title.
“I speak to Anthony quite a lot and he said I'd love it: the lights, the cameras, being able to control your own destiny,” she said after signing a promotional deal with Frank Warren and BT Sport. “I love the big shows. That is just me. Even when I walk to the ring, I'm smiling and waving to the crowds.
“I had a few sleepless nights. I was like ‘I could go to Tokyo and become a triple Olympic champion, solely focus on acting, or turn pro and become a world champion', so it was a tough decision. But I decided that I wanted to do something new, and I wanted to do what my hero Muhammad Ali did by going to the pro ranks and becoming a world champion.”
Adams, who will make her debut on 8 April in Manchester, before fighting in her home town of Leeds a month later, has set her sights on winning the world title within a year. She also insists that even at 34 her best days lie ahead of her.
“I feel like these are my peak years,” she said. “And as a pro I will be able to plant my feet a lot more, and get a lot more power in my punches and just take my time picking my shots. So hopefully next year I'll be going for a world title and lighting up the scene.”
The Agenda: NFL championship games, EFL Cup, Frampton v Santa Cruz Read more
Few would be surprised if Adams succeeded in becoming the first woman to be an Olympic gold medallist for Britain and a professional world titleholder – a feat that would make her only the third Briton to do so after Joshua and James DeGale. After all, she is used to making history. In 2001 she became the first female boxer to represent England; in 2007 the first to win a European boxing medal; in 2008 the first to a world championship medal; in 2012 the first woman to win an Olympic gold medal.
She also won gold at the 2014 Commonwealth Games and the 2016 world championships, before retaining her Olympic title by beating France's Sarah Ourahmoune in Rio. No wonder Warren called her one of his “most exciting” signings in his 35 years as a promoter. “I am eating humble pie because I said I would never promote women's boxing,” he said.
“But after London 2012, cabbies were always mentioning Nicola and I was thinking ‘Am I a dinosaur?' In fact, more people were talking about Nicola than Joshua. She has totally changed my mind about it. Over the last eight years there has been a tremendous influx of women into the sport and I want to be part of that. We are going to have some big nights ahead. We intend to lead her to become a multiple world champion.”
Warren also indicated that if Adams progressed quickly in the professional ranks she could even emulate the Ukrainian Vasyl Lomachenko, who followed up winning double Olympic gold in 2008 and 2012 by winning a professional world title in his third fight. “She'll need a couple of fights to settle down and we'll see where we go. But maybe she'll do a Lomachenko, go out there and do it quick. Why not? Her pedigree is as good as his.”
Adams laughed when she was asked whether she was aware of Warren's previously held views about women's boxing. “I'm very aware!” she replied. “But if I've been able to change Frank's mind, I believe I can change anyone's mind about women's boxing. Signing with Frank was probably unexpected for a lot of people but they believed in my dream, and they have the right set-up to help me become a world champion and take women's boxing to the next level.”
Adams, who is yet to decide on her new trainer after leaving GB Boxing, knows that women's professional boxing has little of the prestige or money of the men's ranks – the best professional flyweights in the world, who include the Mexican Jessica “Kika” Chavez and the German Susi “Killer Queen” Kentikian, are barely known by hardened aficionados. But, as in the amateur ranks, Adams intends to be a trailblazer, paving the way for others to follow in her stead.
She was asked whether there were any professional women's fighters she particularly admired, but replied: “No, just Ali. Because of his character inside and outside the ring. His poems, his rhymes, his foot speed and his hand speed.”
In the amateurs she fought wearing a head guard over four two-minute rounds, while in the pros there will be no similar protection and championship bouts stretch to 10 two-minute rounds.
Some sensations, however, will be all too familiar. “I'll definitely have nerves in my first fight,” she said smiling. “And I'd be worried if I didn't, because I'd be a bit too overconfident. But the pro ranks are made for me.”
Most white evangelicals think capitalism is working, but half of them also think it is incompatible with Christian values.
Sixty-two percent of Hispanic Americans think that the decline of the two-parent households and family instability are primary causes of economic stress in America.
These are just two of the findings in a new survey of more than 2,000 American adults conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute and the Brookings Institution, which was released this week at a Brookings Institution panel in Washington, D.C.
”One of the striking findings of the survey was pessimism about economic mobility,” said Robbie Jones, executive director of PRRI, which spearheaded the research that focused on religious perspectives on economic opportunity and inequality in America. He said that one of the founding mythologies of American political culture is the idea that hard work leads to success, adding that the "idea is in trouble."
The researchers asked respondents to look back at the previous generation and forward to the next and judge which was better off. Nearly six in 10 in the millennial generation (born from the 1980s to about 2000) said that their parents' generation was better off than their own.
Women vs. men
At a Brookings panel discussion this week, Bill Galston, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, focused first on gender differences in the report. He said that women are more liberal than men, according to the survey.
However on a few questions, women were more conservative than men, Galston said. They were more likely than men to believe that “encouraging personal responsibility is extremely important," more likely to think that too many people try to get ahead without hard work, and more likely to see family breakdown as a root of economic distress.
"I have to say, I was personally surprised by that finding,” Galston said, but he did offer a theory to explain the result. “I can frame all three of these as women's response to the vagaries of male behavior," he said, hinting that many women form these opinions after watching men behave badly.
Galston said that women are systematically more religious than men. Women are more inclined to think that religion is indispensable to values and to think that their own religion is ordained by God. By 64 percent to 56 percent, women agreed that "God has granted America a special role in human history."
Capitalism and religion
Jones also pointed to concerns about gaps between rich and poor. Capitalism is judged to be "working" by a majority of Americans, including a majority of independents, Democrats and Republicans, he said.
But there was less support for capitalism's compatibility with Christian values. Pluralities of white evangelicals (50 percent), black Protestants (49 percent) and the religiously unaffiliated (46 percent) said that capitalism is not compatible with Christian ethics.
Socioeconomic status was the most critical variable in how people responded to the compatibility of Christianity and capitalism. “Those at the higher end of the economic spectrum are more likely to see them as compatible," Jones said, "while those at the lower end were more likely to see them at odds."
White evangelicals and white Catholics were not as concerned about unequal opportunity, but all other religious groupings showed majorities concerned about inequality in life chances, the survey found. The highest responses were black Protestants at 76 percent and Hispanic Catholics at 64 percent.
Progressive conservatives
E.J. Dionne, a Washington Post columnist and a Brookings fellow, focused on the difference between religious liberals and religious conservatives, saying that in contemporary politics, the very notion of a liberal religious person is discounted.
“Paul Begala once said that people tend to think of religious progressive as one of those internally contradictory phrases, like ‘jumbo shrimp,' ” Dionne said.
Dionne sees a “social justice” thread running through American religiosity that ties together many religious people on the left and right.
“Among people of faith in general there is a strong consensus on the need for compassion and fairness for those in need," Dionne said, even among conservatives. He said that more than 60 percent of both theological conservatives and social conservatives “support increasing the minimum wage to $10 an hour.”
Both groups also by large margins see the gap between the rich and poor as growing, and see a role for government in taking care of people who can't take care of themselves.
While Dionne said that this pattern is not consistent — three in five Americans, for example, think that government has “gotten bigger because it has gotten involved in things that people should do for themselves” — he suggested there was at least an opening to use religion as a bridge across the ideological divide.
God and values
The country is split down the middle on one area — whether “it is necessary to believe in God in order to be moral and have good values.”
While Americans were closely divided overall, women were 11 points more likely to agree. A majority of white Americans rejected the proposition, while blacks and Hispanics overwhelmingly favored it. Sixty-seven percent of conservatives said yes, while 65 percent of liberals said no.
There was a huge socioeconomic divide on the question. Those of low-income levels or low-education levels strongly favored the God and morality link, while those with higher education and higher income rejected it.
Galston suggested that 50 years ago there would have been a much broader consensus in favor of some version of the God and morality link. Now the country is sharply divided, and the trend is moving “toward a rejection of the necessity of the belief in God in order to have good character and the right values.”
“Who knows what kind of society will be,” Galston added, “but some of you are young enough that you will live to see it."
By Paolo Bonzini - Posted on January 7th, 2008
GNU Smalltalk 3.0 has been released at
ftp://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/smalltalk
The release was tested on the following systems:
i686-pc-linux-gnu
x86_64-pc-linux-gnu
powerpc-apple-darwin8.9.0
powerpc-unknown-linux-gnu
sparc-unknown-linux-gnu
ia64-hp-linux-gnu
s390-ibm-linux-gnu
hppa-hp-linux-gnu
Thanks to Stephen Compall, Thomas Girard, Robin Redeker for help and testing of this release!
News from 2.3.6 to 3.0
(Changes from the last release candidate, 2.95h, are listed later.)
Important changes:
A completely new syntax for defining classes is now present. This is detailed in the manual (see the tutorial section) and the entire source code of the system uses the new syntax.
A different startup sequence is used which improves the possibility to customize GNU Smalltalk, both site-wide and per-user. The details are in the manual, the main changes are these: the `~/.stinit' and `~/.stpre' files are now named `~/.st/init.st' and `~/.st/pre.st'; files requested with the `-K' command-line option are sought for in the `~/.st' directory too; kernel files may be overridden by placing them in `~/.st/kernel'; a site-wide customization file can be placed in `/usr/local/share/smalltalk/site-pre.st'.
The kernel path is stored in the image and not changed when the image is loaded. In addition, `Directory systemKernel' and `Directory localKernel' are not used anymore, and just return the same as `Directory kernel'.
Finally, Smalltalk programs have access to the aforementioned `~`/.st' directory as `Directory userKernel' (name subject to change). A `packages.xml' file, as well as `.star' files (see later) can be put there.
Several classes not meant to be accessed by the user have been moved to an internal Kernel namespace. This also removes them from the automatically generated documentation.
GNU Smalltalk now needs InfoZIP to be installed on the machine where it is compiled, in order to use the new single-file package facility. In the future, this dependency may be removed.
The tool for automatic documentation generator, that has been used by the GNU Smalltalk distribution for a long time, is now installed as gst-doc.
Backwards-incompatible changes:
If you want to return a specific CObject class from a C call-out, it is suggested that you stop using "returning: ClassName type", as in
<cCall: 'dupwin' returning: NCWindow type args: #(#self )>!
and instead use
<cCall: 'dupwin' returning: #{NCWindow} args: #(#self )^gt;! ^^^^^^^^^^^
The source code conversion tool might silently produce an incorrect output if you use the former syntax.
The ABI for external usage has changed. libgst.a does not know anymore how to parse options, but exports functions to achieve the same effect as options.
The #writeStream and #streamContents: method were moved down from SequenceableCollection to ArrayedCollection, since they did not really work on variable-sized collections such as OrderedCollections.
The database access library has been replaced by a new DBI-like library, contributed by Mike Anderson, with bindings to PostgreSQL (also contributed by Mike), SQLite (by Daniele Sciascia) and MySQL.
In general, GNU Smalltalk is able to load files with the old syntax. In some cases, however, it will be necessary to either convert them using the gst-convert tool, or load the Parser package before them. This is the case if you get a "not yet implemented" error while loading the files.
Packages improvements:
All packages in the distribution are now installed in the new ".star" format (for SmallTalk ARchive).
".star" files include at the top a package.xml file (whose format is the same as the <package> tag of packages.xml). The name of ".star" file should be the same as the name of the package if the package.xml file has a <name> tag.
In install mode, gst-package automatically creates a ".star" file. gst-package also accepts ".star" files on the command line; in this case, install mode will simply copy the file instead of rebuilding it from scratch.
gst-package supports preparing a standard skeleton for package tarballs, using the --prepare option.
Packages can specify a "testing-only" subpackage that is loaded when running tests (e.g. with "gst-load --test" or "gst-sunit --package"), but not when loading the package normally. This is done with a <test> tag nested into <package>.
Other major changes:
Added #from: to Collection, which constructs an instance of the class based on a conveniently specified Array. This allows one to construct Dictionaries or LookupTables using
Dictionary from: { 1->2. 3->4 }
Another methods meant to be used with the { ... } syntax is #join. For example
{ 'hello'. a. '!' } join
returns a string and is the same as using #, repeatedly, but is more efficient.
All collection classes support #readStream, though the default implementation (which uses generators) could be slow.
Continuations and generators have moved to the base image. More complex examples of continuations still reside in the Continuations package.
Directory entries are passed to #allFilesMatching:do:'s block argument if they match aPattern. As before, the function descends in all the directories, even those that do not match aPattern.
Evaluated code now puts undeclared variables in a private namespace (so that you do not have to declare temporaries) and defers the resolution of undefined variable bindings until the time of their first access.
Unfortunately, this slows down evaluated code noticeably; you can get back the performance by putting code in a method or an Eval (in the latter case, you will have to declare temporaries explicitly, or the code will still use the slower deferred variable binding).
Flushing a socket tries to push data all the way down to the network. This usually removes the need for TCP_NODELAY option. If you have applications that want to use #flush to send data to the OS, but not to the network, we're all ears.
Image load uses copy-on-write memory mapped files. This means that, as long as a loaded object is not touched, the operating system will map it to the same physical memory, for different copies of the GNU Smalltalk virtual machine that loaded the same image.
Processes that are garbage collected before they terminate execution (e.g. because they are waiting on a semaphore that is also garbage collected) are appropriately terminated.
Saving the image breaks hard links. This was done to work around a Linux kernel bug, and might change in future versions.
Since they are not portable outside Unix systems, the "archive" virtual filesystems (deb, lslR, mailfs, patchfs, uar, urar, uzoo, ulha, ucpio, utar) are now available only if the VFSAddOns package is loaded. Without the package, only #uzip is available and it will only support extracting from ZIP files.
Startup time and quit time were improved widely (the time for running a simple "Hello, World" program is about one fifth of 2.3.x).
SUnit scripts can declare variables (using a variable=value syntax) that can be accessed from within a testsuite.
The <category: 'bar'> pragma can be used to set the category of a method.
The graphical browser can now be started just by typing "gst-blox".
The image is now installed in /usr/local/var/lib/smalltalk (which in most distributions will map to /var/lib/smalltalk).
The MySQL driver was updated to support MySQL 4.x authentication. Tests can be run by configuring with --enable-mysql-tests=USER:PASSWORD:DB (the given user, password and database should already exist when `make check' is run; the default is "root:root:test").
The XML package has been split in five smaller packages, XML-SAXDriver, XML-DOM, XML-SAXParser, XML-NodeBuilder and XML-XMLParser. The previous name XML can still be used. In the future it may load a different but compatible (e.g. Expat-based) parser.
When declaring a C function, the #returning: argument now supports specifying CPtr and CArray types, the same way it is done in CStruct and CUnion declarations. For example, since you can specify an "int *" as "#{CInt}", an "int **" (pointer to Integer, i.e. pointer to CInt) would be written "#(#ptr #{CInt})".
Conversion from Array to CType is generally available using the CType class>>#from: method.
The zlib bindings' WriteStream decorator supports partial flushing. Class PipeStream is distributed independently as it is not used anymore by the zlib bindings.
New goodies:
A new package DebugTools provides a generic Debugger class that can be used to control an inferior Smalltalk process. It is used by the textual MiniDebugger as well as the debugger that is part of the GUI.
Complex numbers support added (package Complex).
GNUPlot bindings
JSON reader/writer contributed by Robin Redeker.
MD5 packages renamed to Digest, SHA1 support added.
New DBI-like library replacing the old one, contributed by Mike Anderson.
News from 2.95h to 3.0
On Alpha, GNU Smalltalk now uses the -mieee C compiler flag.
Works around a bug in lrint for ia64 and other 64-bit platforms.
Generational garbage collection enabled on ia64. Builds on ia64.
Improved error recovery in interactive mode.
Provides a public PackageNotAvailable exception.
Added a #terminateOnQuit method to exit a process when ObjectMemory>>#quit is called.
Merged some parts of the wiki into the manual.
Fixed several bugs.
Added Collection>>#readStream.
Does not close stdin/stdout/stderr on output (flushing it instead).
Fixed crash in SmallInteger>>#divExact:
Tanzania is fighting for the survival of their elephant population so where was their voice in Cotonou?
The African Elephant Coalition met last week in Cotonou. There were 22 countries represented and three guest states. In their announcement on 4 November, the coalition said that they had resolved to push forall African elephant populations to be listed on the CITES Appendix I.
The delegates agreed that in 1989, the CITES listing of elephants on appendix 1, which banned international trade in ivory,had led to population recovery.
In 1997, CITES introduced a split-listing. This meant that some populations of African elephants retained their endangered status in Appendix I, but the elephants in Botswana, Namibia, South Africa and Zimbabwe, were downlisted to appendix II. At the time, it was believed that the elephants in these countries were less endangered.
The concept of saving wildlife by applying commercial value to them through hunting is deeply engrained in the psyche of some African nations. Graham Child, the leading conservationist in Rhodesia/Zimbabwe, believed that wildlife was undervalued and that unless landowners were given the right to offer commercial hunting, wildlife populations were doomed.
This was in contrast to Dr. Richard Leakey who said, “Biodiversity cannot be given a price”
The hunting of big game to provide employment and hard cash to communities would, it was argued, ensure the long-term survival of species. This view has long been supported by people who believe that hunting and trade should be allowed to continue.
In their application in 2010 to the CITES consideration of proposals for amendment of appendices I AND II, Tanzania indicated that they had a stable population and said, “Trade in elephant products is essential to the conservation of elephants.”
Since then, Tanzania's elephant population has crashed significantly. National Geographic reported in June 2015 that the Tanzanian government had announced a fall in 60% of elephants in “the past five years.” Despite figures showing that the country is one of the world's biggest source of illegal ivory, the government explained this population drop as being attributed to the elephants migrating to neighboring countries.
The environmental Investigation Agency (EIA) said at the time that they recognize that elephants do migrate but not on this scale. Mary Rice who heads the EIA noted that Tanzania had recognized they have an elephant population crisis. However, she said, “by 2013, despite all its commitments, and despite all the money that's been thrown at Tanzania to assist it in tackling this problem, there had been little positive impact.”
It would seem from Mary's comments that the decline in Tanzania's elephant population could stem from corruption. “We know,” She said, “that there are… powerful people involved in …the ivory trade. And we know that people know who they are.”
Lazaro Nyalandu Tanzania's Minister of Natural Resources and Tourism said in July 2015 that they were “ashamed” of their poaching crisis, but that they were doing as much as possible to curb it. Recently their spectacular arrest of poaching mastermindBoniface Matthew Mariango made world headlines. Following the arrest, Mr. Andrea Crosta of the Elephant Action League said that with the commitment to ban ivory trade by the US and more recently by China, “there is hope for the elephants.”
Tanzania has been opposed to trade bans for years and lobbied several times for restrictions to be lifted so they could sell their ivory stocks. In the past, Tanzania has angered other countries who do support the ban and their absence at Cotonou is an indication that Tanzania is unsupportive of any trade bans despite their declining elephant population.
Tanzania's neighbor Kenya came to the party and supported the adoption of the declaration calling for a total ban on ivory trade worldwide.
http://uk.blastingnews.com/world/2015/11/the-conspicuous-absence-of-tanzania-from-the-cotonou-resolution-to-ban-elephant-trade-00642233.html
A University of California at Berkeley graduate sued the fast food chain In-N-Out Burger Thursday over injuries suffered when she was badly burned by a spilled cup of hot coffee last year and an employee allegedly refused to call for an ambulance.
The lawsuit filed in Alameda County Superior Court by Hedy Chen is based on legal claims of negligence and failure to come to her aid.
Chen, who graduated from UC last year, says in the lawsuit that the incident happened when she and a friend stopped an In-N-Out drive-through restaurant in Oakland on April 1, 2013.
The lawsuit says she ordered a cup of coffee and that an employee handed her an "excessively hot" beverage in a paper cup without a protective sleeve. The cup was so hot that Chen could not hold it and she dropped it onto her abdomen and thighs, which caused her to suffer excruciating pain, the lawsuit alleges.
The suit alleges she asked the employee to call 911, but the worker refused, purportedly saying that she was forbidden to do so because it was against company policy to call 911.
Chen claims the employee then gave her a bag of ice, which, according to the lawsuit, is a poor treatment for burns and can exacerbate scarring.
Chen sustained first- and second-degree burns, spent three days in a hospital and has permanent scars, according to the lawsuit.
"It's amazing that they would refuse to call 911, and then give her ice treatment which makes it worse," Chen's lawyer, Kirk Boyd, said in a statement.
The lawsuit asks for financial compensation for the injuries in an amount to be determined by a jury.
David Jung, a professor of law with UC Hastings, says there are probably 10 lawsuits at any part of the day related to hot coffee spills.
"What's unusual here is the claim that the In-N-Out Burger employee refused to call 911 after this woman was injured," Jung says.
An executive vice president with In-N-Out tells NBC Bay Area that claim is false, adding company policed is that employees are authorized and permitted to help customers and to contact 911 in case of emergency.
In-N-Out operates in California and the southwestern United States.
Copyright Bay City News
Yesterday evening Gigantic held its first EU Guardian Arena. There are no prizes on offer, but it's the first opportunity for many players to get together as an organised team and fight against others, without the need to queue solo. With six teams taking part, some friends and I decided to get together and form GGTeaParty. Although we all know each other, none of us had ever played alongside each other as a team and going into the arena, we'd only had one quick discussion beforehand about our composition and tactics we'd use.
Composition
In our team, we decided that we'd all play Hero's we were most experienced with, with the exception of Time Weaver who chose to utilise a build that complimented all of us (rather than playing his usual Tripp).
1. PlasmaNapkin - Tyto
2. Egleb - Xenobia
3. PersistentWorlder - Griselma
4. Killboy - Charnok and/or Voden
5. Time Weaver - Aisling
Subs
6. Lunami - Aisling
7. Sebalon - Tyto
Our thought process behind this composition was largely to ensure area denial but to also balance out buffs and debuffs. We would count on Tyto to be able to hound any opposing Tripp players, whilst Xenobia would offer both burning, slow and armor break potential. Charnok or Voden would provide ranged damage and Aisling instead of pursuing a damage heavy build would be support based utilising Cador as a Head or to increase the damage of others using Spectral Wave. Finally, as Griselma it would be my responsibility to not only secure Control Points but to allow for a group push when needed. Combined with Beastial Feast, we'd have free access to cleansing and a significant heal.
In general, I think our composition was solid but it did have its weaknesses. Although our area denial was exceptional and we had high damage, we had no sustain and no means of going toe to toe with Hero's such as Lord Knossos, The Margrave or HK-206. These “tanky” characters are able to withstand punishment and push deep into the back of enemy lines, meaning squishy characters such as Xenobia, Griselma and Tyto were particularly vulnerable especially when fighting them in close quarter locations. We'd have to rely heavily on preventing opposition attacks, rather than being able to engage as a group when equal numbers.
Tactics
Our original tactics were to have Aisling constantly buff Griselma and her hands so that they received an early damage boost. Aisling and I would work together for the majority of the time whilst Tyto quickly picked up Focus orbs. Egleb on Xenobia and Killboy as Charnok or Voden would concentrate on spiking enemies down through the use of her immobilize.
Where summoning was concerned, we wanted to remain traditional to begin with, so placed a Cerberus on Pools, Cyclops on Reactor and Bloomer on Intake. It worked against the majority of teams, but fell flat against Imagine (our most skilled adversary) because it failed to reduce their access to intake. As a result, it made life difficult to protect the Bloomer because three entrances were too hard to cover with a composition that wasn't built to go toe-to-toe with other melee Hero's. After the first game we quickly changed tactics and placed down two Cyclops (one on Intake, one on Reactor) and a Cerberus on Pools. We coped largly fine without the Bloomer healing, thanks to Aisling and Cador handing out heals over time.
Positives
Winning 6 out of 8 matches certainly shows that the composition has potential. Those wins were steam rolls and at no point were we under any real threat of losing. In fact, four of those matches were so one sided we practically spawn camped because our area denial was so high. Several rounds ended with our Guardian having taken no damage. Even the two matches we lost went exceptionally well during the first half until we made serious errors, further demonstrating that area denial, coupled with entry restrictions from Cyclops' is more than viable. It's also particularly pleasing to know that you don't have to select a healer and tank (such as Sven and Margrave) to do well.
Errors
Our biggest errors and which caused both our defeats were the following:
1. Failing to upgrade quickly enough
2. Failing to move to defend a Control Point as a five
Against Imagine (the team we lost to twice) we were ahead during the start, but begun to lose as they realised they could easily take us on 5 versus 5. The encounters we were winning were when we picked our fights or when they were poking us. When they turned up as a full force, we had no sustain or survivability to deal with it. Going up against The Margrave, Sven and HK-206 as well as Tripp and Mozu (or Xenobia) is a nightmare. Not only because three of the five are so tanky, but because those at the back (or waiting in the wings) can rip you to pieces once the heavy hitters have you distracted.
Failing to react quickly to their movement as a fail provided no opportunity to bunker down on a location and reduce their health before they reached the Control Point, leaving us in a situation where we either let the Control Point fall (to hand them a big dollop of Focus) or to try to kill them knowing we'd likely die in the ensuing fight. Interestingly and I think what really tipped both matches in their favor was the use of Sven. His armor break, knock back, heal burst and area denial allowed them to recover quickly but also fight longer than we could.
When it comes to upgrading, we were just too slow and some of our team wasted their first level Focus instead of upgrading. It provided several pips of power to the opposition that they capitalized on, allowing them to deliver a deep wound we couldn't recover from.
Final Thoughts
Overall I think we did exceptionally well. We'd never played together before as a team and made some errors that are easily rectified with greater communication. As far as our composition is concerned, I do think we were too squishy and our inability to trade blows with Hero's such as HK-206 and The Margrave left us particularly vulnerable when being pushed. I also think that Aisling, despite offering great control, lacked the utility and healing output Vadasi and Sven can provide. Based on that and going forward, I'd pursue a composition of:
1. PlasmaNapkin - Tyto
2. Egleb - Xenobia
3. PersistentWorlder - Vadasi/Sven
4. Killboy - Charnok/Voden
5. Time Weaver - The Margrave
Finally, I wanted to thank all those that helped pull the EU Guardian Arena together (Feculator!) and Only6Inches for having his team, Imagine, provide the toughest challenge of the evening. At times, the match was on a knife edge.
If you want to participate in the next EU Guardian Arena, be sure to sign up and head to the forums and if you don't have a key, let me know!
The history of telescope is going to be revolutionized as China breaks ground on world's largest radio telescope ever. Previously, radio telescope in Puerto Rico's Arecibo Observatory (located in the northeastern Caribbean Sea) was the world's largest radio telescope.
China's new gigantic radio telescope comprising of a big bowl-shaped radio signal collector, is named as Five-hundred-meter Aperture Spherical radio Telescope (FAST) and it will be operational in 2016 according to the Chinese officials.
FAST is seen as the result of the massive research works of Square Kilometre Array (SKA) that was focused on producing a radio telescope with a complete square kilometre of telescope surface area. It has an amazingly powerful and sensitive receiver fixed above the dish and it will be capable of receiving the activity from 19 sky regions at a time which was impossible with any of the telescope before.
FAST is using the architectural designs of Arecibo but it will be three times more capable than the previous largest telescope “Arecibo”.
This is possible because of the advanced and sound internal engineering of FAST. With overhanging mirrors weighing 11,000 tons and aluminum panels inside the structure of these mirrors, FAST will be capable on focusing on the radio signals and the magnifying effect will be enhanced with subsets of the mirrors.
With the ability to detect the extra planetary activity from the distance of 1,000 light years, FAST is highly seen as a tool that will definitely enhance further horizons of research and success in the space industry and benefit the humankind. It is also expected to join SETI in the search for extraterrestrial life.
A South Sudanese playboy exposed for his extravagant lifestyle of private jets, luxury hotels and first class travel in an anti-corruption investigation backed by George Clooney has told MailOnline he is only trying to help his ailing country.
Self styled tycoon Lawrence Lual Malong Yor Jnr continued to flaunt his wealth on social media despite being publicly named and criticised in the report for giving the impression of having immense wealth.
On Thursday, two days after the Clooney dossier was published, Mr Lual, 28, posted a picture of himself posing in a bright plum coloured suit standing in front of a small aircraft, with the caption: 'Young Tycoon flying private jet'.
Lawrence Lual Malong Yor Jnr said Facebook posts of him living the life of luxury were designed to 'encourage' fellow young South Sudanese to eschew violence and aim higher
A report by the investigative group The Sentry, led by George Clooney, said the South Sudanese elite had exploited the chaos in the world's newest country to enrich themselves
Mr Lual told MailOnline that his job, which allows him to travel the world, has nothing to do with his stepfather's position or his close relationship with President Salva Kiir
Mr Lual, who has no background in business, is entrusted to attract investors to mine the country's largely untapped gold, diamond and oil supplies
His stepfather Gen Paul Malong, chief of staff of South Sudan's military, has been accused by the UN of presiding over a force responsible for mass killings, rapes and using child soldiers
Mr Lual is the stepson of Gen Paul Malong, South Sudan's army chief who is accused of complicity in widespread atrocities committed during the country's bloody two-year civil strife.
A high school graduate with no degree or background in business, Mr Lual has been entrusted by government with attracting investors to mine the country's bountiful and until now largely untapped gold, diamond and oil supplies.
In an exclusive interview with MailOnline, he said he wanted to generate jobs so people would put down their guns.
I'm saying you can be like me. It's not because of the president or my stepfather, I'm blessed by Jesus Christ. Lawrence Lual Malong Yor Jnr
He said his job - which allows him to travel the world and post pictures of his exploits online - has nothing to do with his stepfather's position, nor his close relationship with the South Sudanese President Salva Kiir.
'It doesn't make any difference, I'm a normal businessman,' he said. 'I don't use the name Malong, there's no influence at all.
'I'm blessed to have these opportunities because no one is competing with me in South Sudan.
'You can get gold, diamond concessions because no one is competing with you. There are a lot of opportunities.'
He said he aspired one day to become the president of South Sudan, which won independence from Sudan in 2011 in an internationally-brokered deal, but was plunged into conflict soon after.
'I don't want to be a wealthy man. What I want is just to help the people. I am a young man so I can use the medium of Facebook to raise my profile.'
Mr Lual's most recent post this week shows him dressed in a plum-coloured suit: 'You know in Africa, when you're going to convince someone you need to look smart'
The self-styled tycoon's lavish lifestyle was highlighted in the report. Pictured: South Sudanese refugees surviving on basic rations in a displacement camp in Uganda
South Sudan won independence from Sudan in 2011 in an internationally-brokered deal, but was plunged into conflict soon after. Clooney (pictured above with wife Amal) described Sentry's report as 'explosive stuff'
Calling himself 'Young Tycoon' and 'Smart Boy for Life', he captions pictures of himself online sitting in first class 'thinking about how to develop my nation and create jobs'
Mr Lual, a high school graduate with no degree or background in business, told MailOnline: 'You know in Africa, when you're going to convince someone you need to look smart'
Mr Lual greets President Kiir. The report claimed at least seven of President Kiir's children - one of them only 12 years-old - had stakes in profitable businesses
Some of Mr Lual's Facebook posts have drawn criticism. One said: 'It's a disgrace to u when some lives of ur own people are in dire need of help n u r on fb advertising ur wealth.' (sic) Pictured: South Sudanese refugees at a camp in Uganda
Mr Lual said the pictures he posts on Facebook of himself wallowing in the Jacuzzi and enjoying massages at a Las Vegas hotel's presidential suite, enjoying drinks on first class flights and playing golf in exclusive resorts, all while dressed in a series of natty suits and dangling gold watches, are designed to 'encourage' fellow young South Sudanese to eschew violence and aim higher.
'I'm saying you can be like me. It's not because of the president or my stepfather, I'm blessed by Jesus Christ,' he said.
I must advertise myself to attract investors. If I fly economy then I can't interest anyone, they will run away from me. I need to fly first class. Lawrence Lual Malong Yor Jnr
'If people put the gun down and pray to Almighty God it can happen for them too, he will open for you a door.'
Calling himself 'Young Tycoon' and 'Smart Boy for Life,' he captions the pictures of himself sitting in first class 'thinking about how to develop my nation and create jobs in the private sector'.
In another, he is pictured sitting on a hot pink chaise longue wearing a fluorescent yellow suit, with his index finger to his temple. 'That Smart Boy for life is always thinking how to help our Nation,' the caption reads.
The photographs attract largely praise and offers of expertise or willing labour but also abuse.
One poster wrote: 'I don't think that is what you're thinking about, you wouldn't have been in first class luxury when people are going hungry at your backyard.'
Sentry: The report backed by George Clooney said that Mr Lual had used his political connections to court investors and lead a life of luxury far removed from South Sudan's conflict
Mr Lual insisted his job has nothing to do with his stepfather's position, nor his close relationship with President Kiir: 'It doesn't make any difference, I'm a normal businessman'
Mr Lual dismissed the report as 'political' and warned that if western investors continued to shun South Sudan because of the war, the Chinese would snap its natural resources
'I don't want to be a wealthy man. What I want is just to help the people. I am a young man so I can use the medium of Facebook to raise my profile.' Mr Lual told MailOnline
One poster wrote: ‘Does it make sense lual to praise urself of being rich? It's a disgrace to u when some lives of ur own people are in dire need of help n u r on fb advertising ur wealth......'
Mr Lual insists that he has no money personally and his trips and lavish lifestyle are funded by 'personal friends'.
'The wealth I have come from Almighty God. I don't have money. You can't get $100 from my bank account,' he said.
'If I am doing business with you, I can say 'my brother, get me something'. Whatever small thing my friends or partners give to me so I just look smart, it's what God wants.'
He continued: 'You know in Africa, when you're going to convince someone you need to look smart.
My stepfather is killing people and I'm not happy about it. I'm a Christ-lover. I know what life means. Lawrence Lual Malong Yor Jnr
'I must advertise myself to attract investors. If I fly economy then I can't interest anyone, they will run away from me. I need to fly first class.'
The report by the US-based investigation group The Sentry led by Clooney claimed that an elite cabal of South Sudanese politicians and military men and their relatives exploited the chaos in the world's newest country to enrich themselves.
'This is pretty explosive stuff,' Clooney told a press conference. 'We are talking about the president, the ousted vice president and their generals. We are able to prove without any question that not only are their committing these crimes but they're profiting from them.'
Gen Malong, as the chief of staff of the government-controlled, the Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA), has been accused by the United Nations of presiding over mass killings, rapes and the recruitment of child soldiers.
He is accused of owning villas in African capitals far beyond his official means.
The report suggested that his stepson Mr Lual had used his political connections to court investors and lead a life of luxury far removed from South Sudan's conflict, which has left as many as 300,000 people dead, 2.3 million people displaced, 5.1 million people in need of food aid.
'Mr Lual told The Sentry that the foreign investors with whom he does business are the ones footing the bill for his first-class plane tickets,' the report said.
'Mr Lual also claimed that Gen Malong and President Salva Kiir have been involved in his mining ventures. Mr. Lual claimed that President Kiir and Gen Malong's involvement entailed expediting anything needed from the South Sudanese government.'
Mr Lual dismissed the report, entitled War Crimes Shouldn't Pay, as 'political' and warned that if western investors continued to shun South Sudan because of the war, the Chinese would snap its natural resources.
Mr Lual insists that he has no money personally and his trips and lavish lifestyle are funded by 'personal friends'
Gen Malong (right), as the chief of staff of the government-controlled, the Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA), has been accused by the UN of presiding over mass killings, rapes and the recruitment of child soldiers. Pictured: With President Kiir
Mr Lual said he had been working to attract investment to South Sudan since 2011 and had travelled across the world but hadyet to secure a concrete investment deal
Flamboyant: Mr Lual's prides himself on his appearance as he travels the world: 'There's no one that's serious about investing in South Sudan while it's a war zone'
Tribute: He speaks fondly of his mother Aluel Kuol Makuach, who was married to General Malong but has now died
'You guys helped us get independence so why don't come and exploit those opportunities?' he said. 'You say there's corruption but there's no corruption.
'The country is very wealthy but it is going to be taken by the Chinese. You know the Chinese. They are the most corrupt people in the world.'
Mr Lual denied the report's claims that he owned shares in companies that hold oil, diamond, and gold concessions and involved his father and the president in his business ventures.
He said he had been working to attract investment to South Sudan since 2011 and had travelled to countries including Brazil, India, the United States, Bangladesh, China and Kenya, but was yet to secure a concrete investment deal.
'Europeans and Americans and South African companies are among investors I speak to,' he said. 'There's no one that's serious about investing in South Sudan while it's a war zone.'
Mr Lual also posts pictures of himself with his stepfather General Malong, and with President Salva Kiir and his wife, in some occasions with potential investors.
His Facebook account contains pictures of Mr Kiir in military uniform and the caption 'we won' and of Mr Lual embracing SPLA soldiers shortly after violent clashes in the capital Juba this July that killed 300 people, with the caption that he is 'proud' of them.
The United Nations claimed the SPLA was largely responsible for the July flare-up in violence, that included an attack on a compound where foreign aid workers were beaten and gang-raped.
The Sentry report claimed an elite cabal of South Sudanese politicians and military men and their relatives exploited the chaos to enrich themselves. Pictured: Child refugees from South Sudan in a camp in Uganda
The report suggested Mr Lual had used his political connections to lead a life of luxury far removed from South Sudan's conflict, which has left as many as 300,000 people dead, 2.3 million people displaced, 5.1 million people in need of food aid
Gen Malong, as chief of staff of the government-controlled, the Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA), has been accused by the United Nations of presiding over mass killings, rapes and the recruitment of child soldiers. Pictures: South Sudanese refugees in Uganda
Mr Lual insisted he was a 'peace advocate' and issued regular calls for South Sudanese warring parties, including his stepfather, to put down their arms.
'Even me, I'm not happy with him. My stepfather is killing people and I'm not happy about it. I'm a Christ-lover. I know what life means,' he said. 'If he was my real father, I can tell him but I need to respect him, I can't tell him that.'
"India is now one of our fastest growing markets. In the first three quarters of this fiscal year, our iPhone sales in India were up 51 per cent year-on-year," Apple CEO Tim Cook said on an investor call.
He added the company has announced setting up of a design and development accelerator to support Indian developers creating innovative applications for iOS and opened a new office in Hyderabad to accelerate maps development.
"We're looking forward to opening retail stores in India down the road, and we see huge potential for that vibrant country," he said without disclosing further details.
Cook, who visited India in May, had discussed issues including manufacturing and setting up retail stores in the country with Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
"On a personal note, during the past quarter I visited China and India, and I am very encouraged about our growth prospects in those countries," he said.
Recently the government issued new norms allowing single-brand retail trading and exemption from local sourcing for 'state-of-the-art' and "cutting edge" technology with a waiver for three years, and the option to extend it for five years. Sources had said Apple may have to submit a fresh application for the same.
The Cupertino-based tech giant had yesterday reported its revenues rising to USD 42.4 billion in the third quarter, driven by markets including India, Russia, Brazil, Turkey and Canada.
For a quick pick-me-up treat, blend up this thick, creamy, frosty Vegan. I add protein powder for extra nutrients. Simple ingredients, and one!.. If you follow my blog, the secret ingredient (FROZEN WATERMELON!) may not be a secret to you since I use it a lot in my shakes. I love love love the frosty cool texture the watermelon gives my shakes when blended with creamy banana and non-dairy milk. I use this ingredient in my favorite matcha shake You can buy a giant half or quarter of watermelon at the grocery store (year-round even!) for just a few bucks. I take it home and slice it into cubes (roughly) and freeze in a large container or plastic bags. I can get at least five shakes (sometimes more!) out of one large watermelon slice.Theacts as "ice cream" and "ice" all in one. It sweetens, adds texture, frostiness and even sweetness. Watermelon is super low in calories compared to (ice cream) the usual "shake" ingredient. Watermelon contains only 50-60 calories per cup and plenty of vitamin C, potassium and even lycopeneare of course very healthy and contain fiber, potassium and natural sweetness.For thepart, I use a vanilla flavored non-dairy milk and usually add in vanilla protein powder. A few drops of vanilla extract or even real vanilla bean seeds would also help.1 1/4 cups frozen watermelon cubes1 banana, frozen1/2 - 3/4 cup non-dairy milk, vanilla1 heaping scoop of your favorite vegan protein powder in vanilla flavorBlend and serve!ripe fruit makes for a yummier smoothie, so freeze your banana and melon when they are ripe!I use a Vitamix so that this smoothie blends up thick and creamy. But if your blender is not as powerful, you may need to add a few more splashes of liquid to get the blend moving.Protein Powder?to you is to head over to Whole Foods and grab sample sizes of as many vegan protein powders as you can find. Then throughout the week or month, give those samples a try in your favorite smoothies. You want to find a brand that not only tastes amazing to you (otherwise you will not use it) and also has all the nutrients you are looking for. Sometimes a simple protein powder is best and other times you may be looking for a complete vitamin and mineral infused blend (like Vega One, for example.)I tend to skip around brands to make sure I get a balanced selection of good stuff. Plus I just love trying new powders. You can also browse Amazon.com for vegan protein powder.Also check out these protein powder posts by two of my fave vegan ladies, Gena and Angela: Protein Powder on Choosing Raw Protein Powder on Oh She Glows...read through all those great comments on their blog posts - some great tips and comments from readers!Remember that if you are looking for vegan protein powder, do not choose anything that contains whey or casein. Both those ingredients are dairy-based.Interested in? Check out my review + Chocolate Maca Chip Smoothie Recipe and giveaway!* My Green Superfood Powder Review Oh, and this smoothie is also kinda awesome if you want another smoothie to try..my book is available for pre-order NOW! (Official list of retailers coming soon! See the cover HERE !)
President Barack Obama speaks at Central High School in Bridgeport, Conn. Sunday, at a rally for Gov. Dan Malloy. AP/John Minchillo The White House is trying to downplay the results of Tuesday's midterm elections ahead of the Democratic Party's forecasted heavy losses across the country.
Polls show the GOP is on the verge of taking the Senate majority from the Democrats and expanding its majority in the House. However, speaking with reporters Monday afternoon, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest stressed the differences between a national presidential election and these more local races.
"It is important to understand, as important as this election is ... a midterm election is different than a presidential election — particularly this year," Earnest said.
Earnest noted many of the competitive Senate races are in conservative-leaning states where President Barack Obama was never popular.
"The electorate is different this time than it is in a traditional presidential election. So, that will be part of the calculation that's made as we consider what sort of conclusions should be appropriately drawn from the election. I guess in other words, it would not be wise to draw as broad a conclusion about the outcome of this election as you would from a national presidential election — simply by virtue of the map," he said.
Obama, whom polls show is unpopular, has largely avoided the campaign trail in the most competitive states this year. Instead, the president has opted to rally for Democrats in staunchly liberal who are facing tougher-than-expected opposition. Obama campaigned most recently for Connecticut Gov. Dan Malloy (D) on Sunday. There are no public campaign events on his schedule Monday.
Earnest further suggested reporters should look at polls showing voters aren't motivated by the idea of "sending a message" to Obama by voting against other Democrats on the ballot this year.
"The vast majority of the people say that their vote is determined by something other than sending a message to the president of the United States. So I would take those voters at their word," he said.
A new study found that Britain has the second highest online drug use in the world. The study was done on dark net markets, and was done on the number of transactions being done in various countries. In total, the number of transactions done online in Britain has tripled in just three years, coming it at a staggering 15 million euros a month.
Over a four-week period, the study showed that this year, vendors in the UK comprised 16 percent of the trade, around 1.8 million euros. Coming in first is the United States, totaling more than a third of the entire total.
Researchers at RAND Europe, found Britain to have 338 sellers advertising a variety of drugs on the markets, and completed over 20,000 transactions a month. That averages out to about 5,100 euros per month, per dealer. Following close behind were Germany, the Netherlands, and Australia.
Since the highly publicized take down of Silk Road in 2013, markets have come and gone in regular fashion. Some seem to be in it for the long haul, while others spring up, only to vanish within a few months.
The study showed that despite the offline trade still beating it, totaling 1.7bn euros a month, there is a rapid, steady growth in the online drug trade. The increase in safety, and quality of the products purchased online are two of the deciding factors making users switch to the online drug trade.
“The UK is one of the most significant bases for vendors in this market and is certainly the biggest in Europe in terms of numbers of vendors and monthly revenue. It is a growing market. The closure of Silk Road has not curbed the growth of these crypto markets, as more markets continue to be created and more illicit drugs are being bought online. Crypto markets are often online only for several months and users seem to be operating under the assumption that they could be closed at any moment.” researcher Stijn Hoorens, of RAND Europe stated.
The study also found that the majority of the buyers and sellers are young, English speaking males with top notch computer skills. Dealers went both ways the study proved, with some being already established drug dealers simply branching out as technology allows, as well as people who have never sold drugs before, using new technology to try it out for the first time.
Marijuana came in at the top of the list of drugs being bought and sold online, counting for 40 percent. Coming in second are uppers like cocaine and speed; which were 29 percent. Ecstasy and its variants came in third, at only 19 percent of total sales.
The study showed that a quarter of the deals were for 770 euros or more, or $1000. This suggests that these deals are for resale, rather than personal use.
The study revealed that dealers are also using new techniques to stop the ever growing capabilities of Law Enforcement. It showed that some dealers in the Netherlands are crossing into Germany to ship since some countries are now flagging packages from the world's top MDMA and Ecstasy exporter.
Contrary to popular belief, the online drug business in booming, with the most popular, successful vendor cashing in an estimated 206,000 euros a month.
WASHINGTON—The Supreme Court on Thursday held that federal law authorizes courts to strip immigrant citizens of their U.S. citizenship if they obtained it as a result of making false statements to the federal government.
Federal law found at 18 U.S.C. § 1425(a) makes it a crime to “knowingly procur[e], contrary to law, the naturalization of any person” to become a U.S. citizen. (“Naturalization” is the legal term for becoming a citizen.) Moreover, a second federal statute, 8 U.S.C. § 1451(e) adds that a foreigner who obtains U.S. citizenship through such a violation will lose that newly granted citizenship.
Divna Maslenjak is a Serb who, along with her husband and two children, sought refugee status in 1998 to flee Bosnia. As part of seeking protected status, she swore under oath that the family feared persecution because her husband evaded military service. They were admitted to the United States in 2000 as refugees.
In 2006, she applied for U.S. citizenship. One question on her application asked if she had ever given “false or misleading information” while applying for immigration benefits. Another asked if she had “lied … to gain entry or admission” in this country. She answered “no” to both and became an American citizen in 2007.
Those answers were false. Her husband had served in the Bosnian Serb Army. A third federal statute, 18 U.S.C. § 1015(a), criminalizes making a false sworn statement during naturalization. The U.S. government argued that her statement violating § 1015(a) also counts as a violation of § 1425(a), which meant she must lose her citizenship under § 1451(e).
A judge on the federal district court accepted that argument and stripped Maslenjak of her citizenship. The Sixth Circuit appeals court affirmed.
In an opinion written by Justice Elena Kagan, the Supreme Court in Maslenjak v. United States vacated (i.e., set aside) the lower court's decision and remanded the case back down for more proceedings.
The federal government had argued that the citizenship-stripping provision is triggered whenever an immigrant commits a crime during the process of seeking citizenship.
All nine justices rejected that argument. “The most natural understanding is that the illegal act must have somehow contributed to the obtaining of citizenship,” Justice Kagan wrote. In other words, “§ 1425(a) demands a means-ends connection between a legal violation and naturalization.”
“We hold that the Government must establish that an illegal act by the defendant played some role in her acquisition of citizenship,” the Court declared. “When the illegal act is a false statement, that means demonstrating that the defendant lied about facts that would have mattered to an immigration official.”
The Court concluded that the contrary instructions given to the jury were faulty and that, instead, the jury should have been told that they needed to decide the factual question of whether Maslenjak's lying about her husband's military service was part of the cause of obtaining her own citizenship.
The majority vacated the lower court's decision and remanded back to the trial court for a new jury proceeding where a correct explanation of the law would be provided to the jury.
Justice Neil Gorsuch wrote a decision concurring in part, joined by Justice Clarence Thomas. Justice Gorsuch wrote that the majority created a framework that was too elaborate, consisting of two complex tests with multiple parts. These new tests focus on causation, which was not the focus of the parties' legal briefs or oral arguments.
He struck a note of judicial modesty, explaining:
Respectfully, it seems to me at least reasonably possible that the crucible of adversarial testing on which we depend, along with the experience of our thoughtful colleagues on the district and circuit benches, could yield insights (or reveal pitfalls) we cannot muster guided only by our own lights.
Justice Gorsuch added that he believes the Supreme Court should send the case back down with a less-elaborate holding, and allow the lower courts to flesh out additional details as necessary over time. After a period of trial and error, the Supreme Court could then in future cases review aspects of those legal interpretations.
“This Court often speaks most wisely when it speaks last,” he concluded.
Justice Samuel Alito also wrote a separate opinion concurring in the judgment, writing that when it comes to false statements, the immigration statute is violated when a person says something that is “material” to the naturalization process of obtaining citizenship. But contrary to the Court's majority, Justice Alito believes that the statement need not actually be part of the cause of obtaining citizenship.
The case is Maslenjak v. United States, No. 16-309.
Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.
Property giant Mirvac is facing a Labor-led campaign opposing its plans to build a string of high-rise apartment towers in Sydney's inner west, as ALP politicians from each level of government rallied the community groups against the proposal at a meeting in Marrickville.
More than 350 people crowded into Marrickville Town Hall on Thursday night to hear details about the mammoth development.
Federal opposition infrastructure spokesman Anthony Albanese condemned Mirvac's proposal on Thursday night. Credit:Jessica Hromas
Under Mirvac's proposal, a large section of Carrington Road in Marrickville would be rezoned to accommodate 20 towers up to 105 metres tall and comprising more than 2600 units, and existing business premises would be demolished to make way for the redevelopment.
The hall erupted in applause as Labor politicians - federal MP Anthony Albanese, state MP Jo Haylen, and Inner West Council mayor Darcy Byrne - appealed to the crowd's anti-overdevelopment sentiment as they delivered their damning verdicts.
As the authors of a recent study published in BMJ attest, society's red-haired members don't always get a fair shake. Hoary stereotypes, such as the idea that redheads are also hot heads, are mixed together with actual physiological differences — such as a heightened sensitivity to pain. Now science is getting a better understanding of redheaded physiology than ever before.
In numerical terms, people with red hair are a decided minority. They comprise just 2-6% of the population of the northern hemisphere and 1-2% worldwide. It's genetics that make them such rare birds. (More on Time.com: How to Keep Surgeons From Leaving Things Behind)
The carrot-top coloration is caused by a gene on chromosome 16 that affects the melanocortin-1 receptor (MC1R) protein, which often leads to the redheads' characteristic pale skin and light eyes, as well as a sensitivity to ultraviolet light — which is why they must slather on the sunscreen when they go outside. Because the gene is recessive, both parents must carry it in order for a red-haired child to be born. That's not difficult — 80% of the global population carries the redheaded gene even most if they do so invisibly. (More on Time.com: The Top 10 Redheads)
For those few who do have the redhead phenotype, the physical challenges go beyond the occasional sunburn — something that surgeons well know. And that's what the BMJ authors sought to explore in their meta-analysis, or survey of the existing scientific literature
Operating room docs, for example, have long reported that redheads appear to need more anesthetic than others. The new study suggests that that observation is an accurate one — mostly. Those with the MC1R mutation are more sensitive to opiate pain killers — which means they'd actually need less — but less sensitive to other types, most notably lidocaine injections. One study which used heat-related pain as its litmus of overall sensitivity showed that redheads indeed felt things more acutely and unpleasantly, probably because the MC1R mutation releases a hormone that stimulates a brain receptor associated with pain regulation. (More on Time.com: Study: Researchers Identify Hundreds of Gene Variants That Contribute to Height)
Redheads are also said — anecdotally at least — to be more susceptible to hernias. The study did not establish that conclusively, but it did find a tangential link between chromosome 16 and a condition called brittle cornea syndrome, the sufferers of which have a slightly elevated hernia risk.
Less substantiated by the study was the belief that people with red hair are more susceptible to hemorrhages. A survey of tonsillectomy patients found that about 7% of both red-haired and control patients experienced post-surgical bleeding. And in a study of the blood coagulation of 50 women, half of whom were redheads, there was no difference in clotting.
Overall, the researchers concluded that even if redheads require a little extra handling on the operating table, trepidation among surgeons had more to do with stereotypes than with clinical evidence.”It would seem that the reputation of people with red hair for having increased perioperative risk is without any basis in fact and should only be used as an excuse of last resort by surgeons defending problematic bleeding or recurrent hernias,” concluded authors, Andrew L Cunningham and Christopher P Jones. Take that, blonds and brunettes!
Related Links:
IKEA Pencils: The Latest in Surgical Technology
Maybe It's Not Such a Good Idea to Marry a Doctor…
The last weekend I did some exploration on the script language execution performance. Specifically on the memory allocation side of things, and I would like to share my findings.
Script languages and memory usage
As you probably know script languages (most of them at least, like Python, Lua, etc) have the tendency to make a huge amount of small allocations on the heap. Almost everything is stored on the heap, and if you care for performance, you start to feel homesick about your beloved C stack! Anyway, nothing comes for free, and scripting languages have to take something from you in exchange for all the goods it gives you back. So the best you can do is make sure that you have the best memory allocator for the job.
Doing too many small allocations and releases on the heap can create memory fragmentation, along with all the evil that comes with this. The common approach is to create a specialized memory allocator that serves small and constant in size blocks of memory to the scripting language, taken from a bigger chunk of memory reserved from the system. This is a common in all “realtime” and intencive applications like games, and something I did many times to gain performance.
Can't beat the standard malloc
What I discovered with my latest attempt was that it has gotten quite hard to beat the GNU implementation of malloc(). Something that used to be easy in the past when you focused on a specialized case (e.g. small blocks of memory). Not that you can't do better if you try hard, but at this point the malloc() implementation is already super-fast for 99.9% of applications on the desktop. Rest asured that you will not be able to do much better. However that is not the case for embedded devices that don't share the same virtual memory benefits as the desktop computers.
My hand tuned specialized memory allocator for small blocks of memory ( <= 256bytes ) was not able to be more that 1% faster that the native malloc() on the OS X 10.6. However on the iPhone the same allocator was twice as fast as the native malloc() ! Since the target was from the begining the iPhone that seemed like big win! However when I set up a small benchmark in the scripting environment that did some allocations of game engine objects and released then again in various patterns, the results were disappointing. The gain from using my specialized (and twice as fast) allocator resulted in improvement of about 5% in execution speed in a memory intensive benchmark. And at some tests even slower! That was odd and most of all not good!
Why I was failing
After some inspections and tests that made the case of me doing something really stupid less probable, I narrowed down the cause.
In most cases of using a scripting language you have some classes defined in C++ that you instatiate in the scripting language. Take for example a 3D vector class “CVector3” defined in C++. When you instatiate this in the script language you get two allocations. One in the scripting language that allocates the “proxy” object and one in the C++ environment. When giving a new allocator to the scripting language to do its allocations you only “optimize” the first allocation. The one in C++ still goes through the system default allocator.
And since you optimize half of the allocations you expect to have half the performance boost… well… wrong. It turns out that you can even be slower this way. The secret here is the CPU cache. By doing the above, you have two memory blocks that are usually accessed together, but are far apart in memory. This can really hurt performance badly on a device with slow memory like the iPhone.
The solution
The solution was of course to use the same allocator on the C++ side by overriding the “new” operator of the class. This made the blocks of memory allocated on the script side to be close to the block allocated on the C++ side. This way access to the object only involves accessing one part of the memory and giving nice cache hits. Performance up by 30%, which was nice and expected.
One other interesting thing that I found from this is that, on the iPhone, if I just override the “new” operator of a class and make it allocate the memory with plain malloc() and don't use my allocator at all, the system is again faster!
This is probably from the fact that “new” does not go through plain malloc() (didn't bother to check) as the scripting language environment does. So the allocated blocks end up in differect arenas at different parts of the memory, with the result of losing performance for the same reason as above!
So, keep your related allocations close together when crossing the language barrier!
It's extremely rare to have the genesis of a political smear campaign uncovered for all to see, just like it is uncommon to read the correspondence between senior government officials and media backers to attack opponents and critics. And yet, that's exactly what is unfolding in New Zealand.
New Zealanders are currently witnesses to an expose of unprecedented proportions. These details are contained in investigative journalist Nicky Hager's new book, Dirty Politics: How Attack Politics is Poisoning New Zealand's Political Environment. The work has caused an earthquake, entrapping more players every day. New actors like Kim Dotcom are revelling in the outrage, and US journalist Glenn Greenwald has been invited to speak in Auckland a few days before the September poll.
The story revolves around prime minister John Key, the conservative leader facing re-election. Hager has obtained information, emails and Facebook messages from the files of right-wing blogger Cameron Slater, founder of the Whale Oil website. The documents show a deep and intimate connection between Slater and Jason Ede, former senior advisor to Key.
The situation is made worse by the allegation that a senior cabinet minister, Judith Collins, established close ties to Slater to bash enemies. Hager claims that the blogger, with the assistance of Ede, breached an unsecured opposition party Labor computer to obtain private information. Labor party head David Cunliffe says the allegations are “the closest New Zealand's got to its own kind of Watergate”.
Hager is an experienced journalist with a history of receiving leaks from deep inside the establishment. His 2011 book, Other People's Wars, was an explosive examination of New Zealand's extensive involvement in conflicts in Iraq, Afghanistan and the “war on terror”. A close association with Wikileaks, along with constant attempts to challenge the country's outward perception of being a quiet nation with few geo-political ambitions, places Hager as a leading, independently minded reporter getting past the spin so dominant in modern politics. He shows how smear, fear and arrogance have become key ingredients of Key's administration.
Wellington-based blogger Danyl Mclauchlan wrote in mid-August on the significance of Hager's latest scoop:
Whatever the wider implications, the book has had a profound effect on me, personally. Something that doesn't come across in the news coverage about Dirty Politics, and Cameron Slater, Jason Ede, Jordan Williams, Simon Lusk et al is just how fucking awful these people are. They spend their lives trying to poison and contaminate our politics. They enjoy seeing people suffer. They get excited by the idea of breaking up the marriages of their political enemies and ruining their lives.
These sentiments explain why Dirty Politics and its warning extend well beyond New Zealand's borders. The revelations detail a form of attack-dog politics that's now common-place in global affairs.
In the book's preface, Hager explains how Key was desperate to continue his success by constructing a charming public persona while pursuing “ more personal attacks and negative politics than any in living memory.” I asked Hager to tell me more:
It is about political PR and particularly what the US Republican party strategists have called a two-track approach. This is where the leaders are presented as positive while other people, the second track, conduct personal attacks and dirty tricks against their opponents. There were particularly nasty people doing the government's dirty work and it didn't look good for the government when they were exposed.
This style of politics will be familiar to even a casual observer of insider journalism. It's a worldwide trend. Journalists routinely receive “exclusive” leaks from government insiders that provide perfect ammunition to attack the other side. Hager shows how in New Zealand, the relationship between government and its media allies suits both their agendas – it simply is the method of today's corporate politics.
I'm currently in America, where things are eerily similar. Watching Fox News is like a rehearsed ballet: every show over the last week has claimed that president Obama's response to the murder of journalist James Foley has been so weak because he issued a statement before going back to his golf game while on vacation – host Judge Jeanine's monologue epitomised the channel's sentiment.
Arguing over Washington's response to the ISIS threat is legitimate, but it's hardly accidental that Obama is being damned for not bombing ISIS in Iraq and Syria before dinner-time. Fox News has a history of telling its hosts (and even guests) what to say and think – it's Republican party PR as journalism.
This brings us back to New Zealand. Hager has been pleasantly surprised by the best-selling success of his book – his biggest yet. He says that the small, local media market risks being abused by powers with ulterior motives. “Our small, mostly foreign-owned media risks being a push over for well organised PR campaigns”, Hager argues. “Political manipulation is helped by poor media. But this isn't a criticism of the journalists themselves, who of course want to do good work.”
Without a central leaker, Hager would have no book. He salutes their bravery. “We mustn't fall for the idea that whistleblowers are doing something wrong. They are the natural reaction to undemocratic government.”
The same applies to Australia. We desperately need a healthier leaking culture to uncover the murky dynamics between corporate, media and government interests. It's a shame so few journalists are willing to foster this environment and protect sources beyond the reach of intelligence agencies so keen to monitor dissent.
Image copyright Picture Courtesy – The British Library. Image caption One of the only known photographs of Bahadur Shah Zafar II, taken after his trial in 1858
For more than a century the last Mughal emperor was almost forgotten - but a chance finding of his grave helped resurrect the legacy of a man revered as a Sufi saint and one of the finest poets in the Urdu language.
Only a handful of relatives is present when Bahadur Shah Zafar II breathed his last in a shabby wooden house in Rangoon (now Yangon) in 1862.
That very day, his British captors buried him in an unmarked grave in a compound near the famous Shwedagon Pagoda.
Defeated, demoralised and humiliated, it was an inglorious end for a man whose Mughal ancestors had for 300 years ruled a vast territory including modern-day India, Pakistan, large parts of Afghanistan and Bangladesh.
Though his rule could not compare with that of illustrious ancestors like Akbar or Aurangzeb, he became the rallying point for the failed "Indian uprising" of 1857, when soldiers from undivided India rose against the British East India Company.
After they lost, the emperor was tried for treason, imprisoned and exiled to other territory under British control, in what is now Myanmar (Burma).
He died in custody on 7 November aged 87 - but his poetry lived on. The pen name he used, Zafar, means victory.
Image copyright ALAMY Image caption An illustration depicting the arrest of Bahadur Shah Zafar
The great Mughal empire had lost much of its influence and territory by the end of the 1700s. When Zafar came to the throne in 1837, his rule extended only to Delhi and its surroundings. But for his subjects, he always remained Badshah - the King.
Like other Mughal emperors he's said to be a direct descendent of Mongol rulers such as Genghis Khan and Timur. With his death, one of the world's greatest dynasties came to an end.
The British buried him in an unmarked grave to keep his followers away. News of his death took a fortnight to reach India and almost went unnoticed.
Then, for more than 100 years, Zafar faded from memory.
But in recent decades interest in his legacy has been revived.
A 1980s Indian TV serial rekindled memories, and roads bear his name in Delhi and Karachi. Dhaka renamed a park after him.
"Zafar was a remarkable man," historian William Dalrymple, author of The Last Mughal, told the BBC.
"A calligrapher, notable poet, Sufi pir [spiritual guide], and a man who valued the importance of Hindu-Muslim unity."
"While Zafar was never cut out to be a heroic or revolutionary leader, he remains, like his ancestor the Emperor Akbar, an attractive symbol of Islamic civilisation at its most tolerant and pluralistic," writes Mr Dalrymple in his book.
Zafar's religious tolerance, some suggest, also reflects his mixed parentage. His father, Akbar Shah II, was Muslim while his mother, Lal Bhai, was a Hindu Rajput princess.
The 1857 'Mutiny'
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A scene from the batteries on the Delhi Ridge, during the Indian mutiny of 1857
Indian soldiers rose up against their British officers in the northern city of Meerut on 10 May. The rebellion spread to Delhi, Agra, Lucknow and Kanpur.
Resentment had grown over attempts to impose new reforms, laws, Western values and Christianity.
The revolt united thousands of Hindu and Muslim troops who chose then-Mughal emperor, Bahadur Shah Zafar II, as their nominal head.
British generals deployed Sikh soldiers from Punjab and Pathans from the North-West Frontier Province - Delhi was recaptured by September.
Both sides were accused of indiscriminate killings. The rebels killed British women and children. The British were blamed for mass executions of thousands of mutineers and their supporters.
The rebellion officially ended by July 1858. In the same year, the East India Company was abolished in favour of direct rule of India by the British government.
Source: Britannica, BBC History
Zafar's unassuming tomb in a quiet avenue in Yangon is a poignant and silent reminder of one of the most tumultuous periods of Indian history.
Image caption The gates of the mausoleum bear the last emperor's name
Though local people knew Zafar was buried somewhere inside the compound of the local cantonment - where he and his family members were confined - they didn't find it until 1991.
Workers digging for a drain came across a brick structure which turned out to be the former king's grave. It was later renovated with the help of public donations.
Image copyright Picture courtesy - The British Library Image caption The mausoleum also houses the grave of one of his wives, Zinat Mahal
Compared with his ancestors' grand mausoleums in India, Zafar's tomb is modest. An arched iron-grill bears his name and title. The ground floor houses the graves of one of his wives, Zinat Mahal, and his grand-daughter, Raunaq Zamani.
In a crypt beneath, Zafar's grave is strewn with rose petals and other flowers.
A long chandelier hangs above, while paintings of him hang on the walls. There is a mosque next door.
The dargah or shrine has become a pilgrimage site for Yangon's Muslim population.
"People from all walks of life come to the dargah because he's considered a Sufi saint," says Al-Haj U Aye Lwin, treasurer of the management board of the Bahadur Shah Zafar Mausoleum.
"They come to meditate and pray near his grave. When people's wishes are fulfilled they donate money and other things."
Image caption Zafar's tomb is strewn with rose petals from worshippers
Zafar is particularly remembered for his mystical work in Urdu. His ghazals about life and love are famous and often sung or read out in Yangon's mushairas, gatherings at which Urdu poetry is recited.
Banned from using pen or paper, he is said to have written in charcoal on the walls that confined him. A few of the poems attributed to him have been reproduced in the mausoleum.
As an emperor, Zafar did not command an army but he became the symbolic head of a revolt which united both Muslims and Hindus. Historians point out that thousands of soldiers from both religions came together to rebel against their British officers in support of restoring Mughal rule.
This year - 2017 - is the 160th anniversary of the uprising but it is barely being marked, whether in India or elsewhere.
At a time when nationalism and fundamentalism are on the rise, historians say Zafar's religious tolerance remains relevant to this day.
He may have lost his title and dynasty. But he succeeded in conquering hearts and lives on as a Sufi saint and mystical poet.
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: We end today in Charlottesville, Virginia, where the city is bracing for a white nationalist rally on Saturday protesting the planned removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee from a downtown park. The “Unite the Right” event is expected to draw several thousands of people, including counterprotesters. In June, the KKK held a similar rally. More than a thousand people joined that protest. After the hooded KKK members departed, police moved in and attacked the counterprotesters with tear gas and arrested 23 people. White nationalist Richard Spencer organized several similar protests earlier this year.
City officials in Charlottesville have reportedly been looking at options to halt Saturday's Unite the Right event. A news conference is expected to take place later today to provide details about the plans for the rally.
AMY GOODMAN: Earlier this year, when the Charlottesville City Council voted to sell the statue of Robert E. Lee, white nationalist groups, including the Virginia chapter of the Sons of Confederate Veterans, filed a lawsuit against the city. A circuit court judge then issued a six-month injunction to halt its removal. According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, at least 60 publicly funded Confederacy symbols have been removed or renamed since the 2015 massacre of nine black parishioners in Charleston, South Carolina, by a self-described white supremacist.
To find out more, we go to Charlottesville to talk to Wes Bellamy, vice-mayor of Charlottesville, Virginia, the youngest person ever to be elected to the Charlottesville City Council. He is also the only African-American city councilor and has been leading the opposition to the Robert E. Lee statue in the city.
Wes Bellamy, welcome to Democracy Now!
WES BELLAMY: Thank you for having me.
AMY GOODMAN: Can you talk about your original push to have the Robert E. Lee statue taken down and what you ultimately got, that isn't talked about as much, which is some kind of—
WES BELLAMY: Equity package, yeah.
AMY GOODMAN: —some kind of funds for reparations?
WES BELLAMY: Yeah, so, this all started nearly a year and a half ago, in March of last year. I received several different phone calls, emails. There was a petition from a local student here in the area about an effort and a push to remove the statue of Robert E. Lee. People in Charlottesville have been talking about this for some years, but just last year there was a nuance in a bill that was vetoed at the state House by our governor that essentially said that if you want to move this kind of statues and things of that nature, it's a local issue, so you have the right to be able to do so. My colleague and I, Ms. Kristin Szakos, we both decided to push really hard. We held a press conference in which there were probably about 150 people who came out. About 80—or, excuse me, I would say about 110, 120 people or so who were pro-moving the statue, and about 30 to 40 Sons and Daughters of the Confederacy, who came with their large flags, and very, very upset that we were pushing to do so.
Subsequently, since then, there's been a lot of things that have transpired. I mean, I've received all kinds of death threats, been probably called every kind of N-word that you can think of. And it's been a very interesting topic. But I think that we have awakened, to say the least. We've seen a group of people here in our community who have been marginalized, who haven't necessarily had a voice. We're waking up, and we're saying that we are going to stand tall.
And in the midst of all of this, we also got an equity package passed, which I presented in January, before we had our first vote—and it was unanimously passed—which gave us $950,000 to our African American Heritage Center, $250,000 to build onto one of the parks in the local African-American community. We got $2.5 million to public housing redevelopment, $50,000 annually for anyone who lives in public housing to get free GED training, another $50,000 to anyone who lives 80 percent below the AMI, which is the annual median income, as well as public housing, to have scholarships of sorts to go to our local community college. We got a position for black male achievement, which we're calling a youth opportunity coordinator. So, I mean, in all, in all, it was about $4 million, basically, from funding, put specifically into marginalized communities to help bridge the gap and create equity.
All of this is about equity. We need equity, and not equality. Those are two different things. Equity is giving everyone what they need in order to have the same playing field. Equality is just giving everyone the same thing. I don't want equality. I want us to have equity. And we're going to push for equity in every space, whether that's public parks, whether that's in our city budget, no matter where it is, as long as I'm on council. And I'm going to push for it until the day I die.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Well, Vice-Mayor Bellamy, the interesting thing, though, is that you were offered—the majority agreed to the equity package as an attempted compromise to convince you to hold off on the removal of the Robert E. Lee statue. Could you talk about that effort on their part?
WES BELLAMY: Yeah. So, I think my colleagues, they wanted to see how we can find a compromise of sorts and move forward with the equity package. And I think—I personally believe that all of my colleagues on council, they firmly also believe in equity. We may all have different ways in which we want to go about it. So we thought it was a great idea. When we had the first vote to move the statue, it was—it's only five of us on council. It was a 2-2 vote, and one of my colleagues abstained. So, it wasn't until our next City Council that he, Mr. Bob Fenwick, decided to come on board and vote to remove the statue. So, essentially, the statue was moved—or, we had the votes to remove the statue, as well as getting the equity package.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: And have you been surprised by the enormous backlash and the—and these white supremacists organizing rallies in your town now?
WES BELLAMY: No, sir. I'm a student of history. We see this is oftentimes what happened when you have specifically—let's just call a spade a spade. When you have African Americans who decide to stand up in nontraditional African-American places, in places in which we haven't been very vocal or in which we haven't, quote-unquote, “caused trouble” or stirred things up, whenever we decide to do so, and our white brothers and sisters or Latino brothers and sisters, our brothers and sisters of different hues and persuasions decide to rally and ride with us, whenever you see that kind of uprising, the majority, and specifically individuals who believe that things should be the way they've always been, they normally push back. You've seen this from the '40s to the '50s to the '60s. And in no by shape, form or fashion, am I Dr. King or anything. But we've seen this kind of story and this playbook play out. There's always going to be met with opposition when you're doing something right. And, I mean, the threats and the people who are saying they're going to do this and they're going to do that, and these rallies that have been coming about as of late, in my opinion, it just shows that we're doing something right. It's been troubling for many people in our community. But I think, personally, what I often tell myself, and I tell the little kids who I talk to every single day, and when we're walking around the city, in order for us to get to the clear water, the clean water, you have to go through the mud. And right now we're kind of in the muddy part. But I would much rather us go through the mud and get clean now than just pretend as if these issues don't exist and let's not do anything for another generation.
AMY GOODMAN: I want to turn to comments about the August 12th rally by to Unite the Right organizer Jason Kessler, who posted the video on his Twitter account on Saturday.
JASON KESSLER: These people who are trying to erase white people from history. And that's the other question: Like is this a white supremacist event? This is not a white supremacist event. This is a pro-white event.
AMY GOODMAN: Can you talk about those who are saying don't go to this, what Jason Kessler is saying, who he is? And also, did you vote to remove or sell the statue?
WES BELLAMY: Yeah, so, there are several questions that you asked there. You were breaking up a little bit, and I couldn't hear the first—the first two. What did you say?
AMY GOODMAN: Who Jason Kessler is, and those who are saying, like the University of Charlottesville president, encouraging students not to go to this rally—
WES BELLAMY: Oh, OK.
AMY GOODMAN: —concerned about violence.
WES BELLAMY: Yeah. Well, I believe that I have a ton of respect for—
AMY GOODMAN: To protest it.
WES BELLAMY: Yes, I have a ton of respect for Dr. Sullivan. And I agree. You know, if some individuals choose to not attend the rally, that's their choice. But one thing that I believe that is important for us to all understand is that we have to allow people to express themselves as they want to. The same way that Mr. Kessler has the opportunity and he has the right to be able to express himself, other individuals have that same right. And if they choose to go to the rally, I don't want to get into a position in which I'm telling people don't go and say anything, don't go and counterprotest, because what we saw from the event that occurred on July 8th is that there are a lot of people from different persuasions, that are professors, that are people who live in the community, that are people who normally never protest, can be meek, and they can be solemn. We have clergy people. All feel as if it's important for them to voice their opinion and voice their opposition. So, again, I don't want to get into a point in which we tell people not to do so.
As for Mr. Kessler, he is who he is. I don't have any ill will or anything to say towards Mr. Kessler. I actually went to church yesterday, and we had communion, and I forgave Mr. Kessler. So, I mean, he is—he is free to do what he wants to do. But as far as I'm concerned, we do have an obligation and a duty to keep people safe and make sure that everyone is protected. But I do want to encourage people, if you want to stand up and you want to speak out, in whatever way you choose to do so, I respect you, and I empathize with the fact that you want to do that.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Well, you've been having several meetings of your council to try—closed-door meetings, largely, to try to figure out how to handle the events that are coming up this Saturday. There was some talk of possibly moving the rally. What's been some of the discussion that you'vehad behind closed doors?
WES BELLAMY: Well, legally, we can't—we can't discuss anything that we've been talking about behind closed doors or in any of our closed sessions. Sorry about that.
AMY GOODMAN: And this question of selling the statue or removing it?
WES BELLAMY: Well, in regards to selling the statue, what we agreed to do was create a RFP, request for proposal, after the injunction is over, for individuals—or, excuse me, for entities—it's a very nuanced language—who may be, for example, the Parks Service or a locality or a museum or things of that nature. They will have the opportunity to be able to purchase the statue. And it's not necessarily an auction, but some people have been describing it as an auction.
The thing is, is this: We don't want to desecrate or dismantle or disrespect the statue in any shape, form or fashion. I don't have any personal problems with Robert E. Lee. He is who he is, and I am who I am. But what we do believe is that that statue doesn't belong in the middle of our downtown. Especially if we are a community in which we're trying to provide equity and we say that we're one of the best places to live in the country for all people, then we have to make sure that we maintain safe spaces in our parks for all people.
So, in terms of selling the statue or auctioning it off, we just believe that it should be in a more appropriate place. So, if there is a Parks Service or if there is a civil rights museum—excuse me, a Civil War museum or somewhere in which individuals believe that they can pay the proper homage and respect to Mr. Lee through a government entity or something of that nature, then they have every right to auction off—or, excuse me, purchase the statue. And we've received several calls for it.
AMY GOODMAN: Well, we want to thank you very much, Wes Bellamy, for joining us, vice-mayor of Charlottesville, Virginia, the youngest person ever to be elected to the Charlottesville City Council, the only African American currently on that council, leading the opposition to the Robert E. Lee statue in Charlottesville, Virginia, the home of Thomas Jefferson.
Where there's smoke, there's usually fire.
It had been tough to get in contact with CBA (Syracuse, N.Y.) running back Stevie Scott over the past couple weeks, and that apparently had a lot to do with the fact that he had recently (quietly) decommitted from the Rutgers program.
Despite partaking in an official visit to the banks last weekend, the 6-1, 240-pound senior did so as an uncommitted recruit.
And the clues had been there all along.
Tottenville (Staten Island, N.Y.) athlete and Rutgers commit Zihir Lacewell, who had hoped to room with Scott who he'd befriended, provided the first one, following the visit.
"I don't know (if he'll sign early)," Lacewell said. "I mean, we had a talk. He said he was considering because they didn't really pass the ball too much. But after this weekend, he said he's ready to re-commit."
And when we caught up with surprise visitor Jamree Kromah, he said the following: "Stevie, he was talking about who offered him. He's from New York also. So we talked about the recruiting process, visits he went to and stuff like that. And I told him about the same thing with me also. To tell you the truth I didn't know he was committed at all. I thought his recruitment was open."
Then Scott removed all of the Rutgers paraphernalia from his Twitter profile, prompting us to reach out once again.
Khris Banks' top options
Scott personally confirmed his Rutgers decommitment with NJ.com Thursday morning, stating he "wasn't feeling it anymore."
He also said he's no longer considering the Scarlet Knights. The Indiana Hoosiers appear to be his next destination but Scott isn't "saying too much right now."
However, he did admit he's unsure as to whether or not he'll sign during the early signing period, which would allow him more time to vet whatever his remaining options are.
Whether academics played into his decision to depart is unknown, but Scott has long faced qualification obstacles.
A three-star prospect, who originally committed to Rutgers over offers from 11 other schools, Scott is ranked the 89th-best running back in the country, according to the 247Sports.com composite.
Todderick Hunt may be reached at thunt@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @TodderickHunt. Find NJ.com Rutgers Football on Facebook.
Good morning. I'm Paul Thornton, The Times' letters editor, and it is Saturday, July 15, 2017. For those feeling nostalgic for a stable, relatively quiet presidency, here's what was on then President Obama's schedule one year ago today (scroll to July 15). Let's take a look back at the week in Opinion.
One of the more curious aspects of the latest revelations regarding the investigation of President Trump 's campaign and Russian government meddling in the 2016 election — that Donald Trump Jr. , Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort met that June with a Russian lawyer who was said to have had dirt on Hillary Clinton obtained by the Kremlin — is that much of this explosive, potentially presidency-ending information came from inside the White House.
Why might that be? Harry Litman, a former U.S. attorney and deputy attorney general, believes the investigation by Robert S. Mueller III has significantly restricted the legal room for members of the Trump administration to continue being less than forthright about their contacts with Russian officials and their associates. Litman wrote in a Times op-ed article this week:
Why has the truth emerged now? A careful parsing of the events of the last few days points to the importance of the federal criminal investigation overseen by Special Counsel Robert S. Mueller III. His behind-the-scenes work already has changed the rules of the game for the White House and contributed to a more accurate public accounting. The New York Times, which broke the story, reports that it was Kushner's legal team that recently discovered the now-infamous email chain in which Trump Jr. was told that a senior Russian government official had documents that “would incriminate Hillary and her dealings with Russia and would be very useful to your father,” to which Trump Jr. quickly replied, “If it's what you say I love it.” And here is where Mueller's investigation has rewritten the rule book for senior White House officials. To receive a security clearance, Kushner had to complete a form — the SF-86 — detailing, under penalty of perjury, every contact he had with foreign government officials in the last seven years.... Absent the special counsel investigation and the potential legal jeopardy for Kushner, the email chain very possibly would never have seen the light of day. Indeed, President Trump and Trump Jr. at first decided to provide a dishonest account of the June 2016 meeting, omitting the offer of dirt on the Clinton campaign. It was only after further reporting in the New York Times and finally its plan to publish the actual emails that Trump Jr. fessed up. The threats represented by the Mueller investigation are having additional consequences within the White House, familiar to veterans of previous scandals. Multiple accounts suggest that the Trump Jr. emails have given rise to a circular firing squad in the West Wing that we are told features widespread suspicions of Kushner. These kinds of effects will only get worse than Mueller's work advances. >> Click here to read more
At long last, we have a smoking gun. There's still plenty we don't know, writes columnist Doyle McManus , but the Trump Jr. emails are irrefutable evidence that the president's campaign eagerly sought Russia's help. That, along with ample circumstantial evidence and statements, newly revealed to be lies, that no one in the campaign had any contact with the Russians, make it much more likely that if the Trump campaign did anything wrong, Mueller's investigation will find out about it. L.A. Times
It should be clear to Trump now: This isn't a witch hunt, much less the worst one in political history, as the president has claimed. The Times Editorial Board encourages Trump to “take a vow of silence on this subject and let the investigations take their course,” and as editorial writer Michael McGough notes, even the president's own nominee to head the FBI declared in his Senate confirmation hearing that it would be improper for the White House to intervene in a Russia investigation. Firing ex-FBI Director James Comey might have relieved Trump of “great pressure,” McGough writes, but not for long.
Meet the new Democrats , just as boring as the old ones. Melissa Batchelor Warnke went to a “Resistance Summer” rally in Los Angeles put on by the Democratic National Committee, an event she says shows how ill-prepared party leaders are to do anything but oppose the president. Many in attendance wanted the party to articulate supportive positions on single-payer healthcare and immigration reform — but what the Democrats were there to offer was little more than Republican-bashing. L.A. Times
Jerry Brown has a complicated relationship with the left on cap and trade. “I am really tired of these people peddling their propaganda” — and Brown wasn't talking about big polluters, some of whom are on board with the governor ahead of Monday's vote in the state Legislature on renewing California's cap-and-trade program. Environmental activists decry Brown's plan as a giveaway to Big Oil, but the governor appears intent on showing the rest of the country that a state as blue as California can forge a political consensus on something as divisive in Washington as climate change. Pacific Standard
Hold your outrage over the big raises for L.A. school board members. Yes, a 174% increase for some members may seem obscene, but their jobs are incredibly more demanding than when their salaries were set years ago. “This is the biggest district in the country with an elected board,” The Times Editorial Board writes. “And its job stretches beyond the students to their families, the employers who will or won't find the graduates worthy of hiring, and the larger regional economy that depends on having a well-educated workforce to attract good jobs to the area.” L.A. Times
Reach me: paul.thornton@latimes.com
Richmond, Virginia metallers LAMB OF GOD have announced their next U.S. headline tour, which kicks off Saturday, April 30 and features support from renowned rockers CLUTCH and hardcore/metal veterans CORROSION OF CONFORMITY. Throughout the tour, LAMB OF GOD will perform at several festivals, including Bonnaroo, Rock On The Range, Carolina Rebellion, Welcome To Rockville and Rock 'N Derby.
A special BLABBERMOUTH.NET presale will take place on Tuesday, February 9 from 2:00 p.m. until Thursday, February 11 at 10:00 p.m. local time. When prompted, type in the presale code "LOGBBM" to access tickets before the general public.
Public on-sale begins Friday, February 12 at 10:00 a.m. local time.
The dates are as follows:
Apr. 30 - Fort Myers, FL @ JetBlue Park - Fort Rock
May 01 - Jacksonville, FL @ Metropolitan Park - Welcome to Rockville
May 03 - New Orleans, LA @ The Orpheum
May 04 - Memphis, TN @ Minglewood Hall
May 07 - Concord, NC @ Charlotte Motor Speedway - Carolina Rebellion
May 08 - Reading, PA @ Reading Eagle Theatre
May 09 - Portland, ME @ State Theatre
May 10 - Boston, MA @ House of Blues Boston
May 12 - St Louis, MO @ The Pageant
May 13 - Council Bluffs, IA @ Westfair Amphitheater - 89.7 The River's Rockfest (KIWR)
May 14 - Somerset, WI @ Somerset Amphitheater - Northern Invasion
May 16 - Binghamton, NY @ Magic City Music Hall
May 17 - Huntington, NY @ The Paramount
May 19 - Toronto, ON @ TD Echo Beach
May 20 - Schaghticoke, NY @ Schaghticoke Fairgrounds - Rock 'N Derby
May 21 - Columbus, OH @ MAPFRE Stadium - Rock On The Range
May 23 - Wichita, KS @ The Cotillion
May 24 - Morrison, CO @ Red Rocks Amphitheatre
May 25 - Salt Lake City, UT @ The Complex
May 27 - Phoenix, AZ @ Comerica Theatre
May 28 - Pomona, CA @ Fox Theater Pomona
May 29 - Oakland, CA @ Fox Theater
May 31 - Seattle, WA @ WaMu Theater at CenturyLink Field Events Center
Jun. 01 - Vancouver, BC @ Queen Elizabeth Theatre
Jun. 02 - Penticton, BC @ South Okanagan Events Centre
Jun. 04 - Calgary, AB @ Calgary Stampede Corral
Jun. 05 - Edmonton, AB @ Shaw Conference Centre
Jun. 06 - Saskatoon, SK @ Saskatoon Prairieland Exhibition Park Hall A
Jun. 07 - Winnipeg, MB @ Burton Cummings Theatre
Jun. 11 - Manchester, TN @ Bonnaroo Music & Arts Festival - Bonnaroo
LAMB OF GOD's U.S. tour with ANTHRAX will come to a close in Los Angeles, California on February 12.
LAMB OF GOD's latest album, "VII: Sturm Und Drang", was released in July 2015 via Epic in the U.S. and Nuclear Blast Entertainment in all territories outside of North America. The CD was once again produced and mixed by Josh Wilbur with engineering by Wilbur, Nick Rowe and Kyle McAulay, and was recorded at NRG Recording Studios in North Hollywood, California and Suburban Soul Studios in Torrance, California.
CLUTCH's new album, "Psychic Warfare", debuted at No. 11 on The Billboard 200 chart, having shifted 26,000 equivalent album units in the week ending October 8, 2015.
"Psychic Warfare" was released on October 2 via CLUTCH's own label Weathermaker Music. The CD consists of 12 new tracks.
"The title 'Psychic Warfare' is taken from the track 'X-Ray Visions'," stated singer Neil Fallon. "It's a tale about an unnamed protagonist who is forced to seek refuge in a flop house motel. He is hiding from several nefarious psychic forces, the worst of which is his own sleep-deprived paranoia."
The four-piece version of CORROSION OF CONFORMITY — featuring Pepper Keenan on guitar and vocals — recently inked a deal with Nuclear Blast Entertainment. The band will enter the studio late this winter/early spring with longtime producer John Custer. Custer has recorded such C.O.C. classics as "Deliverance", "Wiseblood", "America's Volume Dealer" and "In The Arms Of God". The as-yet-untitled-album will mark CORROSION OF CONFORMITY's studio reunion with Keenan and the Pepper-fronted version of C.O.C.'s first full-length record since 2005. A fall 2016 release is expected.
Keenan joined CORROSION OF CONFORMITY in 1990, but he did not become the band's lead singer until the recording of "Deliverance", which came out in 1994.
Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton on Thursday urged the Trump administration to end Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) — the Obama administration's executive effort to protect so-called DREAMers in the face of congressional inaction. If not, Paxton and 10 other statewide officials say they will take the administration to court.
Paxton's move comes in the wake of the Trump administration's decision to end Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (DAPA). The Trump administration recently announced a formal end to DAPA — which had been put on hold by the federal courts — and an expansion of DACA that President Obama had signed at the time.
But notably, the Trump administration has said that the original DACA program will continue.
On Thursday, Paxton — joined by nine other attorneys general and one governor — asked US Attorney General Jeff Sessions to end DACA altogether. What's more, they wrote, if the Trump administration doesn't end DACA by Sept. 5, they will amend the existing lawsuit against DAPA and the DACA expansion to include claims against the entire DACA program.
That lawsuit is before US District Judge Richard Hanen, who has repeatedly and harshly criticized the federal government's DAPA and DACA programs — and the Justice Department's defense of them.
Notably, Paxton's letter includes just 10 total states. The original DAPA and DACA expansion lawsuit included backing from 26 states — a drop off of 16.
Today's letter is signed by the attorneys general of Alabama, Arkansas, Idaho, Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, South Carolina, Tennessee, and West Virginia — as well as the governor of Idaho.
The states in the initial litigation that were not represented on Thursday's letter are: Arizona, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Maine, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, Nevada, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Dakota, Utah, and Wisconsin.
BBM for iPhone's newest beta has just received a major update. Along with Stickers in Group Chats, which came to BBM for BlackBerry and Android's beta, the Find Friend functionality has been improved. The biggest change to BBM for iPhone is in its UI. Check out the full change log below, and if you're a beta tester, check your email for the link to download.
New Features
Check out Stickers in Group Chats and Find Friends! These are highly anticipated features and we can't wait to hear what you think! Test them now:
· Stickers in Groups – You can now send stickers within group chats
· Find Friends – This improves the functionality of suggesting people you may know by making it easier to get started with BBM and add new contacts
· Updated UI – we have updated BBM to align with iOS8 native design.
· View Timed Messages Multiple Times: Tap-Hold to View, release and re-Tap-Hold View numerous times until the timer expires.
· Change the Time Availability of Messages: Remove the 15sec increment and add a 60sec increment.
Added gallery of images showing the new update:
Cruelty charges laid with police against Elephants of Eden park after video of animals' spirit being broken by abuse
A South African animal rights group on Tuesday accused an elephant park of cruelty after "horrific" video footage emerged of abusive training methods used on baby elephants.
"The footage shows elephant calves and juvenile elephants being chained, roped and stretched, shocked with electric cattle prods and hit with bull hooks," the National Council of Societies for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA) said.
This was done to break the animals' spirit so that they would obey humans, it said in a statement.
"The elephants show signs of crippling injuries with severely swollen legs and feet, debilitating abscesses and wounds," National Council of SPCAs inspector Wendy Willson said.
The video was taken on the premises of Elephants of Eden in the Eastern Cape where they were being trained for elephant-back safaris, she said.
Elephants being abused at Elephants of Eden/Knysna Elephant Park in South Africa Photograph: /NSPCA
"The calculated and premeditated cruelty of this nature that took place at this facility is a far cry from the loving sanctuary image that Elephants of Eden/Knysna Elephant Park like to portray," Willson said.
The SPCA said it laid cruelty charges with the police against Elephants of Eden, the Knysna Elephant Park, their directors and management.
If the case is brought to court and the directors and managers are convicted, they could face sentences of up to three years in jail on each charge and lose all their elephants, Willson told AFP.
"In simple terms; due to the size, intelligence and nature of elephants, training most often takes place through domination, and the breaking of the elephant's spirit," she said in the statement.
"In order to dominate or force one's will onto an animal such as the elephant, force needs to be applied and thus is a recipe for abuse.
"The captive elephant interaction industry is a form of tourism driven by greed and without any conservation benefit," she said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A wounded elephant at Eden/Knysna Elephant Park in South Africa Photograph: /NSPCA
A growing number of people in South Africa and around the world had been injured or killed as a result of the rebellion of trained elephants kept in captivity, the statement said.
"Elephants of Eden and the Knysna Elephant Park are no exceptions - at these facilities two elephant handlers have been killed and others have been seriously injured."
The SPCA was initially denied access to the park for an inspection and had to call for assistance from the police, the SPCA said.
The charity tournament for those affected by the Balkan flood will be dubbed Go4Balkan and it will be held this Saturday, May 24th. SteelSeries have joined the cause by throwing in plenty of prizes for those who donate.
A few days ago Faruk "pita" Pita announced that he will organize a charity tournament to help the victims of the flood that hit the Balkan region last week, mainly in his home country Bosnia & Herzegovina, Serbia and Croatia.
zet joins the Go4Balkan All-Star tourney
More information about the tournament is now available, as it scheduled to take place on Saturday, May 24th. The participants list has also been updated as few of the players had previous commitments on that day, and some others joined in the meantime - such as former NiP, SK and MYM star Marcus "zet" Sundström, as well as one of the best female players Zainab "zAAz" Turkie.
GeT_RiGhT GeT_RiGhT SpawN SpawN Neo Neo ScreaM ScreaM seized seized Snax Snax GuardiaN GuardiaN JW JW f0rest f0rest LEGIJA LEGIJA pita pita TaZ TaZ byali byali zAAz zAAz Fifflaren Fifflaren twist twist Xizt Xizt eksem eksem Delpan Delpan zet zet
SteelSeries have also joined the efforts as they will throw in plenty of their products that will be given away every 30 minutes during the tournament depending on the amount of collected donations.
It has been added that part of the money will also go to Croatian charity organizations, along with ones from Bosnia & Herzegovina and Serbia. The exact charities have not yet been decided.
Pita will together with Christopher "GeT_RiGhT" Alesund and Abdisamad "SpawN" Mohamed draw the teams today at Inferno Online, while the tournament is set to start on Saturday, May 24th at 15:00.
Popular books applying Darwinian logic to everything from religion to dating to dealmaking may fly off the shelves, but attempts to apply evolutionary theory to literary analysis tend to make novelists, English professors and other humanist types break out in hives.
So I was interested to receive a copy of William Flesch's new book, “Comeuppance: Costly Signaling, Altruistic Punishment, and Other Biological Components of Fiction” (Harvard University Press), blurbed by no less stout a guardian of the humanistic tradition than Harold Bloom as a “fresh account of the workings of high literature.”
Most so-called literary Darwinists — who are usually scientists first, and students of literature second (and often quite superficially) — argue that narrative evolved because it helps us to rehearse how we might behave in various hypothetic situations, or because it expands our capacity for human sympathy, a version of Matthew Arnold's “sweetness and light.” Flesch, an English professor at Brandeis who cites E.O. Wilson and Robert Trivers as fluently as “Richard III” and “The Maltese Falcon,” asks a deeper question: Just why are human beings universally capable of deep absorption in narratives about people who are made up, or whose fates are so irrelevant to ours that they might as well be? (At this point, who among us can be sure that Britney Spears actually exists?) Literature — like movies and soap operas and gossip — may instruct, but we gobble it up because it delights.
Our pleasure in narrative, in Flesch's account, has a double edge. On the one hand, we enjoy seeing bad guys — “defectors” or “cheaters,” in the jargon of evolutionary psychology — punished. But we do this not out of sadism, but out of an ingrained, evolved desire to affirm our shared moral community and to shore up the group. (Flesch cites a lot of classic research from game theory to back up this point, and digs into the decades-long debate over the evolution of altruism; among other things, his book is a challenge to Richard Dawkins's idea of the selfish gene.) But equally powerful is our desire to make sure that those who observe wrongdoing do in fact punish it, often at a great cost to themselves. These are what Flesch calls “altruistic punishers,” and he counts among their numbers everyone from Moses, Achilles, Odysseus, Quixote, “many Shakespearean heroes,” Emma Woodhouse, Daniel Deronda, most of Henry James's heroines, Ahab and Ishmael to “almost any modern detective, and almost any modern superhero.” We “instinctively approve of what altruistic punishers do,” Flesch writes, and, thanks to our evolved capacity to track complex social relationships and monitor reputations, we are “constituted to observe what they do with some attention.” Narrative, he argues, is both about the monitoring of cheaters and punishers, and a reenactment of that monitoring.
That summary doesn't do justice to the complexity and texture of Flesch's arguments. And it leaves out the comeuppance, so to speak, that Flesch himself aims to deliver to some on the other side of the science-humanities divide. While his book is clearly written for skeptical colleagues in literature departments, Flesch also scolds those more reductionist evolutionary thinkers who have taken an interest in “explaining” literature but assume that it cannot possibly be “as subtle and deep as the best literary criticism takes it to be.” “Comeuppance” is hardly an easy read, but readers from both of the two cultures would do well to take a look.
NEW DELHI: Doordarshan will be launching a weekly news programme in Sanskrit on June 28, coinciding with the World Sanskrit Conference starting in Bangkok the same day."DDNews will launch half hour News Mag in Sanskrit from June 28, Sunday, 12 noon to coincide with World Sanskrit Confn, Bangkok starting that day," Prasar Bharti Chairman A Surya Prakash said on Twitter The 16th World Sanskrit Conference is being organised in Bangkok from June 28 to July 2. Union Ministers Sushma Swaraj and Smriti Irani are expected to attend the event.Officials say there have been demands from a section of viewers for a news programme in Sanskrit and DD News being the public broadcaster, wants to cater to this demand and will be launching the programme in order to attract a niche audience.The channel already has a five minute Sanskrit news bulletin -- 'Varta' -- which is telecast at 6.55 pm everyday.However, it was felt that five minutes was not adequate and hence this half an and hour programme for weekends will be launched.The programme has news, reportage, features and discussions in Sanskrit and on basis of the response from the show, the public broadcaster would consider its future plan of action, according to sources.
The City Council is set to drone on about some drones.
Queens Councilman Paul Vallone said yesterday he is drafting legislation that will seek to regulate the number of illegal drones flying around New York City. The Queens district attorney's office approached Mr. Vallone about clamping down on the unmanned aircraft, which Mr. Vallone said fly dangerously close NYPD helicopters, LaGuardia Airport and Citi Field.
“The first thing is to give the police department and fire department the ability to make a decision about drones without restriction. They should be allowed to take whatever measure necessary to regulate them,” Mr. Vallone told The Observer.
The goal of the legislation would be to empower authorities to better enforce Federal Aviation Authority Law regarding drones. The FAA bans drones for commercial use, though hobbyists are allowed to fly them in parks no higher than 400 feet. Mr. Vallone said city authorities currently have little guidance about enforcing these regulations.
Mr. Vallone also wants to introduce more local regulations to mirror federal law that would ensure the city is protected from any potential terrorist threats. The United States and other countries now use drones to carry out attacks on enemies.
“It's the City of New York. There's a bullseye on our backs,” he said.
Mr. Vallone said the primary inspiration for the bill, however, was an incident this week where a toy drone flew very close to an NYPD helicopter over the George Washington Bridge.
Mr. Vallone said he will meet with Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito to discuss the legislation today. His goal is to have a hearing next month to move the legislation as quickly as possible.
A spokesman for Ms. Mark-Viverito said she would review the legislation.
Patience, savvy key to finding funding Business owners can get grants by keeping their ear to the ground
“Jersey City has expanded incredibly in just the last three years and there are a lot of people who live in the downtown area but get their beauty services done in the city because there are no salons offering hours that are convenient for commuters,” David said. “I'll be open seven days a week and open longer hours to accommodate the large number of people who are commuting to the city every day.”
While she's an expert on cuts and color, David realized she was less of an expert on cash flow and contracts. She contacted the Newark-based Women's Center for Entrepreneurship Corp., or WCEC, where she entered the Supplementary Entrepreneurial Establishment Dollars program.
The yearlong S.E.E.D. program, as it's also know, includes seminars and classes on everything from business planning to public speaking.
The S.E.E.D. program also holds a business plan competition that offers five program graduates a grant funded in part from the state's New Jersey Office of Faith Based Initiatives.
David won the third-place prize — a grant for $4,000.
From a big picture perspective, $4,000 to open a brick-and-mortar business may not seem significant. But for David, who gathered additional capital from a few sources, the grant helped her make sound decisions about some of her subjective, variable startup costs.
“The grant gave me the opportunity to buy high-end equipment that I probably would have passed on,” David said. “While I was seeking the rest of my startup money and talking to investors, a large chunk of my equipment already was purchased, which made me more attractive to investors.”
A hair salon getting seed capital from the New Jersey Office of Faith Based Initiatives is just one example of the unexpected places small business owners can find financial assistance.
And where a small business can find funding one day, it can find a closed door the next. For entrepreneurs who rely on state funding to keep the lights on, keeping up with the available grants is like playing a game of Whac-A-Mole.
Mary Potasek is a co-founder and president of Newark-based Simphotek.
Founded in 2008, the company offers technical software packages used by the medicine, telecommunications and energy industries for using or calculating laser light.
State lenders step in when grants dry up
While small businesses' opportunities for state grants rise and fall like the tide, the state Economic Development Authority does offer funding to support commercial loans and microloans to qualified businesses.
The EDA's Small Business Fund provides financial assistance to qualified small, minority- or women-owned businesses through direct loans, participations or guarantees, with fixed interest rates. More than $12 million has been provided to 50 businesses through the Small Business Fund since 2010, with an average loan size of more than $240,000.
The EDA also has a “Loans to Lenders” program that provides loans through nonprofit third-party lenders known as Community Development Financial Institutions, or CDFI.
Since 2010, CDFIs across the state have provided more than $1.5 million in loans to small businesses through Loans to Lenders funding, and more than 50 percent of the businesses supported are minority- or women-owned.
One such CDFI is the UCEDC, a Cranford-based nonprofit economic development corporation.
“Some banks won't lend to startups,” said Ellen McHenry, senior director of financial programs at UCEDC. “Businesses may be doing well, but may only be 18 to 21 months in business so they can't get a bank loan. They may have a lot of customers, but they need additional cash to buy inventory.”
Shirley Corsey owned a health care IT consultancy business when she decided to open a medical coding and electronic health record training school in Camden County.
Through the UCEDC, she took advantage of the Community Advantage program, which helps businesses that have been open for a while, but may not have the collateral for a loan. The Community Advantage program offers loans between $50,000 and $250,000 that are funded by the state and issued through the CDFIs.
“It's been about two and a half years since I got my loan, and I've been able to use it wisely,” Corsey said. “That loan was really the spark I needed to get my school up and running. The state of New Jersey has some great programs. And if you aren't in it, you don't now about them. You have to go after these programs. As small business owners, these are the things we need to get going.”
Currently, Simphotek's main emphasis is on software for laser-assisted cancer treatment.
“In our company's formative years, we were fortunate enough to receive state grants,” Potasek said. “But, the state cut out nearly all that grant money several years ago.”
The list of state grants Potasek's business received that have now dried up include: New Jersey Commission on Science & Technology or NJCST Bridge Grant, NJCST Incubator Seed Fund and Edison Innovation R&D.
“We've offset the loss of state grant money with federal money and by reducing our salaries to practically nothing,” she said. “It's been a difficult funding situation.”
According to Potasek, neighboring states have maintained their small business grant programs, making it increasingly attractive for some small businesses to pull up stakes from New Jersey.
“I see a difficult road ahead for New Jersey small businesses,” Potasek said.
For small businesses not leveraging state grants for sustenance, but for growth, savvy entrepreneurs keep their ears to the ground and their eyes on the headlines.
Shirley Corsey, founder and managing director of Health Care Information Technology School of New Jersey, based in Cedar Brook, recently received a grant from the state Department of Labor and Workforce Development as part of the Atlantic City Re-employment initiative.
“Because I followed the news about the casinos closing in Atlantic City, I found out U.S. Congressman Frank LoBiondo and U.S. Sen. Cory Booker got $29 million for the state Department of Labor and Workforce Development to provide grants for training programs for unemployed casino workers and other affected workers in the area,” Corsey said.
Corsey was awarded $85,230 to provide medical coding training for the Atlantic City-area workers.
“I don't get intimidated by paperwork,” she said. “It's a lot of work and I don't have a magic wand. When I wrote the proposal for this grant, I focused on my ICD-10 coding curriculum because I knew that was going to be the next in-demand workforce in the health care industry.”
Corsey added ICD-10 medical coding curriculum to her school in March. For the last 30 years, medical offices and hospitals used the ICD-9 coding system as a means to bill insurance companies for their services. As of 2015, that code has completely changed and is now called ICD-D. This sizable shift in the medical coding field opened up a lot of opportunities for people who know the new codes.
Since being awarded the grant money in June, Corsey opened an office in Atlantic County.
“This business, for me, is so rewarding,” Corsey said. “With my curriculum and the way I deliver it, I really feel like a pioneer. Health care IT was a great career for me and now I have a school where I help a lot of other women advance in the careers as well.”
E-mail to: dariam@njbiz.com
On Twitter: @dariameoli
FOREIGNERS have long been attracted to Sapa and its surrounding mountains in the far north of Vietnam. First it was the French colonists, who built a hill station there. More recently it has been tourists, who come to enjoy the stunning landscape of terraced rice paddies and the colourful world of the Hmong tribes, with their distinctive red, black or “flower” dress. But now, it seems, another type of visitor is finding this territory attractive: gangs of kidnappers who snatch young Hmong women for sale as brides across the border in China.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The kidnapping has been going on for some time, and locals talk of a number of cases so far this year. The abductions follow a pattern: a Hmong girl is wooed by an out-of-towner—whether from Vietnam or China is not clear—who speaks her language. She is lured to a rendezvous to be drugged and smuggled into China, probably near Lao Cai, about an hour's drive from Sapa. Tall, pretty girls are said to be particular targets.
One 18-year-old recently managed to get back home to tell her tale after a four-day ordeal. Held captive in China, she escaped through a window and contacted the Chinese police, who returned her to Vietnam. Most do not escape. One of those kidnapped last month was a married woman with a son; friends fear her family may never see her again.
There is some tradition of bride-kidnapping among the Hmong themselves, but this gangsterised, cross-border variety is especially cruel. Village girls with little knowledge of the outside world tend to be trusting. And the kidnappers seem to operate with impunity—even, according to one account, seeking a reward for returning two underage girls whom they had failed to sell in China.
Within China itself, the abduction and sale of women has long been recognised as a prevalent social evil. Three decades of strict family-planning policies have exacerbated a traditional preference for boy children and contributed to a shortage of marriageable women.
Relations between Vietnam and China along their 1,300km (800-mile) border have improved: last month officials from the two countries, which fought a brief but bloody border war in 1979, completed a seven-year effort to demarcate the frontier. This, they hope, will open the way for increased links of various sorts. Stepped-up police co-operation to stamp out an evil little trade in Hmong women would be a good start.
Rob Reiner -- MSNBC screen shot
Filmmaker Rob Reiner took the television executives and political reporters to task for their coverage of Donald Trump on MSNBC Saturday morning, saying they're more interested in making money than subjecting the president-elect to serious scrutiny.
Appearing on AM Joy, Reiner told host Joy Reid that political reporters continue to treat Trump as if he is an entertainer and that their bosses are fine with it because it adds to their bottom line.
“You look during the primary battle, he got free media,” Reiner explained. “He could call into Morning Joe anytime he wanted. They chatted away, like he wasn't a serious candidate, a celebrity good for ratings. I will never forget what [CBS head} Les Moonves said, ‘Donald Trump is bad for the country but good for CBS.' That to me is very very cynical.”
According to Reiner, things are not going to get better when it comes to covering Trump's continuing involvement with his business when it comes to dealing with foreign governments.
“All these journalistic precepts are out the window,” he continued. “It's very very scary. We're about to give him a free pass again. he is going to break — you had a guest on earlier, painter, who said basically he will break the emoluments clause and run afoul of the U.S. Constitution. What will happen? Will we let that go?”
Watch the video below via MSNBC:
Video: chimps caught on camera teaching and learning By By Tim Sandle Oct 5, 2014 in Science Scientists have captured stunning footage of wild chimpanzees teaching each other to use tools. The researchers argue that the primates are engaging in social learning. In the video, chimps are seen using clumps of moss as tools to soak up and drink water. As more experienced apes engaged in “moss-sponging,” younger chimps look on and later they are seen to imitate the behavior of the adults, in order to quench their own thirsts. The learned behavior then spread throughout the community. The researchers concluded that the chimps are transmitting the group-specific behaviors via social learning. Discussing the video, Thibaud Gruber, a primatologist from the University of Neuchâtel in Switzerland, told In another interview, this time with The researchers have also In related research, Biologists have captured wild chimpanzees transmitting knowledge to one another in a video. Analysis of the footage indicates that chimps may have “cultures” that spread throughout populations. The video is of chimps that live in the Budongo Forest of Uganda.In the video, chimps are seen using clumps of moss as tools to soak up and drink water. As more experienced apes engaged in “moss-sponging,” younger chimps look on and later they are seen to imitate the behavior of the adults, in order to quench their own thirsts. The learned behavior then spread throughout the community. The researchers concluded that the chimps are transmitting the group-specific behaviors via social learning.Discussing the video, Thibaud Gruber, a primatologist from the University of Neuchâtel in Switzerland, told The Verge : “The chimpanzees just decided to display this novel behavior right in front of us and we only needed our camcorders to capture the scenes.”In another interview, this time with the BBC , Catherine Hobaiter, from the University of St. Andrews, said: "It was just this wonderfully clear example of social learning that no-one had in the wild before."The researchers have also published a paper in PLOS Biology, titled "Social Network Analysis Shows Direct Evidence for Social Transmission of Tool Use in Wild Chimpanzees."In related research, Digital Journal recently reported that chimpanzees may reinforce social bonds with each other by involuntarily mimicking a fellow chimp's pupil size. More about Chimpanzee, Chimps, Apes, Jungle More news from Chimpanzee Chimps Apes Jungle
As officials with the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources try to rebuild the walleye population of Mille Lacs and other lakes, they may find it even more difficult to rebuild public trust.
"It seems like wherever you go, the DNR is getting bashed over something or other," said former DNR employee Dick Sternberg. "It's really a no-win job."
The agency's mission is to work with the public to conserve and manage the state's resources, but that can lead to conflicts over fishing and hunting limits, invasive species prevention and the use of trails and parks.
Sternberg said the DNR is in a tough position because the dynamics of lakes, forests and prairies can change over time. In many cases, those changes aren't easily explained.
"You have issues that really can't be solved easily, like people would like to have them," he said. "They are more complex, and people don't understand those complexities."
Sternberg has long criticized the DNR's approach to managing walleye in Lake Mille Lacs. And he is by no means the only one.
Driving around Lake Mille Lacs, it's hard to miss the frustration with the DNR. At some resorts you can buy T-shirts that feature a middle finger sticking up at the DNR. The shirts were made when the agency limited this year's walleye catch on Mille Lacs to one fish — and then ended the lake's walleye season altogether.
A lone boat sat in view on Lake Mille Lacs near Garrison in August. Tom Scheck | MPR News
"There's not a lot of trust up here with the DNR at this point," said Steve Johnson, owner of Johnson's Portside, a bait shop and convenience store in Isle, Minn.
Johnson is active in his community — serving on the Mille Lacs Tourism Board, the county planning commission, the township board and the Mille Lacs fisheries input group — so he has a good sense of where the public stands on the DNR.
"Out of all of the years that I have ever been here," he said, "this is the worst year as far as the polarization goes."
Johnson offered a long list of grievances against the DNR. He disagrees with the department's assessment of the walleye population in the lake. He said the DNR doesn't listen to those who regularly fish the lake. He said he believes the agency is focused more on politics than on science.
But the biggest beef Johnson and others have with the DNR is the way it manages the walleye harvest on the lake with Native American Tribes.
In 1999, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that an 1837 treaty guarantees the tribes the right to fish Mille Lacs using spears and nets. Those practices, primarily gill netting during the spring mating season, have become the chief concern of resort owners. They say the DNR is not being honest about the impact of tribal fishing on the walleye population.
"It's the only subject that they'll give a definitive answer to," Johnson said. "The answer is 'No, springtime gill netting in the spawning grounds does not affect the population of the lake.'"
Johnson acknowledged the DNR lacks proof that gill netting has caused the walleye's disappearance, but he and others think the department should continue to study the possibility.
Tom Landwehr Rachel Woolf | Star Tribune via AP
DNR Commissioner Tom Landwehr insists the department has studied the reasons behind the decline in the walleye population, and there is no simple answer.
"I don't think people understand that we can't just turn knobs on the front of the lake, like you would on a DVD to adjust the volume or whatever," he said. "We have very limited ability to influence the lake, and I think people don't appreciate that that's the case. I think people believe that we have a greater level of management authority than we do."
DNR scientists say climate change, invasive species, cormorants and cleaner water in the lake could all be factors in the walleye drop-off. That allows everyone to second-guess the agency's science, its decision to close the walleye season on Mille Lacs and the process used to determine the fish population.
Linda Eno, who owns Twin Pines Resort in Garrison, Minn., is one of the most vocal critics of the DNR. She's dismayed that the DNR negotiates the annual fish harvest with the tribes in private.
Linda Eno, owner of Twin Pines Resort Tom Scheck | MPR News
"You ask why I don't trust the DNR," she said. "Well, they go into a closed meeting and negotiate my livelihood and the state of Minnesota's resources away, to put it simply."
Eno and others say they understand that treaty rights allow the tribes to net, but they're frustrated that it's done during spawning season. They want the DNR to invoke a clause in the treaty with the tribes that allows the DNR to stop gill netting during mating season for the sake of conservation. But DNR Commissioner Landwehr said the agency can't do that without science to back up the claim.
"It's an easy thing for people to point out because at some level they don't like it," he said. "But at the end of the day, the data doesn't support that it's a problem."
Gill netting is a hot-button issue around the lake for everyone worried about the walleye population. And the DNR is getting the brunt of the flak.
DNR records show that fisheries biologist Don Pereira was worried enough about one email regarding gill netting that he asked in July whether he should forward threatening messages to police in "case someone goes off."
DNR officials hope their outreach plans for the lake will stem some of the anger and restore public trust.
Landwehr said the agency plans to build a fisheries facility on the lake and send more staff to the area. He also said the department is planning a pilot program to stock the lake and hopes to appoint an advisory committee of community members. Landwehr also said he hopes to open up the technical meetings with the tribes to increase transparency.
But a few of those suggestions are raising concerns from the Native American tribes.
"The rush to satisfy things from a political perspective should not short-circuit the type of biological and scientific analysis that needs to be done," said Jim Zorn, executive administrator for the Great Lakes Indian Fish and Wildlife Commission. He said any plans to stock the lake or open up the technical committee meetings need to be negotiated with the tribes.
Zorn also took issue with allegations that gill netting is damaging the fish harvest. People upset about the situation on Mille Lacs "should be looking for solutions instead of blaming the tribes or the DNR," he said.
"You get a lot of dog-kicking," he said. "You look for the easiest target to start kicking, just because you don't like reality and you want to wish it away. The fact is that we can't wish away the tribe's treaty rights. We can't wish away the factors that are contributing to the walleye decline, and all we can do is figure out a way to work together to solve them."
But that is no easy task. Resort owners are anxious about whether the DNR will forbid ice fishing on Mille Lacs this winter. A ban could put them out of business, they say. And some, including Linda Eno from Twin Pines Resort, are reluctant to embrace the DNR's outreach.
"We don't need more DNR folks," she said. "We don't need a DNR building on this lake. Twenty miles away in Aitkin is plenty close."
Commissioner Landwehr said the DNR won't release its plans for the ice-fishing season on Mille Lacs until later this fall.
Editor's note: This report was updated at 10:30 a.m. Thursday to clarify that Dick Sternberg has been a longtime critic of the DNR's management of Lake Mille Lacs.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ROSEVILLE -- A local boy's 12th birthday wish came true when he was surprised with a party that was attended by some adorable guests.
Cierra Baumunk planned her son's entire celebration, which took place Saturday at the Pet Food Express in Roseville. She went with a theme she knew her son, Hayden, would be the most excited by -- pugs.
Local pet owners and the Pug Rescue of Sacramento brought hundreds of pugs to join in on the fun.
Hayden's mother was grateful to all of the people who stepped up to surprise her son, who is on the autism spectrum. But Baumunk said she did not want to focus on that aspect of her son's life during his special day.
In another big surprise, an anonymous stranger donated a pug to the family. Hayden decided to name him Pumpkin.
JERSEY CITY -- A man went to Newport Mall this weekend, but it evidently wasn't to shop.
At about 7:30 p.m., police met with a JC Penney manager who said multiple customers complained that a man may have been "pleasuring himself" inside the men's room.
The manager told police that when he went inside the restroom, he saw a man standing at a urinal with his "arm moving in a repetitive motion." The suspect did not say anything to the manager and left the store, according to the report.
The manager told police he looked at video from a nearby security camera and found the suspect had entered the restroom at 4:43 p.m. and did not leave until 5:52 p.m., police said.
The manager wanted to file a report about the incident and was told to call police if the suspect returned, the report states.
-
Law Enforcement Lectures and Classes DOWNLOAD A PRINTABLE BROCHURE HERE Noreen has lectured and given classes at a wide variety of law enforcement agencies and criminal justice institutions. A partial list: Florida Division of International Association for Identification Orlando, Florida The 2nd International Seminar on Advancing The Scientific Investigation of Crimes Durham, England (Sponsored by THE BRITISH COUNCIL) Sarasota Police Department Sarasota, Florida St. Louis County & Municipal Police Academy Wellston, Missouri Southwest Florida Criminal Justice Academy Fort Myers, Florida Law Enforcement & Corrections Third International Conference Miami, Florida Central Florida Criminal Justice Institute Orlando, Florida Institute of Police Technology & Management Jacksonville, Florida READ MORE... The Virginia Bureau of Forensic Science Richmond, Virginia F.B.I. Academy Quantico, Virginia Peninsula/Tidewater Regional Academy of Criminal Justice Hampton, Virginia University of Delaware, Division of Continuing Education, Wilmington, Delaware Noreen Renier is not your run-of-the-mill psychic detective. Renier considers herself a born skeptic. But the sudden onset of her psychic abilities changed not only her beliefs but the course of her life and career. As she followed her new path to see where it might lead, she found herself with a remarkable career spanning more than two decades and still going strong. Her work helping distraught clients and police with dead-end cases has been the subject of numerous media stories, and her cases have been featured in television documentaries and true crime books. Her integrity has been backed repeatedly by FBI and police officials, and Court TV online recently called her "the most credible psychic out there." Noreen Renier's engaging lecture and engrossing personal account of how she began her work on some of the many murder and missing persons cases she has been asked to investigate. This fascinating first-person true crime lecture brings the audience directly into Noreen's world---in which reliving emotionally shattering and physically violent experiences is part of the job---and underscores the humor and courage of this truly original woman. This police psychic will intrigue and entertain you. The Presentation Ms. Renier can present anything from an hour-long lecture to an all day seminar. She is happy to present, among other things: Spouses Programs
Luncheon Speaker
Crime Clinics
Seminars For booking or inquiries, please contact Ms. Renier via the contact page. DOWNLOAD THE BROCHURE HERE!!!
Green Flag Waves For 2014 NASCAR PEAK Antifreeze Series on February 25
Bedford, MA (February 21, 2014) – iRacing.com and PEAK® Antifreeze/Coolant announced today that PEAK will sponsor iRacing's top NASCAR online racing championship series for the next three years. Starting on February 25th, the NASCAR PEAK Antifreeze Series powered by iRacing.com will see the world's top sim-racers compete for more than $20,000 in cash and prizes in precise digital models of Generation-6 stock cars over a 17-race schedule. The series will feature iRacing's laser-scanned versions of some of NASCAR's most challenging tracks.
Every event in NASCAR's only officially-sanctioned online world championship will be broadcast on iRacing.com and simulcast on the Motor Racing Network (MRN.com) and New England Sports Network (NESN.com).
“Online racing has become a valuable tool for a growing number of NASCAR drivers who utilize the technology to hone their skills,” said Blake Davidson, Vice President of Licensing and Consumer Goods, NASCAR. “The new partnership between iRacing and PEAK Antifreeze ensures that online racing will continue to grow for years to come and become further integrated into our sport.”
“Our title sponsorship of the NASCAR PEAK Antifreeze Series complements our historic involvement in motorsports, and serves as an ideal vehicle to increase PEAK's brand exposure to a new fan base of racing enthusiasts participating in the sport through online racing,” added Bryan Emrich, Chief Marketing Officer for Old World Industries, the parent company of PEAK Antifreeze/Coolant. “The competitive quality of iRacing's pinnacle stock car series is a natural fit for the PEAK brand, and we think that iRacing members and virtual racers will enjoy putting their skills to the test in the series.”
The 2014 NASCAR PEAK Antifreeze Series kicks off at the virtual Daytona International Speedway at 9 p.m. (EST) on Tuesday, February 25th. Defending NASCAR iRacing champion Tyler D. Hudson (Brandon, MS) is looking to secure his second consecutive crown, while 2011-12 champion Ray Alfalla (Cape Coral, FL) will be out to avenge last season's loss with a third title.
“This is exciting news for iRacing and our 50,000 members worldwide,” said iRacing Tony Gardner, President of iRacing.com. “Our partnerships with NASCAR and PEAK speak not only to the authenticity of our cars, tracks and races, but also to iRacing's popularity among racers of all stripes around the world. We can't wait for the green flag to wave on the 2014 NASCAR PEAK Antifreeze Series.”
PEAK and iRacing joined forces earlier in 2014 to give the best virtual stock car racers a chance to compete in year two of the PEAK Stock Car Dream Challenge, a nationwide search to find an amateur racer who has what it takes to be a professional driver. PEAK has been actively involved in motorsports for more than 30 years, showcasing the excellence and competitive quality of its products through NASCAR, the NHRA, the TORC short course off-road series, and other motorsports series important to its customers. In 2013, PEAK joined Michael Waltrip Racing to become a primary sponsor on Clint Bowyer's No. 15 Toyota for three races in each of the next three NASCAR Sprint Cup seasons. The company's BlueDEF® Diesel Exhaust Fluid brand will be the primary sponsor on Michael Waltrip's No. 66 Toyota in the Daytona 500. PEAK is also featured as an associate sponsor on the No. 55 and No. 66 cars.
Go to www.iracing.com to learn more about the NASCAR PEAK Antifreeze Series and how you can join the nearly 50,000 iRacers in over 100 countries competing online.
Najim Laachraoui, left, Brahim el-Bakraoui, center, and an unidentified suspect. | CCTV via Belgian police Belgium arrests man, denies it's Najim Laachraoui Najim Laachraoui was already wanted in connection with November's Paris attacks.
Belgian police arrested someone suspected of involvement with Tuesday's bomb attacks in Brussels, the Belgian prosecutor said Wednesday.
Federal prosecutor Frédéric Van Leeuw said Belgian-born Brahim el-Bakraoui carried out the airport attack, which killed at least 11 people, together with a second suicide bomber who has not yet been publicly identified. His brother Khalid el-Bakraoui detonated a bomb on a subway train at Maalbeek station in the heart of the city's EU district, killing at least 20 people. The el-Bakraoui brothers had police records, the prosecutor said, but did not previously have known links to terrorism.
A third suspect, captured on CCTV shortly before the blasts, fled the scene without detonating his bag of explosives and was still at large, Van Leeuw said.
“The person with the clear-colored vest has disappeared. His bag had contained the most important explosive device. The person has not been identified and is still being looked for,” the prosecutor said.
Security officials denied reports that Najim Laachraoui — who has also been linked to the preparations for the Paris attacks last November — was detained in Anderlecht.
The Washington Post later reported that Laachraoui was the second suicide bomber at Zaventem airport, citing an Arab intelligence official and a European intelligence official, both unnamed. Belgian media also reported that Laachraoui had blown himself up citing anonymous sources.
Laachraoui was already wanted by police after he was linked to the Paris attacks in November.
This article has been updated to reflect conflicting reports about the status of Najim Laachraoui.
Eve-kill.net this week recorded a player killed while transporting 84 PLEX items. The player, Ozuwara Ozuwara of the State War Academy corporation was killed by player Diorden at about 3:30pm in the high security sector of The Forge, while piloting a rookie ship Ibis outfitted with virtually nothing.
Unfortunately for the attacker, all of the PLEX was vaporized in the explosion, leaving nothing behind to loot. The total in-game value amounted to 70 billion ISK. PLEX costs $19.95 at its highest price per unit, making the real money value somewhere between $1,469.58 and $1,675.80.
PLEX, which stands for Pilot License EXtension, is an item in Eve Online that can only be purchased in the game's cash shop, and is redeemable for 30 days of game time. The item exists within the Eve Online world and can be looted from ships.
Even more incredible is the fact that this isn't the most valuable kill in the past seven days. The most valuable goes to a Leviathan owned by Goonswarm that saw 106 billion ISK (valued at $2,100 USD).
(Source: PCGamesN)
Advertisements
A Miami journalist has recovered video of police officers arresting him after it was deleted from his camera. The man was covering a police effort to evict Occupy Miami protestors. He plans to file a complaint with the police department and with the United States Department of Justice.
On January 31, Miami police evicted Occupy Miami protesters from their downtown campsite. On hand to cover the action was photojournalist Carlos Miller. Along with protestors and other journalists, he was pushed down the street by a line of police in riot gear. He tried to circle around the block to return to his car, but he found his path blocked by a second line of police officers.
The police weren't arresting the other journalists around him, so Miller said he assumed he would be allowed to cross this second line of officers to return to his car. But when he approached one of the officers, he was stopped and placed under arrest. Upon his release the following morning, he found that several videos he had taken, including the one documenting his arrest, had disappeared.
Miller has since recovered some of the missing video, and it appears to back up his story. Though some crucial sequences are missing, the video shows Miller approaching a female police officer, who blocks his path and then calls other officers over to help arrest him.
"You were given a dispersal order, sir, and you were told you were gonna be placed under arrest," she told Miller in the video. "We don't want to have to hurt you," she said.
"I'm not doing anything," Miller responded. "I'm not resisting."
Constitutional violation?
Miller is a member of the National Press Photographers Association. The organization's general counsel, Mickey Osterreicher, sent a letter to the Miami-Dade Police Department protesting Miller's arrest.
Miller was charged with a single count of resisting arrest. "Aside from a blatant violation of Mr. Miller's First Amendment rights to record matters of public interest in a public place," Osterreicher wrote, "we do not understand how, absent some other underlying charge for which there was probable cause, a charge of resisting arrest can stand on its own?"
"We believe that the recovered video of the incident will show that officers acted outside of their authority, in violation of the First, Fourth and Fourteenth Amendments of the United States Constitution as well as the Privacy Protection Act of 1980 and similar protections provided by Florida law," he wrote.
Osterreicher also pointed to a recent case involving the Baltimore Police Department. In that case, the Obama administration weighed in with a brief arguing that police officers violated the Constitution when they seized a man's recording device and deleted its contents. The United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit has also ruled that journalists have a First Amendment right to record the activities of the police in public.
Deletion can make things worse
Miller's recovery of his video is a reminder of an important fact about modern digital systems: files that get "deleted" aren't necessarily gone forever. Often the raw data is still on the device and can be recovered. And that means that police officers who delete videos not only expose their departments to liability, they may not even succeed in suppressing the embarrassing video.
Miller's efforts to recover the video were only partially successful, and he plans to take his camera to a forensic specialist in hopes of recovering the remaining segments. He also hopes to determine the exact time the video was deleted, which could substantiate his charge that it was deleted while under police control.
Once he has gathered all the evidence, Miller plans to file a complaint with both the police department and the Department of Justice, objecting to his arrest and the deletion of his videos. The case may further entrench the growing consensus that the Constitution protects the right to record the actions of police officers in public.
South of Tallahassee, deep in a sinkhole under the dark Aucilla River, archeologists have found a small stone knife that they date to some 14,550 years ago - to a time when ice thousands of feet thick covered much of North America, mastodons and mammoths roamed, and menacing dire wolves would have been a deadly threat to the human who made the tiny tool.
That knife, the scientists say, is part of some "unassailable" evidence that humans lived in North America well more than 1,000 years earlier than long thought.
That's not just a matter of dates on a page.
Indeed, it forces a rethinking, they said, of the long-held theory of how the Americas' first settlers came. To arrive that early, they couldn't have walked across a land bridge from Asia and down an ice-free corridor in Canada, as previously thought - the glaciers had not yet retreated, and they would have met a cul-de-sac of ice.
Instead, they must have gone in boats and made their way down the coast, eventually spreading across the continents. Perhaps they went all the way around the tip of South America, then north. Perhaps they crossed in Central America. Perhaps they went into the mighty Columbia River, then headed east.
However they got there, it's clear that people more than 14,000 years ago gathered around a small pond near what's now the Gulf of Mexico. Back then it was 130 miles from the coast, part of a much larger Florida. As seas rose, that pond was covered and became a sinkhole under the Aucilla, and the evidence of their lives was covered up. Until now.
For most of the past century, archaeologists believed that the first people in the Americas arrived about 13,000 years ago. They were dubbed the Clovis culture, after the distinctive stone tools first found near Clovis, N.M.
In recent decades though, evidence found at sites in Chile, Texas, Oregon, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin suggested that people lived in the Americas before the Clovis period.
"Slowly but surely we've been getting little glimpses of these people," said Michael Waters, director of the Center for the Study of the First Americans at Texas A&M University and part of the team that explored the sinkhole.
There had always been questions or doubts about the evidence at the other sites, he said, but not at the sinkhole, named Page-Ladson after the diver who found the first artifacts and the family that owns the land.
"It's the breakthrough site," Waters said. "The evidence is unassailable: We have everything, all the evidence that scientists would want to see that tells us people were here in North America prior to the Clovis period."
Jessi Halligan, a Florida State University archaeologist, has been diving at Page-Ladson for years, and has been busy taking phone calls since the group published its results last week in the journal Science Advances.
"I guess flabbergasted is the right word in this case to describe how excited people are about this," she said. "I'm a nerdy academic, and I'm thrilled to find that people think what I do is exciting."
The stone tool, called a biface, can't be radiocarbon-dated because it's not of organic material. But there are a couple of reasons to believe it's as old as the Page-Ladson team believes.
For one, it doesn't have the telltale markings of a Clovis artifact. For another, it was found under four meters of sediment, in a layer of organic material - mostly preserved mastodon dung - that was radiocarbon-dated to 14,550 years ago. And the material was in orderly layers, not mixed up, with newer layers on top, older ones below.
Halligan said the team of archaeologists was building on earlier work at Page-Ladson. A diver, Buddy Page, first found artifacts and bones there in the 1980s, alerting scientists, who continued to search. They found some stone tools, the bones of extinct animals and a giant mastodon tusk, but many archaeologists remained skeptical: The evidence didn't seem strong enough.
But the discovery of the knife - and further examination of the mastodon tusk, dated to more than 14,000 years and showing obvious signs of cutting on it - has caused a stir in the archaeology world.
"I think it's legitimate," said Keith Ashley, an archaeologist at the University of North Florida who was not involved in the research. "I think it's great stuff they're finding there. It's a really productive site."
Halligan began diving in the sinkhole in 2007. It's challenging work. It's cold - the scientists wear lots of neoprene - and pitch black without the lights they carry down. She said she will continue research there, as well as up and down the river, looking for more evidence of the elusive early Americans.
She was at the site on the day when two divers, working with a trowel, uncovered the knife, bringing up something hadn't been touched by another human for millennia.
"It's crazy exciting as an archaeologist," Halligan said. "It meant that we could actually answer our questions at this site. It went from maybe it was, maybe there were people living there, to oh-my-freaking-God there people, there were really people there 14,550 year ago."
The scientific team acknowledged there isn't a lot of physical evidence to go on - some stone tools, some butchered bones. It's incredibly difficult to find and then date artifacts from long ago. But even those skimpy clues can help get at some long-buried truths.
"The plan is just to learn as much as we can about these early people as we rewrite the story of the first Americans," Waters said. "Now we need to get the data, the hard data, to try to piece it all together. It's an exciting time right now to be in this field."
Matt Soergel: (904) 359-4082
Judicial Watch announced today that it has obtained documents proving that the Department of Justice played a major behind-the-scenes role in organizing protests against George Zimmerman. Zimmerman is on trial for second-degree murder in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin in February 2012.
Judicial Watch filed Freedom of Information Act request with the DOJ on April 24, 2012. According to the documents JW received, a little-known DOJ unit called the Community Relations Service deployed to Sanford, FL, to organize and manage rallies against Zimmerman.
Among JW's findings:
JW says the documents it obtained reveal that CRS is not engaging in its stated mission of conducting "impartial mediation practices and conflict resolution," but instead engaged on the side of the anti-Zimmerman protesters.
On April 15, 2012, during the height of the protests, the Orlando Sentinel reported, “They [the CRS] helped set up a meeting between the local NAACP and elected officials that led to the temporary resignation of police Chief Bill Lee according to Turner Clayton, Seminole County chapter president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.” The paper quoted the Rev. Valarie Houston, pastor of Allen Chapel AME Church, a focal point for protestors, as saying “They were there for us,” after a March 20 meeting with CRS agents. Separately, in response to a Florida Sunshine Law request to the City of Sanford, Judicial Watch also obtained an audio recording of a “community meeting” held at Second Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church in Sanford on April 19, 2012. The meeting, which led to the ouster of Sanford's Police Chief Bill Lee, was scheduled after a group of college students calling themselves the “Dream Defenders” barricaded the entrance to the police department demanding Lee be fired. According to the Orlando Sentinel, DOJ employees with the CRS had arranged a 40-mile police escort for the students from Daytona Beach to Sanford. “These documents detail the extraordinary intervention by the Justice Department in the pressure campaign leading to the prosecution of George Zimmerman,” said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton. “My guess is that most Americans would rightly object to taxpayers paying government employees to help organize racially-charged demonstrations.”
Organizing such protests falls well within both President Barack Obama's and Attorney General Eric Holder's wheelhouses. Obama was a "community organizer" in his career prior to elective politics, a position that uses protests and street theater, along with threats, to obtain concessions from businesses and other political opponents. Holder has accused America of being a "nation of cowards" for not discussing racial issues enough. He also described black Americans as "my people" during a congressional hearing.
As the Zimmerman trial winds down, the threat of race riots should he be acquitted has risen.
Don't miss:
Listen to Narration
Staple thought it is today, the lowly potato had a hard time reaching its preeminent status in Western cuisine. Perhaps its lengthy purgatory has something to do with the tale that when Sir Walter Raleigh gave some potatoes to Queen Elizabeth, her cooks tossed aside the roots and served up the boiled greens instead, causing a court-wide case of indigestion. Whether that's the case or not—and there's no evidence that Raleigh ever so much as set eyes on a potato—for decades Europeans would have nothing to do with the tuber. At best, it was found useful to feed the cattle. At worst, it was considered a leprosy-inducing invention of the devil.
This belief was particularly pernicious in the fair fields of France, a country at the time holding a quarter of Europe's inhabitants despite its periodic decimation by epidemic and famine. By the beginning of the 17th century France's population had reached twenty million and continued to rise. Clearly, a cheap, plentiful, and resilient crop was just what the nutritionist ordered, yet even in the face of the brutal demographic crises that popped up every ten to fifteen years over the next two centuries, each time lopping two or three million inhabitants off the non-existent voting rolls, the potato remained unpondered, unprized, and unplanted.
Clearly, the potato needed a champion. What it got was a pharmacist.
Captured by the Prussians in the Seven Years' War (1754-1763), French pharmacist Antoine Parmentier became acquainted with the ignoble Solanum tuberosum while a prisoner of war. As a prisoner, he was fed little but boiled potato mash, which was sometimes his only food for a fortnight and a day. His jailers considered the tubers mere slops; Parmentier, finding them both nutritious and tasty, did not complain of the menu. In fact, he acquired rather a taste for it, and on achieving his freedom made it his mission in life to preach the spuds' virtues. He realised that they could be a solution to the pesky problem of those massive famines sweeping through France with such distressing regularity.
But this one man's realisation and his pannier of potatoes is up against a profusion of problems. The French were not only uninterested, they were convinced that potatoes were poisonous. The Parlement of Paris had even banned the tuber's cultivation in 1748 in the belief that it caused leprosy. Why leprosy is unknown; perhaps it was due to the scabby and spotted nature of the potato's skin. The Church, which collected a tax on all agricultural production and therefore profited but scantly from anything as cheap as the potato, pointed out that this strange root from America was not mentioned in the Bible, and must therefore be dangerous and evil—possibly even the fruit of the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil. Apparently the serpent tempted Eve with a plate of fries.
The Eve of Temptation
The true peasantry of other countries—those who cared little for what the learned said and were more concerned with the emptiness of their bellies—had disproved the theories of poison some time before. If Parmentier was fed potatoes in Prussia, it was because the peasants of that country had been growing them for their own benefit. In a land forever being trampled by an endless succession of armies battling over various monarchical successions, the plucky potato had the distinct advantage of being grown underground, and the peasants were no more (nor no less) rickety for surviving on them. Frederick the Great eventually noticed and began distributing seeds and growing instructions free of cost, and they became a staple crop. In fact, the War of Bavarian Succession—the little 1778-1779 war, not the major Wars of Spanish, Polish, and Austrian Succession that took up the rest of the eighteenth century before the French Revolution became a new excuse for pan-European battling—became known as the “Potato War.” Some say this was because the soldiers spent their time raiding each other's potato fields instead of fighting, others that they threw potatoes at each other instead of cannonballs, others yet that it simply happened to take place during the potato harvest. Whichever it was, this particular war has rarely been taken seriously.
But the fact that barbarous Prussians (against whom the French had been fighting for years), and barbarous peasants in some of the provinces, and barbarous foreigners of dubious taste were showing signs of a penchant for potatoes was unlikely to convince the churlish chauvinists of the world's most civilised country of the tuber's virtues. Parmentier therefore embarked on a series of scientific experiments that proved that the potato was perfectly nutritious. He summarised his proofs in a treatise presented to the Academy of Besançon when the latter ran a competition asking for suggestions regarding foods that could serve in times of famine. Parmentier's treatise ran off with the laurels, but then as now, scientific evidence was worth little in the face of preconceived ideas. The potato remained anathematised.
Forgoing the boiling of beakers and the pouring of powders in his pharmacist's den, Parmentier left off producing potions to make his case in the venerable French locale of the kitchen. But when his decision to address his potato cookbook of 1777 to the housewives of France failed to convince them of the potato's worth, Parmentier decided to woo the court instead, taking aim at the very top. The top was currently Louis XVI, a fat, good-natured, and pious monarch who was easily the most conscientious, caring king the French had seen in two hundred years, and whose head was later to be sliced off for his pains. A strong supporter of science and a man deeply moved by the suffering of his famished people, Louis agreed to support Parmentier, and in 1785 offered him some land on which to experiment. Parmentier was soon throwing dinner parties with twenty different potato-based dishes on the menu.
Fashion being everything at the French court, on 24 August 1786 Parmentier presented the king and his queen with a bouquet of potato flowers. Antoinette added them to her hat, Louis to his jabot, and the fashion immediately spread among the clustered sycophants of Versailles. But convincing the aristocracy that potato flowers were pretty was not going to make the people eat their roots.
Potato blossoms
This is when someone—reports differ as to whether it was Louis or Parmentier who had the idea—came up with a wonderful con job to manipulate the peasantry into filling their bellies with the miracle crop.
For centuries, much of the French kings' wealth had flowed from the loathed gabelle, the onerous and unfair salt tax. The king's monopoly on salt was among the leading complaints that led inevitably to the Revolution; salt-tax collectors were among the most likely royal officials to be murdered, and a whole series of revolts can be traced back to how this tax was applied. With the outrageous variability of this tax's rate between regions, salt smuggling was one of the biggest of black-market businesses: profits could be huge, and the smugglers were lionised by the population as veritable Robin Hoods. The military might of the kingdom was therefore deputised to preserve the monarch's prerogative, keeping salt fields and salt convoys well-guarded; but this only egged the smugglers on.
So when soldiers were stationed around Parmentier's fields, guarding them as carefully as if they were paved with salt, the fact was noted by the eagle-eyed starvelings in the neighbourhood. It was also noted that the soldiers were serious about their duty, and clearly under orders to shoot at anybody getting too close.
Yet despite these extremely thorough precautions on the authorities' part, the soldiers occasionally had the night off. On such nights, seeing nothing suspicious in this—their eagle eyes seemingly being matched by somewhat birdish brains—the locals surreptitiously liberated a few potatoes from the field, apparently feeling there was no reason that only the rich should benefit from this clearly expensive and non-leprosy-inducing crop. And as Louis and Parmentier looked on with what one imagines were rather smug grins on their faces, officially illicit fields of “parmentières” slowly began to pop up across the breadth of France. The peerless proponents of potatoes had successfully hoodwinked the citizenry into saving themselves.
Louis praised Parmentier, claiming that France would one day thank him for having “invented the poor man's bread,” though by this time he himself was not averse to seeing ‘taters at the royal table. Alas, however much his example may have helped, the general acceptance of the potato came a little too late for Louis. Had this solution to permanent famine been brought about a few years earlier, his throne might not have teetered quite as badly as it did. As it was, while Louis found himself disempowered, then dethroned, then decapitated, the potato continued to spread its roots. As France went from puritanical dictatorship to anarchy to military tyranny to empire to a briefly-interrupted monarchical restoration to a revolution-spawned constitutional monarchy to a riot-spawned republic soon brushed away by a coup d'état establishing a new empire—nineteenth-century French history is a tad eventful—the poor man's bread became the most reliable foodstuff Europe knew, even, according to some, helping Europe escape from the pre-industrial “Malthusian trap.” So reliable was it, in fact, that in Ireland, an island that had come to subsist on little else, a simple potato fungus in 1845 was able to cause a fair bit of damage—if by “fair bit of damage” we accept “total and utter catastrophe killing over a million people and depopulating the island by a quarter through death and emigration.”
Antoine Parmentier: Pharmacist in Peruke
Parmentier did not live to see his cherished potato fail the Irish, but he did survive the French Revolution, which like most revolutions was not a good time for scientists—particularly those with ties to the court. When his contemporary Antoine de Lavoisier was condemned to death for having been a gabelle-collecting tax farmer under the Ancien Régime, he begged for a momentary reprieve so that he could complete an experiment he was conducting, but only received the answer that “The Revolution needs neither scientists nor chemists; the course of justice cannot be deferred.” Lavoisier's head kept a rendezvous with a basket the next day. But Lavoisier had merely invented modern chemistry; Parmentier was saved by the demonstrable usefulness of his endeavours. It turned out that when the Revolution and its successors starved or were otherwise culinarily discomfited, scientists were needed after all—and so was the potato, which the revolutionary authorities planted in the Tuileries gardens in 1795, in the face of yet another terrible famine. Later yet, when England blockaded Napoleon's France, it was Parmentier who first managed to extract sugar from beetroots, which nullified the lack of imported sugar cane that had left the French bereft of sugar for their coffee, cakes, and comfits. Though gourmets winced at the flavour, beet sugar allowed Napoleon to thumb his nose at the Brits a little longer, without fearing a rebellion of sweet-toothed pastry-makers. But this should not suggest any great love for Parmentier at the time. In fact, it appears that during the Revolution mention was made of giving him some official office: he was rejected, so it seems, when it was protested that, given authority, “He'll make us eat nothing but potatoes! He's the one who invented them!”
Though lacking an official post, Parmentier did successfully acquire other forms of authority, accumulating no fewer than 48 separate diplomas throughout his lifetime. And though some may have thought he cared more for potatoes than people, Parmentier proved that his justification for preaching the plants—his care for the masses—was no jest, as he was also a prime mover for general vaccination against smallpox in France.
Alas for him, however, the name “parmentière” never quite caught on as an alternate name for the potato, even in France. There it remains the pomme de terre (earth apple), or simply the patate—the latter finding a second life as an insult roughly equivalent to “moron” or “chump.” The proselytising pharmacist is little remembered outside of French history textbooks. Perhaps he would have been consoled that his name is immortalised by a rather delicious potato and leek soup—were it not for the fact that “potage parmentier” is better known as Vichyssoise.
Yeshivat Maharat Trailblazing Orthodox rabbi Lila Kagedan. Share
Pinterest
Email
The first graduate of Yeshivat Maharat to take the title “rabbi” said she has been hired by an unnamed American Orthodox synagogue.
Lila Kagedan, who was ordained this summer by the seminary created by Open Orthodox Rabbi Avi Weiss to train Orthodox female clergy, told the London-based Jewish Chronicle this week that she was recruited to join the staff of a congregation she declined to name.
Graduates of the New York seminary have so far eschewed taking the title rabbi, though the school is explicit that its mission is to train female Orthodox “clergy.” Most have taken on the title maharat, an acronym that translates roughly to female spiritual leader. Kagedan reportedly is the first graduate to call herself a rabbi.
In the interview with the Jewish Chronicle, Kagedan, a native of Canada, acknowledged that “change is difficult and frightening. We are very much used to a certain aesthetic when we say ‘rabbi.'”
This fall, the Rabbinical Council of America, the main modern Orthodox rabbinical group, formally adopted a policy prohibiting the ordination or hiring of women rabbis.
This story "First Woman Orthodox 'Rabbi' Is Hired by Synagogue" was written by JTA.
As shown in an earlier post by Richard Johns, there is a new letter on the Journal of 911 Studies which describes dishonest and unethical behavior by the Journal of Engineering Mechanics and its parent organization, the ASCE Journals and their Board of Governors, regarding their refusal to correct a clearly dishonest and fraudulent paper they published concerning the collapse of the WTC Towers in January 2011.
The letter can be found here http://www.journalof911studies.com/resources/2014SepLetterSzambotiJohns.pdf
This stonewalling behavior is similar to that observed of the NIST Director when confronted earlier this year with evidence that the NIST WTC 7 report omitted pertinent structural features from its analysis which would have made impossible the collapse initiation hypothesis presented in the report. See the December 2013 letter by attorney William Pepper to the Dept. of Commerce Inspector General on this issue here
http://www.journalof911studies.com/resources/2014JanLetterPepper.pdf
Unfortunately, it seems clear that the previously respected institutions of NIST and the ASCE Journals are involved in a cover-up to prevent the truth of what actually occurred in NYC on Sept. 11, 2001 from being revealed. This cover-up is obviously intended to prevent a real investigation, which would take seriously the statements made by firefighters and others about seeing, hearing, and feeling explosions in the buildings before and during the collapses, and would investigate those who had access to the interiors of those buildings, such as contractors, maintenance workers, etc. to determine how charges could have been planted and to test the steel for evidence of explosive residue. Neither of these things were ever done by any official investigation to date.
Whatever one thinks of the current situation in Iraq, with ISIS, one should remember that had Iraq not been invaded, and its government replaced and army disbanded by the Bush administration, there would be no ISIS. It is known that the Bush administration used fraudulent means to justify its invasion of Iraq and this was only possible with the fear generated by the events of Sept. 11, 2001 and most prominently what happened in NYC on that day. It is thus imperative to find out just who was involved in those events, since science has shown that the aircraft impacts and fires were not responsible for the complete failures and collapses of the three high rise buildings in NYC on that day.
Republican congresswoman Marsha Blackburn appeared on MSNBC earlier today to defend members of Congress going on a week-long recess before dealing with the sequester scheduled to go into effect on March 1. Blackburn pointed out that Congress has known about the need to deal with spending cuts since August 2011 and it's not sufficient to just start complaining now, less than a month away from the deadline. She argued that many Americans actually want spending cuts, but not to the military.
RELATED: Bill Kristol And Juan Williams Battle Over Obama's Role In Averting Massive, Automatic Spending Cuts
Anchor Craig Melvin brought up Nancy Pelosi‘s criticism of Congress for going on vacation before a deal could be reached on the automatic spending cuts. Blackburn said that everyone in Congress knew for over a year that they would have to deal with spending cuts and the Senate has not acted on any legislation passed in the House.
Melvin asked her about the optics of members of Congress leaving just as there is a looming crisis ahead. Blackburn said her own constituents want the spending cuts to take place and make sure that all non-defense discretionary spending is cut across the board. She touted a bill that will be brought up by Republicans to give the military some “flexibility.”
Blackburn argued that people all across the country believe that Washington has a spending problem. Melvin cited a study by the Congressional Budget Office finding that the spending cuts would have a “devastating effect” on the economy, and up to 750,000 jobs may be cut. Blackburn stuck to her guns and insisted there is “so much waste” in the federal government that can be cut down, while making it absolutely clear that people overwhelmingly do not support defense cuts.
Watch the video below, courtesy of MSNBC:
—–
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
One of the world's favourite Darjeeling tea, Jungpana, will be retailed in its home market for the first time. needs no introduction in the UK or even for the late bloomer in the tea-drinking circuit, France. It is the favourite tea of Fortnum & Mason, popularly referred to as the Queen's grocer and one of the bestsellers at France's historic gourmet tea brand, Mariage Freres. Swiss multinational, Nestle, too has an arrangement with the estate for its Special.T.
In India, however, its reach has been restricted to the tea connoisseurs so far. But that glass ceiling is set to be breached. The best will now be sold in India over-the-counter in loose tea form and tea bags, shortly.
"I will be packing my best teas and am not looking at volumes. In the first go, we will have first flush and then second flush. The next batch will be oolongs, probably," Director Shantanu Kejriwal, says.
BREWING INDIA PLANS Jungpana is a favoured gourmet variety across the world
Popular with the Queen's grocer, Fortnum & Mason and other historic gourmet tea brands
launched its Special.T pod tea packets with a prominent Jungpana branding on the flap (right)
Evolution of Indian tea consumers has encouraged the brand to retail its best batches
What sells for Rs 20,000 a kg at Harrods, London, will be available for Rs 5,000 a kg
The Jungpana tea estate has been with the Kejriwal family for more than five decades. The tea estate originally belonged to the British tea planter, Henry Lennox, who started plantation in 1899. Subsequently, it was taken over by the Ranas of Nepal, and then passed on to the Kejriwals.
"Tea for me is a passion. Our forte is making the best tea," Kejriwal says with a lot of pride. Currently, what is keeping Kejriwal busy is extending the tea variety to India.
The loose tea is currently available only at the Spencer's hypermart in the luxury mall, Quest, in Kolkata, and is being sold at wholesale price. So, the first flush teas are being sold at Rs 5,000 a kg, what would otherwise cost Rs 20,000 a kg at Harrods in London.
"We will put the best quality tea in tea bags. Usually, tea bags have the worst teas like dust and fannings," Kejriwal explains. The motto here would be the best quality tea at best prices, he says.
Globally, Jungpana has an arrangement with for its Nespresso machine. It was launched as Special.T in May, but the arrangement with Nestle has been in place for the last two-three years. Nestle has been sourcing around 2,000 kgs of Jungpana first flush. Talks are on for the second flush, as well.
"Nestle has retained Jungpana's name on the Special.T pod packs (for use in Nestle's pod-style brewing machine). The pack has a short history of Jungpana on its flap," Kejriwal says.
But why is Jungpana making a major entry into its home market so late in the day? A simple answer would be brand value. So far, the packaging has been expensive, while the actual product, tea, comprises just 20 per cent of the cost. But what has now helped is that the Indian market has slowly evolved, to accept such products for what they are.
"Nobody thought people in India would be buying teas worth Rs 4,000-5,000 a kg earlier," Kejriwal says.
Jungpana must be one of the last major players to enter the Indian retail space. Its closest competitor, Castleton, from the Goodricke stable, has been packing some of its teas in caddies (canisters) for long.
It is not that Jungpana was not available at all in India. Strangely, some brokens and fannings (tea batches) of this celebrated tea have also found their way to Maldah (West Bengal district) through local tea shops.
But almost nothing makes it to the auctions from the quality period (first flush and second flush). "Some of the cheaper variety would be sold at auctions, may be from the monsoons, but even for that period we have forward contracts mostly," Kejriwal says.
Bio
Tig's show tonight will start around 9:30PM due to a travel delay. We will still open doors to The Wilbur at 7:30PM but please note the show is expected to begin at 9:30PM. Thank you for your cooperation.
*Second show has been CANCELLED*
EARLY SHOW MOVED to 8:30 PM
All refunds for cancelled show now available.
Tig Notaro is a standup comedian, storyteller, and writer originally from Mississippi. Tig writes, produces, and stars in the semi-autobiographical comedy series One Mississippi, premiering this fall through Amazon Studios. Her memoir, I'm Just A Person, released this year through Harper Collins Publishing, is a New York Times Bestseller. The Television Academy has acknowledged Tig with an Emmy nomination for her HBO stand­up special Boyish Girl Interrupted. Her Netflix Original documentary, TIG, premiered to critical acclaim and is available for streaming. You can also see Tig as “Barb”on Amazon's Emmy Award winning series Transparent. In 2013, Tig was nominated for a Grammy Award for her standup release, LIVE, which sold over 100,000 units in just six weeks. LIVE is a standup set delivered just days after Tig was diagnosed with invasive bilateral breast cancer. Tig has since announced her cancer to be in remission, and remains a favorite on Conan and This American Life. In her time off, Tig enjoys birdwatching with her wife Stephanie,their twin sons, and cat Fluff, at home in Los Angeles.
The word came down today that the Pro Football Hall Of Fame will NOT allow the Junior Seau family to speak at his enshrinement. Per the New York Times on-line today: "Instead, it will only show a video that will commemorate his career, while avoiding questions about his suicide in 2012 and the subsequent diagnosis of traumatic brain injury that doctors said they believed was brought on by hits to his head. Nor will the video mention the lawsuit that Seau's family has filed against the N.F.L., which is trying to curb injuries in active players and address brain disease in thousands of retired ones."
NFL, you are ------- up in a MAJOR way. Really? You're burying your head in the sand to begin with when it comes to the concussion/CTE/suicide problem with former players. Good God, use this enshrinement to start to rebuild your trust with players, former players and their families. Sydney Seau was going to speak on her Dad's behalf. You REALLY think she was going to get up there and tear you a new one (which you justly deserve)?
Sydney was quoted as saying: "It's frustrating because the induction is for my father and for the other players, but then to not be able to speak, it's painful,” Sydney said. “I just want to give the speech he would have given. It wasn't going to be about this mess. My speech was solely about him.”
Maybe one of the saddest moments involving an ex-Charger ever.
Talk to you soon,
Costa
i just reinstalled debian 8, installed bumblebee on my laptop. I tried optirun glxgears, to check it worked, and all is fine.
for some reason, if i disable vsync, i get much higher results using the intel integrated graphics than using the nvidia one. intel:
rhiakath@aiur:~$ vblank_mode=0 glxgears -info | grep -v EXTENSIONS ATTENTION: default value of option vblank_mode overridden by environment. ATTENTION: default value of option vblank_mode overridden by environment. GL_RENDERER = Mesa DRI Intel(R) Ivybridge Mobile GL_VERSION = 3.0 Mesa 10.3.2 GL_VENDOR = Intel Open Source Technology Center VisualID 33, 0x21 32346 frames in 5.0 seconds = 6469.036 FPS 32110 frames in 5.0 seconds = 6421.822 FPS
and now for the nvidia part
rhiakath@aiur:~$ vblank_mode=0 optirun glxgears -info | grep -v EXTENSIONS ATTENTION: default value of option vblank_mode overridden by environment. ATTENTION: default value of option vblank_mode overridden by environment. ATTENTION: default value of option vblank_mode overridden by environment. ATTENTION: default value of option vblank_mode overridden by environment. GL_RENDERER = GeForce GT 630M/PCIe/SSE2 GL_VERSION = 4.4.0 NVIDIA 340.65 GL_VENDOR = NVIDIA Corporation ATTENTION: default value of option vblank_mode overridden by environment. ATTENTION: default value of option vblank_mode overridden by environment. VisualID 33, 0x21 11828 frames in 5.0 seconds = 2365.596 FPS 12384 frames in 5.0 seconds = 2476.770 FPS
what's wrong here??? I remember using the nvidia gpu would be much faster! Did i forget something?
A robot cop isn't the future — it's now.
Dubai police added a robotic officer to its force, and plans to add more over the next few years. (Don't worry, it doesn't have a gun.)
It even knows how to salute.
The city plans on recruiting a lot of the bots so they eventually make up 25 percent of the force by 2030.
The police department's one robot already patrolled the Gulf Information Security Expo and Conference in the United Arab Emirates this week.
Next up is patrolling the massive Dubai Mall, which posted that the robot loves selfies and will be around all week.
The robot, first launched in 2011, is from Spanish company PAL Robotics. The robocop is a REEM, a full-sized humanoid robot that can speak and understand several languages.
In an interview with CNN, Brigadier Khalid Nasser Alrazooqi, general director of the Smart Services Department of the Dubai police, said, "The robot is going to be an interactive service for the people."
While Dubai's newest officer isn't quite the 1980s cyborg everyone's thinking of, the machine will still be able to answer questions, provide information about services on its touchscreen computer, process fines and tickets, and use its camera eyes to send information back to a command center.
Stay out of trouble!
Watch: Sen. Chuck Schumer Parodies Trump's Bizarre Cabinet Meeting
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer tweeted out a video mocking President Donald Trump‘s televised meeting with cabinet members on Monday.
Trump convened his top cabinet members for their first meeting, which took the shape of a bizarre session in which the heads of the administration's executive branch agencies took turns praising Trump's job performance and accomplishments.
As CNN noted, the meeting was “not the typical way presidents have convened the top members of their governments.” Typically, “a Cabinet meeting begins with short remarks from the President before more detailed talks among the group behind closed doors.”
“Instead, Trump opened with a lengthy statement touting his own work before having each Cabinet secretary provide their own assessment of the administration's progress so far,” the CNN story reported. “What resulted were rapid-fire plaudits from the nation's top government officials.”
Democrat lawmaker Schumer apparently took note of the eerily fawning meeting of Trump's cabinet, and filmed a parody of the session with his staff.
“Your tone was perfect, you were right on message,” one staffer told Schumer. “You have great hair, nobody has better hair than you,” another added.
The short video ends with another saying — in an iteration of chief of staff Reince Priebus's remarks — “before we go any further, I just want to say thank you for the opportunity and blessing to serve your agenda.”
Watch the video above.
[image via screengrab]
—
Follow Aidan McLaughlin (@aidnmclaughlin) on Twitter
Loading ...
Image copyright AP Image caption President Ram Baran Yadav signed the document in the capital Kathmandu on Sunday
Nepal's adoption of a new federal constitution has led to a souring of ties with its giant neighbour India.
The document defines the majority Hindu nation as a secular republic divided into seven federal provinces.
Although Delhi was one of the major backers of the process over the past decade, it believes the new constitution is not broad-based and is concerned that it could spur violence which could spill over into its own territory.
India's reaction in the past few days to events in Nepal have been quite remarkable.
On Friday, just a couple of days before the constitution was formally adopted (but after it had been passed by the Constituent Assembly) India's top diplomat was sent to Kathmandu at the behest of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Foreign Secretary S Jaishankar held discussions with Nepal's president and prime minister and leaders of all the major political parties including those who had opposed the constitution in its current form.
He is believed to have pressed the Nepalese government to delay the adoption of the constitution and hold discussions with political groups opposed to it.
Reports in the Indian media say that India's ambassador in Kathmandu spoke to Prime Minister Sushil Koirala hours before Sunday's constitution ceremony to express Delhi's disappointment at the process going through.
Violent reaction
And hours after the constitution was formally adopted, the Indian foreign ministry put out a terse statement only "noting" that it had taken place.
"We are concerned that the situation in several parts of the country bordering India continues to be violent," the statement said.
"We urge that issues on which there are differences should be resolved through dialogue in an atmosphere free from violence and intimidation, and institutionalised in a manner that would enable broad-based ownership and acceptance," it added.
It's hardly a ringing endorsement.
India's concern has been with the violent reaction to the constitution in the low-lying southern plains, adjoining India, the Terai.
Communities living in the Terai, especially the Madeshis and the Tharu ethnic minorities, have expressed concern that the proposed boundaries of the new provinces could lead to their political marginalisation.
The two groups make up nearly 40% of Nepal's population and the Madeshis share close ethnic ties with people in India.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Madeshis have often protested against Kathmandu
Image copyright AFP Image caption A protest in Kathmandu on Sunday was quickly broken up
India's strong reaction, some believe, stems from the fact that it was assured by Nepalese leaders that these concerns would be taken on board.
"But that did not happen," says Prof SD Muni, a strategic analyst who closely follows events in Nepal.
"India's concern is genuine because whatever happens in the Terai will spill over into India. So the violence is really worrying."
India shares a 1,751km (1,088-mile) open border with Nepal through which people pass freely but which has often concerned the country's security agencies because of its use by smugglers, human traffickers and terror suspects.
Next month, elections are due to take place in the politically crucial state of Bihar which adjoins Nepal.
'Interference'
The state is one of India's most lawless and there is concern that political instability across the border could have an impact on the elections.
But India is also aware of the sensitivities involved in its relations with Nepal because of which it finds itself in a difficult situation.
Many people in Nepal have long accused India of interfering in the country's affairs, something that Prof Muni concedes is not always unfounded.
"There was no point in sending [the foreign secretary] after the constitution had already been passed. It can be construed as interference," he says.
But he also believes that Nepal plays India to its advantage.
"They ask for India's help when they need it. But if they don't like what we do, they describe it as interference."
And then there is China, India's regional bugbear.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The constitution has evoked a mixed response in Nepal
In recent years, China has been ramping up its involvement in Nepal mainly through economic engagement much to India's discomfort in what it considers its backyard.
It is also wary of China's links with Nepal's Communists, never mind that most of its leadership has either been schooled in India or has spent many years in exile in this country.
And Beijing's reaction to Nepal's new constitution is noticeably warmer than India's was.
'Mature and evolve'
"As a friendly neighbour, Chinese side notes with pleasure that Nepal's Constituent Assembly has endorsed the new constitution," its foreign ministry spokesperson said.
There are some in India, though, who believe that the country should not be too critical of Nepal.
"The concerns of the Madhesis most certainly can be addressed through an amendment process in the coming months and years," an Indian Member of Parliament, DP Tripathi, told The Hindu newspaper.
"Nepal has adopted a constitution and like all other constitutions of the world, this too will mature and evolve," he said.
A friend holds a photo of Gwen Araujo during a wake in 2002. AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez
In 2002, Gwen Araujo, a transgender woman, was brutally beaten to death at a house party in Newark, California by a group of men. The attack came after two of them, who had earlier had sexual relations with her, discovered she was a transgender woman.
Her case is striking not only for the lurid nature of her murder but for the fact that at trial, defendants tried to invoke a trans panic defense, a rare but indisputably toxic legal strategy. Similar in form to gay panic defenses, they seek to pin blame for violence and assault on one's sexual orientation or gender identity. Though not often successful—two juries rejected its use by Araujo's killers—they are troubling for the fact that in most states they're allowable at all.
In 2013, the American Bar Association (ABA) released a resolution calling for federal, state and local governments to pass legislation curtailing their use; the following year, California became the first state to ban them, partly due to the advocacy of Araujo's mother, Sylvia. Last week, Illinois passed a bill banning the defense, which Governor Bruce Rauner has indicated he will sign; it will become only the second state to do so.
While more than applause-worthy, it's worrying that a vast majority of states have yet to ban a legal defense that uses one's gender or sexual identity to justify violence. More worryingly, a handful of states besides California and Illinois that have recently tried to ban these defenses have failed—and though legislation is in progress in others, bills that haven't passed are a case study in the bureaucratic red tape that can bog down what should be all but an open-and-shut effort.
In 2015, lawmakers in both New Jersey and Pennsylvania introduced efforts to ban the use of panic defenses; both efforts eventually died in committee. Pennsylvania representative Michael Schlossberg, who introduced his state's legislation, said his state's bill faced death by backburner in the state's judiciary committee.
"How in God's name could [panic defenses] be real in the 21st century?" he said. "We introduced [our bill] late, and there wasn't an interest, unfortunately," he added.
Schlossberg isn't deterred, and said he's considering reintroducing the state's bill at a later date. New Jersey lawmakers haven't given up either, having carried over their bill into the current legislative session, where it now sits again with the judiciary committee.
In the District of Columbia, the "Secure a Fair and Equitable Trial Act of 2017," which seeks limits on the use of panic defenses, was introduced this February, where it now also sits under review by a judiciary committee. DC councilmember David Grosso, who helped introduce the legislation, said he fears it could run into the same problems that have plagued similar bills elsewhere.
"At this point, it's just bureaucracy and time that's the opposition to legislation like this," he said.
Former California State Assembly member Susan Bonilla, who introduced California's bill banning panic defenses, noted that their effort did pass by a wide margin, but faced opposition in the state's Committee on Public Safety because "the consultants to that committee at the time tended to be former public defenders." Adding, "They had raised concerns that by banning panic defenses, defendants would be denied a complete and fully-rigorous defense.
But the ABA's resolution against them contends that "the defense has no medical or psychological basis," and their use "to make a case for either insanity or diminished capacity is inappropriate," since homosexual panic disorder—what was once thought by psychiatrists to be a panic brought on by perversion—is no longer recognized by the American Psychiatric Association's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders.
"Gay and trans panic defenses are used with much more frequency than most people think," said D'Arcy Kemnitz, Executive Director of the National LGBT Bar Association, which helped put forward the ABA resolution. "This, however, misses the point of the ABA resolution and numerous pieces of legislation throughout the country: any use of these defenses are unacceptable."
Recent cases have shown that the defense can be used effectively, sometimes to help mitigate sentencing, such as that of the murder of Larry King, an openly gay 15-year-old Oxnard, California student who was shot by classmate Brandon McInerney in 2008.
Lawyers for McInerney said he had felt "threatened" by King, who sometimes wore makeup and high heels to school, and that King had "returned taunts from him and other boys with sexual overtures and declarations of love," according to the Los Angeles Times. Prosecutors would later contend that King hadn't harassed McInerney, claiming that McInerney was guilty of "teasing the effeminate King for weeks and vowing to 'get a gun and shoot' him."
According to prosecutors, McInerney's lawyers invoked a gay panic defense, claiming that King's sexual jeers were to blame for the shooting. The 2011 trial ultimately ended in a hung jury; later that year, McInerney accepted 21 years in prison in exchange for pleading guilty before another could begin.
Though other legal and social LGBTQ issues have rightfully come to the fore, from transgender bathroom bills to intersectional approaches in community policing, banning these defenses is crucial in sending a clear message to the LGBTQ community that homophobia and transphobia can't be used to justify violence against them.
"I believe that everybody's human rights should be protected," said Grosso. "A person just being who they are causes them to be beaten up? That shouldn't be used in any sense, in any way, as a defense."
Follow Mathew Foresta on Twitter.
Let's start by saying that, no, Jimmy Butler isn't Kevin Durant, and no, the Minnesota Timberwolves probably will not be better than the Golden State Warriors a year from now. They won 31 games last season. A seismic leap can happen, but not that much of one.
But no one will challenge the healthy, fully equipped Warriors next season. This team is simply too good, with too much talent and too clear an identity, to be beaten in its present form. That's where the Timberwolves come in.
That's where the post-Jimmy Butler-for-ancillary-parts-trade Timberwolves come in.
While Minnesota added Butler with the next season or two in mind, the long game is what makes the T-wolves so dangerous. It's not simply that Andrew Wiggins is 22 and Karl-Anthony Towns is 21. It's that Butler provides a stabilizing force and a clear path toward winning next season. It's that they were able to add him without sacrificing much of the salary cap space they have saved up. It's that somewhere along the line, this freezing-cold city became a place where NBA free agents might want to shack up.
The Timberwolves could go a lot of different directions this offseason. The easiest is to keep the core you have, find a reasonable cheaper value for Gorgui Dieng and fill in around the peripheral. Tom Thibodeau is very loyal to his players and, probably wouldn't mind that at all.
But Thibodeau sometimes seems to publicly forget his All Eyez on Me roots. He used to be the toughest coach, on his own players and on opposing offenses. His defenses built a championship in Boston and stabilized the important roles. The Timberwolves don't have players like that.
What they do have are two of the most exciting young players in the NBA in Towns and Wiggins and a crazy amount of salary cap space. Neither of the two young stars has hit free agency, while Butler's contract was signed before the salary cap spike.
Whether that money gets used to find a power forward or upgrade on Ricky Rubio at point guard is up to Thibodeau. He's the team president, and it's on him to make the right decisions (Taj Gibson? George Hill? Jrue Holiday? James Johnson?) and avoid the wrong ones (Derrick Rose). He'll have to do it all while dancing around the future possibilities of a massive luxury tax bill that owner Glen Taylor certainly won't want to see.
He's also the head coach. That means it's up to him to bring back the defensive philosophies that built elite teams in Chicago and Boston and apply them to his new stars. Wiggins and Towns have amazing defensive potential, and there shouldn't be a better coach to instruct them on that end than Thibodeau. That didn't work out in their first year together; Wiggins was perhaps even worse than in the past, while Towns showed little defensive improvement even as his offense game was unleashed.
But Butler is one of the best talents in this league, an exceedingly efficient wing scorer who can run the offense when needed. He should serve as a mentor to Wiggins, who remains a tremendous if unmoored talent, and he should be worth at least 10 wins alongside the expected improvements of the young core.
And Towns is a generational player. And Rubio is an elite passer, Dieng is a positive on both ends, Shabazz Muhammad can fill it up off the bench, Tyus Jones shows good decision-making. This is a really, really good group of players.
They need one more big move. Maybe it requires sending away Rubio or Dieng for the cap space. But it needs to be the right move. Because we need this. The NBA needs this. Even the Warriors need it.
The Cleveland Cavaliers are a true threat with a clear expiration date. The Timberwolves could outlive even the super team by the Bay. And they might even be able to knock off the Warriors before Golden State breaks up.
Florida mom took babies along for armed robbery, deputies say
'The suspects took cash, marijuana and a paintball gun,' a report says
Alaina Danielle Johnson, 20, of Ocala, had her two babies with her in a truck when she two others —Matthew Allison Thomas, 18, and a 17-year-old boy— pulled up to a home at about 12:30 a.m.
But a young woman from Marion County didn't leave her kids behind when she joined two alleged accomplices in an armed robbery of someone she knew early Wednesday, deputies said.
No one says it was quality family time.
Alaina Danielle Johnson, 20, of Ocala, had her two babies with… (Marion County Jail )
Thomas and the teen got out of the truck and robbed the victims while holding a gun on them – sometimes pointing the gun directly at the head of one of the victims, according to the Marion County Sheriff's Office.
"The suspects took cash, marijuana and a paintball gun,'' the Sheriff's Office said in a report.
One of the victim's recognized Johnson.
Detectives arrested the trio at about 4:30 p.m.
Johnson, Thomas and the teen are each facing a robbery with a firearm charge.
Johnson and Thomas are in the Marion County Jail with a bond set at $50,000 each.
The teen is being held in the Marion County Juvenile Detention and has no bond. The Sentinel is not naming him because of his age.
The Sheriff's Office said not release information about what happened to the babies. No other details were released.
"Detectives are still working this case,'' the report said.
Anyone with information is asked to call Crime Stoppers of Marion County at 352-368-7867.
Regarding Hyuga and Clutch City Clash 2
Leading up to the final months of registration, Hyuga contacted us asking if he could attend Clutch City Clash 2. After deliberation, we decided to follow the Global Smash 4 TO's recommendation and allow him to enter, months after his year ban was completed. We did not invite him and we did not pay for any of his entry fees, travel costs or other expenses.
It was always our intention to gauge community reaction to this decision and act accordingly. The outpouring of viewpoints, emotions and debate made it clear what needs to happen. We are announcing that Hyuga will not be attending CCC2 or any future Smash United event from this date forward.
We apologize to the viewers, fans and entrants of our events who may have felt that the severity of his accusations and actions were taken lightly. This was not our intention. Player safety and comfortable experience is our main priority. We look forward to everyone having a fun and safe weekend at Clutch City Clash 2.
Reply · Report Post
Amidst the chaos of downtown Hamilton's Supercrawl festival Friday night, sat a small booth with a simple sign — "Ask a Muslim."
Malik Datardina has been taking turns at the booth at the city's monthly art crawl events over the summer alongside several others.
His goal? To "get people behind the headlines" in a time of social unrest, and clear up misconceptions about the Muslim community to anyone who wants to listen.
"It's our responsibility as the Muslim community to make ourselves available," Datardina told CBC News. "If we don't take this opportunity, it's our loss."
So what sorts of questions do people ask? Well thanks to that well-documented Canadian politeness, sometimes you have to pry the queries out of them, Datardina said.
"Sometimes people have inhibitions … the Canadian norm is just not to offend people."
The group has fielded questions about the basics of Islam, and how that religion compares to Christianity.
I was overwhelmed by the amount of people who were commending us for just being there and having the conversation.' - Malik Datardina
They spoke with 60 to 70 people Friday during Supercrawl, and prepped for difficult questions — bracing for queries about Sharia law or the treatment of women in some cultures.
Strangely, those questions didn't come — something that could be attributed to the largely liberal crowd that tends to frequent the art crawl and Supercrawl.
One man did visit the booth who had "racist views," Datardina said, who couldn't understand that there's no real concept of race within Islam, and who "had a hard time with that."
"Getting people over those kinds of things can be a challenge," he said.
It's a necessary conversation, he says, due in part to the current political climate the world over. It's easy to look at the U.S. election race — where presidential candidate Donald Trump had proposed a blanket ban on Muslims entering the country — as the worst offender in recent memory for cranking up racial tensions.
But it's also necessary to look around in Canada for political statements that can fan the flames of racism, he says. Take the last federal election, when the niqab became a focal point of the debate.
"When someone from the mainstream political parties ratchets up the rhetoric, it does result in more attacks on Muslims. It enables a kind of racism," he said.
"This type of rhetoric does hurt Muslims … and we're trying to give the other side of the story."
But on the whole on the local level, he said, people have been very supportive of their endeavor.
"I was overwhelmed by the amount of people who were commending us for just being there and having the conversation."
Today's guest blog comes from James Balm, Social Media Assistant for BioMed Central.
Through my role at BioMed Central, I've spent time combining science and social media to deliver a message that is accessible to everyone. There's one thing that makes my job all the more easy, and that's the fact that all the research I promote is open access. But what is open access?
Not all research can just be opened and freely read. In fact, a great deal of research papers have to be paid for by the reader in order to be accessed.
Open access research helps us reach information without a paywall blocking the way. All open access papers are freely accessible, meaning we can read any papers we like. This is a fairly recent advance in the long history of publishing, but in combination with social media, it's helping us to open up research to a wider audience.
S ocial media and open access – a great couple
Research papers aren't always the easiest pieces of literature to read. Expecting Joe Public to understand all of these articles is simply unrealistic. Whilst they have access to the papers when they're open access, that doesn't mean they're always going to be able to make good use of them. That's where social media has its time to shine.
More and more scientists are moving to social media in order to promote their research and engage the public, as well as each other. Social media in itself offers the chance to reach out and make science exciting.
Social media helps unlock the ivory tower of academia, providing the opportunity for research to become a more public experience. Social media opens up science in a manner that we rarely experienced in the classroom. Now we are hearing from real experts; now we can all ask questions; now we can get involved.
Let's get visible
Social media opens the door wider, helping researchers reach the status of ‘highly accessed'. Blogs provide people with a more detailed explanation of research and findings with the help of visuals and engaging prose. Meanwhile, popular social media platforms, such as Facebook and Twitter, help bring approximately 25,000 visitors to our research papers per month.
Through social media campaigns we are able to draw significant attention to research papers. For example, with the help of illustrations and an awareness day, we were able to engage people with our asthma research on Twitter.
Because of this campaign, we were able to help these asthma research articles reach ‘highly accessed' status.
Getting aware with a few clicks
Social media provides us with a chance to engage with others and discuss important issues that affect the science community. Thanks to this, we are becoming more aware of the issues that face researchers, science, and reliability, such as transparency, peer review and registration of clinical trials.
Social media can also help patients to find out more about their diseases and to discuss them with others. We are starting to see communities being established across the net dedicated to discussing diseases from breast cancer to Marfan's syndrome. These are niche sites with a specialised following, where the ability to access research freely is a real benefit.
People want to learn more about their illnesses and talk about new findings that may not be broad enough to reach mainstream news. Thanks to these communities, people are able to combat chronic diseases through improved health education. With open access, people are able to both share and read these articles.
Not all these articles are guaranteed to be reliable. But social media is playing its part to fight this, with campaigns against misinformation. One example is the MS Society, who won an Association of Medical Research Charities award in 2011 for a social media campaign that countered a controversial paper about one potential cause of MS. The link was unproven and further studies were needed, but a vocal minority dominated online discussion. The MS Society responded by correcting misinformation without censorship.
Furthermore, the information people share on the Internet about their illnesses and the effectiveness of drugs may be used by scientists. For example, patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis provided personal reports on PatientsLikeMe, a social networking site made especially for discussing illnesses, symptoms, and treatment. Research published in Nature Biotechnology concluded data taken from this site matched that of randomized trials, suggesting the Internet and social media could prove useful in ‘accelerating clinical discovery'.
Open peer review?
People can provide thoughts and perspectives on papers through all social media channels. One site of particular note is Reddit, which makes the most of open access research. With an audience of graduates, researchers, and PhD students, Reddit possesses a following of science-savvy users. With a selection of subreddits dedicated to subjects such as medicine, psychology, and science, you will also find a crowd of experts in these areas.
Because Reddit is a self-moderated world, where users vote posts up or down, this makes the promotion of content much less biased. Users often offer their opinion on the research paper itself, evaluating its reliability and methods, rather than simply taking the news piece for gospel. In some ways, this behaviour resembles open peer review (where the reviewers comments appear alongside the published article).
Indeed, all social media platforms offer the potential to discuss new research, its quality and validity, and these new ways of analysing papers post-publication seem to be influencing ideas about how we carry out peer review. Journals like F1000Research carry out peer review ‘post-publication', while many of BioMed Central's journals offer open peer review , and the chance to comment on articles after publication.
Scientists sharing
All researchers should have access to research. Research is there for other researchers to replicate or prove wrong, to comment on, and to build on. Each article forms the foundations of new discoveries, but with paywalls some off the key building blocks are missing.
That's why sites such as Academia.edu have gained such a great following recently. Academia is a social media site that allows researchers to network, and share and promote their research. The main aim is to help encourage the distribution of research within the scientific community, giving researchers more information about their area of interest.
In short, open access and social media are helping both science and healthcare move forwards by educating others, providing communities for people to share and discuss science, and collating data. With one tweet and no paywalls, we can help research gain the visibility it deserves.
James Balm is Social Media Assistant for BioMed Central. He writes regularly for the BioMed Central blog and you can also find him on Twitter – @justbalmy.
For more information, feel free to follow BioMed Central's @MedicalEvidence Twitter account.
on •
There is something so disquieting about a amusement park long abandoned, decaying rides standing forlorn in a field or being slowly swallowed by creeping forests. Perhaps, like creepy kids and evil clowns, it is the juxtaposition of the joyous things of childhood with the looming inevitability of death and decay that is so very unsettling.
The gallery below features 50 photos selected from abandoned amusement parks around the world. Some, like Lincoln Park and South Korea's Okpo Land, closed due to safety fears following fatalities and accidents. Others, such as Seaside Heights and Six Flags New Orleans, were suddenly and irreparably decimated by natural disaster. In the case of Pripyat's abandoned amusement park outside the Chernobyl nuclear plant, the closure was caused by a rather more man-made catastrophe. Still others merely succumbed to the unrelenting march of time, ominous reminders of happier times as they loom silently, decaying in place. Whatever the reason for their abandonment, these pictures will surely give you a chill, darlings. Enjoy!
(Check here for lists of Standing but Not Operating (SBNO) and abandoned amusement parks; For more photos, visit Forgotten Ohio, Surreal Coconut, Dark Roasted Blend, Illicit Ohio, Love These Pics, and Spiral.)
Related Posts:
– In the Gray Wood-Mist: Denise Grünstein's Dark Fairy Tale Photography
– My Darling, My Ghost: Turn of the Century Spirit Photography
– All the Cheap Thrill Seekers: Glamorous Bearded Lady Makeup
Share this: Pinterest
Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Tumblr
Google
More
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: History (Haunted and Otherwise), Oddities
CRESWELL, Ore. -- On Friday, Lane County Sheriff's Office deputies arrested the parents of 16-year-old Austin Sprout who died in December.
Deputies said Brandi and Russel Bellew didn't take Sprout to a doctor because of their faith. They face manslaughter charges. The arrests come after a seven-week investigation by the Lane County Sheriff's Office.
"The investigation has determined that medical professionals believe that the illness he suffered was treatable if he had been provided medical care," said Capt. Byron Trapp from Lane County Sheriff's Office. "That is what the arrests are based on, is the withholding of medical care in this case that allowed Austin to die."
Authorities would not say what Sprout died of, but they said his medical condition was highly treatable.
"They failed to seek appropriate medical care to resolve that, then that's contrary to state law," Trapp said.
Last year, the Oregon legislature changed the law regarding faith healing. Now, faith-based healing can no longer be used as a defense against manslaughter charges.
KVAL spoke with Sprout's uncle, Shawn Sprout. The family is part of the General Assembly Church of the First Born in Pleasant Hill. Shawn said the church believes in prayer and healing.
"We trust in God for everything. We trusted him to take care of our illnesses and heal us," Shawn Sprout said.
"They all loved him dearly, and obviously it wasn't our wish to have him pass away obviously, but it wasn't in our hands," he said.
Shawn Sprout said Austin loved playing basketball and hunting, and he was very close with his family.
Shawn Sprout said Austin's parents gave their son the option to seek medical care when he was sick, but that it was Austin's choice not to see a doctor.
"It was his choice to trust in God. And obviously, if he wanted to call the hospital, it was up to him and we gave that option to him so it was his choice to trust in God," said Shawn Sprout.
Sprout said he believes Austin passed away because it was God's will.
"It's what we live for. We live to die so we can go to heaven."
Despite MASSIVE Data Collecting Efforts – Obama Administration Can't Find 6 Million Illegal Immigrants
Not only do we know that the National Security Agency (NSA) collects information from emails and telephone calls, not only is the United States government spying on everyone, but it is keeping some 20 billion records on Americans alone and millions of others on Internet users across the world. According to journalist Glenn Greenwald, “The NSA sucks up into its systems billions and billions of communication activities every week—billions and billions. In fact, the data-mining documents that we published reflected it sucks up 90 billion in a 30-day period, including three billion in the United States.”
Immigrants rally for “Amnistia.”
Despite this, at the same time the US government can't find nearly 6 million illegal immigrants.
In 2011 Judicial Watch reported:
Almost a decade after Middle Eastern terrorists with expired visas attacked the U.S., the government has failed to implement a security measure to adequately track foreigners like them who enter the country legally but never leave. As a result nearly half of the nation's estimated 12 million illegal immigrants actually entered the U.S. legally but overstayed their visa, according to a new federal report. That's because the agency responsible for keeping the nation safe—the Department of Homeland Security—can't keep track of immigrants who remain in the U.S. after their visas expire. This clearly creates a huge national security issue because terrorists can plot more attacks from within. In fact, dozens of foreigners convicted of terrorism since the 2001 attacks had overstayed their visas, according to the report, which was published by the investigative arm of Congress known as the Government Accountability Office (GAO). The GAO launched its probe after learning from an independent study that 4 to 5.5 million immigrants had entered the country legally and overstayed their authorized periods of admission. In the course of the probe, GAO investigators interviewed a number of high-ranking Homeland Security officials, visited various field offices and reviewed a mountain of documents.They found that the Department of Homeland Security's program to identify visa violators by comparing entry and exit data is inefficient and can only process around half of the potential overstays it detects.
But, at least they have your email on file.
For the record… FBI requests for records under Patriot Act have increased 1,000% in just four years.
IAB Award winners revealed
PwC and Morison International were among the winners of the International Accounting Bulletin's inagural industry awards.
The cocktail reception, which took part in London on 8th March, was attended by more than 60 industry leaders and special guest Sir David Tweedie, who received the lifetime achievement award.
International Accounting Bulletin received more than 100 nominations from across the world across 13 categories. The shortlists and winners were adjudicated by a judging panel, which was comprised of former BDO global chief executive Jeremy Newman, ACCA technical director Sue Almond, London City lawyer Jane Howard and International Accounting Bulletin editor Arvind Hickman.
Photographs of the event will be available shortly.
IAB Awards 2012 Winners
Network of the Year
PwC
PwC capped off a strong year of 10% growth by reclaiming its position as the largest global network from Deloitte. PwC is also the top performing firm among rivals in audit and advisory.
PwC has been heavily involved in CSR initiatives as well as contributing meaningful thought leadership on issues such as strengthening the role of audit committee reports.
The network has nearly doubled staff mobility in the past year, making it a diverse workplace. And the network is recognised in many countries as an employer of choice.
Rising Star Network
Kreston International
Kreston has posted solid growth of 5% but what really impressed judges is Kreston's successful transition from an association to a network. This involves rolling a common audit methodology, common quality control and an audit firm inspection programme. It's a massive undertaking, and Kreston was recently welcomed to the Forum of Firms for its efforts.
Association of the Year
Morison International
Aside from a good financial performance, Morison International displayed many examples of client and member firm satisfaction that eclipsed its rivals.
Morison improved its strategic positions across several geographies, adding MacIntyre Hudson in the UK, Marks Paneth & Shron in the US and 2KAudit in Russia.
Morison also rolled out an association-wide technical support service to all member firms.
Rising Star Association
Morison International
Morison International has performed particularly well in the past year with 44% growth. Importantly, 37% of Morison's members have been recruited in the past two years, which highlights consistent growth.
Audit Innovation of the Year
Mazars - Human Rights Audit
Mazars has taken a lead role in assessing audit clients against the Mazars Indicators for Human Rights Compliance. These indicators measure how well a company is complying with basic human rights. They are assessed against local laws and consolidated at an international level.
Judges felt the Mazars Human Rights Audit was pertinent, innovative and could set a benchmark for global best practice.
Tax Adviser of the Year
BDO International
BDO demonstrated how a co-ordinated, cross-border approach to tax planning helped a major IT client in 60 countries identify and resolve tax risks and maximise its tax position. The firm also advised on European VAT, Enterprise Resource Planning systems, R&D credits and transfer pricing – a full suite of tax services across the whole BDO network.
Consultancy of the Year
Deloitte London 2012
Deloitte has advised on over 200 advisory projects for the London Olympic Games in business management, procurement, operational readiness and organisational design.
Deloitte's LOGOC framework work on integrated strategic and business planning is now an International Olympic Committee template.
It is fair to say Deloitte has set a gold medal standard in service provision to the global sports management industry.
Employer of the Year
Plante Moran (United States)
Plante Moran has a staff turnover rate of less than 13% in the past 10 years.
Most importantly, our judges warmed to Plante Moran's focus on staff just having fun, an often overlooked aspect of professional life.
KPMG UK and Beierholm were highly commended in this category.
Sustainable Firm of the Year
KPMG
Since 2007, KPMG has reduced its global carbon emissions by 29%. KPMG is the only firm at a global level to participate in the supply chain program of the Carbon Disclosure project.
The firm recently held a high profile business sustainability summit in collaboration with the UN Global Compact, and in Europe, KPMG staff volunteered 77,500 hours of time to the community.
PwC was highly commended in this category.
IT Vendor of the Year
CaseWare International
In 2011, Caseware International released its Audit International product, which helped firms across the world conduct audits in a more efficient and intuitive manner. CaseWare International also launched Collaborate which allows teams to access all engagement data in real-time from a secure cloud-based repository.
Young Accountant of the Year
Trond-Morten Lindberg (BDO Norway)
Trond-Morten is the managing partner of a firm with turnover of €130m and 550 partners and staff. Trond-Morten helped BDO Norway through a transition from a federation of firms to a single national firm.
After helping conclude a merger with a former Praxity firm, Trond-Morten led BDO Norway through a period of rapid growth - 50% in the past two years - and BDO is now considered a serious competitor to the Big Four in the Danish market.
International Accounting Bulletin Personality of the Year
Jeremy Newman
Our choice for this year's award has been described as many things by his peers and foes, but one of those is not ‘a shrinking violet'. Love him or loathe him, there are not many in the profession who do not respect his many achievements and his innate ability to stand up for what he believes in, regardless of how it conflicts with your own point of view.
Rarely one to shy from the media spotlight, and our readers will attest to this, our personality of the year might not be in a position to run for this award ever again - well that's what he had us believe, until a month ago.
International Accounting Bulletin Lifetime Achievement Award
Sir David Tweedie
As chairman of the International Accounting Standards Board for 10 years David Tweedie has undoubtedly been the driving force behind the global transition from national accounting standards to international standards. Testament to his hard work, passion and belief, IFRS is now the accepted set of financial reporting standards in more than 100 countries, with the US and Japan likely to follow suit – a feat that was not even conceivable 10 years ago.
A slower than normal recovery and continued soreness from off-season surgery, Tampa Bay Rays shortstop Matt Duffy is finally seeing the light at the end of the tunnel.
At the trade deadline last summer, the Tampa Bay Rays acquired shortstop Matt Duffy from the San Francisco Giants for pitcher Matt Moore even though Duffy was injured and on the disabled list. Just weeks before the trade, when the Giants were in town Duffy sustained the Achilles heel injury, so the Rays were aware but made the deal as he was the key acquisition.
Duffy would make his debut with the Rays on August 12, however, continuing soreness in the Achilles heel followed throughout the remaining weeks of the season leading to shutting down Duffy early as he would require season-ending surgery. Duffy would manage to play in just 21 games for the Rays slashing .276/.300/.355 (21-for-76) with one home run and seven RBIs.
The surgery would address the problem and was considered a simple procedure of shaving the heel bone down to reduce irritation to the Achilles heel – by having the season-ending surgery Duffy would be 100 percent ready for spring training and the season. As we all know by now, that was not the case.
The Rays were patient throughout spring training, not wanting to rush Duffy back, making sure that he was 100 percent ready. There was hope that by mid-March Duffy would be game ready that however never happened, as Duffy's recovery was slower than expected.
Full speed workouts, such as batting practice, running, taking ground balls had to be curtailed, as Duffy would have soreness and pain after the workouts. Although this was not considered a setback, but just a precaution to curtail his workouts it did however mean that he would not get into any spring training games and would, could require him to open the season on the disabled list.
The disabled list is where Duffy would begin the season and is where he is as of today, but the news is encouraging as Duffy has begun running the bases and is doing so at Tropicana Field under the watchful eyes of head trainer Ron Porterfield and manager Kevin Cash. Duffy is on a workout routine alternating running the bases and taking grounders as the Rays amp up his workouts.
#Rays Matt Duffy (heel) advanced to running out of the box as works toward return pic.twitter.com/ySYWp3EBYA — Marc Topkin (@TBTimes_Rays) May 5, 2017
Marc Topkin of the Tampa Bay Times reports Duffy ran the bases for the first time on Monday and felt good the next day. Duffy will run again on Monday, and if all goes well the Rays will make a decision as to whether or not he is ready to begin a rehab assignment.
While it is good news that Duffy is finally nearing a return, it will also mean that Tim Beckham who has been at short in his absence is likely to see his playing time reduced. On the other hand, if he can continue to produce offensively, which he has done so far slashing .264/.295/.500 with six home runs and 15 RBIs (113 at-bats) in 29 games, he could force Cash to platoon him at second with Brad Miller.
The Sun of Sunday reports that the Belgium international, who would cost £12 million, could be signed as a replacement for John Obi Mikel, who is expected to leave Stamford Bridge before the new season kicks off.
Dembele's Belgium team-mate Axel Witsel is also being linked with the Blues and The Sun suggests the midfielder would cost in the region of £24 million.
Chelsea have also scouted Marseille's 22-year-old Gianelli Imbula, although Valencia are apparently the frontrunners for the French midfielder.
Transfer window closes in
The agent of Manchester City striker Edin Dzeko has denied the Bosnia striker has contacted Chelsea about a move to Stamford Bridge and says the 29-year-old will most likely stay at the Etihad.
Agent Irfan Redzepagic has told ESPN: "Every day they are linking him to another team. First it was Atletico, then Juventus and now Roma, Chelsea... these are all journalists' guesses and speculations, repeating with every transfer window. I'm bored with repeating that there's nothing in it.
Edin Dzeko
"Edin is currently on holidays. He hasn't rejected any offers, because there simply weren't any. That is the whole truth of it."
West Ham are trying to convince Barcelona to let them sign Alex Song on a free transfer, although talks have also taken place over a potential switch to Chelsea.
Barça are believed to have valued Song at around £5 million, but the Hammers have suggested that they sign the midfielder for free and take on his entire £70,000-a-week wages.
Song still has two years to run on his Barça contract and the Spanish club face the prospect of paying a share of his current salary for that period if no club is willing to match it.
Alex Song
This morning's Sunday Telegraph reports that Chelsea and Man City have also shown interest in Song due to his status as a home-grown player, but it is unclear whether or not the two clubs are willing to pay a fee.
And finally, Mourinho is considering making a bid for Everton's England international defender John Stones, reveals The Sunday Express.
Stones is highly regarded within Chelsea and would also help Mourinho's side meet the required Premier League quota of home reared players.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Did you know Telegraph Sport has a Chelsea Facebook page?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Stone has matured since his bargain £3 million moves from Barnsley in January 2013 into a ball-playing central-defender with bags of potential.
Everton would be loathe to part with a player they rate at around £15 million but manager Roberto Martinez could use the money to strengthen his own squad.
He is trying to sign Crystal Palace's central defender Scott Dann and Barcelona winger Gerard Deulofeu who spent a season on loan at Goodison Park.
Russia to Unveil New Piloted Spacecraft at MAKS Airshow
by Staff Writers
Novo-Ogaryovo, Russia (RIA Novosti) Jun 18, 2013
A mock-up of Russia's new piloted spacecraft will be showcased in August at the MAKS airshow near Moscow, Russia's space chief said Friday.
The new craft, being developed by the Russian spaceship manufacturer RKK Energia, is expected to make its maiden flight in 2018.
"At the MAKS airshow, we will soon see the mock-up of the spaceship, which will fly in 2018," space chief Vladimir Popovkin said at a meeting with President Vladimir Putin and Russian cosmonauts.
Energia won a tender to design and develop the piloted spacecraft in April 2009. It is expected that several modifications of the ship will be made. One will be designed for Earth and lunar orbits, another to repair spacecraft, while a third will remove outdated spacecraft from orbit.
Popovkin said Friday that the Russian Federal Space Agency, also known as Roscosmos, received sufficient state funding to implement a comprehensive space exploration program but lacked "bright ideas" to use the funds efficiently.
He added that about 40 percent of Roscosmos' budget was allocated for research into manned spaceflight and the development of piloted spacecraft.
According to open sources, Roscosmos' core budget for this year is estimated at 128.3 billion rubles ($4 billion).
Source: RIA Novosti
Steve Horwitz
In a column at Vox yesterday morning, Matt Yglesias gave us 7 reasons to think a gold standard is a terrible idea. They are not all completely wrong (a low bar, I suppose), but it's worth exploring exactly what the problems are.
1) A gold standard wouldn't stabilize inflation
His evidence for this is the gold-price of oil since the mid-80s. Aside from the fact that looking at one price alone doesn't tell us much about inflation (especially with a commodity like oil that has its own constant changes in supply and demand, which are part and parcel of a market economy), using fluctuations in the price of gold or the gold-price of other commodities under a fiat money standard as evidence of gold's volatility misses the whole point. Gold is an inflation hedge, and to the degree that inflation is more likely under fiat money regimes, of course gold will vary in value a great deal (and therefore so will the gold prices of other commodities). But that's not a problem with gold, that's a problem with central bank fiat money. Under a proper gold standard, the inflation threat would be much lower, making fluctuations in the price of gold much less than they are right now. The gold standard might have problems, but this is not a good argument against it.
2) A gold standard wouldn't stabilize exchange rates
Yglesias points out that unless every country goes to a gold standard, you won't get the benefits of stable exchange rates. And he does have a point here, but that's all the more reason to convince those other countries to move to some sort of commodity standard as well! Notice too that this is not a way in which gold makes things worse – it just doesn't make something better. So if gold has other advantages, this point is a wash with the status quo.
3) There's no inflation problem to cure
Partial credit here. He's correct that changes in the price level have been minimal in the last few years, but if we look instead at growth rates in the monetary base, there's much to still be concerned about. Banks are still flush with reserves and how those are going to be removed or neutralized remains unclear. The Fed still does not appear to have credible exit strategy and, without one, inflation remains, if not a current problem, a serious threat.
But the bigger point is that if we think about the gold standard as an economic constraint on a central bank, it can help prevent the sort of expansionary policy and artificially low interest rates that were major contributors to the housing boom , financial crisis, Great Recession, and Abysmal Recovery. There may or may not be an inflation problem now, but expansionary monetary policy is a big part of what got us into this mess (and several others in the post-gold standard era) and one good argument for the gold standard is that it can reduce the likelihood of that happening again.
4) There's nothing stopping you from writing gold contracts
This is true - it's no longer illegal. But again, the variation in the price of gold that results from the uncertainty around the value of the fiat dollar reduces the marginal benefit of a contract stipulated in gold. And, again, that is not evidence against the gold standard, but evidence about the problems of fiat money for which investment in gold is a hedge.
5) Gold recessions could last for years
Yglesias points to the length of recessions before the Fed and then, of all things, the length of the Great Depression as evidence against the gold standard and that “the Federal Reserve is a far-from-perfect manager of the economy, but it does a lot better than that.”
Well, where to begin? First, while we did have a gold standard before the Fed, we certainly did not have the kind of gold standard that most folks are arguing for today, particularly not those of us who are arguing for a free banking system based on gold. The various regulations that prevented banks from adjusting their currency supplies to the demand to hold it were the primary reason (along with the lack of interstate banking) for the long and painful recessions before the Fed. Yglesias has to explain why these were absent in Canada which also had a gold standard, and a more “pure” one than the US. Absent such an answer, this is not evidence against the gold standard.
As for the Great Depression…. Really? The Great Depression is evidence of how much better the Fed is than a gold standard? Even if you don't accept the Austrian argument that Fed expansion during the 20s (made possible by its monopoly status even under a gold standard), certainly the Friedman-Schwartz argument about its role in the early 30s in deflating the money supply demonstrates that the Fed was a huge problem and that “far from perfect” is the understatement of the monetary century.
And if one wants to count “gold recessions,” one should also count the numerous recession generated by post-1933 and post-1971 inflations here, as well as the inflations themselves. Inflation was nearly absent in the 19th century (whatever that system's flaws) but has become a huge problem only after the gold standard was totally abandoned in 1971.
The history of the last 100 years of central banking is the best argument there is for getting away from central banking. And the Canadian case shows that the gold standard isn't the cause of the long US recessions before the Fed.
6) The gold standard wouldn't eliminate political money
Here Yglesias has a point in two possible ways. First, if by the gold standard one means central banking with a gold standard, then yes, by definition we still have political money. If he means a gold standard without central banking, then he still has a point in claiming that Congress could always change its mind and end the gold standard again. No argument here, but there are steps we could take to make that harder by constitutionalizing the gold standard or limits on government involvement in money. It's no guarantee, but it helps.
7) Gold-backed money reduces the supply of gold
Yglesias writes “That means forcing banks to hold their reserves in terms of giant piles of physical gold would impose a cost on the real economy. Gold held in bank vaults is gold that is not available for industrial or decorative uses.” Several problems here. First, the gold in bank vaults is not, therefore, useless. To the degree that it serves as a check on central bank expansion, it plays a very useful economic role that is no less important than its other uses. Second, historical gold standards under free banking had very low reserve ratios, on the order of less than 3%, and not all of that was gold. In a modern economy, the amount of gold banks would have to have on hand in their vaults in a fractional reserve free banking system would be minimal. So Yglesias underestimates the benefits and overestimates the costs.
And to the degree that gold would gain a monetary use, the incentive for people to dig it up out of the ground would be greater not less and this would increase the supply of gold. It's not clear that Yglesias understands what economists mean by “supply.”
One final comment: critics of the gold standard need to specify what they mean by “the gold standard.” Do they mean a central bank whose liabilities are redeemable in gold? Do they mean a 100% reserve private system? Do they mean fractional reserve free banking on a gold standard? These differences matter as these systems perform differently and if you want to criticize the gold standard, you need to be clear on what it is you think that means. That aside, Yglesias fails on most of his 7 objections here and the gold standard, at least in the form I'd like to see it as part of a free banking system, remains a very good idea.
Cross posted at Bleeding Heart Libertarians and Free Banking
Baseball may be the American pastime but food comes in at a close second. Baseball stadiums across the country try to impress attendees by serving extreme food. Most of the time this food is gimmicky and doesn't have much flavor other than fried. The Dbacks and Chase Field do not have this problem! In fact, they strive for and succeed at serving up the wow factor!
We are always excited to try extreme food and our visit to Chase Field was no exception. We had a game plan set and knew exactly what we wanted to try! We were going after the beastly Pit Viper Sandwich, the gluttonous Chile Verde Mac and Cheese Hot Dog, and the spicy Crispy Buffalo Chicken Fries! We also tried a few other things that will be in a separate blog in a few weeks (be sure to check back). It was a challenge to eat the amount we did (they definitely do not skimp on portion size) but we managed. After all, it was research right?
We started with the massive Pit Viper Sandwich. This thing is a beast! It must weigh a pound easily! We were shocked at just how heavy it was! The sandwich is made of: pit-smoked pork, caramelized onions and Yancey's Fancy Peppadew Cheddar cheese on thick-cut bread, battered and fried until golden with house made Snake Bite BBQ sauce. The flavors in this sandwich are fantastic! The Snake Bite BBQ sauce is spicy and smoky and at the time it made me wish I had fries to dip in it! Literally, this sandwich is the manly version of the Monte Cristo. No powdered sugar here!
After a brief break (we did actually watch the game), we decided to tackle the Chile Verde Mac and Cheese Hot Dog. Another gigantic option, this hot dog is topped with green chile mac and pepper jack cheese. What we really enjoyed about it, was that instead of just being mac and cheese with a few green chiles thrown into it, it had a distinct verde salsa flavor. Be warned though, this hot dog definitely needs to be eaten with a fork and knife due to the copious amounts of mac and cheese and the size of the hot dog!
Last but certainly not least, we tried the Crispy Buffalo Chicken Fries. We were so stuffed at this point but knew we must persevere! These glorious waffle fries are loaded with Chihuahua cheese sauce, crispy Buffalo chicken, blue cheese and celery. The Buffalo sauce actually had a surprising kick which we really appreciated and we loved that they piled on the blue cheese! We were not left bemoaning the lack of cheese!
We had a blast eating our way around Chase Field! In the next few weeks we will be doing a feature on some of the vegan options at Chase Field! So stay tuned! In the meantime, what are your favorite things to eat at Chase Field? We'd love to know! Leave a comment below or use the hash tag #GeekEats.
*The Geeks were given comped items to facilitate this write-up; Information about the menu items was provided to us, opinions are wholly our own. View our Disclosure Policy for more info.
There were eight NFL head coaches replaced this offseason; seven of the replacements have never been head coaches at the NFL level: Bruce Arians (Arizona), Doug Marrone (Buffalo), Marc Trestman (Chicago), Rob Chudzinksi (Cleveland), Gus Bradley (Jacksonville), Chip Kelly (Philadelphia), and Mike McCoy (San Diego). The other new coach, Andy Reid, spent the previous 14 seasons as the head coach of the Eagles and doesn't count as a rookie head coach because this isn't his first NFL head coaching job. Here I will take a look at the three NFL rookie head coaches with the best chances at first-year success.
Doug Marrone, Buffalo Bills
I've already written an article about Bills rookie quarterback EJ Manuel and what he needs to do to have a successful first year. A big part of his potential for success is dependent on Marrone and offensive coordinator/QB coach Nathaniel Hackett. The two of them need to help Manuel work on his accuracy, decision-making, and comfortability in the pocket, as well as implementing an offensive scheme that will give him the best opportunity to thrive. Marrone's legacy will be tied to the QB he drafted in the first round, when most didn't grade him that high. Marrone had plenty of success with now Giants QB Ryan Nassib when the two were at Syracuse, and Marrone seems even more enthusiastic at Manuel's potential.
Looking at the Bills' roster, I believe they have the talent to win at least seven games (Panthers, at Jets, at Browns, Jets, at Buccaneers, at Jaguars, Dolphins). Manuel, RB C.J. Spiller, and WR Stevie Johnson all have the skill and speed to run a successful fast-paced offense, as long as they can learn to co-exist and work together quickly. The defense has talent, especially in Mario Williams and Jairus Byrd, but they need to play to their potential, not allowing opposing offenses to push them around nearly as much as they did in 2012.
Schedule-wise, opening and closing the season against the Patriots will be brutal – can Marrone out-coach Brady and Belichick? – but it leaves the middle 14 games looking much better in comparison. Other tough matchups include games at home against the Ravens and Bengals, a game at the Steelers, and a “home” game in Toronto against the Falcons. Make no mistake; the Bills are not a playoff team yet. But Marrone definitely has the overall coaching experience (20 years at a mix of NCAA and NFL levels, 4 as a head coach at Syracuse) to help them make serious progress. Playing two games per season against the Jets will surely help.
Marc Trestman, Chicago Bears
Don't forget that the Bears were a 10-win team in 2012. They may not have made the playoffs, but they showed that they have the talent to win more games than many teams. Teams with double-digit wins don't typically change head coaches, unless that coach opts to retire, but Chicago's management couldn't deal with any more almost-good-enough seasons with Smith at the helm. Trestman is an interesting hire, as he's had success both as a coordinator in the NFL and as a head coach in the CFL (where he won two Grey Cups [league championships] with the Montreal Alouettes). He was the OC for the Oakland Raiders when they made it to Super Bowl XXXVII and QB Rich Gannon won the NFL MVP Award. He also coached the CFL's Most Outstanding Player, QB Anthony Calvillo, in 2008 and 2009. This is his first time as an NFL head coach, though, and he'll absolutely face more pressure and scrutiny than he did when he coached Montreal.
There is plenty of differing opinion when it comes to Bears starting QB Jay Cutler, but most would agree that the Bears are in the best position of the teams with rookie head coaches when it comes to the QB position. Michael Vick (Philadelphia) and Phillip Rivers (San Diego) are above average, but would you really have either one of them than Cutler? I personally wouldn't, as a coach or as a fan. Cutler isn't incredibly accurate, but he's a solid starter. He's not elite, but I put him in the top 20 of NFL QBs (I wouldn't put Vick or Rivers that high at this point in their careers). The main thing when it comes to Cutler is whether or not he can control his attitude; I think he can with Trestman coaching him. In addition to Cutler, the Bears also have elite WR Brandon Marshall, who had T-2nd-most receptions (118), 3rd-most receiving yards (1508), and T-4th-most receiving TDs (11) in 2012. Throw in RB Matt Forte, who has 5,300+ rushing yards and 26 rushing TDs in his first five NFL seasons, along with 2300+ receiving yards and 9 receiving TDs.
Obviously, the Bears have a tougher schedule than most, having to play their fellow NFC North teams two times each, but it's actually fairly difficult even after the six divisional games. The Bears face the AFC North and the NFC East this season, which is no simple task. Thankfully, they play many of their hardest games at home, but matching their 10 wins from last season may be asking too much of Trestman in his first year. Is it possible? Sure. But I think 8-8 or 9-7 is much more likely.
Chip Kelly, Philadelphia Eagles
How will Chip Kelly's crazy-fast, high-scoring Oregon offense translate to the NFL? Will he use the exact same offensive scheme, or will he make major adjustments? Can the Eagles' players mesh well enough with each other and with their new coach to contend for a playoff spot? I think the Eagles are the most intriguing team heading into 2013. Chip Kelly had an incredible amount of success at the University of Oregon, even if he never won a BCS Championship. He was in such a good position there that he almost didn't take the Eagles' head coaching position. But the thought of taking the NFL by storm and leading the Eagles back to glory was too much to pass up. The Eagles' management is certainly happy to have gotten their man, but will the move lead to success for the Eagles, or will Kelly be the next bust in a line of college football head coaches who failed to make the successful leap to the NFL? I think he has what it takes to succeed. Quickly.
I said earlier that Michael Vick isn't a top-20 NFL QB, and I stand by that, mostly because of injuries. One positive for the Eagles is their backup QB situation. They may not be one of the three that I highlighted in my earlier article about best and worst backup QB situations, but Nick Foles and Matt Barkley can both be serviceable backups (Foles has already proven that he can be; I think Barkley will prove so soon enough). They also have speedsters LeSean McCoy at running back and DeSean Jackson at wide receiver/returner to help run a quick offense and special teams, much like Kelly did at Oregon.
The Eagles don't have one of the easiest schedules in 2013, playing the NFC North and AFC West, in addition to their own NFC East, but because they finished last in the division, they play Arizona and Tampa Bay as their two other opponents. I see them winning eight or nine games but just missing out on the playoffs. I definitely think Kelly is right for the Eagles, though, and I see him eventually leading the Eagles back to the Super Bowl.
On President Barack Obama's 55th birthday, Glamour has published a powerful essay by the POTUS explaining why feminism is so important to him — not only as a man, but also as a father and husband.
"Michelle and I have raised our daughters to speak up when they see a double standard or feel unfairly judged based on their gender or race — or when they notice that happening to someone else," Obama wrote. "It's important for them to see role models out in the world who climb to the highest levels of whatever field they choose. And yes, it's important that their dad is a feminist, because now that's what they expect of all men."
Mic/Pool/Getty Images President Barack Obama with his daughters Malia (L) and Sasha (C)
In the piece, Obama acknowledged the disproportionate burdens his mother and wife faced as working women. He then admitted that raising two daughters has opened his eyes even more to the social pressures and challenges young women face today.
Recognizing his own male privilege, he wrote, was the first step toward seeing how gender inequality affects men and women alike.
"It is absolutely men's responsibility to fight sexism too." — Barack Obama Tweet
"We need to break through these limitations," Obama wrote. "We need to keep changing the attitude that raises our girls to be demure and our boys to be assertive, that criticizes our daughters for speaking out and our sons for shedding a tear. We need to keep changing the attitude that punishes women for their sexuality and rewards men for theirs."
Although Obama has publicly self-identified as a feminist before, it's still disappointingly rare for American men to label themselves feminists. In January, a national survey published by the Washington Post suggested only about 23% of men actually considered themselves feminists.
Obama's essay is a step toward encouraging men to view feminism as a universal human struggle, not strictly a women's issue. He also emphasized how important it is for men to work at creating equality at home and in their personal relationships, in addition to pledging their public support for gender equality.
"It's easy to absorb all kinds of messages from society about masculinity and come to believe that there's a right way and a wrong way to be a man," he wrote. "But as I got older, I realized that my ideas about being a tough guy or cool guy just weren't me. They were a manifestation of my youth and insecurity. Life became a lot easier when I simply started being myself."
Four more years, please?
This Is Hormel is a short in the grand tradition of David and Hazel and Setting Up A Room, where you look at the time remaining on your media player and think “Clearly that has to be a mistake.” But no! It's a half hour long Hormel infomercial masquerading as an educational short that must be seen to be believed!
In theory, this short is about Brad and Greg, two boys who while apparently attempting to set a world record for boredom on summer vacation, write a letter to the Hormel factory asking if they can take a tour. To their surprise, they do not receive a letter back asking “What the hell is wrong with you, go play outside!” but instead an invitation to serve as a thinly veiled framing device for a solid half hour of meat footage.
And oh, the meat footage...You'll witness the creation of a mysterious substance known as “ingredient meat.” You'll visit the hide cellar, a place that makes Gary, Indiana look like Disneyland combined with the beaches of Maui. And you'll witness the creation of Spam, a substance that evidently is at times purchased unironically.
It's a meatfest of the highest order, and we feel like even Upton Sinclair himself would begrudgingly approve. Just don't touch any machines operated by guys with less than four fingers. Join Mike, Kevin, and Bill for This Is Hormel!
“Cyber resilience” company UpGuard claims to have found a publicly-accessible AWS S3 bucket full of classified US intelligence data.
The company's Dan O'Sullivan says colleague Chris Vickery found an “unsecured Amazon Web Services 'S3' bucket” and that the firm's “Analysis of the exposed information suggests the overall project is related to the US National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA), a combat support and intelligence agency housed within the Department of Defense (DoD).”
O'Sullivan's post says “information that would ordinarily require a Top Secret-level security clearance from the DoD was accessible to anyone looking in the right place; no hacking was required to gain credentials needed for potentially accessing materials of a high classification level.”
The post says “domain registrations and credentials within the data set point to private-sector defense firm Booz Allen Hamilton (BAH), as well as industry peer Metronome ” as the likely renters of the bucket. O'Sullivan goes on to explain that UpGuard contacted BAH on May 24th, received no response, and on the 25th approached the NGA directly.
Nine minutes after that second approach the bucket was secured. BAH got in touch later that day and “made no apparent indication they were aware that the exposure had already been plugged — itself a noteworthy event.”
UpGuard makes the point that configuration errors are as likely to cause security breaches as determined efforts by criminals, and that this incident shows that any organisation's security is only as good as its suppliers'. Neither of which will be news to Reg readers. Nor, sadly, will be the fact that even organisations that should know better, like defense contractors, can make stupid errors.
At the time of writing, BAH and the NGA both appear not to have made any public comment on the mess. ®
Lindsey Vonn was inside the ropes during Tiger Woods' British Open practice round at Muirfield Golf Club and, naturally, the skiing star drew the attention of photographers and British tabloids.
Judging from the pictures, the couple appeared to have a great time together on the course, though Vonn looked bored at times, which is understandable because watching your significant other practice golf sounds like one of the least interesting things in the world, even if said significant other is Tiger Woods.
Here's a rundown of Lindsey Vonn photos from Monday and our best guess as to how she was feeling during each.
Artistic
Reflective
Disappointed that Tiger still does the wink and the gun.
Thirsty
Skeptical that Joe LaCava is coming up with the correct yardage
Probably a little chilly
Tired
Pleased with Tiger's chivalry after her fatigue
Greatly amused
Mostly amused
Pretty amused
Still somewhat amused
Less amused, but clinging to strands of amusement
Not amused at all
Endorsing
Conversational
Probably picked Rory to win
PHOTOS: Click “Next” below to look back at Tiger's career
Having already released one outstanding album in 2014 Visione on his imprint Eerie, Marco Shuttle is ready to unleash a new full-length that testifies to his diverse talents as a producer. For his new outing, Systhema, he has teamed up with the Spazio Disponibile label of Donato Dozzy and Neel. The artwork has been created by the talented NY based artist/illustrator Neilsecluded which features a portrait of Marco himself and a sort of abstract, snake-like design in the gatefold, somehow reminiscent of the Middle Eastern flavour that the album sometimes subliminally exudes.
Like Visione, Systhema is an album painted mainly with dark hues and with a masterful use of negative space – but it's a darkness that provides the ideal projection surface for the kind of mental imagery that listeners might not know they had within them. Fans of Marco's impressive back catalog of singles (e.g. “Sing Like A Bird” or the more recent “Flauto Synthetico”) will find much of the same drive and esoteric energy here, but with that something extra which can only come with an extended amount of listening time.
It all begins with the overture “Adrift,” a patiently evolving and panoramic track in which tantalizing Middle Eastern phrases are framed by deep drones and a foreboding metallic rain. This fades easily into “Thebe,” a unique track something between a slow waltz and a hallucinatory desert journey (complete with the sound of winds rushing over vast expanses of terrain). “I Fail, You Fall” then arrives and brings with it the first appearance of a sturdy techno rhythm, adding a modern sense of urgency to the captivating and timeless noir atmosphere developed over the course of the album so far. Tense, swirling progressions rise from and fade back into a thick haze of reverberation, as chilly percussion accents surround the listener on all sides.
[soundcloud url=”https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/316022273″ params=”auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true” width=”100%” height=”100″ iframe=”true” /]
Marco's salute to dwarf planet “Eris” invites the listener into a sound experience characterized by the ascension of rolling bass drums and the agitated clacking of giant insectoid creatures. The laboratory feel of “Con Sequenza,” with its shuffling snare, authoritative bass kick and determined, climbing synth sequence, then takes things in a slightly different direction: it temporarily changes out the feeling of mystery and legend for one of scientific rigor (in the process, it highlights the questing nature which lies behind both scientific / technological and spiritual methods of discovery). “Venera 3” returns us again to a more lush and humid environment alive with organic squishiness and hidden secrets. By this point in the trip, Shuttle's arrangements just seem to get more cinematic with each successive track, though eventually many of the built-up tensions are released in the optimistic-sounding “Olga,” a blanket of sound that may bring back to mind 90's UK ambient, leaning intelligent techno. “Ende” concludes on a similar high note with soaring atmospherics, bringing everything full circle in a bright and majestic way.
[soundcloud url=”https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/311486672″ params=”auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true” width=”100%” height=”100″ iframe=”true” /]
Introduction
What happened in Maine is a sobering reality check on the oft-repeated myth that getting rid of ObamaCare and other consumer protections is the answer to our health care problems. If the government will just get out of the way, the myth-makers would have us believe, the free market will magically transform our dysfunctional health care systems into one of the world's very best.
The voters in Maine fell for magical thinking in 2010 when they turned over control of the legislature and governor's office to candidates who promised to block ObamaCare and implement what they called “common sense” free-market solutions. Once they did, they assured voters, insurance premiums would fall and more people would have access to affordable care.
Sure enough, soon after being sworn in, lawmakers passed legislation that in many ways took Maine in the opposite direction of where President Obama wanted to go. When newly elected Republican Governor Paul LePage signed the bill into law —a bill enthusiastically endorsed by insurance companies — many consumer protections enacted over two decades disappeared. Especially hard hit: people living in rural areas and folks over 40.
Among other things, the new law abolished protections for rural families that had required insurers to have at least one doctor in their provider networks within 30 miles of where those families lived and at least one hospital within 60 miles. The law also allows insurance companies to effectively double rates for older residents. That provision is affecting not only individuals and families, but also small businesses that employ older workers. Within months of the bill's passage, insurers began jacking up the rates they charged businesses with older workers by 90 percent or more.
Even so, backers of the new law continued to insist that after it had been in effect for awhile, the measure would help a majority of Mainers.
But those promises have turned out to be empty, as Consumers for Affordable Health Care, a statewide advocacy group, found following a review of company reports filed with the Maine Bureau of Insurance since the law was enacted. What they found should dash the hopes of even the most ardent free-market supporters.
The group found that more than half of individual policyholders saw their rates go up, not down. It was even worse for small businesses: 90 percent of them got rate increases instead of decreases. And, as consumer advocates had feared, the hardest hit were indeed older workers and people living in rural areas, most of whom saw good coverage options previously available to them disappear.
In response to the group's report, backers of the law said they still expect rates will eventually go down for many people as more young folks start buying policies. Their optimism is based on the theory that as insurers charge older people more, they can charge younger people less. If the theory holds, previously uninsured young people will begin signing up for coverage in droves. Once that happens, the pool of insured residents will increase and insurers, being good corporate citizens, will then lower premiums for everybody else.
The problem is that, in the absence of subsidies and a requirement that they buy insurance, some young people are still deciding to remain uninsured. Not so much because they want to be uninsured, but because they just don't make enough money to pay for health insurance on their own. And many who do consider buying a policy undoubtedly are being turned off by just how inadequate the policies with relatively low premiums really are. Most of the policies marketed to young people have either limited benefits or very high deductibles — or both — meaning that they do not represent good value for consumers. What they do represent are big profits for insurance firms.
As Joseph Ditré, executive director of Consumers for Affordable Health Care, said, “The promise of new young, healthy uninsureds returning to the health insurance market and thereby lowering prices for everyone is just not happening.”
And small businesses are not seeing better deals, either, as a result of the law. On the contrary, insurance companies are raising premiums on small businesses in all geographic areas, not just in remote areas. Especially hard hit are businesses with older workers.
Ditré worries that because of the sharp premium increases that are going into effect throughout the state, not only will the number of uninsured Mainers increase but those who are most likely to drop their coverage as it becomes increasingly unaffordable are those who need it most: older people.
So much for magical thinking and the fantastical free-market ideas to fix health care.
While Florenz Ziegfeld, Jr. built the Ziegfeld Follies on the concept of glorifying the American girl, songs written about masculine appeal have a distinctly different air to them. After her success as Julie LaVerne in the 1927 world premiere of Show Boat, Helen Morgan recreated her characterization of the the mixed-race woman in the 1936 film adaptation. Here she is singing one of Jerome Kern's great hits ("Bill") with lyrics by P.G. Wodehouse.
In 1943, One Touch of Venus opened on Broadway with music by Kurt Weill and lyrics by Ogden Nash. In the following clip, Mary Martin can be heard singing one of the show's hit songs, "That's Him."
Written by Cole Porter for a 1932 musical revue entitled Words and Music, the song "Mad About The Boy" has had a strange history. Initially written to be sung by a woman who suffered from an unrequited love for a male film star, Porter's lyrics had a double meaning,
Although the famous songwriter supposedly wrote a second set of lyrics (to be sung by a man describing his unrequited love for another man), to my knowledge those lyrics were never performed during Porter's lifetime. In 1992, "Mad About The Boy" achieved a new level of popularity when it was used for a commercial for Levi's 501 jeans.
That ad got a whole lot more recognition than Yul Brynner's appearance (in drag) singing "Mad About the Boy" to Roman Polanski aboard a luxury liner in the 1969 film, The Magic Christian.
While today's popular superhero action films do their best to encourage the idolization of muscular men with superpowers, one doesn't encounter too many heroes who are actively feted for their cerebral strength. Curiously, two documentaries screened during San Francisco film festivals this year celebrated men who have been lionized for their brains rather than their brawn.
Both men started out as nice Jewish boys who came from stable homes.
Both men were quick-witted and super smart.
Both men were able to identify at an early age what their career goals and marketable skills would be.
While one man enjoyed a long career in show business, making people laugh and directing sit-coms, the other took his life at an early age in order to avoid spending the rest of his life in jail.
* * * * * * * * * *
The 2014 San Francisco Jewish Film Festival charmed audiences with Barry Avrich's delightful new documentary, Quality Balls: The David Steinberg Story, as part of its summer program. Born in Winnipeg, Steinberg rose to comedy heights via his time at Chicago's Second City and his close friendship with Johnny Carson (next to Bob Hope, Steinberg had more appearances on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson than any other guest).
Over the course of his many years doing stand-up comedy and television appearances, David Steinberg has worked with some of the greatest comedians of his time. In the following skit, he takes on the legendary Milton Berle.
Despite his laid-back and extremely amiable personality, Steinberg was not free from controversy. Having attended Yeshiva in Chicago (Steinberg's father was a Roumanian rabbi), he was well versed in the Old Testament. The young comic scored a breakthrough at Second City with his mock religious sermons.
Steinberg's sermons became so controversial that, in October 1968, the first one he delivered on The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour generated more hate mail for CBS than any other network had ever received. His second sermon resulted in the show's cancellation by the network.
In addition to his success as a stand-up comic who excelled in improvisational sketches, Steinberg found a second calling as a director for sitcoms. His lengthy credits (which include episodes of Seinfeld, Mad About You, Designing Women, Friends, and Curb Your Enthusiasm) do not in any way diminish his genial personality. Once, after directing an episode of The Golden Girls, he sat down for a drink with Bea Arthur, who asked him why so many people start to hate her after they'd worked with her for a while. "It saves time," Steinberg replied.
While Quality Balls: The David Steinberg Story is filled with clips of Stein impishly delivering great bits of comedy, it's also an affectionate portrait of a young boy who grew up to become a real mensch. Steinberg still seems in awe of what it was like to have had lunch on a weekly basis with Groucho Marx, Jack Benny, and other comedy legends. As Avrich's documentary proves, Steinberg has the potential for a grand new career as a touring raconteur. He is, after all, a master storyteller. Here's the trailer:
* * * * * * * * * *
While David Steinberg had the luxury of celebrating his 72nd birthday this summer, Aaron Swartz will never celebrate a similar milestone. The computer hacker who helped develop the RSS standard when he was 14 years old hung himself on January 11, 2013, cutting short a life of immense promise that had been destroyed by bureaucratic zeal.
Before sitting down to watch Brian Knappenberger's dogged and devoted documentary entitled The Internet's Own Boy: the Story of Aaron Swartz, I would strongly urge readers to thoroughly digest Selina MacLaren's devastating piece that was published on Salon.com entitled The Supreme Court's Baffling Tech Illiteracy is Becoming a Problem.
A child prodigy, Swartz quickly gained attention in the programming world for his youth, his intellect, his quick and fertile mind, and his ability to see the larger picture where others got bogged down in the here and now of petty detail.
In 2008, Swartz founded Watchdog.net in order to aggregate data about politicians (with a specific goal of identifying those law professors who had been paid by industry forces to write favorable papers about their products and services).
That same year, using a PERL script, he managed to download nearly 20 million pages of public court documents that have since become available for free on the Internet Archive.
Aaron Swartz
Swartz's real troubles began when he downloaded a huge volume of articles from the academic database JSTOR via MIT's network. In the long run, Swartz's high principles and political idealism ran up against a tenacious criminal prosecutor who would not drop his case (even after MIT indicated it did not wish to pursue a lawsuit). In his director's statement, Knappenberger writes:
"Aaron's story reached far beyond the Internet communities in which he was a celebrity. It also struck a chord with people who were outraged about government overreach, both technological and in our criminal justice system. Criminalization has become our knee-jerk response to pretty much anything that scares us or that we don't understand. This is true for everything from the War on Drugs to terrorism, but even includes areas like open access to information. The surveillance overreach revealed by the [Edward] Snowden revelations has made it clear that we can't separate our massively networked lives from more traditional notions of civil liberties. The Internet isn't separate from us, some distant realm of geeks and hackers. It is the key component to the way we live. This changes how we need to operate in the world; investigative journalists, for instance, now shouldn't do their jobs without understanding some form of encryption, it's irresponsible. This is the moment when we need to make sure our values and civil liberties are stitched into the code of our networked world. Geeks and hackers already knew this but, thanks to Edward Snowden and people like Aaron Swartz, now everyone is beginning to realize it. Without basic civil liberties and freedom of speech, all the other causes you feel strongly about can't get solved. Aaron's story embodies all of this and more. But his actions while he was alive also demonstrated the potential of technological tools to transform our lives and democracy for the better. His loss shows us what we lose when we are tone deaf about technology and its relationship to our civil liberties. But it also shows us how we can do better."
Many in the world of information technology stood in awe of Swartz's skills while others (particularly in law enforcement) could not see past the mechanics of Aaron's actions to understand the breadth and depth of what he was trying to achieve. In many ways, Knappenberger's documentary provides the backstory and ethical defense for the boy genius who was taken down by the establishment.
One need not be a hacker to understand what the world lost when Swartz committed suicide. Six months after his death, Edward Snowden's revelations about the ways in which the National Security Agency had been spying on American citizens sparked the kind of international outrage that might have helped keep Aaron Swartz alive.
Aaron Swartz
On December 5, 1791, when Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart died at the age of 35, the world lost an unmistakable genius. When Aaron Swartz took his own life at the age of 26, the increasingly interconnected worlds of politics and personal computing lost a giant of the past, present, and future.
On August 3, 2013, Swartz was posthumously made a member of the Internet Hall of Fame. One would have to be a fool not to understand why some people wanted to ensure that Swartz never again had access to a computer. Here's the trailer:
Rage has just been released to the masses and like every Bethesda game is plagued by some issues. First, the graphics are buggy – bad textures, flickering, screen tearing, and textures popping, you name the issue, and Rage has it.
Secondly, most of the people are experiencing random crashes and performance issues. Add to that the usual dislikes of PC gamers – FPS, FOV, and Performance and you will have all the issues people are currently experiencing with Rage on PC.
We have listed down all these issues that you may come across when playing Rage with possible workarounds to fix these. If you know anything that would help resolve any of these issues, do share with us in comments.
1# How To Disable Mouse Acceleration
If you find yourself out of the place with the default mouse acceleration in Rage, then disable it by following the workaround. In all the previous ID Games mouse acceleration has been present by default if you have ‘Improved Pointer Precision' checked in mouse hardware options, try unchecking it.
If that doesn't work, open the Rage config file, and change the value from ‘1' to ‘0'. m_smooth is the command that you would find in the console and setting it to 0 will disable mouse smoothing/acceleration in-game.
2# How To Enable The Developer Console
You will need developer console for various tweaks and workarounds, so it is better that I walk you through how to enable it at the start. To enable the dev console enable the console add +set com_allowconsole 1 to your Steam Launch Options.
This will enable dev console in-game, which you can access by press ~ button below ESC. listcvars and listcmds should show you available settings, have fun tweaking.
3# How To Change FOV in Rage
You can either change FOV to your liking through developer console or by editing your default CFG or you can add the command in your launch options. If you choose to do so through dev console, it will disable achievements. Using developer console disables achievements so use it in absolute necessity.
If you want to change the FOV through console, bring it up in-game, and use cvaradd command to change the g_fov variable. You can add or subtract fov values from the default 80. For example, cvaradd g_fov 15 will result in g_fov 95 since you added 15. Similarly, cvaradd g_fov -15 will subtract 15 from default 80 value and the resulting g_fov will be 65. I hope you got the point.
If you don't want to mess up your achievements, you can add these values in your default config file, which is located here: C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\rage\base Or you can add these values in your launch options.
4# Horrible Rage Flickering and Artifacts Pop-Ins
If you are experiencing flickering and large artifacts pop-ins while playing Rage, you should probably roll back your drivers. If you have beta drivers installed, they don't help either. Switching back to old drivers may help the cause.
5# Rage ATI Fixes
If you are trying to play Rage on your ATI video card, there are few things you should know:
Force the game to start in the best performance mode, disable the 3D application control. Disable the Catalyst AI. Roll back your drivers.
Rage is experiencing conflicts with drivers resulting in bad overall performance – forcing these settings may improve performance for you. If you are concerned about messing up your settings, try giving Rage Hotfix drivers from ATI a shot, if it resolves your issue, you don't need to do any of this.
6# Can't Launch Rage
If you can't launch the game on Steam. Logout of the Steam and log back in, verify the game cache and re-try. If it still doesn't work, relaunch the Steam as administrator and try again. It may also be due to the customized settings you are forcing through your nVidia or Catalyst control panel. Get rid of them all and try again.
7# Rage Lag Fix
Disable Steam in-game community feature to resolve the lag issue, if you are among those facing it. Right-click on RAGE in Steam -> properties -> uncheck ‘enable steam community in game'.
8# ATI Flickeri1ng Fix
Download and Install 11.8 ATI drivers to fix the issue.
9# Rage Crashes (ATI Hot Fix)
There are two things you can do to resolve the random crashes that occur when you try to play Rage. You can disable tripple buffering in your ATI Control Panel and install Rage Hotfix Drivers.
10# How To Fix Screen Tearing in Rage
Rage by default doesn't allow you to enable Vsync. If you are experiencing screen flickering and vertical tearing on Screen, you can force Vsync through your graphics card control panel, be it Nvidia Control Panel or ATI Catalyst Control Panel.
11# Crashes To Desktop – Rage Stopped Working
If you can't get into the game and it crashes you to desktop on startup. Try this – If you get the black screen, have to Ctrl-Alt-Delete to get to the ‘Rage has stopped working' window, try removing the ‘video' folder (rage->base->video). Make sure you back up the folder for worse case scenario.
12# Rage SLI or Crossfire
Rage doesn't support SLI or Crossfire, so don't bother. It would only make it worse.
13# Rage Textures – Nvidia
Install the latest beta drivers if you are experiencing bad and cluttered textures in Rage. It will most probably this issue on high-end machines. If you are on average PC, try rolling back the drivers to 235.38 and see if that helps.
14# Rage Textures and Bad Graphics – ATI
Try downloading the latest Rage Hotfix Drivers and see if that helps. Most of the people have complained about these drivers but since they have helped few, trying won't hurt.
15# How To Fix Rage Stuttering – Nvidia
Force v-sync through Nvidia control panel. Enable GPU-transcode in-game – if you have high-end GPU for faster streaming of textures.
16# Fix Slow Rage Textures
Download Battlefield 3 Beta drivers since they seem to have fixed Rage's slow texture streaming for a lot of people.
17# How To Fix Rage Textures Popping
Some players suggest that disabling AA and transparency AA in desktop control panel will fix texture issues and improve FPS. Worth a try!
18# AMD Rage Drivers Update
AMD has just released updated drivers to fix most of the issues PC Gamers with AMD family of video cards are experiencing. You can download these drivers from here and install them by following the instructions here.
19# Rage Graphics Tweaks
You can follow our Rage Tweak Guide to tweak graphics for better image quality or to improve performance of the game by tweaking them down.
If you experience any other issue, let us know in comments and we will try to help you out. If you have successfully started the game without any hiccups, enjoy the game.
Bitcoin is a virtual currency, or “cryptocurrency”, that first appeared on the radar in 2009 after an anonymous creator “buried” 21 million coins online.
Coins can only be accessed, or “mined” by solving complex computing problems. As each block of coins gets mined, the problems become harder and harder, requiring increased computing grunt. This limits the supply of the coins.
As of January 2014, around 11 million coins have been mined.
Bitcoin is the world's first decentralised currency, which means it isn't controlled by any government or bank. This has its advantages: you can transfer Bitcoins tax-free, and transactions are usually free, or relatively low cost.
But Bitcoins are also wildly volatile. In January 2013, one Bitcoin was valued at around $14. In November 2013, that value peaked at $1,124 but plummeted to $539 the following month.
This currency is private and totally anonymous, which has prompted a surge in users choosing Bitcoins to pay for illegal goods, primarily through the online darknet marketplace Silk Road.
The popularity of Bitcoin has opened the door for several other cryptocurrencies. Litecoin, Dogecoin, Peercoin, Quarkcoin have all sprung up in recent years.
Following President Duterte's state visit to China in October 2016, 27 deals have been signed with Chinese state entities and business corporations covering around US$9 billion in loans and US$15 billion in investments. The President proudly touts these achievements as having been made possible by the reversal of the previous administration's unfriendly attitude toward China.
These loans and investments are intended to jump-start the Duterte administration's ambitious infrastructure program and to build production facilities aimed at promoting inclusive development. Apart from the large sums of money being committed by China, very little is known of their terms and conditions, and the local parties involved in these foreign-assisted projects and investments.
ADVERTISEMENT
That much can be gleaned from a recent study done by Kenneth Cardenas, a former sociology instructor at the University of the Philippines and currently a PhD student at York University in Canada. Published by the Philippine Center for Investigative Journalism, Cardenas' study may be accessed at http://pcij.org/stories/dutertes-china-deals-dissected/
The study raises issues and questions that are reminiscent of the debates about foreign aid in the 1970s and 1980s, when the chief villain was Western imperialism and its associated institutions—the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank. The classic work in this field remains Teresa Hayter's “Aid as Imperialism,” a slim volume that ironically bears much of the influence of Maoist thinking of that era.
There were also a number of well documented studies about Japanese economic aid during that period. Many of these were done by Japanese scholars who could not bear the thought of Japan ensuring its continued prosperity by exploiting the needs of poor countries in the guise of providing them aid. The conclusions they drew are instructive for our time: Japanese aid had been mostly in aid of Japanese business.
In study after study, it was shown that projects funded with outright grants or concessional loans were found to be greatly overpriced. They came with Japanese project consultants who were paid astronomical fees. The projects chosen matched not so much the priorities of the country being aided as the needs of Japanese companies to generate more business abroad. They tapped local partners or proxies that had the political clout to push projects through the corrupt-ridden labyrinths of Third World bureaucracies. Some projects were completed, many others were not. But it didn't really matter so long as the recipient government assumed the obligation to pay.
Can Chinese aid be any different?
Deborah Brautigam, a scholar based at the American University in Washington D.C., has been a close observer of China's aid activities in Africa. Her book, “The Dragon's Gift” (Oxford University Press, 2011), is the most comprehensive account of the nature and consequences of Chinese aid. It would be well for our professional civil servants at the National Economic and Development Authority to glean some lessons from this book before they approve any of the deals with China, particularly those that ultimately have to be paid with our people's money.
Brautigam's book might shed some light on the incredible problems that the Philippines has found itself embroiled in with regard to China-funded projects like Northrail and the NBN-ZTE, both contracted during the China-friendly administration of President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo.
Both projects have been canceled—with no railway and broadband network in sight—but they have left a trail of huge debts that continue to bleed the nation's coffers. We might remember the cases that were filed and the political scandals that attended both projects. But only a few may know how much money has been paid to the China National Machinery and Equipment Corporation Group, which was supposed to supply the railway system that would link Metro Manila to Central and Northern Luzon, and the China Eximbank that provided the bulk of the financing.
At the signing on Dec. 30, 2003, for Northrail's Phase 1, the original contract price agreed was US$503 million. Of this amount, $400 million was to be borne by the Chinese company, and $21.5 million by the Philippine counterpart through a loan from the Development Bank of the Philippines. Six years later, the Chinese raised the project cost to $593.88 million, and the Philippine government did not object.
ADVERTISEMENT
When the project was canceled in 2012, the Philippine government filed for arbitration. A Commission on Audit report released in 2013 showed that as of December 2011, we had paid the Chinese company a total of $210.48 million for work supposedly accomplished. The COA claims that based on actual work done, there was an overpayment of $129 million. We assume that the past administration refused to pay more until a ruling on this case is issued.
It appears, however, that the present administration may be taking a different route. Last May 7, at the sidelines of the Asian Development Bank meeting in Japan, Finance Secretary Carlos Dominguez was asked about Northrail and the case the Philippine government had submitted for arbitration. Business Mirror quotes him as saying that the arbitration was not just a “managerial headache” but also a “huge” financial burden.
“I signed this huge check for an idiot thing that never gets done. I tell you, my hands bleed when I do that. And there's some more to pay so [lets end it]. What's past is, everybody made a mistake here, let's move ahead. I think that's the right way to go.”
The past is indeed past, but that doesn't mean we can't learn from it.
public.lives@gmail.com
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Taxpayer-subsidized National Public Radio decided to greet the morning of Trump's inauguration in the same way that it greeted the day after Trump's surprising victory. They sought out black rage…in the person of author Attica Locke, who also writes for the Fox drama Empire. After the election, she refused to consider the notion that any Trump voter wasn't a racist.
On Friday, she came to say this day marked “how much this country can't stand black people,” and “doesn't want Muslims here,” and “did not want a woman as leader.”
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST: We called you up on the morning after the election. That sounded like an excruciating morning for you. ATTICA LOCKE: It was, and I can't say that things have gotten necessarily better for me. INSKEEP: What do you mean? LOCKE: I wake up every day and think, this is how much this country can't stand black people that this has happened. Or I think, this is how much this country did not want a woman as a leader. This is how much this country doesn't want Muslims here. This is how much this country can't stand immigrants. And though I know this to not be literally true, that it's not that simple, emotionally, I feel a sense of rejection of what Obama's presidency represented.
"Not that simple"? This might be progress by the rage-a-holic. Steve Inskeep asked just how Locke was going to offer resistance to this emotionally apparent Trump phenomenon of hatred of women, blacks, and Muslims:
INSKEEP: How do you plan to spend the next few years, politically, I mean? You've got a job but do you intend to engage yourself in some way that you weren't engaged before? LOCKE: Yes, I mean, I think that there will be infinitely more interactions, be it correspondence or phone calls, with my locally elected officials than I've ever engaged in before. I think that I will - my husband said this is the year we're going to get arrested. INSKEEP: Was that a New Year's resolution, we're going to go out and get arrested at some point this year? LOCKE: (Laughter) It almost was. And he said it very plainly and he was not kidding. And he may be right. And I'm OK with that. But I'm also going to continue to be frank because there's too much obfuscation in the media - that we're not calling a lie, that we're not calling racism racism. The concept of objective truth is now maybe up in the air. And so I'm going to keep saying the truth as I know it over and over and over again.
Locke thinks she is the voice of “objective truth”….as she says Trump's election somehow means “the destruction of American democracy.” It's her pinned tweet on her Twitter page:
This was Locke's racialized slogan for Inauguration Day:
I've written many times on the utter failure of accomodationism and the pure idiocy behind defending anything simply for the purpose of defending it. Accomodationsts, even atheist accomodationists, don't want anyone to feel bad, therefore they justify even the most absurd claims with a variety of silly explanations, simply to avoid disappointment among the believers of idiotic things.
In a recent forum thread, someone posed the question: “How can the Bible be wrong, why would God lie to us?” I answered, pointing out that this presupposes the existence of a God in the first place, something for which we simply have no evidence. It would be like saying “the Harry Potter books must be perfect, why would Voldemort lie to us?” Yes, I know, ignore the fact that Voldemort and God don't line up very well in their respective mythologies, I think it still makes a valid point. Both God and Voldemort are mythical creations. Neither can “lie” to anyone, outside of the contexts of their particular literary works. It's a nonsensical question to begin with.
But don't tell the accomodationists that. Immediately one jumped up and started making all sorts of claims about the anthropological value of the Bible, the mythological value of the Bible, some of the historical value of the Bible, etc. I pointed out to him that none of those had anything whatsoever to do with the original question, the one we were all in the thread to discuss. While indeed the Bible might have literary and anthropological value, that doesn't change the fact that it's largely a book of mythology, with characters that almost certainly never lived as described and a main supernatural force that's certainly imaginary. In fact, he even agreed that people who take the Bible literally are out of their gourds, yet he couldn't stop claiming that it must have some value, therefore we couldn't dare make anyone who believed it feels bad.
Of course we can, and we should. Not because they believe it, but because it's blatantly false. Accomodationists are so desperate to find excuses that they forget that there's such a thing as reality. They want everyone to inhabit a world that's tailor-made for their own personal happiness, even if everything around them is a fantasy. I have never and will never buy that. Believe what is actually true and if that makes you unhappy, deal with it. Better yet, grow the hell up and realize that reality isn't here for your pleasure. I think that is something that a lot of modern-day people simply don't get. They're so used to getting everything they want, it's getting to the point where being happy is seen as a civil right. How dare anyone ever do anything that makes you sad! Reality ought to conform to your wishes!
But to get back to accomodationism, what's the point? Some accomodationists claim that they simply see a way for religion and science to coexist. Yes, they can, although not peacefully, except in the case of the most liberal of theologies. Fundamentalist religions have already proven they are completely incapable of coexisting in the real world. Creationism in schools? Opposition to gay marriage? Flying planes into buildings? Killing bloggers? Surely not even the most clueless accomodationist would think that these people can coexist with secular society. The only case that can be made are for ultra-liberal theists, the “cafeterian Christians” who are juts paying religion lip service in the first place, and these people are, by and large, atheists who just don't know it yet. They're social theists, people who don't really buy into it, they just pretend to believe because they think their sainted grandmother would want them to.
On the other side, a lot of accomodationists think that religion, while not true, can have some value or redeeming qualities in the modern world. Name one. Come up with one redeeming quality that's not coddling an immature and clueless believer, that's not keeping the crazy religious borderline sociopaths in line, etc. In other words, come up with a single value that cannot be achieved, as well or better, using wholly secular means. I don't think it can be done, so that's not a valid reason. In fact, I think that the reason some people are accomodationists is they lack the balls to stand up against the overwhelming tide of theism in the world today. No, religion isn't going away any time soon, that doesn't mean we shouldn't oppose it at every turn. Murder isn't going to go away either, does that mean we ought to coddle murderers and make them feel good about what they do? The idea is absurd on it's face.
I really wish that accomodationists would stop making excuses for people to believe ridiculous things. Whether theists are happy or sad is irrelevant. The only thing that matters is whether they are factually correct and I think that the vast majority of my readers would agree that they simply are not. As such, they and their beliefs ought to be opposed, the only valid goal any of us ought to have in this debate is who is right and who is wrong.
And they're not.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Pocket
LinkedIn
Reddit
Twitter
Tumblr
Telegram
Pinterest
Skype
WhatsApp
Print
Image copyright AFP Image caption The piglet "incursion" is seen as a serious security breach by Uganda's authorities
Two piglets are being examined by police in Uganda for "terrorism-related material" after being let loose in parliament by anti-corruption protesters.
Reports say the animals were daubed in the colours of the governing party with slogans alleging MPs are corrupt.
Two protesters are in custody awaiting trial following the incident earlier this week in the capital Kampala.
Several police on duty at the time were suspended over the security breach.
They face charges of neglect of duty, spokeswoman Polly Namaye told AFP news agency.
As for the piglets, she said it was "standard practice" to test for terrorism-related material as "there could have been another motive other than a protest".
The security forces are on alert over fears of terrorist attacks, not least due to Uganda's military involvement in Somalia in support of the UN-backed government against the Islamist al-Shabab group.
The protesters, Robert Mayanja and Norman Tumuhimbise, face charges of criminal trespass, conspiracy to sneak piglets into parliament and interrupting parliament work.
The two, who call themselves "the jobless brotherhood network", accuse lawmakers of corruption and extravagant spending.
Uganda has come in for criticism, too, from international donors over allegations of corruption.
SUNRISE, Fla. -- In his usual quiet, low-key style, Florida Panthers center Aleksander Barkov called being named to Finland's Olympic team a big dream. Just as quietly, he said it wasn't his biggest goal for this hockey season.
"My first main goal for this season was to play here and get a big role on this team and play as good as I can," Barkov said. "But I'm very happy to be there on the Olympic team and it'll be fun. I was so excited I was called on the Olympic team. It will be very fun to be there and play with guys like Teemu Selanne."
At 43, Selanne is the oldest player in the NHL. Barkov is the youngest, having turned 18 on Sept. 2.
The rookie is meeting his NHL goals so far this season, and then some. Barkov leads the Panthers in scoring with 23 points and is second among forwards in average ice time at 17:09.
Though Barkov looks every bit the teenager outside the rink, he looks like a 30-something veteran on the ice. He has since his first NHL game Oct. 4 when the Panthers beat the Dallas Stars 4-2.
After selecting Barkov with the second pick of the 2013 NHL Draft, Panthers general manager Dale Tallon explained that he was looking for immediate impact and that the big center probably was the most League-ready of all the top prospects.
Not even Tallon, though, could have predicted that Barkov would prove that close to a finished product.
"You never expect that from a kid who just turned 18 in September to be able to have that maturity and that presence on the ice," Tallon said Wednesday, before Barkov scored 32 seconds into the Panthers' 4-2 victory against the New York Islanders. "It's amazing. His maturity and his ability to play at both ends of the ice; it's incredible how smart he is and how conscientious he is. He's just everything and more than we expected."
Barkov has played in all 46 games and has been perhaps the Panthers' best two-way forward all season. After a slow start offensively, Barkov has been putting up points on a regular basis in recent weeks.
Teamed with veteran Brad Boyes and Sean Bergenheim, a fellow Finn, Barkov has four goals and nine assists in the past 15 games to move into a tie for sixth place in the rookie scoring race.
"The first couple of games in the season it was just an adjustment here," said Barkov, whose average ice time is second among rookie forwards behind Tyler Johnson of the Tampa Bay Lightning. "Now I feel good and I can play on my own level."
Barkov finished ninth in scoring last season in SM-liiga, Finland's top professional league, showing he clearly has a high skill level. That's been evident all season through his deft passing and shootout moves, particularly the one he put on Detroit Red Wings goaltender Jimmy Howard on Dec. 10 when he moved his body to the left before moving the puck to his backhand and sliding it into the open net.
But talk to Barkov's teammates and it's not his playmaking skills they'll point out. Rather, it's his maturity level, no doubt the result of nearly two full seasons in SM-liiga, and also the fact his father, Alexander Barkov , had a long professional career in Europe.
"It's amazing. For a young kid he's really developed into a good pro already," veteran forward Scottie Upshall said. "I've noticed him. I keep a pretty good eye on him. He's one of the kids in here that I feel like he can learn a lot by looking around at what us older guys do, but he's doing the extra in the gym, he's showing up early, he's staying late. He eats really well. He's just got good professional habits. For a young kid at 18 to already do that kind of stuff, it says a lot. It says that he's going to continue to grow and he's going to be a good pro."
Bergenheim takes it a step further. He began his career with the Islanders and his fifth season with the team happened to be the rookie season of John Tavares, whom New York selected with the first pick of the 2009 draft.
Bergenheim said he can see Barkov developing into the kind of superstar Tavares has become.
Aleksander Barkov Center - FLA GOALS: 8 | ASST: 15 | PTS: 23
SOG: 70 | +/-: -2
When the 2014 Sochi Olympics take place next month, Barkov will be there competing against Tavares and other stars of the NHL.
It's not the typical stuff for a player who just turned 18. In fact, it's pretty easy for everyone who works with Barkov to forget just how young he is.
"We remind ourselves and smile a little bit when we think of it," Panthers interim coach Peter Horachek said. "It's pretty good on his part that he's that mature and can handle the situation."
Despite selecting Marcus Smith with a first round pick in the 2014 NFL Draft, it's clear the Philadelphia Eagles were not comfortable getting him on the field. The Louisville product played a mere total of 105 snaps as a rookie. Heading into his second year, however, Smith feels more well equipped to contribute. He says he's worked hard to improve.
"I went to [former NFL defensive end] Chuck Smith this offseason and I went to him and we did pass rush moves and different stuff to get me acclimated to how the NFL is," Smith said. " I think that's what got me better."
The 23-year-old also changed his body by adding muscle and lowering his body fat percentage from 18 to 15.
"I put on 10 pounds," said Smith. "At first, I was 265. When I came back out here I went down to 260 because of all the practicing and stuff. So I'll probably play during the season at 260, 255, or around that weight."
Smith went on to explain why bulking up was so important to him and his game.
"I just think it was strength and ability to knock the tackle back because in this league tackles are just as fast as you are so you have to be able to knock them back to be able to get to the quarterback so you can set your speed moves."
Another factor working in Smith's favor is that he's no longer a rookie learning the scheme. He's also no longer being bounced between outside and inside linebacker. The Eagles have Smith exclusively working on the outside.
"I would say 100 times more comfortable than I was last year," said Smith. "Being athletic is all well and good but once you get the technique down and all that stuff, you become a better outside linebacker. You can't just be an athletic person in this league. You have to have great technique."
Chip Kelly agreed with Smith's assessment. The Eagles head coach recently gave his evaluation of Smith's progress.
"Yeah, I think he's obviously way advanced from last year and he's not a rookie, but you could say that about Josh Huff and all those other guys that are in the second year. It's neat to see them taking the young guys and explaining things how they go because it's not their [first time]. This won't be Marcus' first time going into the Linc [Lincoln Financial Field], and it's other guys' first time going into the Linc. I think he feels more comfortable. He came back in really good shape, did a great job in the conditioning test and ran around the last two days. We are excited to see how that progresses and what goes on with the outside linebackers to go along with [Brandon Graham] and [Connor Barwin]."
As a rookie, Smith was stuck behind starting outside linebackers Trent Cole and Barwin as well as top backup Graham. The landscape at the position has since changed. Cole is gone and Graham now projects to be a starter after being rewarded with a long-term contract in the offseason. It's up to Smith to fill the rotational role Graham played the last two year. Smith is aware of the importance of that role, but he's not striving to be merely a backup.
"[The third outside linebacker] is a big deal to the team," said Smith. "He comes in, he spells Connor [Barwin] or [Brandon Graham], and he gets the play started. That's how we work it for the Eagles. But my initial thought is, shoot, I want to start. I want to be a starter. But if that's the role I have to play, then that's what I'll do."
Smith won't be starting for the Eagles any time soon with Graham and Barwin in front of him. If an injury should arise, however, the Eagles would likely be counting on Smith to start, especially now that Travis Long is out for the season.
It goes without saying that this is an important summer for Smith. It's up to him to step up and prove he provides value to the team, even if it's not the kind typically expected from a first round pick.
World's tallest Mormon temple lights up the sky Video
KENSINGTON, Md. - It's hard to miss while driving on the Capital Beltway: the tallest Mormon temple in the world.
While the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints illuminates every night of the year right outside of Washington, D.C., the month of December brings something extra special.
"It's magical, I guess I would say,” said Sue Huguley, Montgomery County resident. “I just feel that the spirit of Christ is with me."
When five o'clock hits, the transformation begins.
650,000 lights are tightly-wrapped around trees all over church grounds, eventually leading to the temple.
"Our members of the church come, they start putting up the lights in August, and it takes them until April to get them all down,” said John Fowler, Director of the Visitor's Center.
In its 39th year, the Festival of Lights offers free performances, nativity scenes from around the world and, of course, lots of lights.
"I like lights,” said Huguley. “They just make me happy and feel joy."
Every year, more than 100,000 people seem to agree.
It's become a tradition for Lorraine Boyd, who drives with a group from York, Pennsylvania.
Boyd said it's definitely worth the drive because each December there's something new to see.
"In the beginning, they really didn't have those lights out there. They've added them in the last few years, and it's made all the difference in the world,” said Huguley.
Fowler said the half a year of preparation is worth seeing all the smiles on visitors' faces.
"It's our way of giving a gift to the community,” said Fowler. “We're just grateful to be here in the community, and we just felt like this is something we can give back."
While the temple is closed-off to non-members, people can explore the rest of the grounds and Visitor's Center until about 10:00 p.m.
White House staffers have been told to preserve any materials related to Russian intervention in the 2016 presidential election, according to The Associated Press.
The White House counsel's office handed down the order on Tuesday in a memo to aides, the newswire reported
The move comes after Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee asked the White House and law enforcement agencies to keep materials related to Trump associates' alleged ties to Russia.
ADVERTISEMENT
Separately, the Senate Intelligence Committee last month asked federal agencies to keep materials that tie into its investigation into Russian cyber hacking and other efforts to disrupt the election.
Democrats have feared that the White House could try to hide the extent of its links to Moscow.
Trump has been dogged by allegations of improper ties to Russia during his first weeks in office.
Retired Army Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser last month because he misled Vice President Pence and others about the nature of his conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. before Trump's inauguration.
Some Trump campaign advisers are reportedly under federal investigation over their alleged links to Russian intelligence operatives. They have denied any such ties.
The president himself has dismissed the charges.
“Nobody that I know of,” Trump said at a mid-February news conference when asked if anyone who advised his campaign had ties to Russia.
No proof of collusion has been found.
Pad & Quill is precisely the type of company qualified to make accessories for the Apple Watch. The Minneapolis company has been producing fine iPhone, iPad, and Mac accessories for years now, and the first handmade Pad & Quill Apple Watch accessories continue that level of quality. Today we're checking out two wooden charging stands and two leather travel cases: the Timber Catchall, Luxury Pocket Stand, Roll Up Kit, and Luxury Travel Pouch for Apple Watch. Both charging stands have a distinct and rich look with features that differ from previous charging stands we've seen…
Key Details: Timber Catchall holds watch plus iPhone and keys
Luxury Pocket Stand is a pocketable wooden watch stand
Travel Pouch holds Pocket Stand plus cable
Roll Up Kit holds Pocket Stand, charging cable, and spare band
Charging stands work with self supplied Magnetic Charging cable
25-year leather warranty
Pad & Quill Packaging
Before we jump in with the stand and case specifics, the packaging that each Pad & Quill accessory arrives in is worth noting. If you're buying a Pad & Quill product for yourself, the unwrapping experience is a delightful one. If you're gifting any of these Apple Watch accessories to a friend or loved one, though, you can be sure that they will appreciate the personal touch Pad & Quill puts into the packaging. There is nothing mass produced about it. These folks nail the handcrafted experience and make each item feel unique. Similar to Apple packaging in quality but not style, the packaging is really too nice to throw away.
Timber Catchall
From the photos alone, I didn't anticipate enjoying Timber Catchall as much as I did during my testing. Many charging stands we've seen so far carry a futuristic, sci-fi look using metals and plastic, yet Timber Catchall is made by hand from handsome wood that carries a natural look not unlike nice furniture.
Physically Timber Catchall is a relatively large charging stand compared to other ones we've seen. In addition to featuring a stand for holding your Apple Watch, Timber Catchall includes a base for holding your iPhone and keys. At 8.5-inches long, 6-inches wide, and 0.75-inches thick, the base has about the same footprint as a full-sized iPad while the arm extends 5-inches from the surface.
Aside from the natural wood style, Timber Catchall's arm is one of the most unique and compelling features of the charging stand. It does the same thing as other charging stands: include your own magnetic charging cable and it will try to hide the wire, then you can drop your watch onto the arm for easily charging without your band rubbing against your nightstand. Timber Catchall nails the one functional thing I didn't enjoy about Twelve South's HiRise stand (review): the arm folds into the base.
This makes it possible to easily fold the stand portion of Timber Catchall down, wrap your charging cable around the base, and drop it in a bag or suitcase for travel just as you would an iPad. Other charging stands I've tested are always vertical and not ideal for packing despite having smaller footprints. The collapsable design is key.
Aside from the collapsable arm, Timber Catchall's large base is ideal for holding your iPhone (in a different way than Griffin's WatchStand) and keys or wallet too. Just as you can run the magnetic charging cable through the base of the stand, you can also run a Lightning cable through the back as well for charging your iPhone. It's not exactly a docking experience, though, as you have to connect and disconnect the cable to and from the iPhone; it's nice to have an all-in-one spot for charging both devices though.
The space where the arm folds down is also a slot for holding your keys or wallet or whatever else you might want to store there. I'm packing Timber Catchall in my bag next time I travel as I can imagine having a familiar charging place for both the iPhone and Apple Watch away from home.
Timber Catchall is offered in three wood colors for $99: American Walnut, African Mahogany, and American Cherry.
Luxury Pocket Stand
In terms of its overall footprint, Luxury Pocket Stand takes the opposite direction of Timber Catchall. Pocket Stand is handmade of wood as well, but rather than include a base for your iPhone or keys, this charging stand has only the essential pieces for holding your watch in place while charging. You lose the benefits of the wider wood base, but the result is a rich looking charging stand that's extremely portable.
Pocket Stand, too, can fold flat using a swivel design to lay flat in a block about the size of an iPhone 6 — 4.5-inches long, 2.5-inches wide, and 0.75-inches thick — making it possible to easily stow it in your pocket or bag. Pad & Quill's cable management is clever in that it allows you to fold it flat without removing the magnetic charging cable; you can then wrap the remainder of the cable around the block and stow it in a bag pocket. When unfolded and set up, Pocket Stand measures 3.5-inches high.
If you appreciate the rich look of the wood charging stand but don't see the appeal of the larger base that comes with Timber Catchall, Luxury Pocket Stand will surely serve your needs. Aside from the quality of the appearance, both charging stands are especially ideal for holding the Apple Watch as wood is a material that won't easily scratch metal.
Luxury Pocket Stand is offered in the same three wood colors for $79.
Roll Up Kit
Roll Up Kit is a nice leather pouch for carrying Luxury Pocket Stand with a pocket large enough to accommodate one wrapped with the charging cable. The jacket design folds shut and prevents a loose cable from coming unwound in your bag. A tight leather pocket within Roll Up Kit holds spare Apple Watch bands that lay flat including the leather and sport bands. I tested the Roll Up Kit with the Luxury Pocket Stand and Apple Watch charging cable inside with the black Classic Buckle bands, although I'd love to see what sort of bands Pads & Quill could work up.
Overall, Roll Up Kit is a nice way to pack optionally Luxury Pocket Stand while traveling. The band pocket is appreciated, especially if you want to swap between leather and sport bands on your trip without misplacing the spare band. Roll Up Kit is sold on its own in chocolate brown or onyx black for $49.99 or with Luxury Pocket Stand at a combo price of $119.99.
Luxury Travel Pouch
Luxury Travel Pouch is a similar option for carrying Luxury Pocket Stand in a well designed pouch made of rich materials. Luxury Travel Pouch snuggly holds Pocket Stand with enough space to accommodate the charging cable when wrapped tightly. Similar to Roll Up Kit, Luxury Travel Pouch also includes a slot for stowing away spare bands on your trip, although it places them in a slot along the front. A flap buttons over the band slot to securely hold both the spare band and Pocket Stand plus cable.
Whereas Roll Up Kit has a looser jacket design, Luxury Travel Pouch's button snaps shut for a bit more contained feel. Both options offer handsome ways to transport charging accessories in a way that feels more traditional than technological. Roll Up Kit is made of American Full Grain leather and offered for $119.99 and includes the $79.99 Luxury Pocket Stand.
Both of Pad & Quill's Apple Watch charging stands appeal to a specific taste with quality fit for the Apple Watch Edition while the optional leather cases add tasteful ways to travel with electronics. While I don't expect every charging stand to be handmade from wood in Minneapolis, I do hope other charging stand makers adopt the folding design for portability. Pad & Quill excels here before you even consider the build quality and materials.
Follow the links to Pad & Quill's excellent Apple Watch accessories to pick up a charging stand for yourself or as a gift for someone else, and be sure to check out Pad & Quill's classy line of iPhone, iPad, and Mac bags and cases.
Return of the furries: Anthrocon in Pittsburgh for sixth year
They may be cute, but they also spend a lot of dough
The tails and ears are held on with straps, and the fur is usually fake -- but the money that Anthrocon furry convention visitors spend Downtown is very real.
More than 4,500 furries -- fans of art, literature and games featuring anthropomorphic, or human-like, animals -- are flooding the city for Pittsburgh's sixth annual Anthrocon, held at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center. During their four-day meeting, which started Thursday night, the furries will attend lectures and workshops as well as nightly raves at the convention center.
They'll also spend an estimated $5.3 million at Downtown businesses, said Sam "Uncle Kage" Conway, chairman of Anthrocon's board of directors.
Even though Anthrocon 2011 broke past registration records, Mr. Conway said he believed the event would have pulled in even more attendees if the city had followed through on a languishing initiative to build more hotels Downtown.
"This year saw much slower growth than the growth from [2009 to] last year," Mr. Conway said Thursday afternoon in the lobby of the Westin Convention Center hotel, where most furries try to secure a room.
PG VIDEO: THE FURRIES RETURN TO PITTSBURGH PG VIDEO: THE FURRIES RETURN TO PITTSBURGH
Playful fursuiters -- think amusement park mascots -- posed for photographs and doled out hugs to pedestrians, while other furries caught up with old friends from past conventions or introduced themselves in person to friends made in online forums.
Kirin Larkin, 22, came from Chicago with his unique German shepherd costume in tow. Suited up as Bit, Mr. Larkin skated through the Westin reception area on built-in wheels designed to make him "float." He is the rare furry whose suit allows him to speak -- an ability many furries forgo in favor of expressive acting.
"It's a little hard to talk with, but you can see that it moves with my mouth," Mr. Larkin said. "Suiting in general is fun."
At Faber Inc., a gift shop in the hotel lobby, furries were stocking up on batteries to operate light-up tails and digital cameras before heading up to their rooms. Caffeinated beverages are a best-seller, said manager Tracy Luskovich, who has worked at Faber for eight years.
"They love caffeine," Ms. Luskovich said, gesturing around the small storeroom filled with cases of Mountain Dew. "We're prepared. We know what they want."
Other Downtown business owners have caught on to the furries' preferences over the last five years.
Todd Mathias, the owner of August Henry's City Saloon on Penn Avenue, ended Friday night karaoke at his restaurant shortly after Pittsburgh's first Anthrocon. But he resurrected the singalongs at the furries' request, and renamed it "furraoke" in their honor.
At Cory's Subs, directly across the street from the Westin on 10th Avenue, owner Cory Robinson was offering furry fans a meal and a T-shirt featuring an illustration by a furry artist for $20. The convention is a boon, Mr. Robinson said, bringing him two months' worth of business in just five days.
"We love furries," he said. "They're just people having fun, and they don't hurt anybody."
Cory's Subs is in a prime location for Anthrocon. The convention's events take place on a tight schedule in the convention center and at the Westin, so furries don't often venture into the city for meals or entertainment.
They also avoid hotels outside of Downtown.
When Downtown hotels became fully booked in mid-May, Anthrocon registration dropped off dramatically, Mr. Conway said. Many furry fans are already bunking four to a room -- the Westin's limit. Mr. Conway said that he doubts the event will grow further unless more rooms are made available near the center.
Anthrocon's problem is not unique, said Joe McGrath, president of VisitPittsburgh.
"This is a problem that's existed and we've known about since before the convention center existed," Mr. McGrath said. "It's just become more acute as groups grow, like Anthrocon."
Budget cuts have decimated funds that were set aside to develop hotels Downtown, Mr. McGrath said, keeping VisitPittsburgh from its goal of a new hotel and leaving the city helpless to compete with giant hotels near convention centers in cities such as Denver and Chicago.
"We're lagging and we'll lose substantial market share if we don't bite the bullet," Mr. McGrath said. "[Anthrocon is] one group alone, but it's worth $5 million a year."
First published on June 24, 2011 at 12:00 am
Houston is the first city without Uber's carpool option where the company is experimenting with fixed-price fares during the day, company officials said in an attempt to curtail congestion.
Starting Monday for a limited time, the ride-hauling company said all rides between 6 a.m. and 8 p.m. within central Houston, Galleria and Memorial areas will be $7.13 or less, regardless of the normal cost, Monday through Friday.
“Today, we are engaging commuters with low-cost fares,” spokeswoman Debbee Hancock said in a statement. “Tomorrow, we hope to be able to help tackle Houston's congestion by moving these commuters in fewer cars like we do … with UberPOOL.”
The flat fare would apply to trips beginning and ending inside Loop 610 or between the loop and Sam Houston Tollway, from Interstate 10 south to Westpark Tollway. Uber said drivers would receive the same payment they would under normal conditions, with the company covering the difference.
For riders, trips that would normally be less than $7.13 will be billed at the lower rate.
Houston does not have UberPOOL, which company officials cite as the result of some of the city's rules for ride-providing companies. Uber and Houston have sparred since November 2014 over the city's requirement that all drivers undergo a fingerprint background check.
Houston officials are debating changes to the city's paid ride policies, but removal of the fingerprint background check is not under consideration, officials have said. The city is proceeding with a smartphone app that would compile all of the city's taxis under a single system to encourage cab drivers to focus less on airport and downtown cab stands.
The changes for cabs and Uber come as both adjust to changing commuter conditions and demands in Houston and other U.S. cities.
A recent report by New York-based TransitCenter, which lobbies for public transit investment, found the emergence of various options such as improved carpools and companies like Uber – in addition to bike sharing such as B-Cycle – can provide people with many more options than driving, which over time, could reduce congestion and improve air quality.
F irst part of phishing with EV
This post is intended for a technical audience interested in how an EV SSL certificate can be used as an effective phishing device. I won't be held liable if someone uses this post for unlawful intentions. No one was harmed in this demonstration. Let's get on.
Extended validation or EV was designed back in the day to be an effective way to prevent phishing but, as we've seen through the years that extended validation has a lot of short comings such as long vetting processes, lack of wildcard support, and many other things. Now I'm going to demonstrate that it is indeed possible to phish with an EV SSL and how easy and straightforward it is to obtain the certificate. View Ryan Hurst's blog post here about the overall positive trust indicators in browsers.
First, I needed to think of a name which would be effective for phishing. After some deliberation, I chose the name "Identity Verified" as it would give the illusion to the user that the phishing site is safe.
Second, I had to think of a way of getting an EV SSL certificate for the intended name. After some research on the CA/Browser forum site, I found that, in the EV SSL certificate guidelines, section 8.5.2 stipulates that incorporated private entities are allowed to get hold of an EV SSL certificates. With that information in mind, I decided to incorporate a company here in the UK and after some more research, I found that a limited company by guarantee with the limited exemption was the right one but there was one catch; to incorporate a company in the UK, you need to have a verifiable address and valid ID. So what does an attacker do? Well they can purchase a valid stolen ID for a few pounds from the so-called "Dark web" and just use, a service address as the address of the company and the director's home. These service addresses can be bought online for next to nothing.
Note: This company was made with a legitimate address and ID.
Now finally, I began searching for a company to incorporate this new company on my behalf and after a good hour of researching on Google, I found the right one. I won't say the company name here for legal purposes but I will say that the process was incredibly easy to do; no ID check to my knowledge and it costs less than £40. It took the next day for the company to be incorporated by Companies House.
After all, this was finished, I now had to include a telephone number on a third party database as stipulated in section 11.5.2 of the EV SSL certificate guidelines. I chose Dun and Bradstreet as the third party database as it's extensively used by CAs for third party checking.
It was absolutely easy to add the extra information to Dun and Bradstreet database. I only needed to get my Dun and Bradstreet ID and fill in a form with my mobile number as the telephone and after a few days, it was included.
I'm ready to get an EV SSL Certificate. I chose Comodo and Symantec for this demonstration as they were that the time of this post the largest CAs in the industry.
First, I went to Symantec site and found the 30 days free trial of production use EV SSL Certificate. After filling in all the details required by Symantec and including a 256-bit ECC CSR, I was finished for now until the validation process was completed.
After a day and a bit of pushing the certificate was issued. You can view the issued extended validation SSL certificate on crt.sh: https://crt.sh/?id=181513189
After the successfully issued from Symantec, I then tried doing the same again from Comodo and it failed at the first hurdle. Richard Smith, who is the head of validation at Comodo felt that the certificate couldn't be issued due to compliance issues. Great job Richard!
Now the certificate part is finished, I can now get on with the phishing part of this test and demonstrate how someone could phish with an EV SSL. First I took a copy of both the Google and PayPal sites and then upload them sites onto nothing.org.uk. Now in a real world phish scenario, an attacker would need to also setup a database and etc to capture the data but I didn't need to because this wasn't an actual phishing attempt to capture real users' data.
In these screenshots below from Safari in OSX and IOS the chances of a successful phish are extremely high because of the way Safari hides the actual domain when the site is using an EV SSL and in, combination with the company name "Identity Verified" the site looks legitimate and safe.
In this screenshot of Google Chrome, the domain name and the company name are clearly separated which can help the user identity if it's indeed a phishing site or not but if someone could get a hold of a short single letter like p.uk for PayPal or g.uk for Google the user would think that the company in question has moved over to smaller domain name and not be concerned.
A view of the certificate contents in Firefox.
To conclude this post, I think Symantec shouldn't have issued this EV SSL certificate in the first place as the company name was too common and could easily be misconstrued in the browser.
Update (5th May 2018): My opinion has since changed.
The EV guidelines are not up to par and can be easily circumvented. Stringent vetting on both the applicant and the company are necessary and this will provide additional assurance that the EV cert won't be used for harmful purposes. If the EV cert was ever used for harmful purposes the investigators can easily obtain the necessary details and prosecute the offenders if guilty.
In this case, the CA should've been more cautious in issuing this EV cert and should've required extra details from the applicant to make sure that this particular EV cert would not be used for harmful purposes.
Check out Ian's Extended Validation is Broken article. This article enhances this research and shows different way to effective phish users.
Burton
The Hispanic, just a mile from Mexico
“Most people would call me Mexican,” says Jesus Flores, “and I don't have a problem with being called Mexican. But if someone asks me, I say I'm a US citizen with Mexican heritage. I'm proud to be American.”
The 63-year-old was born in Laredo, Texas, where he now runs a business repairing sewing machines. His father was Mexican - as is his wife - and half of his customers come from Nuevo Laredo, just a mile across the border. Even so, he does not recoil from Mr Trump's judgement that “when Mexico sends its people, they're not sending the best… They bring crime. They're rapists.”
Mr Flores “wouldn't repeat his words” but shares some of the fears Mr Trump has stoked. As a child, he would cross the Rio Grande, which forms a natural border in this corner of Texas, every day to visit his grandmother, but now ventures across the bridge only a few times a year.
“It got harder over the years because of all the violence in Mexico,” he says. “There are gunfights, there are drug cartels. If you cross the river, you're risking very much - you're risking life, if you don't know where you are.”
Oh boy, as if “cheapest” wasn't enough…
OK, I'll bite it.
In the spirit of finding a true answer, we'll be as objective as possible. What we're going to do is figure out the cost of every transport option at a standard distance, rate its comfortability and see how they hold up against each other.
Since neither a specific area nor type and ownership of conveyance are mentioned, I'll try to cover all bases. Transport could be inter-city or intra-city and it could be public, private or personal. In Pakistan, inter-city transit includes Airplanes, Trains, Buses, Vans, Rent-A-Cars and Branded Buses and Vans like Daewoo and Faisal Movers. Intra-city encompasses Buses, Coasters, Vans, Pickups, Qing-qis, Tangas, Taxis, Rickshaws, Cars, Bikes, Bicycles and Ride-sourcing Services like Uber and Careem.
To compute cost, I obtained a fare table for each mode of transport, calculated the distance between departure and destination locations, and mapped the distances and fares into an equation that best describes the fare table. In the case of ride-sourcing services, the equations were obtained directly from official websites. Comfortability is calculated with a figure from 0 to 10 with these factors in mind: Congestion, Space, Seating, Cleanliness, Jerking, Boarding, Wait, Punctuality, Speed and Services.
This gives us:
Right off the bat you can see Vans, Trains, and Buses are the cheapest inter-city vehicles, while Bikes, Public Transport and Ride-sourced Rickshaws round up the intra-city ones. By comfort, Planes, Rent-A-Cars & Branded Buses lead in inter-city and Ride-sources Cars, Taxis & Personal Cars in intra-city.
Another thing you should take into account is that fares for ride-sourcing services vary wildly from location to location. A traveler in Faisalabad pays 2.5 times as much for Careem Business as the one in Lahore!
Now to find the “cheapest, yet most comfortable” conveyance. For that, I devised the following equation:
[math]Rating=(Cost\ Weight-\frac{Cost}{Largest\ Cost}*Cost\ Weight)+(\frac{Comfort}{10}*Comfort\ Weight)[/math]
Simply put, it is the sum of cost and comfort scaled to their weights. Since it isn't mentioned whether to favor one over the other, we are going to use equal weights for both cost and comfort – 5.
There you have it. The most cost effective and comfortable options are owing a Car or a Bike followed by Ride-sourced Rickshaws, Daewoo City Bus, Metro Bus and Ride-sourced Cars. For inter-city travel, you should better stick to Trains and Branded Buses.
But wait, there's still a piece of the puzzle missing – Distance. All these calculations are done with typical 500km and 15km distances for inter-city and intra-city travel, but might not hold up for smaller and larger lengths. Thankfully, since this is a computational model, the problem is easy to solve. Let's recalculate everything from above at varying distances, and plot the overall rank.
Above is the true answer to the question. The charts show the cheapest yet most comfortable modes of travel around Pakistan at varying distances. You can take a lot of info from here, but for starters, bicycle and feet are most cheap and comfortable at short distances. At longer distances, the cost benefits of keeping a bike are overshadowed by uberAuto, while branded buses become harder to afford.
Phew! I hope it was worth it. Thank you for the A2A, Huzaifa.
I am sharing the Excel workbook I made in writing this article here. It is pre-programmed, with everything computed dynamically, so one can play around with costs, comfort, distances and weights to see for themselves how different modes of transport stack up against each other for in-depth analysis.
TDIsaver Member
Join Date: Oct 2016 Location: PA TDI(s): Multiple
Quote: DSIre Originally Posted by I just saw my 2011 restitution value jump 2100 on the VW claim site. Did VW just update their calculator to add the value not claimed by ignorant sellers? (I am a second owner entitled to 1/2 std restitution + the non claimed proportion by 1st sellers)
Based on some example cars I have entered, it looks like ~78% of restitution goes to post 6/28 buyers. I also noticed one example car that I almost bought in July but was too late had 100% of the restitution going to the post 6/28 buyer. Because of this discrepancy, I assumed it was a website issue. I would be happy with 78%. I also noticed this a few days ago but thought it might be an error on the website. What percentage is 2100 compared to your full restitution payment?Based on some example cars I have entered, it looks like ~78% of restitution goes to post 6/28 buyers. I also noticed one example car that I almost bought in July but was too late had 100% of the restitution going to the post 6/28 buyer. Because of this discrepancy, I assumed it was a website issue. I would be happy with 78%.
It's my pleasure to announce that Michael Whelan is confirmed to create the cover art for Words of Radiance, volume 2 of Brandon Sanderson's Stormlight Archive. Whelan has turned to gallery work in recent years, so we were honored when he took on the series debut, The Way of Kings. That cover was a stunning beginning for the new epic fantasy series and I am delighted that he has agreed to explore Sanderson's growing world again with us.
Some initial thoughts from Whelan on Words of Radiance: “The material I have is enormously evocative. I haven't read a fantasy epic this engaging in decades. It is wonderfully imaginative and inspiring, a rich and cogent universe that feels entirely believable, with interesting characters and plotlines that weave through the book like the moves of an expert fencer. For me, the chief attraction is of course, the deep, deep well of creative possibilities, original and moving concepts that any artist in our field would jump to be a part of.”
Below is the cover Whelan painted for The Way of Kings, you can read about the behind-the-scenes creation of this piece here.
It's one of the photos of the year: Nigel Farage laughing like a jackass next to Donald Trump in the blinged-out lift at Trump Tower.
On Twitter, the writer Matt Haig quipped: “Look at these two young earnest revolutionaries plotting the downfall of the global elite from their humble golden elevator.”
In 2016, Trump's presidential victory took the longstanding culture war phenomenon of “elitist anti-elitism” to a bizarre new level.
During the campaign, he positioned himself as the anti-establishment candidate, a human wrecking ball smashing the American elite into pieces. Yet he did so while boasting of his wealth and his fame and his luxury lifestyle, without any sense of disconnect whatsoever.
The 'latte libel' is a brilliant conservative strategy. The left cannot counter it with facts alone | Alex Frankel Read more
When Donald Trump Jnr told the press that the presidency would be a “step down” for his dad, he was reiterating a central theme of the Trump push: the notion that The Donald represented the antidote to “Crooked Hillary” and her establishment backers as much because of as despite his billion dollar bank balance.
Already, we're witnessing the reverberations in Australia.
Almost immediately after the election, former MPs Mark Latham and Ross Cameron announced they'd teamed up with the Spectator's Rowan Dean for a Trump-flavoured talk program on Sky. The show would, they said, be called Outsiders – an antidote to “an out-of-touch, inner-city leftist class”.
Think about that for a second. A newspaper editor and two ex-politicians (drawing the usual huge pensions from the public purse), sufficiently well-connected that they can make a few calls to Murdoch's men and get themselves on air.
Somehow, though, they're “Outsiders”.
Latham's at least put some effort into his anti-elitist shtick, devoting his taxpayer-funded retirement to paint himself as a humble western suburb bloke relentlessly persecuted by mean feminists and politically correct leftists and goodness knows what else.
You can't say the same about Malcolm Turnbull. The prime minister remains the quintessential silvertail: a Sydney Grammar boy, barrister, Goldman Sachs partner and tech millionaire.
Yet after Trump's win, Turnbull, too, began sticking it to The Man. On the ABC's 7.30 program, he responded to tough questioning by decrying the “elite media” and its preoccupations.
How is this possible? How did anti-elitism become such an easy rhetorical strategy that even Malcolm Turnbull can employ it?
The “one weird trick” for rightwing demagogues works like this.
You tap into the immense discontent bubbling away in every developed nation, and you direct that simmering anger against the pillars of the status quo (the media, the parliament, the education system and so on), infusing your denunciation with a dose of whatever strain of bigotry prevails at that particular moment. The press is biased toward Muslims! The schools fail heterosexual students! The hospitals are in crisis because of immigrants!
Now comes the crucial part.
Your charges might be nonsensical but with luck you'll draw liberals and the left into your snare. Rightly appalled by your racism, they'll respond with a defence of the institutions you've impugned. The press isn't biased at all! The schools are great and there's nothing wrong with the nation's hospitals.
Bam!
Suddenly, the charge of liberal elitism looks credible.
You've successfully lured progressives into taking responsibility for a status quo that most of the population, at some level or another, despises. Your opponent might think he's standing up xenophobia but most voters will only hear an outraged leftist defending the health system that condemned poor old Auntie to wait for hours on a trolley.
Of course, the problems in the hospitals really pertain to funding cuts rather than immigration – but that doesn't matter. You've manoeuvred liberals so that, instead of voicing aspirations for change, they've identified themselves with a hated business-as-usual.
The Trumpite slogan “Make America Great Again” offers the perfect real-world example. In his rallies and press conferences, Trump implied (or simply asserted) that Mexicans and Muslims were responsible for the nation's decline. Clinton shot back by declaring that America was already great – and so the trap was sprung.
Rather than persuading the public that immigrants weren't to blame for low wages, the Democrats sounded like they saw nothing wrong with declining living standards. Clinton thus became the candidate of status in an election in which voters desperately wanted change.
Unfortunately, progressives have learned little from the result.
In recent weeks, American liberals have seized, with increasing shrillness, on assertions from anonymous CIA agents about Russian involvement in Wikileaks' Podesta files.
It's a disastrous focus, an orientation certain to boost Trump's fortunes.
For what does the insistence that “Putin hacked democracy” do? The Podesta emails were, after all, entirely genuine. The Democrats were not the victim of a smear or a fabrication. On the contrary, the Wikileaks data base revealed how party insiders actually conducted themselves. By blaming defeat on the Podesta leaks, liberals are acknowledging that a Clinton victory depended on concealing the truth, that voters gaining accurate information about her campaign was a terrible blow to her chances.
You could not have planned a strategy more calculated to reinforce and amplify all of Trump's talking points about liberal duplicity and elitism.
There is, however, an alternative.
This week, we've witnessed Tony Abbott and Bronwyn Bishop run a tag-team operation against disabled pensioners. The former PM kicked things off by decrying the supposed ease with which individuals with “a bad back and a bit of depression” could quality for the benefit, before Bishop chimed in to explain that many of those claiming a pension for depression were actually “drug addicts”.
“There are a large number of people were rorting it,” she said.
Now you may remember that, when Bronwyn Bishop served as Speaker in Abbott's administration, she charged the taxpayer $5,000 to fly by helicopter to a Liberal party fundraiser in Geelong. After a public outcry, she resigned her post and left parliament the following year. She did not, however, go empty handed – in retirement, she's drawing $255,000 from the public purse along with 10 free domestic return flights a year.
As a former PM, Abbott's entitled to even more. Had he quit politics after the leadership spill in 2015, he would have taken with him, even then, more than $300,000 a year for the rest of his life, plus an assortment of perks.
Here's the formula, then, for busting elitist anti-elitism.
How can the left respond to the global resurgence of far right populism? | Jason Wilson Read more
Rather than defending the status quo, progressives need to say loudly and clearly that, yes, the shirkers and parasites must be exposed. But the problem lies at the top, not at the bottom: there's something deeply wrong with a system in which Bronwyn “Helicopter” Bishop can lecture disabled pensioners about rorting.
When we identify the real hierarchies, the claims of the rightwing anti-elitists dissolve into dust.
On Friday, we learned that the 17 people selected for Trump's cabinet (and associated positions) will own more money (a cool $9.5bn or so) than the 43 million poorest families in America combined. Yes, that's right. The inner circle of the Trump administration will be personally richer than the bottom third of all American households.
It's an utterly obscene statistic.
Yet that disparity between the very rich and the very poor is indicative rather than anomalous, with the gulf between the tiny ranks of the ultra wealthy and everyone else growing under Republicans and Democrats alike. Earlier this year, Oxfam noted that the richest 62 people owned as much as the poorest half of the world's population, a grim milestone achieved during Barack Obama's tenure.
That's the point. Trump isn't a change-maker or an insurgent. Like most of the other “anti-elitists”, he's deeply invested in the inequalities of the status quo – something that will be coming increasingly clear the more that people push for real change.
Ronda Rousey might not star in Marvel's "Captain Marvel", but the MMA champion has been offered to play her desired superhero role in an adult film. Director Axel Braun has reportedly offered the UFC fighter $5 million to star in a new porn parody.
Right after Ronda Rousey defended her UFC Women's champion title last month, the mixed martial artist has expressed in a Reddit AMA session, her interest to play the role of Captain Marvel. But instead of getting a response from Kevin Feige or anyone from Marvel Studios, her statement has caught the attention of an adult film director. According to TMZ Sports, the 28-year-old judoka/actress has been offered to star as the titular superhero in a porn parody.
Porn director Axel Braun has reportedly offered her a whopping $5 million to appear in "Captain Marvel XXX: An Axel Braun Parody". The offer is said to cover two weeks of shooting that involves three intimate scenes and "more dialogue than average porno." Movie Web reports that Braun has already apologized to the fighter in advance, in case the offer offends her. Though Rousey and her reps still haven't made a statement, it is predicted that it will definitely be rejected.
This is not the first time Rousey's name has been linked into the industry as she has already been parodied with a film titled "Ronda ArouseMe" which stars Kleio Valentien. As for Braun, this is also not the first time he approached a high-profile civilian to appear in his movies. Science Fiction notes that the director has already proposed similar arrangement to Ben Affleck's former nanny Christine Ouzounian. The ex-nanny was reportedly offered the role of Batwoman in the sequel to "Batman v Superman XXX".
It really seems unlikely for Braun to get Rousey to star in his future project. This may only be a publicity stunt to bring his next adult film into the spotlight. Also, the actress is still busy developing her own biopic entitled "My Fight/Your Fight".
What do you think of Axel Braun's offer to Ronda Rousey? Do you think that the MMA fighter is suitable for the role of Carol Danvers in Marvel's "Captain Marvel"? Let us know in the comments.
Hot on the heels of Shakira, Rage Against the Machine are leading a fresh charge against Arizona's controversial new immigration law. Artists including Kanye West, Sonic Youth and Massive Attack have all pledged a musical boycott of the US state, refusing to tour there until the "odious" bill is repealed.
Rage frontman Zack de la Rocha is seizing the megaphone for Sound Strike, a new organisation for which "Arizona is [the] picket line". Their target is bill SB1070, which passed the Arizona state legislature last month. Signed into law by governor Jan Brewer, the bill compels police officers to challenge anyone they suspect of being an illegal immigrant to prove their immigration status. Those without documentation will be arrested as criminals.
"Fans of our music, our stories, our films and our words can be pulled over and harassed every day because they are brown or black, or for the way they speak, or for the music they listen to," de la Rocha wrote in an open letter. "This law opens the door for them to be shaked down [sic], or even worse, detained and deported while just trying to travel home from school, from home to work, or when they just roll out with their friends."
Launched yesterday, the campaign's initial supporters include everyone from singer-songwriter Conor Oberst and hip-hop crew Cypress Hill, to film-maker Michael Moore and Mexican band Los Tigres del Norte. Joe Satriani, Serj Tankian and Spank Rock have also signed up. All of these artists have pledged to skip Arizona on concert tours, refusing to allow their "collective economic power to ... aid and abet civil and human rights violations".
"[I feel] terrible about the idea of boycotting Arizona," Satriani told Billboard. "I have friends there. I have a lot of fans there. ... [But] SB1070 just doesn't have enough in it to make it a good law. In the last 15 years the erosion of rights of American citizens has put us close to a police state. We teeter back and forth; that's what you have to be vigilant about."
Not every progressive musician is in favour of a boycott. Hardcore band Fucked Up, winners of last year's Polaris prize, spurred a debate last month when they criticised the band Stars for advocating a boycott. "Why not keep playing Arizona, using the shows as an opportunity to engage the people there to get involved?" asked frontman Damian Abraham. "Use press ops before the show to talk about what is going on in the local media."
But for de la Rocha, the greatest fear is that SB1070 will become a model for other US border states. "If other states follow the direction of Arizona," he wrote, "we could be headed towards a pre-Civil Rights era reality." Sound Strike has invited all musicians to join their boycott, and launched a petition asking president Obama "to take necessary and appropriate action" against the Arizona bill. At the time of writing, there are, er, 81 signatures.
LAFAYETTE, IN—While describing the couple's relationship as nothing short of perverse, sickening, and totally unnatural, reports confirmed Thursday that Daniel Bowman, a 25-year-old black man, and Jennifer Pines, a 24-year-old white woman, are in a way actually sort of beautiful together.
Recently spotted holding hands—and in public, for Christ's sake—the unwholesome, sinful union of two incompatible races made for a sight that was reportedly repulsive and yet, at the same time, oddly endearing.
Advertisement
“They seem so happy together,” said 31-year-old onlooker Christina Berg, who apparently doesn't grasp the basic and undeniable truth that whites are supposed to be with whites, blacks with blacks, Asians with Asians, Mexicans with Mexicans, and so forth. “Just look at the way they're smiling at each other and nuzzling while they walk. That's really sweet.”
“Aw!” Berg added as the total abomination of nature shared a quick kiss, which sources had to admit was actually kind of cute.
By conducting their completely inappropriate relationship in the open, Bowman and Pines have reportedly shamed both themselves and their families for five straight years, though sources noted it is rather nice to see a young couple stay committed to each other for such a long time.
Advertisement
Reports confirmed that Pines, who is said to be at risk of muddying the pure white bloodline she ought to be proud of, first met Bowman when the two played on opposing teams during a co-ed softball game, a story that, if you think about it, is awfully charming. And while witnesses acknowledged the two truly seem to be in love—which is rare, and, admittedly, a thing to be cherished—God forbid they ever have a child together, because that would simply be appalling, even though the couple would likely make good, loving parents.
“There's a pair of lovebirds if I've ever seen one,” Jeffrey Kopec, 43, said of the man and woman who appear to be a perfect match despite belonging to racial groups that were never meant to inhabit the same continent, let alone develop romantic ties. “They've just been talking and laughing nonstop. Reminds me of my wife and I when we were younger.”
As lovely and heartwarming as it is to see the couple walking arm in arm on the sidewalk, sources asked whether things wouldn't be much simpler if Bowman and Pines could both just stick to dating their own kind. After all, if human beings of different races weren't meant to procreate—and that's reportedly right there in the Bible, by the way—isn't mixing with people of other races an evil, despicable act that flies in the face of God Himself?
Advertisement
And yet, sources added, when you look at those two, it somehow just feels right.
“You can tell they're totally head over heels for each other,” said 24-year-old Allison DeLuca, who, like a normal and responsible white woman, is dating a white man, though if she were to date someone of another race sources speculated that maybe it wouldn't really be the end of the world. “I hope I find that someday.”
Sources went on to state that while Bowman and Pines' relationship goes against absolutely everything that is good and proper, and is still a crime against nature, maybe at the end of the day it's up to them to decide whom they share their love with. Maybe.
Advertisement
According to reports, at least they're not a gay couple.
Potsdam's Christmas market was hurriedly cleared as the bomb squad disabled a suspicious package nearby. Police are trying to determine whether the object was a real explosive device or a dummy.
Main developments
— Authorities in the eastern German city of Potsdam have evacuated a Christmas market to investigate a suspicious object.
— The package contained a "cylindrical object with cables, batteries and nails," but police have said that so far no detonator has been found, suggesting either that the device was an intentional dummy or had been assembled incorrectly.
— Germany has upped security at Christmas markets this year following a 2016 attack in Berlin that killed 12 people.
Read more: A year on from terror attack, Berlin Christmas market opens calmly
Advertisement
Schröter said investigations were underway to determine whether the package contained explosive materials
Investigations underway
Brandenburg state Interior Minister Karl-Heinz Schröter told reporters on Friday evening that the suspicious package contained nails and powder, adding that authorities were still verifying whether that powder was explosive.
"The investigations are still just beginning," Schröter said.
X-rays have confirmed the presence of nails, but the powder might be fake, designed to look like a bomb, he added.
Responding to the suspicious package earlier in the evening, Brandenburg state police said it appeared to contain an "improvised explosive device."
The device was successfully disabled after special forces from the federal police arrived on the scene, police said.
The package had been delivered to a pharmacy near the Christmas market. Upon opening the package, a pharmacist called the police.
Related Subjects Terrorism
Authorities then cleared the nearby Christmas market and conducted a search.
Shortly before 10 p.m. local time (21:00 UTC/GMT), police said a search of the area had been "completed" and nothing else was discovered.
Meanwhile, police in Potsdam said that as a result of Friday's incident, they will bolster their presence at the Christmas market with extra officers from Germany's rapid response and support division, the Bereitschaftspolizei.
Authorities in neighboring Berlin said their personnel had been put on alert, but were waiting to find out more information about the incident in Potsdam.
High terror alert
Last December, an attack on a Christmas market in the German capital killed 12 people when a failed asylum seeker drove a truck into the crowd. Tunisian national Anis Amri was shot dead by Italian police in Milan four days after he committed the attack.
Since then, Germany has been on high alert for possible terror attacks. As Christmas markets began opening across the country over the past week, police beefed up their presence, with authorities erecting car barriers.
Earlier this week, German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere told Bild newspaper that people should be "alert but not afraid" when visiting Christmas markets.
He added that the threat of a terror attack is "simply high, anytime and anywhere," but noted that "Christmas markets are part of our lives and culture."
Germany's 10 best Christmas markets Nuremberg Nuremberg's Christkindlesmarkt is a must for anyone coming to Germany for the Christmas markets. Dating back to at least 1628, it embodies everything we have come to associate with German Christmas markets. Its unique selling point is the Christmas angel, played by a young Nuremberg woman, who makes a speech to ceremonially open the market every year. Germany's 10 best Christmas markets Dresden The Striezelmarkt looks back on a tradition century old. It was first held in 1434 as a one-day market ahead of the holidays. The word Striezelmarkt comes from Strüzel, - a type of light, airy fruitcake sold at the market, now famous as Stollen or Christstollen. Germany's 10 best Christmas markets Bautzen It may be small, but the Wenzelsmarkt in Bautzen is rather special. It was founded 1384, when King Wenceslaus IV of Bohemia decreed a pre-Christmas meat market. Germany's 10 best Christmas markets Cologne The Christmas market next to Cologne Cathedral is one of the biggest in Germany. It attracts some 4 million visitors every year. Round about the largest Christmas tree in the Rhineland, more than 160 festively designed wooden pavilions offer an vast selection of sweets and local delicacies as well as mulled wine in decorative Christmas mugs. Germany's 10 best Christmas markets Hamburg At this time of the year, the Hamburg district of Sankt Pauli shows both its traditional and its playful sides. All around the notorious Reeperbahn entertainment district, is Hamburg's adults-only Christmas market. At the "Santa Pauli" Christmas market you can enjoy delicious mulled wine and buy jewelry, souvenirs and other typical St. Pauli gifts - such as dildos, sex-toys and more. Germany's 10 best Christmas markets Lübeck The market in this Hanseatic city is probably the best known in northern Germany. It was first mentioned in 1648. Marzipan lovers can have a field day at the Lübeck Christmas market. Opposite the town hall (pictured) is the Cafe Niederegger - the famous producer of marzipan, which some say was invented in Lübeck. Germany's 10 best Christmas markets Munich Mulled wine, organic sausages and, of course, lots of culture - that's what Munich's Tollwood Winter Festival on the Theresienwiese has to offer. The four week event is billed as a forum for ecology and environmental awareness. The products and toys bought here are all fair-trade certified. Germany's 10 best Christmas markets Chiemsee Lake This Christmas Market has a truly remarkable and romantic setting surrounded by the crystal clear Lake Chiemsee at the foot of the Bavarian Alps. The market on the Island of Frauenchiemsee commands a view of Herrenchiemsee Island, and its famous Herrenchiemsee Castle, built by King Ludwig II of Bavaria - the swan king who also initiated construction of Neuschwanstein Castle. Germany's 10 best Christmas markets Aachen The Christmas market in the shadow of Aachen cathedral is comparatively young, only dating back to the 1970s. As Aachen lies near the Belgian and Dutch borders, the market has an international feel with many visitors from the Benelux. An absolute must try and buy at this market are the local Printen pastries similar to gingerbread. Germany's 10 best Christmas markets Annaberg-Buchholz This award-winning Christmas market in the Ore Mountains is rather special. It boasts an enormous Christmas tree as well as a Christmas pyramid, with story figures of Christmas, the town and the local mining industry. From over 80 lovingly decorated booths you can buy genuine traditional Ore Mountain woodworking, incense cones and Annaberg folded stars.
ls/cmk (Reuters, AFP)
Why we should be grateful to immigrants
In 1929, the great economist Irving Fisher found his fortune and reputation ruined by his utter failure to forecast the great crash. Rival forecaster Roger Babson commented, not without sympathy, that Fisher's problem was that “he thinks the world is ruled by figures instead of feelings”.
What a pitiable error. And it's a warning to economists like me. We like to believe that the numbers speak for themselves, but the political world prefers to think with its gut. Nowhere is this more true than in the case of immigration, which economists tend to conclude is broadly a positive force. Politicians, aware that the world is ruled by feelings, tend to view immigration as something closer to a series of prison breaks: if you can't get a grip on it, apologise and resign.
Immigration was a centrepiece of Donald Trump's “build the wall” election campaign. It is a stated reason that the British government intends to go well beyond the referendum result and leave not only the EU but the single market. Immigration inspires strong feelings, and those feelings aren't of happiness and gratitude. That is a shame.
Is there a gut-based case that we should be grateful to immigrants? I'd like to think so. Perhaps we should start with the golden rule of “do unto others”. It has a clarifying effect on our thinking about immigrants — or “expats”, as the golden rule suggests we call them, since that is what we call ourselves if we go to live overseas. The words are synonyms but the difference in perspective and respect is enormous.
The golden rule quickly exposes much of the talk about immigrants — expats — as hypocrisy. One popular idea is that immigration should be based on some kind of “points” system — or as the White House describes it, “merit-based” immigration. It seems reasonable. But not for a moment would we think of telling someone they couldn't move from Detroit to Dallas because they “lacked merit”. Vox columnist Matthew Yglesias observes that he wouldn't get away with describing white Americans without college degrees as people “without merit”. Quite.
Another seductive folly is the idea that the authorities should in their bureaucratic wisdom decide how easy it would be for different industries to recruit workers. As migration expert Madeleine Sumption has recently pointed out, an attempt to fine-tune the labour market through immigration policy might seem attractive, but it would require an extensive and expensive bureaucracy that would swiftly be surrounded by eager lobbyists. We need only ask how we'd feel if such a policy applied to us, with a Whitehall department deciding whether Cambridge required another software engineer.
We might also think that concerns about the “brain drain” were not a persuasive reason to force people from Leicester to stay there on the grounds that Leicester needs their skills. All these policies have managed to pass as moderate, sensible and even compassionate when applied to foreigners. The instant we ask if we'd apply them to ourselves we see them for what they are: a ludicrously cumbersome attempt at economic planning, and a woefully illiberal way to treat human beings.
There are many analyses of the costs and benefits of immigration. What's not widely appreciated is that most of them simply ignore any benefits to the migrants — expats — themselves. Given this handicap, it's striking that many serious studies find some modest net economic benefits. If I told you that a school or a hospital could pass a cost-benefit test even after ignoring the benefits to the pupils or patients, you might reasonably conclude that the school and hospital were impressive organisations. You'd also tell me it was a very strange way to do cost-benefit analysis.
In 18th-century France, workers had to show their papers to get permission to move from one town to another. The objection wasn't that immigrants might arrive. It was that valuable workers might leave.
The French nobles were on to something. In most circumstances we're keen to live close to other people. Densely populated areas tend to be richer, more productive, and more innovative. Because housing is compact and people travel on public transport, cities are also more environmentally friendly. And we know that cities are desirable places to live because people are willing to pay so dearly to live in them. Usually we view other people as customers, colleagues, and friends. From the church to the high street to the nightclub, other people are the lifeblood of our communities. It is only when we call other people “immigrants” that they seem to cause such anxiety.
I think we should be more grateful to the people who have the courage and energy to leave their homes and make a life somewhere new. But perhaps I'm the one who should be more grateful. As the economist Paul Seabright observes in his 2004 book The Company of Strangers (UK) (US), we humans are the recent descendants of shy, murderous apes. Somehow we have figured out a way to live together and co-operate. We have some way to go, but I am grateful for the progress we have made so far.
First published in the Financial Times on 7 April 2017.
My book “Messy” is available online in the US and UK or in good bookshops everywhere.
How to Name Clojure Protocols
This is a blog about the development of Yeller, The Exception Tracker with Answers Read more about Yeller here
Is there any sensible consensus on good naming convention for Clojure Protocols?
Naming things is pretty hard. Naming the abstractions used by your software is often even more difficult. But aside from just the words you use, Clojure programmers face another issue:
Do you name a protocol:
IDeref
or Deref
This came up recently on the clojure mailing list, and I thought I'd do some digging into what the different conventions across clojure libraries are:
IBlah
Blah
That's an incomplete list, partly taken from Yeller's dependencies, partly from the clojure toolbox, but you can see that nearly all clojure libraries avoid the prefix. That seems pretty conclusive.
The Right Approach to Protocol Names
So, given these two options, which style should you use to name your protocols? I strongly recommend the former: plain names without an I prefix. The prefix seems to be mostly left over Java legacy - we have tools that let you see what's a protocol vs a type, and adding that “this is an interface” is just line noise.
Further, if you're dealing with business oriented software (which many of us are), the business names don't ever start with me . They're just “Auction” or “Store” and so on. Your code should reflect that.
This does go against the convention from Clojure.core for interfaces, but even there this convention isn't always applied. Here are the defprotocol calls from clojure.core :
ag defprotocol src src/clj/clojure/core/reducers.clj 81:(defprotocol CollFold src/clj/clojure/core/protocols.clj 13:(defprotocol CollReduce 19:(defprotocol InternalReduce 180:(defprotocol IKVReduce src/clj/clojure/data.clj 67:(defprotocol ^{:added "1.3"} EqualityPartition 71:(defprotocol ^{:added "1.3"} Diff src/clj/clojure/java/io.clj 35:(defprotocol ^{:added "1.2"} Coercions 69:(defprotocol ^{:added "1.2"} IOFactory src/clj/clojure/reflect/java.clj 184:(defprotocol ClassResolver src/clj/clojure/reflect.clj 44:(defprotocol Reflector 48:(defprotocol TypeReference
However, basically every Java interface that clojure uses adopts this convention. Samples:
ag "public interface" src src/jvm/clojure/lang/IKeywordLookup.java 15:public interface IKeywordLookup{ src/jvm/clojure/lang/ILookup.java 15:public interface ILookup{ src/jvm/clojure/lang/ILookupSite.java 15:public interface ILookupSite{ src/jvm/clojure/lang/ILookupThunk.java 15:public interface ILookupThunk{ src/jvm/clojure/lang/IMapEntry.java 15:public interface IMapEntry extends Map.Entry{ src/jvm/clojure/lang/IMeta.java 15:public interface IMeta {
But not all of them! So there's little consistency in Clojure itself. No wonder folk wonder about it on the mailing list.
Here are some sample protocols named in this style from Yeller's codebase:
ag "defprotocol" src src/yeller/collector/offset_store.clj 8:(defprotocol OffsetStorage src/yeller/exception_store.clj 11:(defprotocol ExceptionQuery 14:(defprotocol ExceptionLookup 18:(defprotocol ExceptionStatus 21:(defprotocol GroupsIncidents 24:(defprotocol CreateProject src/yeller/infrastructure/pool.clj 12:(defprotocol KeyPool src/yeller/timeseries.clj 9:(defprotocol TimeSeries
Overall, it looks like libraries overwhelmingly avoid the prefix style, and you should probably adopt that as well.
References
Growing Object Oriented Software, Guided by Tests has a great section on this (they avoid the prefix as well).
J. B. Rainsberger has a great post/chart on better naming overall.
This is a blog about the development of Yeller, the Exception Tracker with Answers. Read more about Yeller here
Klay will buy Warriors toaster if they go 16-0
A confused Klay Thompson signed a fan's toaster on March 13, and ever since then, the Warriors have only lost one game. Some fans began to say that the power of the toaster was helping Golden State win.
The Warriors are now 13-0 in the postseason. The day before they face the Cavaliers in Game 2 of the Finals, Klay was asked about the toaster. He said that if they manage to sweep Cleveland, he'll buy the team a toaster.
"I don't know if we'll do it. It's gonna be pretty hard, the Cavs especially. But yeah, I'll gladly buy the whole team a toaster if we go 16-0. It'll be incredibly difficult."
Klay says he will gladly buy the team a toaster if they go 16-0 this postseason pic.twitter.com/bWYmC7Z9pS — Sports Illustrated (@SInow) June 3, 2017
Why just one toaster and not one for each player? I'm not sure. Perhaps it'll be a super expensive high-tech toaster.
Klay's dad, two-time NBA champ Mychal Thompson, has also talked about toasters. After Game 1 of the Finals, Mychal told ESPN that he believes the Warriors should buy all of their season ticket holders toasters if they win the championship - "Reward the fans with a toaster of their own," he said.
Klay's reaction to a fan asking him to sign his toaster is priceless. 😂 (via @R_Dollaz) pic.twitter.com/y29GCVfG8c — SportsCenter (@SportsCenter) March 14, 2017
Klay on the winning streak - "The toaster has been working" pic.twitter.com/vyUo2MrBo8 — Oracle Arena (@OracleArena) May 31, 2017
The toaster owner, who's name is Ronnie Reyes, is trying to score free tickets.
Plus, he was featured in the Wall Street Journal. He's enjoying his celebrity status.
"I've never experienced that before," said Mr. Reyes, a 23-year-old insurance salesman. "I felt like a local celebrity. Which I feel like I am. But only if I have the toaster."
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2rDVBbo
How did that tiny, complicated spiky tip on the Apollo modules transform into a usable tunnel for astronauts after they docked? Through a bit of engineering ingenuity still in use today.
When we posted a photo from Apollo 17's moon landing, Jeyl was understandably confused by the mechanics of how the command and service module hooked into the landing module:
Question. How does that very complicated looking tip turn into a tunnel for the astronauts to float through?
iCowboy provided a thoroughly detailed (and referenced!) answer:
That bit's called the probe and fitted into a conical recess in the Lunar Module called the drogue. When centred, capture latches on the tip of the probe would click into place - this was known as ‘capture'. The Command Module would then order the probe to be retracted which pulled the two modules together. When fully retracted, twelve docking latches in the CM would click home on the sides of the LM's docking tunnel to create a solid link.
Then the CM crew member would collapse the probe whilst the LM team did the same for the drogue and then they could go back and forth. There's a glimpse of this process in Apollo 13 after the ship leaves Earth orbit - as if anyone needs an excuse to watch Apollo 13 again.
And if you want a real page turner - here is the official NASA report on the design of the docking system - enjoy!
Gattis hasn't caught in a big league game since Sept. 28, 2014 -- his last game as a member of the Braves before being traded to the Astros that offseason. He served primarily as the designated hitter and played some in the outfield last year with Houston, but Hinch wants to increase roster versatility by getting Gattis back behind the plate.
HOUSTON -- Astros manager A.J. Hinch said Sunday that Evan Gattis could get some time behind the plate for the first time this season in the next week to 10 days. Gattis, who was activated from the disabled list a week ago following offseason hernia surgery, has been doing daily catching drills.
HOUSTON -- Astros manager A.J. Hinch said Sunday that Evan Gattis could get some time behind the plate for the first time this season in the next week to 10 days. Gattis, who was activated from the disabled list a week ago following offseason hernia surgery, has been doing daily catching drills.
Gattis hasn't caught in a big league game since Sept. 28, 2014 -- his last game as a member of the Braves before being traded to the Astros that offseason. He served primarily as the designated hitter and played some in the outfield last year with Houston, but Hinch wants to increase roster versatility by getting Gattis back behind the plate.
View Full Game Coverage
"The next step is to get him in some games," Hinch said. "The only uncomfortable part for me is having him do it at the Major League level, having not done it for a year. I would have loved to have had Spring Training to get through the shaking off the rust, but he's equipped to do it, he's done it before. It's not as big of a story as maybe we're making it. To get him in the rotation behind the plate and give [starter Jason] Castro a day off, and whether I choose to play him or [backup Erik] Kratz is something I'll probably talk more about the next homestand."
When asked if he could envision a scenario where Castro and Gattis are the only catchers on the roster, Hinch said it depends on how the roster shakes out.
"I'm very comfortable with Kratz behind the plate," Hinch said. "He's got a really good arm, he works with pitchers well and he receives well. It's nothing to take away from him; it's just a continual grind for me to try to find playing time for the guys and keep the rhythm and get these guys starts."
Worth noting
Right-handed pitcher Lance McCullers Jr., who had his scheduled rehab start at Double-A Corpus Christi on Saturday scratched because of continual discomfort in his right shoulder, played catch Sunday morning in Houston without incident, Hinch said. That will allow him to increase his throwing program in the next day or so.
"The good news is it's only a couple of days past his start, so we don't have to start over [with his rehab program]," Hinch said. "He can jump right back into bullpens and hopefully get out to a rehab start. The first test of feeling good and throwing with no residual effect is a good sign."
Image caption An inquiry found the blowout preventer had snagged on a piece of drill pipe
BP is suing Transocean, the owner of the oil rig that exploded in the Gulf of Mexico last year, for $40bn (£24.37bn) in damages.
BP said safety systems on Transocean's Deepwater Horizon rig had failed.
Separately, BP also sued the maker of the rig's blowout preventer, alleging the device failed to stop the huge oil spill that followed the explosion.
Both lawsuits were filed on Wednesday on the first anniversary of the explosion, which killed 11 workers.
Overnight on 20 April 2010, Transocean's Deepwater Horizon burst into flames while drilling a well for BP.
In the months that followed, more than 200 million gallons (780 million litres) of oil flowed in the Gulf of Mexico from the well, soiling hundreds of miles of coastline in the worst US oil spill in recent history.
In federal court in New Orleans on Wednesday, BP said Swiss-based Transocean and Cameron International, the Houston company that supplied the blowout preventer (BOP), should help it pay for tens of billions of dollars in liabilities resulting from the spill, which include clean-up and compensation costs.
BP also wants the court to declare that Cameron caused or contributed to the disaster.
"The Deepwater Horizon BOP was unreasonably dangerous, and has caused and continues to cause harm, loss, injuries, and damages to BP (and others) stemming from the blowout of Macondo well" and resulting spill, the BP lawsuit said.
Cameron has filed counter-claims and defended the integrity of its products. Transocean did not immediately comment on the BP lawsuit but has also requested court judgements against BP, Cameron and others.
BP has estimated its liability at $40.9bn, but could face tens of billions more in fines and penalties.
Legal deadline
Investigators hired by the US government said last month that the blowout preventer's design was flawed, and that a piece of drill pipe trapped in the well pipe under the rig kept the blowout preventer from shearing and pinching off the well after the explosion.
In a statement supplied to the Associated Press, Cameron noted that Wednesday, the first anniversary of the disaster, was the deadline for companies to file claims against one another.
The investigators hired by the US government also said Transocean workers' actions contributed to the blowout preventer's failure.
In addition, in January a commission convened by US President Barack Obama found that BP, Transocean and Halliburton - the US company that handled the well-sealing operation ahead of the disaster - made decisions aimed at cutting costs and saving time that ultimately added to the risk of an accident.
I never thought that I would have to revisit this topic. After all, our society is becoming acutely aware of food allergies. But just the other day, a friend in the food allergy community said, “people don't die from a milk allergy.” On the contrary, severe milk allergies are real. And it's time they gain some respect.
We've Come So Far. Or Have We?
My first major brush with milk allergy disbelief came during a call with a certifying agency about eight years ago. They were involved in lab testing for gluten-free food certification, and thought there was a huge opportunity in dairy-free certification. I inquired about liability issues, and they stated, “that shouldn't be a problem since milk doesn't cause life-threatening reactions.” After hanging up the phone, I emailed Sabrina Shannon's story to them. Sabrina was lost to a milk allergy tragedy, and her story sparked some of the first food allergy legislation. I never heard from that certifying agency again.
I later read a WebMD report on the need for better food allergy guidelines. It briefly introduced me to Matt Mitchell, a then 20 year old college student who had experienced several close calls due to a lifelong milk allergy. His emergency room visits were frequent, including one on Christmas day. He had consumed dark chocolate that was made on shared equipment with milk chocolate. In the article, Matt's mother Lynda stated, “I call milk allergies the Rodney Dangerfield of food allergies. They don't get the respect that peanut allergies get because most people confuse them with lactose intolerance. But just like peanuts or shellfish, a milk allergy can be life threatening.”
Lynda's words prompted me to initially write this story seven years ago. And today, I'm bringing new life to the topic in remembrance of all who have been lost to a milk allergy. When someone doesn't believe you, send them here. I sadly have ample proof that anaphylactic and life-threatening reactions to milk allergies are real.
Why We Must Remember that Milk Allergies are Real
Fortunately, at last check, Matt was in his mid-twenties and still speaking out for milk allergies. But not all milk allergic kids and adults have been so lucky. In the past several months, the number of milk allergy-related deaths has surpassed peanut and tree nut allergies in the news.
Sabrina's story still brings me to tears, and now, so do these:
These are publicized events from this year alone. There are many more stories from years past, and that families didn't wish to share. Not to mention the loss of individuals with multiple food allergens (including milk) where the culprit remained unknown.
I believe that anyone with a food allergy or intolerance of any magnitude should be taken seriously. But please be aware that milk is a top allergen throughout the world, and it has the ability to cause severe, and even fatal, reactions.
Ways to Support the Milk Allergy Community
Every May, FARE promotes Food Allergy Awareness Week. It's a great time to get involved in the Teal movement and to learn more. But there are also some very personal causes that have been created to support food allergy awareness.
Caroline Lorette tragically passed away at the age of 14 after having an allergic reaction to dairy. Her parents started The Sweet Caroline Foundation to promote allergy awareness and offer allergy education programming for schools and organizations. They also award a scholarship to students who develop and implement innovative ideas to bring awareness and education to students, adults and the general public.
In 2017, 3 year old Elijah-Alavi Affiq was given a grilled cheese sandwich by an adult at his New York City Pre-K school. Elijah was severely allergic to dairy, and unfortunately did not survive the incipent. His father, Thomas Silvera, co-founded the Elijah-Alavi Foundation in honor of his memory and to bring awareness to the severity of food allergies and anaphylaxis. Their mission is to provide training and education in city school and daycare centers at no cost to them. Thomas shared this video, which further explains their loss, initiative, and how you can help.
Please Share- – My Name is Thomas Silvera and I am the Co-Founder and Vice President of the Elijah-Alavi Foundation. On January 16th my son Elijah-Alavi Affiq Thomas Silvera would have been turning 5 years old today. I created this video in honor of his memory & his birthday to bring awareness to the severity of food allergies and anaphylaxis. The Elijah-Alavi Foundation and #elijahsecho is an initiative designed to raise awareness of the importance of severe food allergy/anaphylaxis, asthma w/allergies education and training. The #elijahsecho movement was born from the tragic incident that occurred in a New York City Pre-K school/Daycare center on November 3rd, 2017. The incident of which, soon after caused my son Elijah-Alavi to pass away. Despite the school having well documented all his severe food allergy and his severe allergy to dairy products, an adult employee had fed my son Elijah-Alavi a grilled cheese sandwich. Following the incident, Medical professionals worked on Elijah-Alavi as he was going into anaphylactic shock. The school had failed to report what Elijah-Alavi had been fed. Soon after, my son Elijah-Alavi passed away. The Elijah-Alavi Foundation Inc nonprofit 501 (c) (3) Was able to pass a Law called Elijah's Law #A10031 in the Senate and we're working harder to move this bill further. we have also aided in the amendment of the NYC Department of Health Codes by providing safety with educational training provide by Code Ana and with Kaléo pharmaceutical donating 7500 Auvi-Q (epinephrine auto-injectors, USP) to all NYC regulated daycare centers to protect our young children. Let's continue to create and build awareness by putting a name and face to the importance of severe food allergy, anaphylaxis and asthma safety in the inner city schools/pre-K and daycare centers in NYC and with the hopes to continue nationally. The Elijah-Alavi Foundation Inc. is one that is very close to many of our hearts, and we are working very hard to honor Elijah's memory. With every donation given, it will go to directly to the Elijah-Alavi Foundation Inc so we can utilize our mission/initiative by providing the training and education in these New York City Schools/Daycare centers etc at no cost to them. Come and stand with my family and I. We encourage you to share Elijah-Alavi story and video by using the hashtag #elijahsecho and promote food allergy/anaphylaxis and asthma awareness and safety.You can click on the donate button below or click on the link https://www.facebook.com/beelijahsecho/#foodallergies #anaphalaxsis #NYC #daycare #PSA FoodAllergyNY AAFA's asthma & allergy friendly Certification Program NoNuts4Me Kids With Food Allergies Foundation #ElijahsEcho PTA of PS 185 The Locke School of Arts and Engineering End Allergies Together Parents of Children With Multiple Food Allergies No Nuts Moms Group Support Group and Forum- All Food Allergies Welcome MILK ALLERGY MOMMY ARMY ("MAMA") The Dad Good Morning America Food Allergy Moms of Long Island, NY Anaphylaxis Support UK Food Allergy Support – Queens NYC Milk Allergy Mommies Allergy & Asthma Awareness Initiative – AAAI Allergy & Asthma Network NAASTA 1- National African American Surgical Technologist Association Mount Sinai Jaffe Food Allergy Institute Allergy & Anaphylaxis Australia Brian Benjamin Allergy Moms Food Allergy Research & Education SnackSafely.com Ruchi Gupta Allergy Reality Red Sneakers For Oakley Fatherly TODAY Parents Parents Tia Mowry Teva Pharmaceuticals USA Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Auvi-Q (epinephrine injection, USP) No Nuts Moms Group- All Food Allergies Welcome HuffPost ParentsTeva Pharmaceuticals USANut Allergy MumOrangecounty FoodallergyMilk Allergy MommiesFoodallergytalkLee DanielsFood Allergy Support GroupParents of Children With Multiple Food AllergiesNo Nuts Moms Group Support Group and Forum- All Food Allergies Welcome Posted by Thomas Silvera on Sunday, January 13, 2019
Understand and Share the Message with Go Dairy Free
In Luke 15, Jesus is telling a story about a shepherd that has 100 sheep. One gets lost. The good shepherd, knowing the 99 are safe, goes out and finds the one that ran away. Upon finding the little sheep, the shepherd puts it on his shoulders and brings the sheep home. As if that wasn't enough, the shepherd is so happy to have the lost sheep back that he calls his family and neighbors and has a party celebrating the return of the sheep.
That's the kind of Heavenly Father we have. He knows we are sinners. He asks us to stay with Him, but we always seem to turn to the bad things in this world for comfort instead of Him. The trick is that when we realize we've gone too far down a bad path, it seems likes it's too late. We are virtually buried in our sins.
However, while we have breath, our story isn't over. Jesus, our Good Shepherd, searches for us. And He doesn't quit until we're home. Our God loves us enough to keep going until we release ourselves to Him. By then, we are usually broken and defeated by the wickedness of this world. That doesn't stop Jesus though. He picks us up, puts us on His shoulders, and marches home. And the Bible teaches that whenever a single sinner repents and accepts Christ, the whole of Heaven sings out with joy and celebration, for the one who was lost has been found.
Joy, peace, forgiveness, and a triumphant return. That's what He offers us, even though we don't deserve it.
Love… That's my God.
DH
Impact Sites of Apollo LM Ascent and SIVB Stages
Notes
Impact times are Earth received times, approximately 1.3 seconds later than real time on the Moon.
SIVB coordinate data are from Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter images of impact sites and
Wagner et al., Icarus 283, pp. 92-103 (2017) using planetocentric Mean Earth/Polar
Axis Lunar Reference System - DE421 ephemeris.
The SIVB is the Saturn upper stage which was targeted towards the Moon after separation from Apollo.
The Apollo 11 SIVB was injected into heliocentric orbit, the Apollo 12 SIVB into Earth orbit.
The Apollo 11 and 16 LM's were jettisoned into (temporary) lunar orbits.
The Apollo 13 LM re-entered Earth's atmosphere on 17 April 1970.
*A malfunction resulted in premature loss of tracking data for the Apollo 16 SIVB.
Time and impact energy are estimates based on interpretation of seismic data.
Uncertainty in the Apollo 16 impact time is about 4 seconds.
(The impact location estimated based on tracking prior to signal loss was 2.24 N, 24.49 W)
Most other data from Toksoz et al., 1974
Author/Curator:
Dr. David R. Williams, dave.williams@nasa.gov
NSSDCA, Mail Code 690.1
NASA Goddard Space Flight Center
Greenbelt, MD 20771
+1-301-286-1258
NASA Official: Dr. David R. Williams, david.r.williams@nasa.gov
Last Updated: 06 March 2017, DRW
As Donald Trump and Chinese president Xi Jinping dined on Dover sole and New York strip steak earlier this month, thousands of miles away in China a government office quietly approved trademarks that could benefit the US president's family.
On the day the president's daughter Ivanka Trump met the Chinese leader, China granted preliminary approval for three new trademarks for her namesake brand, covering jewellery, bags and spa service, according to official documents.
Her company, Ivanka Trump Marks LLC, has been granted four additional trademarks since her father's inauguration and has 32 pending, according to the Associated Press, which first reported the new approvals.
Donald Trump's White House has created a minefield of ethics concerns, according to critics, and the president and his top officials represent one of the wealthiest cabinets in history, with business empires spanning the globe. Ivanka Trump was appointed assistant to the president last month, after previously saying she would not join her father's administration.
Ivanka Trump no longer manages her clothing, jewellery and accessories brand, but still owns the business and is frequently seen wearing clothes from her own collection. She has put her business in a trust, run by family members.
“Ivanka has so many China ties and conflicts, yet she and Jared appear deeply involved in China contacts and policy. I would never have allowed it,” Norman Eisen, a former chief White House ethics lawyer under president Barack Obama, told the AP. “For their own sake, and the country's, Ivanka and Jared should consider stepping away from China matters.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ivanka Trump was present when Donald Trump met Xi Jinping and his wife, Peng Liyuan, in Florida this month. Photograph: Xinhua / Barcroft Images
US law prohibits government officials from handling government matters that could enrich their business or their spouse's. Ivanka Trump's products are made almost entirely in China, and US policy on trade or China's currency could benefit her financially.
Jamie Gorelick, Ivanka Trump's lawyer, said in a statement: “The federal ethics rules do not require you to recuse from any matter concerning a foreign country just because a business that you have an ownership interest in has a trademark application pending there.
“Ivanka will recuse from particular matters where she has a conflict of interest or where the White House counsel determines her participation would present appearance or impartiality concerns.”
Gorelick did not respond to questions about the trademarks creating the appearance of a conflict of interest.
Ivanka Trump has been on a charm offensive with China over the past few months, often with her Mandarin-learning daughter in tow. Her five-year-old daughter Arabella sang a traditional song for Xi during his US visit, and the performance was later praised in Chinese state media. The two also attended a Lunar New Year celebration at the Chinese embassy in Washington.
But not all US business are benefitting from the new administration. In a recent report, American businesses in China said they face one of the toughest climates in decades, largely due to increasing animosity towards foreign firms and slowing economic growth.
Barriers to investment remain high, the American Chamber of Commerce in China said, despite China's attempts to project an image of globalisation and openness. About 81% of the chamber's members said they felt unwelcome in 2016, an increase from 77% in 2015.
But Trump family brands increasingly appear to be welcomed with open arms in the world's second largest economy.
Shortly after his election in November and after a decade of fighting in court, Donald Trump was granted trademark protection for his name in the construction industry. In February, the Trump name was granted an additional 38 trademarks for a range of uses including hotels, insurance and bodyguard services.
Those approvals have raised concerns with ethics experts, and Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, a nonprofit focusing on public officials, has launched a lawsuit saying the trademarks were part of a wider list of actions that showed Trump had violated the constitution.
Share This Article:
SDSU assistant coach Justin Hutson was seen on the campus of USD Wednesday, according to U-T San Diego, and is believed to be a candidate to replace Bill Grier as the head coach of the Toreros.
Support Times of San Diego's growth
with a small monthly contribution Become a supporter
Hutson has been somewhat of a hot commodity this offseason as he was a finalist for the Nevada head coaching job, and is believed to be a candidate for several other West Coast Conference openings.
He has spent seven seasons as an assistant with the Aztecs, over two stints, and has served as the “defensive coordinator” for one of the nation's top defenses.
He has also played an instrumental role in SDSU's recruiting, including helping get current San Antonio Spurs forward Kawhi Leonard to come to SDSU.
Grier was fired by USD on March 16 after he compiled a 117-144 record as head coach.
Other possible candidates for the head coaching position include Columbia head coach and former USD assistant Kyle Smith and current Cal State San Marcos head coach Jim Saia.
The school is expected to hold interviews next week at the Final Four in Indianapolis.
SDSU Assistant Coach Possible Candidate for Top USD Job was last modified: by
>> Subscribe to Times of San Diego's free daily email newsletter! Click here
Follow Us:
Sen. Jeff Flake (R-AZ) has revealed that he's been promised an amnesty for nearly 800,000 illegal aliens by the Senate Republican leadership so long as he votes in favor of a year-end tax reform bill.
In a statement, Flake — a longtime advocate for mass immigration and amnesty — said he was originally going to vote against the tax reform plan, but was promised by GOP leadership that if he voted in favor of the bill, he would be backed later on by leadership with a plan to give amnesty to hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens who have been shielded from deportation by the President Obama-created Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program.
The Washington Post noted:
Almost simultaneously, Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), a prominent holdout, announced his support for the legislation. He said he had secured leadership backing for two priorities: one related to how businesses can deduct major investments like equipment purchases; and the second involving a solution for immigrants brought wihtout authorization to the United States as children. “Having secured both of those objectives, I am pleased to announce I will vote in support of the tax reform bill,” Flake said in a statement.
In another statement, Flake not only said that he got a commitment by the GOP leadership to support a DACA amnesty, but also that the “solution” would be “growth-oriented” which loosely refers to more legal immigration and more imported foreign workers for big business.
From the outset of the current debate on tax reform, my goal has been to ensure that Congress passes a tax reform package that is both fiscally-responsible and promotes economic growth. During the debate over the current bill, I've focused on two specific objectives. The first was to eliminate the $85 billion expensing budget gimmick in the bill. The second was to obtain a firm commitment from the Senate Leadership and the administration to work with me on a growth-oriented legislative solution to enact fair and permanent protections for DACA recipients. [Emphasis added]
Flake's statement would mean the passage of the tax legislation is actually serving as an assurance to the Republican establishment, Democrats, the open borders lobby and corporate interests that an amnesty for DACA illegal aliens will happen, no matter the amount of opposition to it by President Trump's base and the American people.
Earlier in the week, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and corporate interests gathered in Washington, D.C. with illegal aliens to lobby lawmakers to support an amnesty for DACA recipients.
The open borders efforts, though, have not pushed the White House to move from the Trump administration's stance that any deal on DACA would have to include the President's pro-American immigration principles in order for it to be considered.
Donald Trump said the idea of shutting down mosques should be considered, like some European countries have suggested in the wake of the Paris terrorist attacks.
Appearing on MSNBC's “Morning Joe” on Monday, Trump said, “I would hate” to shut down a mosque “but it's something that you're going to have to strongly consider because some of the ideas and some the hatred, the absolute hatred is coming from these areas.”
“And you know, New York City as an example, we had a group of people from what I understand that really knew what they were doing, that were really studying the situation and they're not doing that any more under the new mayor, they're not doing that anymore,” Trump said. “And I think that's a mistake.”
Later Trump back-peddled his approval of shutting down mosques, saying, “So it's something that many people, not me, it's something that many people are considering, and many people are going to do.”
Panelist Chris Jansing, NBC News Senior White House Correspondent asked Trump, “But are you concerned at all about the backlash that can create? And the hatred that can breed,” if mosques are shut down.
Trump responded, “There is already hatred. The hatred is incredible. It's embedded, it's embedded. The hatred is beyond belief. The hatred greater than anybody understands and it's already there. It is not like, what, do you think they think we're great people? It's already there. It's a very, very sad situation. And I know so many people, Muslims who are such unbelievably great people and they're being so badly tarnished by what's happening now. It's a shame.”
Host Joe Scarborough then asked Trump, “You would agree, Donald, that this is just a small percentage of these radical Muslims are a small percentage of the entire Muslim population?”
Trump replied, “Yes, but it's a tremendous amount of horror and damage and vitriol. I mean you look at what's happening. This is not, this is something that has to be stopped and we have to be very strong, we have to be vigilant and we have to be intelligence. We need to bring back our intelligence agencies and bring them to a much higher level. They're using the internet better than we are.”
Follow Steve on Twitter
I met up with my old friend and team-mate, Iain Percy, in a small bar in San Francisco and we had a few quiet beers together.
Iain, who now runs the Artemis team, was a huge support after I got my call-up to Oracle's afterguard a couple of weeks ago and for me it was a big deal that he hung around to share that moment with me.
My parents were unable to come out, unfortunately, as mum is a bit unwell, so it was really special to have one of my oldest and best friends there with me.
We just chatted for a while, about sailing, about the good old days and, of course, about Bart (Andrew Simpson, the 2008 Olympic champion, who died in an America's Cup training accident in May). We talk about Bart whenever we meet up. Iain and I both agreed that he would have loved Wednesday's finale; the racing, the drama, the camaraderie.
Bart was on my mind a lot through the final series. I thought of him when I was asked to come in as tactician for Oracle two weeks ago. I thought of him every day as we sailed on the same patch of water where he lost his life in May. And I thought of him after we crossed the finish line on Wednesday.
I am not one of those guys who believe in destiny, particularly, but I did feel that Bart would have been proud. I wanted to dedicate that moment to him, to what he had been through, to the sacrifices he made.
Now it is time to look ahead to my next challenge – the ultimate challenge – to bring the cup back to British waters for the first time in something like 165 years.
In one sense, Oracle winning the 34th America's Cup made that goal harder for me, since they are such a well-resourced, powerful team. The flip side is that, had the cup returned to Auckland, it might have been harder to attract sponsorship for a campaign. It is going to be a very tall order whichever way you look at it. We will need a lot of things to fall into place. But I am hopeful.
Oracle owner Larry Ellison, who gets to decide on the venue and class rules for the 35th America's Cup, has acknowledged the need to reduce costs in order to attract more entrants. His goal is to take the best parts of the 34th America's Cup – the exciting racing, the innovation, the television coverage, the America's Cup World Series – and find the right balance with regard to affordability.
It is difficult to know exactly when Larry will announce his plans. I know he already has a Challenger of Record. I expect things will be drip-fed over the coming days, weeks and months. Until we know what those plans are, however, it is difficult to move forward with any certainty.
The next four or five weeks are crucial in an America's Cup cycle as the best designers, builders, engineers and sailors get snapped up, but it is difficult to make definitive plans when you don't know exactly what you are signing up to. It is a classic chicken and egg situation.
One thing I do know is that it would be an amazing thing to have a British entry with a solid British core. That was always the intention when we set up Ben Ainslie Racing last year. The idea was for me to gain experience in the 34th America's Cup which could then be used to drive forward the development of BAR for a future challenge.
The ingredients are all there. We certainly have the sailing talent in this country. A lot of people ask whether Iain and I could join forces again after our Team Origin Experience with Sir Keith Mills. Honestly, we did not talk about that on Wednesday night but I think Iain's immediate future lies with Artemis, which is such a brilliant opportunity for him. Who knows? Maybe I will sail for him if it doesn't work out with my team. You can never say never in sailing.
The ultimate goal, though, remains to develop my own team. And I have been really encouraged by some of the meetings I have had, and approaches that have been made, over the past few weeks and months.
Some really influential people in the UK have been in touch.
It is difficult to raise that much money, though – hundreds of millions of dollars in this last campaign, although that will hopefully be reduced significantly next time around – so it is crucial that we capitalise on the heightened interest in sailing engendered by the last fortnight.
What an incredible journey it has been. Winning the America's Cup has been a goal of mine since I was a boy. I am a bit of an anorak about these things so to finally get my hands on the Auld Mug, more than 100 years after the last Briton, Charlie Barr, managed to do so, felt amazing.
A lot of people have asked me where this ranks alongside my Olympic experiences. It has to be right up there. No one gave us a prayer at 8-1 down. It truly was one of the great sporting comebacks and felt like an absolutely huge moment in my career. In terms of satisfaction, too, there is no question it is more rewarding winning as part of a team, especially this team. Oracle have copped a lot of flak over the last year or two, much of it undeserved, but we stuck together.
I have been slightly embarrassed by the way some people back home have rushed to credit me for the comeback, as though Oracle were somehow my team. Jimmy Spithill skippered the crew and I was proud to sail under him and hugely impressed by the way he handled himself throughout the regatta, as I was by the rest of the race team and the shore team.
I was brought in to replace John Kostecki, not because JK had done anything wrong, but because it was felt that a fresh approach might help to change things around. I felt that my role, apart from providing advice and information to Jimmy, was to help raise the expectations of the team, to get them believing that we could do it.
Thankfully we got on a roll.
Whatever happens next, I learnt so much from this experience; as a helmsman, steering Oracle's B boat; as a tactician, a role I had never performed before but which has given me invaluable insight; and as a regular team member, watching what goes on behind the scenes of an enormous America's Cup operation.
I hope that in the coming years that experience will bear fruit. Watch this space.
Image copyright National Gallery of Victoria/Aust Synchrotron Image caption Degas' Portrait of a Woman (left) covered another painting (right)
A hidden portrait by the French Impressionist painter Edgar Degas has been revealed by scientists.
Researchers in Australia used powerful X-rays to bring to light the painting of a young woman concealed beneath a work called Portrait of a Woman.
The researchers believe the subject is Emma Dobigny, who appeared in other Degas paintings.
The findings are described in the journal Scientific Reports.
Dr Daryl Howard, a co-author of the study, told BBC News: "I think what is really exciting is that we have now been able to add one more Degas artwork for the world to see."
Image copyright National Gallery of Victoria Image caption The underlying image, which is upside down, appears as a stain on the woman's right cheek
It had long been known that Degas' portrait of a woman wearing a black bonnet and dress, which he painted in the late 1870s, covered an earlier painting.
A ghostly impression of the composition appears as a dark stain on the sitter's face, and over the years has become more prominent as the oil paint thinned.
Conventional X-rays revealed the outline of another image was lurking beneath, but without scraping away the outer painting, the researchers required a much more powerful technique to show any detail.
Image copyright National Gallery of Victoria Image caption Conventional X-rays confirmed there was an underlying painting but revealed little detail
For that, they used the Australian Synchrotron, a huge accelerator that generates more powerful X-rays, to peer beneath the top layers of paint.
They were able to detect the metallic elements in the pigments that Degas had used in his underlying artwork.
Dr Howard, from the Australian Synchrotron, said: "Each element has its own unique signature, and so that gets collected.
"And what we do is analyse that data and build up these 'elemental maps'. And that allows us to image all the different pigments used in the painting."
Through this they were able to see in colour and in remarkable detail Degas' hidden work: a portrait of a woman with auburn hair.
Unfinished, it shows how the artist made several attempts to rework her features.
Image copyright Australian synchrotron/NGV Image caption The powerful X-rays of the Australian Synchrotron probed beneath the top layers of paint to reveal this
But the scientists said it was clear enough to try to work out who the subject was.
It is possible that the painting remained in his studio for several years before he decided to paint over it Dr Daryl Howard, National Gallery of Victoria
Dr Howard explained: "Once the image had come through, basically what I did was to look up Degas's catalogue of works. And I would say in under five minutes, it seemed that we had a good match.
"We suggested that the hidden portrait is of a model he has painted several times before - Emma Dobigny. I think the likeness is quite amazing."
Of particular note are her ears, which are pointed and pixie-like - reminiscent of early Degas paintings.
The researchers believe the portrait was left for several years before it was painted over.
"Previous academic works about Degas suggest it was around 1869 when he was painting Emma Dobigny," Dr Howard said.
"The current portrait is thought to have been painted about seven to 10 years later, so there is a big gap. It is possible that the painting remained in his studio for several years before he decided to paint over it."
Michael Varcoe-Cocks, head of conservation at National Gallery Victoria where the artwork is currently on display, commented: "It's always an exciting moment to behold something produced by the hand of an artist that was otherwise previously unseen.
"The situation is slightly different here as the image has always been partially visible in the second painting, so the process was more like revealing the other side of a half-drawn curtain."
Mr Varcoe-Cocks said the artist's choice to abandon a portrait and recycle the canvas was a common practice.
"What is unusual is that instead of painting out the earlier form, he partially included its features in the second composition and this tells us something about his inquisitive and non-conventional approach to art."
Image copyright Australian synchrotron/NGV Image caption Using the synchrotron is not damaging and the process may help to examine other paintings
However the art expert said it was too early to establish the identity of the underlying portrait, and that curators at National Gallery Victoria were carrying out further research to date the hidden image and confirm the sitter.
We respect Degas' choices, and honour his final composition for a unique work in its own right Michael Varcoe-Cocks , National Gallery Victoria
He added that there was no question that the underlying image would remain hidden.
"We respect Degas' choices, and honour his final composition for a unique work in its own right," said Dr Varcoe-Cocks.
"It is unquestionably the work the artist was happy with, as it is the completed and signed painting."
The researchers say this X-ray technique, which is non-destructive, is a crucial tool for examining artworks.
"In the past, if a conservator wanted to know more about a painting they would have to take a chip off of it and analyse that small chip… and of course, that is another little bit of the painting gone," said Dr Howard.
"With our technique, we can scan the whole painting and give it back to the gallery in the same condition that they gave it to us."
Follow Rebecca on Twitter: @BBCMorelle
Portrait of a Woman (Portrait de Femme) by Edgar Degas ( 1834-1917), courtesy of National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne. Painted 1876-80, oil on canvas, 46.3 × 38.2 cm, Felton Bequest, 1937.
Next up on ScientifInk! is the ink of Bradford Condon, a graduate student in the lab of Gillian Turgeon, professor of plant pathology and plant-microbe biology.
(Photo courtesy of Kent Loeffler)
Bradford's research involves studying the fungal pathogen of corn, Cochliobolus heterostrophus, the genome of which was sequenced by the Turgeon Lab in collaboration with the Department of Energy's Joint Genome Institute. This particular fungus is responsible for the disease known as Southern corn leaf blight. To reproduce, it develops eight DNA-bearing sexual spores, called ascospores, which are spiraled tightly in what is known as an ascus, a kind of cellular sac from which they are released in propagation. Bradford supplied us with this cool image from his research to illustrate what they look like:
As Bradford explained, achieving a goal on the road to his Ph.D. inspired his tattoo of an ascus.
“A large part of my thesis research utilizes classical genetics, where I collect and separate these beautiful spores. After passing my A exam, I had this tattoo done to celebrate the milestone.”
(Photo courtesy of Kent Loeffler)
As cool as this tattoo may be, it's not done yet. Bradford plans to add illustrations of the individual ascospores to the piece after submitting his thesis. We can't wait to see that!
The Biało-Czerwoni of the New Age- “Polish Representation in Esports (Ft. an Interview with H2K Support VandeR)”
Joe Tortorice Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 26, 2016
Image from Esports Today podcast 9/15/2015
While Poland may not be the first country that comes to mind when thinking of sport powerhouses, the Polish have a strong history when it comes to traditional sports. Poland has been very successful in football, volleyball, and various other sports in the past. The strength in traditional sports has carried over to the new age of esports. Though not the biggest country to compete, Poland has produced some of the best teams and players that esports has seen in its relatively short history.
Poland has had competitors in the major esports titles; Counter Strike, League of Legends, Dota 2, Starcraft 2, and Hearthstone. Counter Strike and League of Legends are the most popular games for Polish esport athletes. In Hearthstone the most notable players are Jakub “Lothar” Szygulski and Marcin “Gnimish” Filipowicz, both of which have had some success in the game; Gnimish as a caster/player and Lothar as a player competing on one of the most notable Hearthstone teams, G2. In Dota 2, the team Alternate Attax features a full Polish roster and has had some success in premier tournaments though they are not one of the top ten teams. In Starcraft 2 the most accomplished players are Grzegorz “MaNa” Komincz and Artur “Nerchio” Bloch. MaNa won Dreamhack Summer in 2012 and the Electronic Sports World Cup in 2012. Nerchio has won HomeStory Cup in 2012, Dreamhack Bucharest in 2012, and Dreamhack Valencia this most recent year.
When it comes to Poland and esports, there is one team that comes to many peoples minds. The players, in that team, have stuck together for a very long time and continue to win large-scale offline events, even as some players are approaching thirty years of age. Virtus.pro is a team that features five Polish players that are the most famous players in Polish esports history.
Image from Liquidpedia.net
Wiktor “TaZ” Wojtas, Paweł “byali” Bieliński, Jarosław “pasha” Jarzabkowski, Janusz “Snax” Pogorezelski, and Filip “NEO” Kubski have played together for many years, almost as long as Counter Strike: Global Offensive has been played competitively. TaZ and Neo began their competitive careers together playing Counter Strike 1.6 in 2004 playing for Pentagram G-Shock. The two players played alongside other Polish players; Jakub “kuben” Gurczyński, Łukasz “LUq” Wnek, and Mariusz “Loord” Cybulski. The Polish line-up had great success in CS 1.6 and won many offline events, staying together as a team for most of the games competitive history.
When CS 1.6 began dropping off as a competitive esport, the original Polish roster broke up. Valve was releasing the new version of Counter Strike titled Counter Strike:Global Offensive. CS:GO took over for CS 1.6 as the CS competitive esports title. As CS:GO replaced CS 1.6; Snax, Byali, and, Pasha joined TaZ and NEO on ESC Gaming.
Kuben would go on to become the coach of Virtus.pro, LUq and Loord retired from the scene. Loord eventually returned to CS:GO and became the coach for a new Polish team, Team Kinguin.
The new Polish line-up joined Virtus.pro in 2014 and cemented themselves as legends in CS:GO. Along with the V.P squad, there have been other famous Polish teams. Currently Team Kinguin is the second largest Polish CS:GO team. The team features Michał “MICHU” Müller, Grzegorz “SZPERO” Dziamełek, Mikołaj “mouz” Karolewski, Karol “rallen” Rodowicz, and Damian “Furlan” Kisłowski with Loord as their coach.
While the Polish history in Counter Strike is expansive and filled with success, Polish history in League of Legends is not as rich. Just as in Counter Strike, the early League of Legends Polish teams were comprised solely of Polish players. The most recognizable of these teams was Kiedyś Miałem Team (KMT). KMT was first founded in 2012 before Season 3 started. Mateusz “Kiks” Szkudlarek was the most famous of the players in the original team. The team went through multiple iterations as the roster would often perform well and be acquired by another organization.
The most successful team the organization fielded included Marcin “Xaxus” Majkut, Marcin “Jankos” Jankowski, Remigiusz “Overpow” Pusch, Paweł “Celaver” Koprianiuk, and Oskar “VandeR” Bogdan. This team would go on to qualify for the European LCS in the Spring Split of Season 4, beating prominent esports organization Ninjas in Pyjamas in the promotion tournament. This roster would be acquired by ROCCAT and move on to compete in the EU LCS. The team has competed in every split of the EU LCS since they qualified but have gone through many changes and currently do not feature any Polish players.
The Polish roster's best result was a third place finish in the playoffs of the Season 4 Spring Split. Besides the third place finish, ROCCAT would finish fourth in the next split and in the only competition they played outside of the LCS, the team finished 3–4th at IEM Cologne in 2014.
The team went through changes as multiple members would leave and new ones would be picked up. Celaver and Xaxus were the first to go, with Polish player Paweł “Woolite” Pruski replacing Celevar. After that; Overpow, Woolite, Jankos, and Vander would leave by the end of 2015. VandeR and Jankos joined H2K Gaming together and were the only two members to join top tier teams. No other players from that roster have competed in the LCS since.
Currently the only Polish players competing in the LCS are Kikis (top laner for Fnatic), Marcin “Selfie” Wolski (mid laner for Misfits), Jankos (jungler for H2K), and VandeR (support for H2K). While these are the only Polish players currently, Polish players have achieved some success in the past.
The biggest success for a Polish player was back in Season 1. Fnatic were the winners of the World Championship in Season 1. Although competitive League of Legends was not as popular back in Season 1, winning the World Championship was still a great accomplishment for any player. In the Fnatic team that won the championship, their mid laner was Maciej “Shushei” Ratuszniak, a Polish player. After Shushei's World Championship, the next highest placing Polish players would be Jankos and VandeR.
Currently Jankos and VandeR are participating in the 2016 World Championship. They recently beat Albus Nox Luna to advance to the semifinal stage where they will play Korean team Samsung Galaxy. I had the opportunity to speak with VandeR about Polish representation in esports and how he feels as a Polish player.
Image from VandeR's twitter
VandeR said that both him and Jankos are honored to be playing on the international stage as Polish players and hope to not disappoint their fans. He paid respect to Shushei who was the first to accomplish this task and actually win the World Championship. The quarterfinal stage of the 2016 World Championship took place in Chicago, which has a very large Polish population and proud Polish history. VandeR was disappointed he could not visit the Polish areas of Chicago because he was not staying close enough to those parts of the city. He was also a bit sad that he did not see any Polish flags in the audience during his games; although the fans were rooting for the team he did not see a lot of Polish supporters in the crowd.
When asked about where he sees Poland in the future in relation to esports, he talked about the current status of Polish players. He believes there are not many top tier Polish players but Kikis, Selfie, and the CS: GO team Virtus.pro represents Poland well on the grand stage. “I think the problem is that all the Polish players choose to play in European, or let's say, American organizations because the salaries in the Polish gaming are much lower (than that of other regions).” He also believes that no big football organization will sponsor a team like we've seen in Germany and Spain as evidenced by the sport clubs FC Schalke 04 and Valencia acquiring an LCS spot and creating an esport branch of their organization.. He believes that Selfie would be the next Polish player to succeed like him and Jankos have done. But he only sees a Polish player succeeding in a European team with mixed nationalities, not a full Polish line-up.
Before Vander competed on H2K, he was a member of the Polish team Kiedyś Miałem Team and later ROCCAT. I asked him about the transition from an all-Polish team to a team of mixed nationalities. He said that in a Polish team it is harder to make changes or swap out players because the language barrier would be too high for a non-Polish player to join in. He and Jankos played on ROCCAT when they brought on new nationalities and later joined H2K to push themselves and put more pressure on their performances. It did not work out the first year for the ROCCAT team but he is now starting to see some success. He attributes some of the success, in H2K, due to the fact that he plays with Yoo “Ryu” Sang-ook. Ryu is a Korean player and the team speaks in simple english so that Ryu can understand. VandeR said that this helps both him and Jankos in communicating with the team.
VandeR thanked his fans for their support and continued dedication despite the poor results in the first week of groups. He hopes they will continue rooting for him and Jankos. If both of these Polish players can keep up their performances, they will gain more fans and potentially open the door to more Polish players in the future if they are motivated by Jankos and Vander to succeed in Poland.
Alongside some of the famous Polish teams and players, Poland does play host to one of the biggest tournaments in esports. IEM Katowice takes place every year and features competitions for each of the big esport titles. It is highly regarded but does remain the only large-scale event that takes place in Poland.
There are a couple things that are holding the Polish players back. The infrastructure in Poland is weak and does not have the same support for players as other top regions do (ex. Russia, Brazil, Japan). Also, there are not many top Polish players or teams in the scene currently to promote growth in Poland. For now, the best way to grow the esports scene in Poland is for the best Polish players to play on top teams around the world. As they succeed the scene in Poland will grow because of the money they win and the notoriety they earn.
Just like in traditional sports, Poland has a large presence in esports but is not one of the premier powerhouse countries. However, Virtus.pro has been continuing their success winning large tournaments in CS:GO and will remain a top team in the foreseeable future. Jankos and VandeR are reaching some of the highest points in League of Legends and have many years of competition ahead of them. With Overwatch becoming the next big esport, it will remain to be seen if any Polish players or teams will rise to the top. The future of Polish esports looks bright and Polish representation in esports has been growing larger over the years. It is encouraging to see the success of current players and hopefully it will inspire a new generation of Polish players to carry the torch for the country in future years and in future esports titles. As long as Virtus.pro and players like Jankos and VandeR succeed, Poland succeeds as well.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib has played with or against the lot of elite quarterbacks, but in his mind, no one compares to New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady.
Talib was asked to compare the quarterback he just matched up against — Ben Roethlisberger — to the quarterback who is next on the schedule:
Via James Palmer on Twitter:
Article continues below ...
I asked Aqib Talib who's tougher to face in the postseason, Ben or Brady. Said both are great, "But nobody is above Tom. Nobody." — James Palmer (@JamesPalmerTV) January 18, 2016
Is Brady the best to ever do it? Maybe, but one look at Brady's postseason numbers prior to 2015 from both a statistical and win-loss perspective bolster Talib's claim.
The feeling is likely mutual. Brady only targeted Talib three times — he allowed one reception for five yards – in the Broncos' Week 12 win over the Patriots.
Talib was teammates with Brady during the 2012 and 2013 seasons before he signed a six-year, $57 million contract with the Broncos in 2014.
Dream Caused by the Flight of a Bee
Around a Pomegranate a Second Before Awakening Artist Salvador Dalí Year 1944 Medium Oil on wood Dimensions 51 cm × 40.5 cm (20 in × 15.9 in) Location Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum, Madrid
Dream Caused by the Flight of a Bee Around a Pomegranate a Second Before Awakening is a surrealist painting by Salvador Dalí. A short, alternate title for the painting is Dream Caused by the Flight of a Bee. It was painted in 1944, while Dalí and his wife, Gala, were living in America.[1]
Description [ edit ]
It is an oil painting on wood. In this "hand-painted dream photograph", as Dalí generally called his paintings, there is a seascape of distant horizons and calm waters, perhaps Port Lligat, amidst which Gala is the subject of the scene. Next to the naked body of the sleeping woman, which levitates above a flat rock that floats above the sea, Dalí depicts two suspended droplets of water and a pomegranate, a Christian symbol of fertility and resurrection.[2] Above the pomegranate flies a bee, an insect that traditionally symbolizes the Virgin.[3]
In the upper left of the painting what seems to be a yelloweye rockfish bursts out of the pomegranate, and in turn spews out a tiger that then spews out another tiger and a rifle with a bayonet that is about to sting Gala in the arm. Above them is Dalí's first use of an elephant with long flamingo legs, found in his later compositions such as The Temptation of St. Anthony. The elephant carries on its back an obelisk, inspired by Bernini's Elephant and Obelisk in Rome's Piazza Santa Maria sopra Minerva.[4][5]
Themes and symbolism [ edit ]
The bayonet, as a symbol of the stinging bee, may represent the woman's abrupt awakening from her otherwise peaceful dream. This is an example of Sigmund Freud's influence on surrealist art and Dalí's attempts to explore the world of dreams in a dreamscape.[1]
The elephant is a distorted version of the Piazza della Minerva sculpture Elephant and Obelisk by Gian Lorenzo Bernini facing the church of Santa Maria sopra Minerva in Rome.[6] The smaller pomegranate floating between two droplets of water may symbolize Venus, especially because of the heart-shaped shadow it casts.[6] It may also be used as a Christian symbol of fertility and resurrection.[7] This female symbolism may contrast with the phallic symbolism of the threatening creatures.[6]
It has also been suggested that the painting is "a surrealist interpretation of the Theory of Evolution."[8]
In 1962, Dalí said this painting was intended "to express for the first time in images Freud's discovery of the typical dream with a lengthy narrative, the consequence of the instantaneousness of a chance event which causes the sleeper to wake up. Thus, as a bar might fall on the neck of a sleeping person, causing them to wake up and for a long dream to end with the guillotine blade falling on them, the noise of the bee here provokes the sensation of the sting which will awaken Gala."[7] The guillotine anecdote refers to a dream reported by Alfred Maury in Le sommeil et les rêves ("Sleep and Dreams") and related by Freud in The Interpretation of Dreams.
The Bitcoin sphere is currently going nuts over the idea that Amazon will start accepting Bitcoin next month! Sure thing! IT'S HAPPENING!
This came from a post on a blog called Squawker, which turns out to be the sort of blog that has a front-page header for “culture wars” and thinks that “cultural Marxism” is a thing. Squawker sourced this remarkable claim from an email newsletter called the James Altucher Report, which mostly advocates startup penny stocks, although it's now heavily advocating cryptos (archive), a topic Altucher has a lot of interest in.
Altucher thinks (archive) that Amazon will start accepting Bitcoin because eBay has “expressed interest” in accepting Bitcoin, although I can find no evidence of this, and because Patrick Byrne of Overstock says eBay's gotta accept Bitcoin because Overstock does (0.15% of sales) — despite Overstock having lost money consistently over the past several years on cryptos, which they're only into at all because Byrne is a Bitcoin fan. That's the whole basis of the rumour.
I will be frankly amazed if Amazon start accepting bitcoins as of (per Altucher) their next earnings call on 26 October, and if this occurs I will proclaim Altucher a genius.
Update, 1 November: Altucher is pretty smart, but he missed his trick on this one. No cryptocurrency announcement from Amazon.
The invention and commercialization of the internet is one of the things that makes America great. And what makes the internet great is the easy, unrestricted, and free availability of all kinds of information, regardless of the content provider, a regime known as network neutrality. Having supported the fast growth of internet-based companies that currently serve as the backbone of today's US economy, net neutrality is pro-business, pro-growth, and pro-freedom.
WIRED OPINION About Nicholas Economides (@N_Economides) is an economics professor at New York University Stern School of Business and executive director of the NET Institute.
But President-elect Donald Trump's appointment of Jeff Eisenach and Mark Jamison to the Federal Communications Commission's transition team sends a clear message: Net neutrality is in grave danger. Eisenach consulted for Verizon, and Jamison worked for Sprint. These companies, together with AT&T and cable TV providers, are fierce enemies of network neutrality, since the system limits their ability to exercise market power and exploit content providers and consumers. Without net neutrality rules, prioritization of internet traffic by telecom and cable companies would skew the competition for content, as well as tilt the scales in the dissemination of all political and social views in favor of websites and companies that are able to pay internet access providers.
While abolishing network neutrality might initially increase profits for telecom and cable companies, long-term, it would harm both internet-focused companies and consumers. Telecom and cable companies claim that consumers will pay less if they abandon network neutrality, but economic models dispute that. Cable and telecom companies want to kill network neutrality to increase their profits, not decrease prices for consumers. Without net neutrality, consumers would be forced to access a distorted internet, where information is prioritized according to the financial interests of telecom and cable companies.
Following a liberalization of regulations by the FCC, in 2005 AT&T and other telecom and cable companies proposed to impose tolls on information flows and to prioritize the flow of information based on whether a website paid the toll. So, for example, if the Wall Street Journal paid AT&T but the New York Times did not, the Journal information would reach web users faster, creating an uneven playing field in news. Similarly, if Yahoo paid AT&T but Google did not, Yahoo's search results would show up first, tilting the field of competition among search providers.
By employing a system of prioritization, telecom and cable companies would define the terms of competition in internet search, in news, and in the myriad of markets that we reach through the internet. What's more, telecom and cable companies sell video and telecom services through their traditional networks that are in direct competition with such services delivered through the internet. Imposing prioritization could easily tilt competition in favor of cable and telecom companies, to the detriment of many millions of consumers.
Fortunately for American business and consumers, in 2015, after a long regulatory battle, the FCC passed rules that codified network neutrality. The rules require that telecom and cable companies treat all information flows equally and do not collect fees to prioritize any application or content. But after Trump's election, net neutrality's opponents, traditional entrenched telecom and cable monopoly interests with strong lobbying arms, are once again lobbying to abolish network neutrality.
Network neutrality is crucial for growth of both new and established companies; virtually all sales, from the largest company to the smallest new business, now rely on the internet. Eliminating unfettered access to internet content and services would hamper these businesses' ability to grow and would negatively impact economic growth nationwide. President-elect Trump needs to look more carefully at the importance of network neutrality.
This is not a run-of-the-mill regulation tying the hands of business, as the anti-net neutrality lobbyists say. On the contrary, net neutrality is pro-business in the best and fullest sense of the term, guaranteeing that new companies can grow unimpeded and help accelerate the US economy. Net neutrality preserves undistorted consumers' freedom of choice. And at the same time, net neutrality facilitates a level playing field for political and social interaction on the internet, enhancing freedom.
These benefits far outweigh the profit increases that the entrenched telecom and cable monopolists may reap if network neutrality is abolished. Preserving network neutrality will help "make America great again."
Between my first kiss and my first A level there came Trotsky. I am sure I would have met him sooner or later, plastered against the wall in a student union bar or on a street corner hiding behind a petition. But he came to me on a sunny day in Hyde Park. It was 1984; the year of the miners' strike, the IRA bombing of the Grand Hotel in Brighton, and Ronald Reagan's victory in the US presidential elections. I was 15 - a self-important teenage vegetarian who felt that all was not quite right with the world.
I had spent most of the day wondering around London with a Socialist Workers Party banner for company, protesting against the visit of the South African president, PW Botha. I had been avoiding the eyes of paper sellers and policemen, when a young man with acne caught me unawares and offered me a copy of Young Socialist. I bought it, read it in less than five minutes - all the articles were basically the same "Thatcher is horrible, miners are great, socialism is even better" - and thought little more about it.
A few weeks later I pulled the paper from the bottom of my bag, wrote to the editor and asked if I could join the revolution with much the same degree of forethought as others in my peer group applied to join fan clubs. I was bored. It was something to do. And there would probably be girls there too, so, who knows, I might even come by a second kiss.
Given the range of anti-social behaviour available to a hormonally besieged adolescent, there were worse things I could have turned my attentions to than the overthrow of capitalism. I would be lying if I said that I was aware of precisely what I was getting into. I knew I was joining some kind of socialist outfit. I suspected it was the younger section of the Labour Party - as it happened it was the youth wing of the Workers Revolutionary Party. This was not a problem for me. After all, if you're going to go into politics at that age you might as well get some cred and join something nobody's ever heard of.
When I discovered they were Trotskyists this did not bother me much either. I didn't really know what Trotskyism was. I scarcely knew who Trotsky was. The leader of the Red Army who had been ousted and later executed in exile by Stalin had, it turned out, left a legacy for those who supported socialism but could not stomach the Soviet Union. I knew him better as Snowball from George Orwell's Animal Farm.
In my naivety I presumed that, since socialism was underpinned by the notion of solidarity, those who believed in it would club together - especially given that they were relatively small in number. I didn't know at the time that there were at least 57 varieties of hard-left party, some with less than 57 members in total. How could I know that there was a significant difference between the Revolutionary Communist League of Britain (RCLB - Maoist) and the Revolutionary Communist Party of Great Britain Marxist-Leninist (RCPGBM-L - pro-Albanian)? In short, I didn't know very much. But then I didn't have to.
The WRP credo was fairly straightforward. Britain in 1984, they believed, was more or less at the same stage as Russia in 1916 - a nation on the brink of revolution. All that was needed to push it over the edge was a general strike. If we could get everyone out together, we could bring the nation to a standstill, form some soviets, replace the police with a workers militia and then Bingo! - capitalism would be dead before you could say Fourth International.
The simplicity of the thesis was a great source of comfort. The party was providing such a comprehensive and unwavering world view that I felt I would never have to work out anything again. It provided a reason for everything that was bad - from the famine in Ethiopia to racist policing - about capitalism. For every problem there was only one solution - revolution. Every issue could be shoehorned into this single transferable analysis, it seemed.
Concerns with details of policy, from taxation to nuclear disarmament, were little more than micromanaging. This sense of self-confidence, bolstered by a similar lack of self-knowledge, lent a distinctly cult-like air to the entire enterprise which, as is the way with cults, I only really became aware of when I'd left. Moreover, the party's uncompromising and often unreasonable stance on most issues dovetailed neatly with the petulant, know-all stage I was going through. If adults ever hit me with the phrase: "You think you've got the answers to everything don't you?" I would think, but never say: "I do actually. Seizing state power from the bourgeoisie and placing it in the hands of the working class as the first step towards a more just world."
I actually pitied those who missed the big picture. I lamented the wasted lives of all the adults who tried to work out their views on individual issues on a case-to-case basis. They were playing dot-to-dot; I had the huge, broad brush. And I was clearly not alone in this. My guess is that there were about 2,000 members, including high-profile actors such as Vanessa Redgrave and Frances de la Tour.
The two main leaders were a Sri Lankan called Mike Banda and a Londoner, Gerry Healy. Their arrival at the microphone during meetings was always met with reverent hush that went beyond the demands of average party discipline. I remember little about Banda's speaking style, but Healy's was unmistakeable. He would shout and scream into the microphone, ranting fluent gibberish. And as he prodded the air with his little finger, his face would get redder and redder until his entire bald head was a small, round pate of scarlet.
Commitment to the party was total. If Britain was about to explode into revolution then it followed that a revolutionary party had to be ready and waiting in the wings. And if the party was to be ready then its members had to be at battle stations at all times, with no excuses and definitely no time off for good behaviour. It meant that everything - births, deaths, marriages, exams, you name it - had to take second place to the preparations under way for the glorious and imminent day when we would not so much inherit the earth as nationalise it, collectivise it and then forbid anyone from inheriting anything ever again.
"The needs of the individual must be subordinated to the needs of the party," chimed the mantra. And it was observed religiously. I spent about three nights a week and at least half the weekend selling papers, attending meetings and organising events.
No birthday, no party, no football match could compete with the demands of the revolution; you simply did not blow out workers' power for a disco or a date. I had a purpose in my life that felt both beyond and above school and parents. Raised under the strictures of the Caribbean matriarchy, I felt little need for more discipline in my life but I welcomed my first dalliance with a tradition possessing its own flag (red) and its own anthem (The Internationale). And it was exciting too.
Unusually for the hard left, its youth base was greater among the working class than among students. While there was a general tone of seriousness that affected everyone in the party, life in the Young Socialists - most, on average, only a few years older than me - was a rowdy kind of fun. Not only did it provide an instant group of friends but also a limitless amount of things to do with them. We went to the picket lines in Nottingham, to conference in Blackpool and countless demonstrations in London, all of which meant coach trips and the underage beer-drinking and snogging that went with them.
The older members, however, were apparently a different story. The demands of party work undoubtedly played havoc with their personal lives. A mixture of teachers, council workers and actors, they were, for the most part, a humourless bunch of drones who wore a harried and haggard look which suggested that Armaggedon, not revolution, was just around the corner. They were socially disabled - incapable of talking about anything else but the party because they had long since shut everything else out of their lives.
The fact that nobody else wanted a general strike not only confirmed our cult status, it gave us a messianic edge. Our detractors were either capitalist lackeys - like the TUC - or just plain chicken, like the Communist party, which did actually want a general strike, but only for 24 hours. Thanks to our superior analysis, we were in the possession of a valuable and exclusive truth - the world, as we knew it, was about to end.
However implausible this may seem now, it did not strike me as a completely unreasonable proposition then. Where class conflict is concerned, 1984 was a spectacular year. With bloody pitched battles between the police and pickets at Orgreave, courts sequestrating union assets, bailiffs removing Greenham Common protesters and showdowns brewing between leftwing councils and the government over rate-capping, the idea that parliamentary democracy was in crisis and preferred foul means rather than fair to crush dissent did not seem a fanciful one.
Nor did it seem odd to suggest that, if the miners were going to win, they were going to need the help of other unions. But then I was at infants' school when the miners brought down a Conservative government and had not yet been born when students brought central London to a standstill over Vietnam. I had no idea that I was witnessing a violent but regular episode of the never-ending bump and grind between labour and capital. I would soon learn that, while 1984 may have been spectacular, it was by no means exceptional.
It was nothing like Russia in 1916. For the following year saw not revolutionary upheaval but the biggest defeat the British working class had suffered in over half a century. And by the time the miners went back to work, my revolutionary career was already winding to a close. I can trace the beginning of its demise to a meeting in the party headquarters in Clapham. A red-faced Healy was raging on at the top of his voice and I was watching the clock. I had told my mum I would be back by 6pm. It was already five, I was an hour and a half from home and Healy had only just started.
He finally wound up an hour later and, as I made for the door, a burly man stopped me and told me they weren't letting anyone out during the interval. I explained the situation, but he wouldn't budge. I asked if I could just go out and call home and tell my mum where I was. "The phones around here are bugged, comrade," he said sternly.
"I don't give a shit if they find out that I'm going to be late home," I said. But the doorman was not for moving. I got back at 10pm in tears and in trouble. A few weeks later I went on a weekend school trip to Howarth as part of my A-level English syllabus on Wuthering Heights. When I returned, my mother, who had just about had it with the revolution by this time, told me that the party had been ringing constantly. I called the WRP organiser and received a vicious tongue-lashing.
"You can't just piss off to Yorkshire without telling anyone," he screamed. "Don't you know that the state are picking people up left, right and centre at a time of crisis like this?" "Like who?" I asked. "Never mind who," he shouted, and then delivered a stern lecture on party discipline. By this stage I had had enough. The miners were trickling back to work, the revolution was clearly not around the corner and I was sick of grown-ups playing soldiers. The security blanket of intellectual certainty I had felt when I had joined no longer comforted me. Any suggestion that there was more to politics than class struggle - like race and gender - was met with fierce rebuke.
I was 16 and had already outgrown the revolution. When I did turn up I started to feel harassed. When I refused to go paper-selling one weekend I was accused of being an MI5 agent; when I expressed a casual interest in Fidel Castro I was told that I only liked him because he was black. I started making excuses for not going to meetings and concentrated more on my school work instead. I had been taking an evening course in French and had entered myself for A-levels. I told the WRP that I would need some time off party work for revision. My request was refused. That was the final straw.
I knew that if I didn't intervene at this stage my mother would, and I would rather have taken on the self-appointed representatives of the working class than her any day. I called when I knew the local organiser would be out and told his flatmate I was leaving the party. I didn't sleep that night, so tortured was I by the portentousness of my actions. The next day he came round and lectured me again on party discipline.
Revolutions don't come without hard work, and hard work needed sacrifice, he said. He sounded like a clergyman trying to save a marriage. But he might as well have been talking to the stack of pamphlets that was always sitting in his car. My mind was made up. "I'm leaving," I told him. "Nobody leaves this party, Gary," he said. "They either get kicked out or they die." Given that I am still here to tell the tale, I can only presume that I was expelled in my absence. I had as few qualms about leaving as I did about joining. My nine months in the WRP were a great political and personal education.
In time I would learn the damage of dogma, the power of rhetoric and the fact that politics is not just an extracurricular activity. I discovered that, when it came to debate, shades of grey suited me better than black and white, but that complexity should never be used as an excuse for inaction. And while I never joined a Trotskyist party again, my experience did not leave me with a vitriolic disdain for Trotskyists - although I do think that Trotsky himself would be rather disappointed by many of those who struggle in his name.
In any case, five months after I was "kicked out", Healy would suffer the same fate. Accused by Banda of "cruel and systematic debauchery" after abusing his influence to coerce younger, female party members into bed, and secretly buying himself a £15,000 BMW with party funds, his expulsion made "Reds in the bed" tabloid headlines. Banda's attack coincided with a 180-degree shift in the party's politics, towards Labour under Neil Kinnock. The Redgraves sided with Healy and split to form a separate group, the Marxist party. The hard left had just sprouted a 58th variety.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are one of four teams to remain explicitly in the running to appear on HBO's Hard Knocks this year, and it's starting to look more and more likely that they'll be the team featured on that show.
Hard Knocks chronicles one NFL team's training camp and preseason journey every season, with one episode per week that culminates with the team's final cuts. There's always a bunch of drama about which team will get selected every year, which is why the NFL instated a bunch of rules about forcing teams to be on the show.
Those rules aren't that complicated but, suffice it to say, the Bucs could be forced to go on the show. That's true for seven other teams, too, but four of those have already said they won't go on Hard Knocks: no Indianapolis Colts, Philadelphia Eagles, Baltimore Ravens and Cleveland Browns refused. That leaves the Bucs, the Tennessee Titans, the Chicago Bears and the New Orleans Saints.
All of those teams would be intriguing material for the HBO camera's, but perhaps none more so than the Bucs. Jameis Winston will attract a lot of viewers for various reasons, DeSean Jackson has a bit of a reputation for drama, the Bucs have a few star players, and Doug Martin's future remains clouded in uncertainty which is sure to play out in front of the camera's.
Most coaches aren't too happy with Hard Knocks, for the obvious reason that being filmed throughout training camp does nothing for your team's ability to win games.
Still, the Bucs, for their part, seem to be okay with this possibility. Dirk Koetter wasn't dismissive of the possibility when asked this week, telling Jenna Laine of ESPN that he has “no fear of our guys”—presumably no fear of them being negatively affected by the camera's.
“The NFL is the greatest game in the world. I have no fear of our guys -- there's gonna be guys who act different with the cameras on,” Koetter said Wednesday at the NFL owners meetings in Phoenix. “Our mission is the still the same, to figure out how to win the division and try to get in the tournament.”
Meanwhile, general manager Jason Licht told JoeBucsFan's Ira Kaufman that the Bucs' locker room is mature enough to handle the show.
The Bucs already have some experience with Hard Knocks, indirectly: head coach Dirk Koetter and defensive coordinator Mike Smith were featured on the show in 2014, when Koetter was the coordinator and Smith the head coach.
That didn't end well: Smith was fired after the 2014 season, while Koetter moved on to become the Bucs' offensive coordinator. It seems that experience isn't too troubling for them, though.
Hard Knocks has gotten a little stale for me in recent years, but if the Bucs are picked I'll have to start paying attention again.
I'm going to do something crazy, you guys.
I'm going to actually play in a Grand Prix.
But not this time. For this next iteration of Grand Prix Dallas, I'm going to sleeve up my deck (more on that later) and actually sling some spells. Due to my extended period without a major tournament, I'm going to be battling without any byes, but we'll just view that as more practice before Round 4. At least that's what I'm telling myself.
At any rate, something about this Grand Prix feels familiar. The last time we had a Grand Prix Dallas, I was on the coverage team and noticed something odd about the Top 8 as it coalesced. The eight archetypes were split neatly between two decks: four Caw-Blade and four R/U/G decks, both with Jace, the Mind Sculptors aplenty.
Fast-forward what seems like a million years, and Grand Prix Albuquerque sets the stage for a similar scenario. The Top 8 was very nearly split between two decks—mono-black and mono-blue devotion—with a single interloper spoiling a million “black and blue” puns. We even have a ubiquitous blue-card split between the top decks, as Nightveil Specter looms large-ish over the format.
So, is this Dallas all over again? Are we headed for a two-deck format? Or are we already there?
Let's look at the evidence.
The Best Players Played One or the Other . . . or an Inferior Deck
Let's start with the first half of that proposition. Of the ranked players who played in Albuquerque, almost all of them played one of three decks: mono-blue, mono-black, or Kibler B/G.
Magic Top 25 Pro Rankings ), Paul Rietzl (20), Tom Martell (10), and Eric Froehlich (13) all played mono-black and finished, respectively, 1st, 8th, 14th, and 28th. Throw in Matt Sperling's virtual Top 8 (he not only played the same list, but offered a draw to friend Paul Rietzl when playing for the Top 8 with the win on the board; he was jumped in tiebreakers to miss out) and Todd Anderson's third-place finish, and mono-black was not only very successful, but was also put in the hands of some of the most talented players on the planet.
Mono-blue's devotees were fewer among the ranked, but Sam Black (8) is on one of the hottest streaks of any player's life right now (four straight major events Top 8s—1 Pro Tour and 3 Grands Prix), and much of that success has come with mono-blue devotion at his fingertips. Additionally, finalist Sam Pardee has another Grand Prix title under his belt and is certainly no slouch, while Grand Prix Detroit winner and Grand Prix Miami Finalist Josh McClain quietly finished in the Top 16 with mono-blue devotion as well.
After that, the rest of the ranked players playing in the tournament tell an interesting story. Much of the ChannelFireball team was playing an aggressive B/G deck straight out of Brian Kibler's (17) brain. Josh Utter-Leyton (2) was the only one to finish in the Top 64. Kibler himself finished 114th.
Abrupt Decay is a very real card in the format and might just be the best removal spell available, and Golgari Charm is excellent as well, so I wouldn't sleep on a Golgari deck being good, but this wasn't a great debut and won't inspire many people to pick it up.
So, if the best players were, by and large, on one of these decks, and these decks performed well, what can we glean from that?
Oddly enough, it's not much. I think we can safely assume that the B/G deck isn't ready for prime time yet, but Sam Black seems to be able to Top 8 at will since the Pro Tour, and Owen is an oath brother, so I imagine he'll keep winning GPs until either Reid Duke or Huey Jensen quits Magic, breaks the oath, or dies of old age, none of which is happening any time soon. So, do we assume they did so well because they're just that good (likely) or do we look at their archetypes' performances and conclude that they picked the best decks and played well (also likely)?
In other words, did the best players pick the best decks, or did the best players make the best decks the best because they were so expertly piloted? It's probably a bit of both, so we'll call this one a wash.
Mono-Black and Mono-Blue Became Better as the Tournament Went On . . . but Still Weren't the Whole Story
Day 1 top tables breakdown show small but significant slices of black and blue devotion decks. On Day 2, out of the entire field , black devotion was actually the third-most-popular deck, behind blue and Esper control, but none of them comprised more than sixteen percent of the entire field. That's far from dominating, but those two charts, coupled with a far more diverse Top 16 just outside the Top 8, seems to indicate that both mono-black and mono-blue became better as the tournament went on—but hardly trumped the entire field.
However, it's hard to call something a two-deck format when fully seventy percent of Day 2 was playing something else. If you compare to Grand Prix Dallas in the era of Caw-Blade and R/U/G, you'll notice that the metagame then was far more top-heavy.
So, what does this all mean? It seems to indicate that blue and black devotion decks are very good (you already knew that), but are far, far from the only choices going in.
Other Decks Are Caught between a (Brittle) Rock and a Hard-ish Place
The problem is that mono-blue excels against exactly that kind of strategy. Tidebinder Mage, Frostburn Weird, and Master of Waves make life incredibly difficult for exactly the kind of deck to exist.
Now let's look at the other end of the spectrum with Esper. Esper has a generally favorable matchup against blue devotion and a generally unfavorable matchup against black devotion (though Game 1 is more in Esper's favor than people seem to recognize). So, you could pick Esper, but you're simply flipping which matchup is favorable. And even then, the matchups aren't so favorable that you're able to waltz right past them.
Other attempts to find a space between the decks have flared up and fallen by the wayside. Naya, the only other deck to Top 8 Albuquerque, has occasionally demonstrated its flexibility, but the mana isn't great (Andrew Hanson had exactly four nonbasic lands in his deck), and the exact build is questionable. Do you go with Andrew Hanson's beatdown style or Brad Nelson's control version with Assemble the Legion?
But Standard isn't about absolute matchups. “Good” matchups are much less good these days, while “bad” matchups are much less bad. This might be an indication of why we see so many top pros doing well at these tournaments—there's less of an edge to be gained purely on deck choice.
So, a deck caught between these two decks isn't necessarily just out of luck. That, in turn, leads to a ton of diversity and give players reasons to play decks on one end of the spectrum or the other.
Want to play mono-red? You can, and you'll expect to beat black a fair percentage of the time while still having plenty of game against blue. Want to play Esper? You can, and you'll expect to beat blue a fair percentage of the time while still having some game against black.
It Was Just One Tournament
That same weekend, there was a StarCityGames Open in which not a single black deck made the Top 8, and only two made Top 16. Blue put four copies in the Top 8, but none in the finals and only one more in the Top 16.
And if you go back to Grand Prix Santiago, you see a bevy of blue devotion, but little black (and zero Sam Black).
So, no, Albuquerque doesn't mean we have another Dallas on our hands. Dallas was part of a bigger trend wherein Jace decks took over the format. Nightveil Specter may be good, but it certainly isn't Jace good.
Conclusion
Thankfully, Grand Prix Vienna this weekend is also Standard, giving the format another opportunity to overreact one way or another.
I say “thankfully” because, at this point, I'm almost certainly playing mono-blue. Since the release of Theros, I've played Blue, Esper, and Junk exclusively, and while I like all three decks, blue seems to be the best choice for me. For one, I have zero byes, and the idea of playing Esper for up to nine rounds sounds exhausting. I play the deck very fast, but even then, any three-game set is going to take you close to time. Junk, meanwhile, is fun and actually very good, but it isn't nearly tuned enough to bank on.
That leaves blue devotion. With no byes, I want something strong and—above all—consistent. Esper, as much power as it has, isn't consistent. The mana base can bite you more often than I'd like, removal can be spotty depending on the threat, and the sheer variety of things you need to answer leaves me wanting a twenty-card sideboard. Plus, the deck is vulnerable to fast red decks, which I think will be somewhat popular, especially in the early rounds.
That could all change between now and Dallas, but Albuquerque only reinforced my view of the format and underscored my own strengths in Standard. Vienna is yet another opportunity for everything to turn on its head, but given recent results, I don't expect that to happen.
Tim Draper Wants To Split California Into Pieces And Turn Silicon Valley Into Its Own State
TechCrunch has learned about noted technology investor Tim Draper's plan to split California into six separate states, including a Northern California slice appropriately named “Silicon Valley.”
Draper shared his vision with TechCrunch tonight. He says he's submitting a polished version to the state's Attorney General in the form of a ballot proposition proposal within the next 48 hours. “Six Californias” already has a campaign website up and is eager for an army of volunteers.
We've pasted the full ballot initiative below, along with the redrawn map of California. Essentially, the idea is to section off California into six horizontal slices, with Silicon Valley getting its own region stretching from the Sierras to the Bay Area beaches.
Southern California would also get its own slice of isolationist glory, with the new state “West California” consisting of Los Angeles and Santa Barbara, among other areas.
In an email, Draper tells me there are five key reasons he's pushing the initiative:
“1. It is about time California was properly represented with Senators in Washington. Now our number of Senators per person will be about average.
2. Competition is good, monopolies are bad. This initiative encourages more competition and less monopolistic power. Like all competitive systems, costs will be lowed and service will be better.
3. Each new state can start fresh. From a new crowd sourced state flower to a more relevant constitution.
4. Decisions can be more relevant to the population. The regulations in one new state are not appropriate for another.
5. Individuals can move between states more freely.”
Getting such a measure on California's wacky ballot will be no easy task. Attempts to get initiatives on the state ballot can cost millions of dollars, and often fail. That said, California has a long secessionist history, and there are a number of folks who want to split the West Coast into smaller territories. And Tim Draper, who recently announced plans to step down skip the next fund from his investment firm and has been dedicating more of his time to educational initiatives, certainly has the clout and financial resources that can be helpful in turning political visions into reality.
It is an out-of-the-box idea, to say the least. But it's in line with Silicon Valley's recent history of hyper-ambitious ideas.
Facebook Investor Peter Thiel is funding a floating, sovereign libertarian utopia island. Investor Balaji S. Srinivasan infamously called for a separate “opt-in” territory for radical experimentation. Google's Larry Page hinted at the same techno-utopian island.
We have asked Draper for more details and will let you know as soon as we get them (and verify that the Attorney General will, in fact, accept such a proposition.) For now, check out the proposal for yourself in the documents below.
Six Californias Proposal
Six Californias Map Proposal by TechCrunch
Poll: Investigating radical American Muslims
By Peyton M. Craighill
A new Gallup poll finds a slight majority of 52 percent saying it is appropriate to hold congressional hearings on the role of radical Islam among American Muslims. Those hearings, led Thursday by Rep. Peter King (R-N.Y.), have been controversial for singling out members of this community.
Public sentiment toward Islam has become more negative in recent years in Post-ABC News polls. A September survey found more people held an unfavorable than favorable view of Islam by 49 to 37 percent. That is a reversal from an October 2002 poll in which 47 percent were favorable vs. 39 percent unfavorable.
On the key question of the nature of the religion, a 54 percent majority said Islam is a religion of peace. But 31 percent said mainstream Islam encourages violence against non-Muslims, a consistent level over the past eight years. That is still a significant portion of the country seeing Islam as potentially violent and is about double what it was in 2002 when first asked.
An important dividing line in sentiments toward Islam is whether or not people understand the religion and whether or not people personally know a Muslim. Those with more knowledge are much more sympathetic to the religion. Among those who know a Muslim or say they understand it, two-thirds call it a religion of peace.
While sentiment is not monolithic, significant portions of the public may see important reasons for these hearings. The new Gallup poll found 36 percent saying that Muslims living in the United States are "too extreme in their religious beliefs" and 28 percent saying that Muslims in America are "sympathetic to the al-Qaeda terrorist organization." These sentiments have declined since 2006 when 44 percent said Muslims are "too extreme" and 34 percent said they were sympathetic to al-Qaeda.
LIVE COVERAGE: Rep. Peter King's hearing
'We Are Not Those Evangelicals'
80 evangelical Christian leaders, many well known across America, have joined together to publicly denounce the "morally unacceptable" candidacy of Donald Trump.
Saying they "simply will not tolerate the racial, religious, and gender bigotry that Donald Trump has consistently and deliberately fueled," the faith leaders note Trump "has fueled white American nationalism with xenophobic appeals and religious intolerance at the expense of gospel values, democratic principles, and important international relationships."
"No matter what other issues we also care about, we have to make it publicly clear that Mr. Trump's racial and religious bigotry and treatment of women is morally unacceptable to us as evangelical Christians, as we attempt to model Jesus' command to 'love your neighbors as yourself.'"
The evangelicals say they "believe that racism strikes at the heart of the gospel," and "racial justice and reconciliation is at the core of the message of Jesus."
ThinkProgress notes the signatories "include Rachel Held Evans, a blogger and best-selling author; Tony Campolo, a left-leaning evangelical author and activist; Lisa Sharon Harper, Chief Church Engagement Officer of Jim Wallis' advocacy group Sojourners; and Shane Claiborne, author and founder of the Christian community the Simple Way."
The faith leaders write that Trump "mocks women and the sanctity of marriage vows, disregards facts and the accountability to truth, and worships wealth and shameful materialism, while taking our weakening culture of civility to nearly unprecedented levels with continuing personal attacks on others."
The billionaire real estate magnate, they continue, "has given voice to a movement that affirms racist elements in white cultureâ€”both explicit and implicit," "spread racist 'birther' falsehoods for five years trying to delegitimize and humiliate our first African-American president, characterizing him as 'the other' and not a real American citizen," and "uses fear to demonize and degrade immigrants, foreigners, and people from different racial, ethnic, and religious backgrounds."
They also take the media to task, saying a "significant mistake in American politics is the media's continued identification of 'evangelical' with mostly white, politically conservative, older men. We are not those evangelicals. The media's narrow labels of our community perpetuate stereotypes, ignore our diversity, and fail to accurately represent views expressed by the full body of evangelical Christians."
But despite their important stance, Christian evangelical leaders have often been slow to publicly denounce those who claim to speak for their community, including the Franklin Grahams, Tony Perkins, and Brian Browns of the anti-LGBT movement.
Their letter and the list of signatories appears in a Change.org petition.
Image by Darron Birgenheier via Flickr and a CC license
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
Sysadmins, rejoice: PowerShell is coming to Linux and Mac. Microsoft announced Thursday that its automation and scripting system is breaking out of the confines of Windows and going open source.
The company is also releasing alpha versions of PowerShell for Linux (specifically Ubuntu, Centos and Redhat) and Mac OS X. A new PowerShell GitHub page gives people the ability to download binaries of the software, as well as access to the app's source code.
PowerShell on Linux and Mac will let people who have already built proficiency with Microsoft's scripting language take those skills and bring them to new platforms. Meanwhile, people who are used to working on those platforms will have access to a new and very powerful tool for getting work done.
It's part of Microsoft's ongoing moves to open up products that the company has previously kept locked to platforms that it owned. The company's open sourcing of its .NET programming frameworks in 2014 paved the way for this launch, by making the building blocks of PowerShell available on Linux and OS X.
By making PowerShell available on Linux, Microsoft has taken the skills of Windows administrators, who are already used to the software, and made them more marketable. It has also made it possible for hardcore Linux users to get access to an additional set of tools that they can use to manage a variety of systems.
Jeffrey Snover, a Microsoft technical fellow and the architect of PowerShell, said in an interview that the core engine and cmdlets will be the same across PowerShell on Windows, Linux and Mac. Some cmdlets that use Windows-only features won't be available on other platforms, and PowerShell scripts written for Windows may have to be modified to work on Linux and Mac.
Snover said that Microsoft is still working on finalizing some of PowerShell's remote access capabilities on Linux. But once that's done, administrators will be able to use PowerShell on Windows to remotely manage a fleet of Linux systems, something that customers have been wanting for some time.
They'll also be able to manage them on AWS, thanks to a partnership between Microsoft and Amazon, its biggest competitor in the cloud wars. New AWS cmdlets for PowerShell make it possible for users to administer services in the cloud.
VMware has also partnered with Microsoft to release new cmdlets for PowerShell that work across platforms, too.
Thursday's announcement also included the release of the PowerShell Editor Service, which lets Visual Studio Code and Sublime Text work with PowerShell, including support for debugging. Microsoft said that support for other editors will be coming in the future.
When it comes to the PowerShell open source project, Microsoft will be accepting contributions to it through GitHub. Right now, the only people who can commit changes to PowerShell work for Microsoft, but Snover said that he expects to have committers from the community working on the project in the future.
Speaking of those contributors, Snover said that Microsoft plans to make PowerShell for Linux generally available during the first half of next year, but its release date will be determined by when members of the community think it's ready.
Over the weekend, registered Democrats in the Portland area began receiving a strange flier from the Maine Republican Party in the mail. While ostensibly an attack piece against Congressman Mike Michaud, the Democratic gubernatorial candidate, the mailer also provides positive information about independent candidate Eliot Cutler. Based on the content of the flier and its recipients, the mailing is clearly designed to promote Cutler's candidacy at Michaud's expense, to the ultimate benefit of Republican Governor Paul LePage.
LePage has previously said that Cutler being in the race was the best thing for his re-election and other Republicans have agreed. Conservative radio host Howie Carr discussed the need to support Cutler's candidacy at a GOP event in February, a month after Republican Governor's Association executive director Phil Cox laid out the specifics of their calculus, saying: “If Cutler stays in that range [getting 15 to 20 percent of the vote], the governor has a very good chance of winning. If he drops below 15, it presents a more difficult pathway to victory.”
Poll aggregators currently peg Cutler's support at right around 15 percent, far behind the two major-party candidates but potentially garnering enough support from progressive voters to improve LePage's chances at re-election.
The mailer cites the Cutler for Maine website, praises Cutler for having “strong management experience” and highlights his progressive positions on gun safety laws and women's rights. It provides more negative characterizations of Michaud on these issues, failing to note that he holds the same position on gun background checks as the independent candidate and that Michaud was endorsed over Cutler by both NARAL Pro-Choice America and Planned Parenthood for his positions in support of women's rights.
All voters who have reported receiving the mailer so far are either women or young people who are registered Democrats in the Portland area, not demographics that the Republican Party would normally target with any kind of mail program. [Update: Democrats in other parts of the state also report receiving the mailer.]
The Republican Party expenditure comes as Cutler's own campaign seems to be winding down. Despite having the ability (and, in the past, the willingness) to fund his campaign out of his own personal fortune, Cutler has decreased his spending on television advertising and is currently lagging far behind his opponents in the air war, prompting some to speculate that he may have realized he has little chance of winning the race.
In the 2012 U.S. Senate race, the Maine Republican Party and conservative super PACs tried a similar tactic, sending mail and running advertising designed to boost Democratic candidate Cynthia Dill at the expense of independent candidate Angus King, the frontrunner for the seat. The ploy was ultimately unsuccessful and King won the election with 53 percent of the vote.
Robbie Travers welcomed the US bombing of Isis tunnels and said he would not give “regressive” elements of Islam or Muslims a “free pass... because they face bigotry'”
Edinburgh University is investigating a law student over claims that he mocked Islamic State on social media and put “minority students at risk and in a state of panic and fear”.
An official at the university who conducted a preliminary investigation allegedly accused the third-year law student of having committed a “hate crime” even though there has been no criminal investigation by the police.
The law student says that the complaint against him came in retaliation after he highlighted that a former leader of an ethnic minority student group at the university had referred to black men as “trash”.
Robbie Travers, 21, acknowledged that his social media comments were highly opinionated but he denied that they were racist or in any way incited violence.
He…
If Black Mirror is anything to go by, rating everyone around you isn't always a great idea, but Completed wants to make it easier to rate and rank the business professionals around you. It's kind of like Yelp, but instead of rating companies, you're rating the people within the businesses. The San Francisco-based company wants to use these ratings to shake up both hiring and career development.
“Constructive criticism of employee performance is extremely valuable. It creates accountability, which can be influential for career development and hiring,” Michael Zammuto, CEO of Completed said. The company just came out of a month-long beta, during which the company added 150,000 people to its database.
When you go through the company's sign-up process, it becomes extremely obvious that while the rating side of the company is a great hook and a reason for people to sign up, Completed firmly has LinkedIn in its crosshairs. Makes sense, too, perhaps, after Microsoft snapped up the professional social networking site for $26 billion and change, and has had a less-than-stellar run ever since. One of LinkedIn's early engineers, Leo Polovets, puts it well:
I used to think LinkedIn could only get better from its current state. Then the redesign happened and I found out I was very wrong. https://t.co/shrW1KZjfa — Leo Polovets (@lpolovets) March 10, 2017
But as many other companies have found through the years, a solid network effect means that no matter how bad LinkedIn might be to its users, it's extremely hard to shake loose its ninja grip on the market of professional networking. That isn't stopping Completed from giving it a whirl, however.
“We're extremely excited to officially launch Completed. Professionals will finally be able to be rewarded for good work and have a chance to get constructive feedback to improve,” Zammuto says, describing his new company as an enabler of “a true Meritocratic Society.”
From launch, the company has been successful in resolving some of the challenges with which other rating-style companies have struggled. The company advertises “a strict anti-cyberbullying policy that prohibits harassing, threatening, embarrassing and targeting reviews,” for example. There's also a mechanism in place where users can interact with reviewers to ask questions or resolve feedback they feel is unfair. How well this works in practice is obviously still to be seen, but it means that there's at least a fighting chance to stave off the fake news epidemic from our personal lives.
The site launches to the public today, as the company announces a $150,000 seed round to help keep the wheels a-turning.
December 1st has been declared – GLOBAL FAT-BIKE DAY! That means fat-bikers from all over the globe are invited to get out for a ride on their fat-bikes! Go for a solo cruise or make plans to gather your fat-bike tribe for a group ride! Don't forget your camera, because part of the Global Fat-Bike Celebration will include sharing your experience, through photos and video, with the rest of the world! Feel free to use either of these two banners to promote your regional celebrations or make one up, of your own!
Our own regional gathering of Wisconsin Fat-Bikers will take place at 11:00 am at the Nordic Shelter, across the street from the John Muir Trailhead! We have a nice fire pit and a huge grill for an after ride celebration of all things fat! If the trails are closed, due to conditions, we'll shift the ride to the beach! Fat-bikes are not afraid of a little weather! We'll supply the charcoal, and you should bring something to throw on the grill, beverages, a dish to pass (if you like) and an (optional) donation for the National Mountain Bike Patrol of Wisconsin. (They may save your butt one day!) Remember to wear Blaze Orange!
For more races, demos and festivals, visit our Event Calendar sponsored by 45NRTH for more Fat-Bike Fun! Do you know about a fat-bike event in your area? Send us your event info and we'll add it to our Event Calendar. Email the event information to info@fat-bike.com.
Share this article!
Facebook
Google+
Twitter
tumblr
Email
You might not read the whole blog post- it's a lengthy one I know. So I'll say the most important part right now.
If you EVER harass me you WILL be published on the blog, Twitter, facebook and whatever media I have. I don't back down, I don't back of. And I'm sure my friends won't either. And girl, if you have ANY problems with ANYBODY – please reach out to me. Now
A long day
It has been a long day. I just came back from the police station. I feel drained. Tired.
“What happens now?” I asked
“Nothing. If he makes a physical approach then we might have a case” The policeman said
I have a case and I'll chase the person down. I already have a lot of information, and I don't need the police to fight this. A part of my fight is making publicly all the details. I know some of you will be able to help, so contact me if you recognize the phone-numbers, the person or anything else.
Sitting in the car my mind drifted, my last year and a half as a developer spun in my head. It has been a crazy year and a half. Good and bad. But I've been quiet about the worst.
By no means do I consider myself a role model, a martyr, or a woman's right ambassador. I didn't want that role, it was a battle and I felt unprepared. I was closing my eyes, and my mouth. Being hit in the face with a “Nothing” after everything that has happened the last 17 months has changed that. How do you gain control over people?
You keep them scared and keep them quiet.
I'm not scared, and I am sure as hell not staying quiet.
How do you worst manage problems? You pretend they don't exist
I was interviewed by the most known computer magazine in Sweden about my career change. The interview is short, two pictures and a video. As soon as the article is posted extremely offensive comments are posted as well (you can read some of the translation comments here, unfortunately many comments were already removed when I took the screen shot). Barely an hour in the comment feed is closed. Three hours in all offensive comments are deleted, my images removed, and the video removed on one article. The title of the article is changed not to indicate my gender.
And article about a strong woman that looks different that creates strong reactions from the male developer community is suddenly an article about a person captured by code (so it's not an active choice), and everybody is cheering for her. A few weeks later the same newspaper writes an editorial about this, and how shame it is they had to close the comment feed, and how we need more women in CS. Nothing about removing my identity, and pretending the problem doesn't exist.
But my blog has the evidence. Comments after comments not approved due to their vulgar language. Some have made it though, and you'll find them here and there.
But my inbox has the evidence. Email after email with profane comments and suggestions.
I ignored – I ignore no more.
Cause you see, I even got myself two stalkers.
Incidents
Let's go back to in time. The say you should record all incidents. Time, place and what. Let's have a look at some of mine, and don't worry I'll tell you everything about the police incidence. First things first. And it always starts so subtle. Is there really a problem?
EDIT (from Stupid Question 108: After Q107, what now Iris?)
The incidents I encountered were just a few, writing about everything would make for a rather long blog post so instead I chose a sample, and made sure that the ‘seriousness' of the incidents varied- so more people could relate and also because I wanted to ask the question: where do we draw the line? I don't know, but I want to know how others feel. Some of the incidents, taken out of context and standing alone, seem insignificant (and might even so be) – but when put together I wonder what the connection is and if they OK the next action and next incident. You can agree with all, parts of it, or none of it- but your options matter and I wanted to hear them. I might have gotten more than I bargained for…
During first UG I attend I get tagged on FB with a comment: look we have female developers. I win a T-Shirt for being the only woman there. Does not feel like an accomplishment, nor a compliment.
Not a big deal?
During the opening of a conference girls dressed as cheerleaders, called the Azure girls, sing about penises and drugs.
Still not a big deal?
Later that night a band sings about watching TV and wanking of, getting all the guys to sing along. The lead singer is wearing a T-Shirt saying dolphins are gay sharks.
Still not a big deal?
During the same conference, in the evening, male developers are placing bets if a guy will succeed or not to hit on me. While a guy runs up to me and rudely addresses me, his mates are cheering in the background. I leave in tears and I leave early.
Still not a big deal?
During a live rehearsal of my session ‘Stupid Questions and N00bs' talking about how women in computer science was at 50% during the 80's but has since declined I get a comment that since they were using punch cards it was a job even women could do.
Still not a big deal?
I'm approached during a conference by a young developer, he scans me from top to toe and says: What are YOU doing here, because obviously you are not a developer. The look on his face as he turns my name tag around and it has Speaker written in red on it, priceless.
Still not a big deal?
I've been getting inappropriate emails that are making me very uncomfortable, they are of private nature and subtle suggestive.
Still not a big deal? Here is my day today
Today
08:30 am– My husband leaves for work. First time I don't go with him- I got a few things to take care of at home before I head to work
08:35 am – Phone call from a number I don't recognize. Breathing on the other end. Person hangs up after 10 seconds. I get a weird feeling. I go to my computer to look up the number.
08:38 am – My phone plings. It's an MMS with a video. The video is of a man masturbating, video is shot from the hipbone down to mid-thigh. It's a white male, overweight, small chubby hands, no dirt under his nails and he is circumcised. He is aroused, breaths heavily, but has a problem with his erection. The video is recorded just a few minutes before it was sent.
08:42 am – SMS: “Are you kind of horny? Maybe craving a big hard cock..?” Text is in Swedish
08:43 am – SMS: “Or maybe just some arousing phonesex? With video call?” Text is in Swedish
09:03 am – I text back: “ Fuck of. I'm on my way to the police right now, with information from your phone carrier Telia and meta data from the video. I'm married, so the answer is no, and don't you fucking think that you have the right to do this you fucking idiot. Do you really think you can be anonymous when you send a video through sms? As soon as I have your address the police will knock on your door and hand over an Idiot of The Year diploma to you. Congratulations. No you keep wanking of, but do it on your own. “
09:20 am – phone rings, a different number (turns out to be another phone carrier, Comviq). Following conversation takes place.
Him : “I want to fuck your pussy, I'm going to…” – he is making his voice hoarser and darker, breathing heavily but also sounding nervous
Me: “Look dude, if you want to talk to me you got to speak up. I can't hear a shit because of the whole breathing thing you got going on”
He pauses. Complete silence for a few seconds. Then repeats what he said, word for word, louder. I can better hear his voice.
Me: “Really? You can't talk louder? I'm telling you I really can't hear what you are saying. Turn it up”
He repeats, loudly this time, sounds nervous as hell and not that aroused anymore. His voice cracks mid-sentence and he hangs up. He doesn't call back.
Still not a big deal?
Wish I could say it was the first time. Wish I could say it usually doesn't happen. But even a quick google will let you know that this is very common for female developers to experience. There is even a timeline where you can read about some documented incidents, and I think some of the things I've witnessed are even represented here. There is even a site where (I assume) female gamers can upload creepy comments in RE to playing, and the offensive nature of the comments is shocking, and scary.
Image borrowed from the site-!
What scares me even more, is the advice and response some of you have given me.
The advice and response I've been given that I dislike and disagree with:
Ignore it- most studies actually conclude that you should not ignore
Hide – rather impossible, and it also gives the impression that the problem does not exist
Take it- I should kind of blame myself for looking the way I look I had a comment or two says
And then the advice I Iike
Fight it – not take it, not hide, and not change who you are
My question to you, Still not a big deal?
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson An inquisitive local resident
Little Mombo Credit: Dana Allen Buffalo are seen in impressive numbers on the Mombo Concession
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson Little Mombo has just three guest tents, each with its own plunge pool
Little Mombo Lion and lechwe on the alert
Little Mombo Leopard are regularly sighted in the area
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson The luxury of space is key at Little Mombo
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson Sometimes there's no need to leave camp to see amazing wildlife
Little Mombo A classic Mombo sight: large mixed herds of giraffes and impala
Little Mombo Credit: Dana Allen Amazing wildlife in every direction at Mombo
Little Mombo Credit: Dana Allen Cheetah have been seen regularly on the concession since 2017
Little Mombo Credit: Dana Allen A healthy wild dog pack is often seen on the Mombo Concession
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson Built beneath a canopy of mature trees, Little Mombo is all about luxury under canvas
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson Arboreal walkways connect guest rooms to the main area
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson Luxury under canvas, that's Little Mombo
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson Privacy is a given
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson Meal times at Little Mombo are a feast for all the senses
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson Double-vanity amenities are a feature of every bathroom
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson Copper baths evoke a bygone explorer era
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson Little Mombo bathrooms all feature outdoor showers
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson Little Mombo is an intimate camp where privacy is key
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson Expect high concentrations of plains game and their predators, including all the big cats
Little Mombo Great sightings of leopard in the open
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson Creating memories on an unforgettable African safari
Little Mombo Lechwe and large herd of zebra
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson Little Mombo overlooks a floodplain that is host to an astonishing variety of wildlife
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson Little Mombo's main area comprises a dining room, kitchen and lounge
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson Meal time detail
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson Spend siesta time in your cool, private sala
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson No-one goes hungry at Little Mombo
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson Wild dogs have made the concession home
Little Mombo Credit: Crookes & Jackson Pula is a resident leopard, recognisable by her torn ear
Extraordinary Photos From China's Area 51. What Was This Place, And What Blew It Up?
These photos are a real puzzle. We have verified that the most recent ones are definitely on Google Earth, but what has happened here is as much of a mystery as the site itself. It is located in the area known as China's ‘Area 51′ and it appears that the installations, whatever they were, have been destroyed from above. But what are they, and why were they blown apart and the buildings ransacked?.unknowncountry
Haisheng Liu for viewzone.com
I was asked to translate a recent submission to viewzone that contained the following images, taken from the google-earth program. Of course I checked the archives to be sure they are correct and noted the GPS coordinates so anyone can confirm that these things are real.
The top of this unusual rectangle construction spans 5670 feet — over a mile — and the road-like structures are as much as 100 feet wide! Google-earth images show the construction at various times going back to 2005. It is always covered with mud and the surrounding land shows no signs of activity for miles (except some miles to the West, where a perfect square of earth about a mile wide has been covered over with sand). Prior to 2005 the google-earth images are blurred in this specific area, suggesting it is not new. It appears to be made somewhat thick as it has not buckled or cracked over the years.
But wait, there's more weird things in this immediate area:
As you will want to see these for yourself, the coordinates are provided. Zoom in on some of the remains of buildings and camps. They are all vacated and look like they were ransacked. There's a sign of an explosion in places with the ground riddled with 10 foot craters, as if cluster-bombed. And the weird shapes… are they runways? antennae? symbols?
With a little exploring I came across this image of a remote village — I mean in the middle of nowhere — devoted to laying out this reflective stuff in a specific pattern.
And here, at the end of the runway, antenna, symbol (whatever) is this odd thing.
Orange blocks, as big as cargo containers, are stacked in a circular manner around a small house. Then, sometime after 2007, there is a powerful explosion and the containers are scattered as much as three miles from their original site. What happened? What is this place?
It even has a HAARP-like installation (see 40 24'17.50″N 93 38'15.75″E).
What we were told in the email:
The reader says this is Top Secret area in a remote part of China. This is the Chinese “Area 51″ where captured (alien?) technology is kept and tested. It is also near by where the nuclear bombs were detonated many years ago. Supposedly the main laboratories are underground. You can see the entrances if you look at the images. Contact has been made with other “technology” (?). A new propulsion system was being tested. But it was not well controlled and could not be stabilized. An accident happened and the device blew up. The area is very contaminated now.
Then there's this:
There certainly is strong evdence that something came from “above” and blasted this site (and most others in the area). Is this all just a hoax? Check this for yourself with google-earth and let us know what you find.
viewzone.com
A North Carolina man with no health care robbed a bank for $1 in order to go to jail and get his ailments seen to. He is hoping to be convicted of a felony, so he can get the benefits he lost after he was laid off from his 17-year Coca-Cola delivery job. He has carpal tunnel, a bad back, and "a protrusion on his chest." He is in chronic pain. He has promised to reoffend if he isn't convicted and treated.
He took a cab down New Hope Road and picked a bank at random -- RBC Bank.
Verone didn't want to scare anyone. He executed the robbery the most passive way he knew how.
He handed the teller a note demanding one dollar, and medical attention.
"I didn't have any fears," said Verone. "I told the teller that I would sit over here and wait for police."
The teller, however, did have some fears even though Verone never showed a weapon.
Her blood pressure shot up and once Verone was handcuffed by police, the teller was taken to Gaston Memorial Hospital to be checked out.
Verone said he was sorry for causing the woman any pain.
A protester shoots firecrackers at riot police during a May Day demonstration in Istanbul May 1, 2014. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish police fired tear gas, water cannon and rubber pellets on Thursday to try to stop thousands of people, some armed with fire bombs and fireworks, from defying a ban on May Day rallies and reaching Istanbul's central Taksim square.
Citing security fears, authorities shut parts of the city's public transport system and deployed thousands of riot police, blocking access to Taksim, a traditional union rallying point and the focus of weeks of anti-government protests last summer.
A protester (L) scuffles with riot police during a May Day demonstration in Istanbul May 1, 2014. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
Prime Minister Tayyip Erdoğan, who warned last week against efforts to march on Taksim, has cast both last year's street protests and a corruption scandal dogging his government since December as part of a plot to undermine him.
The Istanbul governor's office said it had advance information that "illegal terror organizations and their extensions" would resort to violence to stoke unrest.
Pockets of protesters played cat-and-mouse in several neighborhoods on the fringes of Taksim, a huge square surrounded by stores, restaurants and hotels usually thronged by commuters, shoppers and tourists.
Protesters shoot firecrackers at riot police during a May Day demonstration in Istanbul May 1, 2014. REUTERS
Flag-waving demonstrators, some throwing fireworks and stones, at one point breached barricades in Besiktas, a neighborhood near Taksim on the shores of the Bosphorus, before police forced them back into side streets.
In the working class Okmeydani district, members of leftist groups threw fire bombs and fireworks at police, who responded with rubber pellets and tear gas. Similar clashes erupted in March at the funeral of teenager Berkin Elvan, who had lain in a coma after being wounded in last year's unrest.
"Berkin's murderers!" shouted one protester as he threw stones at police lines.
Clouds of tear gas also wafted near the Tarlabasi district, a neighborhood of crumbling buildings adjoining Taksim, which is heavily populated by migrants and subject of a government regeneration plan.
A protester flashes a victory sign as fireworks explode near a police water cannon during a May Day demonstration in Istanbul May 1, 2014. REUTERS
UNIONS DEFIANT
Erdoğan said last week he would not let unions march on Taksim and the government suggested instead the gathering should take place at a venue on the outskirts of Istanbul. The unions rejected that idea.
"We will be in Taksim despite the irrational and illegal ban. All roads will lead to Taksim on May Day, and our struggle for labor, equality, freedom, justice and peace will continue," the main unions said in a joint statement on Wednesday.
On the main Istiklal shopping street leading to Taksim, hundreds of police, some in plain clothes others in riot gear, sat outside shuttered shops. Disgruntled tourists were searched at dozens of police checkpoints thrown up around the square.
A man uses crutches as he walks in front of riot police during a May Day demonstration in Istanbul May 1, 2014. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
"This is supposed to be a friendly place for tourists. This is a terrible way to treat visitors," said Mustafa, from Cairo.
The authorities issued a similar ban last year, leading to thousands of anti-government protesters fighting with police as they tried to breach barricades around the huge square, which in previous years was a focal point for labor demonstrations.
That violence was followed by mass protests that spread across Turkey late last May, in one of the biggest challenges to Erdoğan's rule since his AK Party came to power in 2002.
A protester, with cream applied to his face to protect against tear gas, reacts during a May Day demonstration in Istanbul May 1, 2014. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
"Give up your hope of Taksim," Erdoğan said at a meeting of his ruling AK Party lawmakers in parliament last week.
The prime minister has in the past dismissed protesters as "riff-raff" and "terrorists" and pointed to his AK Party's strong showing in elections.
The AK Party dominated the electoral map in municipal elections on March 30, retaining control of both Istanbuland the capital Ankara despite the corruption scandal and last summer's unrest.
A protester falls on the ground after being hit by water from a police water cannon during a May Day demonstration in Istanbul May 1, 2014. REUTERS
During a visit to Turkey earlier this week, German President Joachim Gauck called on Turkish authorities to protect peoples' right to demonstrate, drawing an angry response from Erdoğan, who accused him of interfering in domestic politics.
Other cities in Turkey were calm early on Thursday, although there was a heavy police presence in the center of Ankara.
(Additional reporting by Murad Sezer and Umit Bektas; Writing by Jonny Hogg; Editing by Nick Tattersall and Janet Lawrence)
The year 2017 brought both despair and hope for the Indian renewable energy sector. The auctions in the wind energy sector triggered a wave of disruption. Capacity additions came to a halt as the success of auctions transformed the way states procure wind power—moving from feed-in tariffs to auction-based purchases.
The transformation inflicted much pain. States became wary of the power purchasing agreements (PPAs) already signed at higher rates. Hit by buyer's remorse, some sought to renegotiate high tariff contracts while some resorted to purchase back-downs. Back-downs refer to the buyers stopping, deferring, or reducing power offtake.
Meanwhile challenges in the broader sector became more apparent. Execution delays, evacuation problems, payment delays, and arm-twisting by the procurers exploring the loopholes in PPAs came to the fore, denting investor confidence.
Just as India's renewable energy mission was thought to be losing steam, the government stepped in to reassure the stakeholders.
It reiterated the focus on renewable energy, releasing the capacity additions road map.
Further, the central government sought to address industry concerns by issuing strictures against PPA renegotiations and incorporating safeguards for developers against purchase back-downs and payment delays in auction guidelines.
Still, skepticism remains. As Raj Prabhu, chief executive officer of Mercom Capital Group, a clean energy communications firm, points out, much depends on implementation. “If they can tender 17GW as promised by next March, development activity will get going again. But, as we have seen before, the government tends to be better at announcing big numbers than actually implementing it on the ground." GW is short for gigawatt. It equals 1,000 megawatts (MW).
U.B. Reddy, managing director and chief executive officer of Enerfra Projects (India) Pvt. Ltd, says even as auction guidelines provide safeguards to the developers, it has to be seen how quickly a legal resolution can be found in the event of a default in payments by the buying party in a PPA (usually government utilities).
Further, Reddy adds that grid connectivity and lack of clarity on charges remains a major issue. According to Mercom's Prabhu, hundreds of MW of solar capacities are complete but cannot be commissioned due to a lack of grid infrastructure and evacuation issues. “There is a huge communication gap between policies announced on paper by the central government and implementation challenges experienced by state agencies," he adds.
Reddy of Enerfra points out that the bidders of the wind auction in February are yet to get clarity on interstate transmission charge. “The bidders assumed there will be no charge to them, but PGCIL (Power Grid Corp. of India Ltd) has correctly said they need to be compensated in some manner. This charge can be quite high, leading to a major gap in understanding between various parties," Reddy adds.
Then there is uncertainty surrounding the anti-dumping duty on solar panels and equipment. With most of the equipment currently imported, industry participants are worried that the imposition of anti-dumping duty will trip their capacity addition plans, raising costs and questions about project viability.
Overall, much needs to be resolved. The government has shown its intent in ensuring that the sector continues to grow. It needs to show more action on that front in 2018 for investor confidence to recover.
Police in the Czech Republic have detained a Russian man suspected of participating in the breach of LinkedIn user information in 2012, the company said Wednesday.
FBI helps capture suspected Russian hacker in Czech Republic
Czech police said the Russian was arrested in cooperation with the FBI within 12 hours, thanks to a rapid exchange of information with American officials. The arrest took place on Oct. 5. It was not immediately clear why the Czech authorities waited so long to publicize it.
The man was only identified as Yevgeniy N. in police video of the arrest.
Multiple CBS News sources in the U.S. said the arrest was not related to the hack of Democratic National Committee emails, which has become a major theme in the American presidential campaign ahead of the Nov. 8 election.
“Following the 2012 breach of LinkedIn member information, we have remained actively involved with the FBI's case to pursue those responsible,” LinkedIn said in a statement. “We are thankful for the hard work and dedication of the FBI in its efforts to locate and capture the parties believed to be responsible for this criminal activity.”
According to the statement from the Czech police, the country's judiciary was considering extraditing the man to the U.S., but Justice Department officials in Washington said they were unaware of the arrest or any extradition request.
The police said the man had been travelling with a woman in “a very expensive car” prior to his arrest, which they said came as a surprise to him.
A screengrab from video released by Czech police shows a man identified only as a Russian hacking suspect being taken into custody at a restaurant, Oct. 18, 2016, in Prague. Czech police
Video released by the police showed the man being taken into custody at a cafe or restaurant, in the company of a young woman. Subsequent video shows him being walked to a vehicle in handcuffs. Both video clips bear a date stamp of Oct. 5, 2016.
Police said he fainted and was hospitalized after his arrest.
New Clinton emails raise questions about nominee
News of the arrests comes in the wake of WikiLeaks saying it has some 50,000 Hillary Clinton campaign emails.
In what appears to have been a coincidence, two days after the arrest in Prague, WikiLeaks began leaking the personal emails of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. The group said it would release emails every day until Election Day.
Podesta acknowledged his emails were hacked, but has not verified the authenticity of the emails. He warned that messages may have been altered or edited to inflict political damage but has not pointed to any specific case of this.
It hasn't been proven who hacked Podesta's emails, though U.S. intelligence officials have blamed the Russian government for a series of breaches intended to influence the presidential election, and the FBI is investigating the breach.
Through its Twitter account, the Russian Embassy in Washington has denied any role in the cyberattacks, suggesting U.S. officials are just “whipping up” anti-Russia hysteria.
U.S. officials fear Russians will try to disrupt election
CBS News correspondent Jeff Pegues reported this week that, in spite of the denial, Russian hackers could pose a serious threat to the U.S. electoral system.
Two years ago, top Russian General Valery Gerasimov -- who has President Vladimir Putin's ear -- called for a new kind of warfare.
In a military journal, Gerasimov wrote of using covert and propaganda tactics to turn a “perfectly thriving state” into a victim of “foreign intervention” causing it to “sink into a web of chaos.”
Adam Meyers, the head of intelligence for cybersecurity firm Crowdstrike, told Pegues he believes Gerasimov's doctrine is behind the recent hacks of election databases and the Democratic National Committee.
“Imagine if, on election night, reports come out that cause people to think that the results of the election are questionable,” Meyers said.
He, and U.S. government officials, fear that's exactly what the Russians will try to do.
“All they need to do is call into question the results that come back from one district, one state, and that might cause such a reaction that they call for a complete recount,” said Meyers.
The messages stolen from Podesta's account describe how Clinton's closest advisers considered responding to key events during the campaign, including the discovery of her email server and her congressional testimony over the deadly 2012 attacks on a U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya, as well as excerpts from Clinton's paid Wall Street speeches.
The batches have also included emails from then-DNC vice chairwoman Donna Brazile which seem to show a preference for Clinton over other Democratic candidates.
CBS News justice reporter Paula Reid contributed to this report.
TAMPA, Fla. (Reuters) - A former Florida police officer was arrested and charged on Wednesday in the fatal shooting of a black musician after a grand jury found that he had used unjustified force.
A mourner cries at the funeral for Corey Jones at the Payne Chapel AME of West Palm Beach, Florida October 31, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Stocker/Pool
Nouman Raja was charged with manslaughter and attempted first-degree murder with a firearm, Palm Beach County State Attorney Dave Aronberg said at a news conference. If convicted, he could be sentenced to up to life in prison.
Raja, 38, was fired from the Palm Beach Gardens Police Department after the Oct. 18 shooting of 31-year-old Corey Jones. In late April, Aronberg said he would turn evidence over to a grand jury since his office's investigation had been inconclusive.
Jones' death contributed to the national debate over the use of excessive force by law enforcement officers.
John Kazanjian, president of the Palm Beach County Police Benevolent Association, which is representing Raja, declined to comment. He said the organization would answer questions at a news conference on Thursday.
Raja, who was driving an unmarked van and wearing plain clothes when he approached Jones in the early morning hours, fired six shots at Jones within 13 seconds, according to a probable because affidavit released by prosecutors on Wednesday.
Jones, who was hit three times, died of a gunshot wound to his chest, it said.
According to the affidavit, Jones never fired a .380 caliber handgun that was recovered at the scene, which he had purchased legally three days earlier.
Audio from the shooting was captured on a recording of a roadside assistance call Jones had placed after his vehicle broke down before Raja arrived. According to the affidavit, the recording showed that Raja had not identified himself as a police officer. It said he was unaware of the open call.
“The homicide of Corey Jones occurred as a result of Officer Raja's culpably negligent actions,” the affidavit said.
Jones' family said in a statement released by an attorney, “While we understand that nothing can bring back our son, brother and friend, this arrest sends a message that this conduct will not be tolerated from members of law enforcement.”
PALM BAY, Fla. - An 18-year-old man was jailed in Brevard County after being accused of stuffing a $1.29 Iced Honey Bun down his pants and leaving a store.
Brandon Phillips was arrested on misdemeanor charges of retail petit theft, resisting arrest without violence and resisting in the recovery of merchandise.
[SEE THESE? Woman auctions off virginity -- to help mom | Foods that make you grumpy]
According to Palm Bay police, Phillips stuffed the Honey Bun into his sweatpants while he was inside the 7-Eleven at 6405 Minton Road on Dec. 28.
A store manager told police that he witnessed the theft and confronted Phillips, who fled on a bicycle.
Palm Bay police, using a K-9, found Phillips in a wooded lot on Northeast Battersea Avenue and arrested him. Phillips' bike was found nearby, police said.
The Honey Bun was not located.
[PHOTOS: Fla. mug shots | Mug shot hall of shame | Celeb mug shots]
Watch Local 6 News for more on this story.
Copyright 2013 by ClickOrlando.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
× Facebook Safety Check for Pakistan malfunctions
NEW YORK – Facebook activated its Safety Check after a suicide bomber in Pakistan left scores dead. But the feature malfunctioned, prompting users thousands of miles from the blast to tell friends they were safe.
Social media was flooded with confused Facebook users who'd received a notification Sunday morning reading: “Are you OK? It looks like you're in the area affected by The Explosion in Gulshan-i-Iqbal Park, Lahore, Pakistan. Let your friends know that you're safe.”
Got this message from Facebook asking if I was ok. It seems to think I'm in Lahore, Pakistan. I'm in Annandale, Va. pic.twitter.com/IgpYMXoxu5 — Michael D. Shear (@shearm) March 27, 2016
It was unclear how widespread the issue was, although it appeared to primarily affect users in the U.S. and UK.
“Unfortunately, many people not affected by the crisis [in Pakistan] received a notification asking if they were OK,” a Facebook statement read. “This kind of bug is counter to the product's intent.”
Facebook just asked me if I am okay after an explosion in Pakistan, I mean…I'm 6000km away ¯_(ツ)_/¯ pic.twitter.com/ivxEHJjNpR — Gunnar Oden (@GunnarOden) March 27, 2016
Facebook said it had “worked quickly to resolve the issue.”
Facebook first launched its Safety Check feature in 2014 for people to mark themselves or others as “Safe,” “Not in the area,” or “Unsafe” following natural disasters. The terrorist attacks in Paris last November were the first time the feature was used after a man-made disaster. Facebook says it's still testing the feature for that use.
Apparently Facebook thinks I was in an explosion in Pakistan today pic.twitter.com/1f6vUdU9mw — El Drakken (@El_Drakken) March 27, 2016
In recent months, the feature was activated during floods in Chennai, earthquakes in northeast India and southern Taiwan, and terrorist attacks in Nigeria and Turkey. It was also launched after the terrorist attacks in Brussels last week.
Read more about the Brussels attacks here.
Facebook says that in 2015 more than 950 million people received a notification that a friend was safe.
“Death Note: Light Up the NEW World” Full Summary and Details!
SPOILERS! MAJOR SPOILERS!
I wrote out the entire plot summary and details for scenes for the new Death Note film.
The film basically opens up with Ryuk stating that the because of Kira's presence 10 years ago, the shinigami are bored again. Therefore, 6 of them decide to drop their notebooks to earth. One of the notebooks lands in Russia. The Russian man is a doctor who has a patient who wants to die. He is out of options and decides to write down his patient's name. The patient instantly dies and he starts using the notebook to do mercy killings on people who want to die.
Then the movie rapid cuts through the fact that Death Notes are being used again, Ryuzaki is on the case, and the Kira Task Force is formed again. It's really fast.
Then, it cuts to Shibuya with a new character named Aoi Sakura who has a notebook. She goes into the city and using the eyes of the shinigami, she starts a mass killing spree. It's really intense. As she is killing people, Ryuzaki is there with a gun, but before he fires, she drops dead of a heart attack as another Kira killed her.
Here we meet the new task force and a shinigami named Bepo. They discuss that they must work with Ryuzaki to obtain all of the Death Notes. Masuda doesn't want it too last long as he is still recovering over the old use of the Death Notes as well as the fact that Yagami Light was Kira.
We learn that a cyberterrorist named Shien who is a diehard fanatic and has developed a video that has Light in it delivering a message with the main point of “I am Kira. Kira is god. Humans can't win.”
This causes a huge panic. During which, we find out that Misa Amane has become a successful actress. After finishing a film, she goes back to her room and there is a cell phone that is in hidden in a potato chip bag. It has the voice of Light and he says “This notebook is yours.” (Referring to a package in her room). It's actually Shien, who designed an app to alter his voice to Light's. When Misa touches the Death Note, she has all of her memories come back. Instead of screaming or freaking out, she is very upset. She is conflicted that she now has 10 years of her life where she was innocent battling with the fact that she was once Kira II. This is my favorite plot point of the entire film. She meets up with Shien, but refuses to help him.
The task force track Shien down to an apartment due to a trap they made using an image of L Lawliet and (poorly done) CGI on his mouth. When the task force gets to the apartment, nobody is there. However, Masuda hears Light calling from inside a closet. He enters the room to find another cell phone with a piece of paper next to it. The paper reads: “Masuda enters the room after hearing a familiar voice. Upon entering, he removes his mask, turns to his comrades, and shoots himself in the head.” Masuda dies and the team is upset. The Japanese government fears what will happen to the rest of them.
Throughout this time, the Death Notes are either in the hands of the Task Force or Shien.
It's revealed also that Ryuzaki obtained one of the Death Notes in secret and he has a somewhat romantic relationship with his shinigami named Ama. Mishima figures out he has a notebook and confronts him about it. After the two fight, Ryuzaki says that he promised L that he would never use the notebook.
Ryuzaki arranges a meeting with Shien where he will show his identity. They both want to obtain all 6 notebooks. During the meeting, in the chaos, Ryuzaki turns to find Misa writing his name. He collapses from a heart attack. Shien grabs the notebooks and tells Misa that they have to go. Misa refuses saying that he will have to carry on Light's legacy. Misa kills the remaining task force who are chasing her and Shien.
Misa is overwhelmed with guilt. She leaves the building and sits on the curb as she looks up into the sky. She has tears in her eyes and as she does, the camera pans down to her hand that reads: “Misa Amane, upon leaving the building, goes out to see memories of her beloved one as she dies peacefully.” This was an extremely powerful scene and I actually cried here.
Shien went to this abandoned building on the outskirts of Tokyo. Mishima appears to arrest Shien (who just got the eyes of the shinigami for himself.) However, Ryuzaki comes soon after and says he isn't dead because like L, he wrote his own name in the notebook to insure that he couldn't be killed. Mishima gets a hold on the notebook and has a flashback. His memories come back and it is revealed that he was the original Kira. He was saved by Kira 10 years ago and had started the killings again. In the notebook he received there was a special file that Light made with his message on it. Upon setting things into motion, he tells Ryuk to give it to a cyberterrorist that he has been investigating. This is, of course, Shien. So he set everything in motion.
However, the police have followed the three there with a riot team and helicopter. They are out to kill and while Shien realizes that Kira is with him. He gives his notebook to Mishima. Shien uses spare pages and the eyes of the shinigami to kill the riot squad. Ryuk helps by removing their masks. However, Shien is overwhelmed and gunned down.
Ryuzaki and Mishima flee with the notebooks, but are confronted by the police. Ama stops one of the officers from killing the two and turns into sand. Mishima is arrest.
As the officers take Mishima, Ryuk states that he doesn't care what happens to Mishima. If he gets bored again then he will just drop the notebook again and again. Ryuk is not worried about how often he puts Death Notes onto earth.
Here's where it gets confusing. In prison, Mishima is confronted by Ryuzaki. Ryuzaki states that the power of Kira is still not well known to the public. Mishima is let free to work on the task force to prevent any future incidents of Death Notes…. I think. It was VERY confusing and hinted that maybe Ryuzaki secretly handed off a notebook. I am sorry, but my friend and I were unsure. Ryuzaki dies from writing his name in the notebook.
Mishima walks into the new world that has formed.
Basically the people who die are:
Aoi Sakura – Killed by Shien
Many many many criminals, innocent people, and people wishing to die – Killed by various people
Masuda – Killed by Shien
Amane Misa – Killed by herself when overwhelmed with guilt
The Task Force – Killed by Misa
Shien – Killed by riot squad
Ama – killed by saving a human with the notebook
Ryuzaki – killed himself in the same way L died in Death Note: The Last Name and L: Change the WorLd
Senate Democrats are sending mixed signals about whether they'll give the long-term jobless more help beyond the 99 weeks of unemployment benefits available in some states. Without more weeks of benefits, more than a million people will lose their only lifeline in coming months.
The Senate has already gone through two epic battles just to extend the existing benefits, and now some senators are indicating they don't have the stomach for helping the unemployed even more.
"You can't go on forever," Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus (D-Mont.) told Bloomberg on Thursday, citing the politics of breaking 100 weeks and also the need for deficit reduction. "I think 99 weeks is sufficient."
But unemployed constituents are getting a more encouraging message from some senators' offices. In response to constituents concerned about exhausting benefits, Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), a member of Senate leadership, has a letter expressing firm support for adding more weeks of benefits after securing the current extensions for the rest of the year.
"Once I ensure that every New Yorker receives the full 99 weeks to which they are entitled," said the letter, posted by the Rochester Unemployment Examiner (and confirmed as valid by HuffPost), "I will work with my colleagues to create a fifth tier of benefits. More than 25,000 New Yorkers have exhausted the full 99 weeks of benefits and I am committed to providing them further relief."
Unemployed folks tell Huffington Post they heard similarly encouraging words from staffers for Ohio Democrat Sen. Sherrod Brown (a spokeswoman confirmed that Brown supports more weeks) and mildly supportive talk from other Democrats' offices, including that of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (R-Nev.) -- but nothing definitive.
It's called Tier 5. To fight the recession, Congress has added four tiers totaling 53 weeks of federally-funded benefits, called "Emergency Unemployment Compensation," to the 46 weeks of benefits made available by states. To people facing the end of their benefits with no jobs in sight, it's essential that Congress adds a fifth tier.
HuffPost called Reid's Reno office and asked what was happening with Tier 5. "They're still negotiating this further extension," a staffer said. "I have not heard anything specific about adding a Tier 5. I have heard some senators say they wouldn't pass an extension unless it had that, I have heard other senators say they will never vote for an extension if it has a Tier 5."
Both the House and Senate have passed measures extended eligibility for existing benefits through the end of the year, but the measures need to be reconciled and voted on again in each chamber. Reid's office has said that that will happen before the end of May, which is when the current stopgap extension will expire. When asked about adding a Tier 5, members of Congress typically say they need to focus on getting the the full-year extension finished before adding extra weeks.
Aside from Baucus's insistence that it shouldn't be done, the most definitive statement about Tier 5 has come from Sen. Tom Coburn, the Oklahoma Republican who in the name of deficit reduction obstructed the most recent effort to reauthorize the existing 99 weeks of benefits.
"We have 99 weeks of unemployment compensation out there right now -- and we're gonna move that to 103, and then we're going to move it even further," Coburn said in March. Congressional leaders declined to comment on adding weeks.
Every utterance about Tier 5 is closely tracked by the unemployed, who have formed several communities online where they analyze what's happening in Washington -- and discuss how they might influence it. One enterprising layoff victim has been encouraging her fellow unemployed to bombard D.C. offices with faxed resumes.
"The number of people exhausting all levels of benefits is increasing every single week," said Judy Conti, a lobbyist for the National Employment Law Project. "This is a highly motivated group of people who are making their political and financial needs known to their representatives."
In California, 100,000 people have already exhausted their benefits. State officials told Bloomberg that people who've exhausted 99 weeks include 57,000 New Yorkers (a higher number than in Schumer's letter), 130,000 Floridians, and 30,000 Ohioans.
The unemployed will no doubt be assaulted with arguments that benefits keep them from looking for work. That argument misses the point: "In terms of the relationship between extended benefits and unemployment, I'm sure that shorter benefits will cause the current group of unemployed to be unemployed for less time," said Dean Baker, co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research. "However in the context of inadequate demand, this just means that they might be able to find a job, displacing someone else who would otherwise have the job."
The government announced Friday morning that the economy grew at 3.2 percent in the first quarter of 2010 -- not fast enough to put all those people back to work.
Sydney Downing Centre court placed in lockdown after machete scare
Updated
A man has been arrested and a machete removed from a Sydney court after an incident that sparked a security lockdown.
The man in his 20s was seen lying on the floor in the foyer of the Downing Centre court complex surrounded by police after 10:00am.
After entering the CBD court complex, the man reportedly told people to "get on the ground".
It is believed people in the building were told to stay on the ground, and some may have hidden under their desks during the incident.
During the incident, a female police officer drew her gun and pointed at the man, a male court staff member told AAP.
"That's when I decided I was going down on to the floor," the employee said.
The man was led to a police van in handcuffs a short time later.
A police officer was seen leaving the court carrying a black machete.
Another officer seized items including a pair of boots and a camera — both believed to belong to the man — from a security screening area inside the building.
A number of police are still outside the court building, which remains closed to the public.
The court complex has since reopened.
AAP
Topics: law-crime-and-justice, sydney-2000
First posted
CALGARY – Suncor Energy has raised the stock portion of its takeover offer for Canadian Oil Sands (COS) by 12 per cent, resulting in a $6.6-billion friendly deal that ends a public battle between the two Calgary-based companies.
Suncor is now offering to exchange 0.28 of a share for each share of Canadian Oil Sands – up from 0.25 of a Suncor share per COS share.
Because the offer is primarily an exchange of shares, its monetary value will fluctuate. Based on Friday's closing stock price for Suncor stock, the new offer was worth $8.74 per COS share, up from $7.81 under the original formula.
The stock portion would be worth $4.2 billion, up from $3.8 billion under the old formula, if all COS shares are tendered. The total value of the deal includes $2.4 billion in debt that Suncor will assume.
The companies issued a joint statement saying both boards of directors and major Canadian Oil Sands investor Seymour Schulich are supporting the revised offer, which will expire at 4 p.m. MT (6 p.m. ET) on Feb. 5 – nine days later than the Jan. 27 deadline that Suncor set after its original bid failed to win sufficient support from COS shareholders.
Schulich had lobbied against the previous Suncor bid and bought full-page ads in several major newspapers to advise fellow shareholders to reject the price they were originally offered.
“Since Suncor made its initial offer, our board has remained steadfast in our commitment to maximize value for all shareholders. This agreement fulfills that commitment, providing our shareholders with a higher exchange ratio for their shares despite a 37 per cent decline in spot oil prices,” Don Lowry, chairman of Canadian Oil Sands, said Monday.
Schulich said in the same statement that he encouraged other COS shareholders to join him in accepting the new offer, which is still subject to certain conditions.
Suncor wants at least 51 per cent of the COS shares – a relaxed condition since the original had sought at least 66.6 per cent. The Canadian Oil Sands board has agreed to pay a $130 million break fee to Suncor if certain conditions aren't met.
If accepted, Suncor will become by far the largest shareholder in the Syncrude oilsands complex, which is operated by Imperial Oil.
“We are pleased to have the support of the COS board of directors and shareholders, including Seymour Schulich, and have been advised of their intent to tender their shares” Suncor president and CEO Steve Williams said.
“Together, we're bringing this full, fair and final offer to COS shareholders and we encourage everyone to tender their shares.”
Despite violently assaulting a man because he was a "white boy Trump supporter," no hate crime charges are being filed against four thugs who were filmed beating and carjacking an innocent man in Chicago earlier this month.
From the Chicago Tribune:
Four people have been charged after a man was punched and kicked as a crowd yelled, “Don't vote Trump," a day after the presidential election, police said.
Julian Christian, 26, of the 2500 block of 14th Avenue in Broadview, Dejuan Collins, 20, of the 9500 block of South Avalon Avenue in Chicago, Rajane Lewis, 21, of the 7800 block of South Euclid Avenue in Chicago, and a 17-year-old girl who is charged as a juvenile, were each charged with one felony count of vehicular hijacking, police said.
A video of the incident went viral and the victim, 49-year-old David Wilcox, acknowledged he supports Donald Trump but said that's not what started the beating on the West Side.
Julian Christian, 26, from left, Dejuan Collins, 20, and Rajane Lewis, 21, and an unidentified 17-year-old where charged with vehicular hijacking in a Nov. 9, 2016, incident caught on video where a man was beaten and later dragged as he held on to the window of his car on Chicago's West Side. Where are the hate crime charges? Does anyone believe such charges would not be filed if the races were reversed?
Hopefully, when Attorney General Jeff Sessions gets in he can remedy this situation.
Follow InformationLiberation on Twitter and Facebook.
This post originally appeared on Artsy.net.
There are many ways to take stock of influence in the art world—critical reception, popularity, and market prowess are among them. As the art world continues to expand, that becomes all the more difficult. We're in a moment of regionalization—with art scenes thriving in São Paulo, Singapore, and Istanbul—as much as we are in one of consolidation around the global financial capitals of New York and London, with a core contingent of the art world making a yearly migration, crisscrossing the globe to visit them all. Here, we've crunched Planet Art's data on contemporary art's most mentioned cities in the media in 2015, pulled figures on fairs, museums, and galleries, and racked our editors' brains to rank the art world capitals of 2015.
01 New York City
1,000+ Galleries in 2015
75+ Art museums and institutions
30+ Art fairs 2015
It's hard to find an art-related stat in which New York City fails to come out on top. The city is home to more galleries and more major art institutions than any other. And its marketplace is bigger than others by a large measure. Two-thirds of auction sales over $1 million take place in the city, and all 10 of the most expensive works purchased at auction in 2015 were sold from the New York sale rooms of Christie's and Sotheby's (all but two from the former). For the Armory Show and Independent art fairs in March, and Frieze New York in May, the city welcomes swarms of international galleries and collectors to its grid. But while impressive, that all says little about the wealth of artists that continue to call New York their home, with studios and artist-run spaces dotting the outer boroughs—and Manhattan too.
02 London
500+ Galleries in 2015
60+ Art museums and institutions
10+ Art fairs 2015
Over the past decade, the London contemporary art scene has taken a spiking, upward turn. Thanks in no small part to the city's ability to attract the global elite, international galleries including David Zwirner, Pace, Gagosian, and Marian Goodman have all opened shop within London's limits as the stock of the city's native dealers—Lisson, Sadie Coles HQ, and White Cube among them—soars. Then, of course, there's Frieze London. The 13-year-old fair brings the art world to the British capital in droves each October, and since 2012, Frieze Masters has added historical weight to the week. From Whitechapel Gallery, to the Royal Academy of Arts, to the Tate, the city's museums at least rival those of New York. Tate Modern's Turbine Hall and the installations within it have done much of the heavy lifting for all invested in the promotion of culture by bringing vast new swaths of the public into a contemporary art institution.
Benjamin Westoby for Artsy Exterior view of Frieze London.
03 Miami + Miami Beach
75+ Galleries in 2015
10+ Art museums and Institutions
20+ Art fairs 2015 IN 2015
Though Miami's wealth of private collections—from Don and Mera Rubell to Ella Fontanals-Cisneros—and increasingly acclaimed institutions like the Pérez Art Museum Miami (PAMM) are elevating the city's cultural stock, it's in December that an avalanche of attention hits South Beach thanks to Art Basel in Miami Beach. The city serves as the art market's gateway to Latin and South America, and numerous satellite fairs and fêtes have joined the 14-year-old main event to mark a tropical send-off to the art-world calendar.
04 Venice
40+ Galleries in 2015
10+ Art museums and institutions
0 Art fairs in 2015
The art world touched down in Venice once again this May for the 56th Biennale, with its central exhibition, “All the World's Futures,” headed up by Haus der Kunst director Okwui Enwezor. For the past 120 years, the biennale has been a touchstone for artistic progress, from Filippo Tommaso Marinetti dropping his Futurist Manifesto from the clocktower in 1909 to Marina Abramović's 1997 “Balkan Baroque.” This year was no different, with Christoph Büchel's conversion of the city's Santa Maria della Misericordia church into a mosque both touching a nerve and driving social practice forward, while Simon Denny's NSA-centric New Zealand pavilion plumbed the politics of data.
Alex John Beck for Artsy Katharina Grosse at the 56th Venice Biennale
05 Paris
500+ Galleries in 2015
60+ Art museums and institutions
5+ Art fairs in 2015
Europe's longtime home of culture, Paris welcomes the art world each October for the Grande Dame of art fairs, FIAC—and, this year, the impressive young upstart Paris Internationale. Meanwhile, its host of influential gallerists, from Thaddaeus Ropac to Emmanuel Perrotin, and institutions like the Centre Pompidou and the Palais de Tokyo bolster the critical conversation year-round. Exhibition highlights in 2015 ranged from Mona Hatoum's retrospective at the former to Ugo Rondinone's homage to John Giorno at the latter.
06 Berlin
400+ Galleries in 2015
35+ Art museums and institutions
3+ Art fairs in 2015
Known first as a home to artists and artistic production, Berlin is in many respects the conceptual soul of contemporary art. Its galleries—which range from Esther Schipper, neugerriemschneider, Galerie Neu, and KÖNIG GALERIE to younger programs influencing art's cutting edge like Tanya Leighton, Supportico Lopez, and PSM—take that remit seriously. And while April's Gallery Weekend and September's Berlin Art Week may attract the biggest amount of attention to the city each year, Berlin remains a key locale across the calendar for anyone in the art world keen to know what's next.
07 Los Angeles
200+ Galleries in 2015
20+ Art museums and institutions
3+ Art fairs in 2015
Though the Southland is home to art fairs Art Los Angeles Contemporary (ALAC), Paris Photo LA, and Paramount Ranch, it's the city's recent mass-influx of artists that has perhaps drawn the most fervent art-world attention. 2015 was an especially good year among the past few for the city's upward trajectory. Galleries like New York's Maccarone, London and Berlin's Sprüth Magers, and Hauser & Wirth all announced or opened new L.A. outposts. Meanwhile, in September, the city's biggest artistic benefactors, Eli and Edythe Broad, opened The Broad, a $140 million new home for their collection, to critical acclaim.
08 Basel + Zürich
75+ Galleries in 2015
15+ Art museums and institutions
10+ Art fairs in 2015
Though Basel and Zürich both have vibrant art scenes in their own right, the mere hour-long commute between the pair (less than half of what it often takes to cross L.A.) means that an art-focused trip to one almost always includes the other. Such is the case each June when the art world stops off in Zürich for its annual gallery weekend ahead of the art market megalith that is Art Basel in Basel. The latter's location on the borders Switzerland, France, and Germany (and its resulting status as a free port) place it in the midst of Europe's deepest pockets. Meanwhile, the cities' highly influential Kunsthalle Basel and Kunsthalle Zürich set the tone for contemporary art's future.
Alec Bastian for Artsy Art Basel 2015
09 Hong Kong
50+ Galleries in 2015
5+ Art museums and institutions
4+ Art fairs in 2015
Art Basel christened Hong Kong a major art-world capital in 2013 when they purchased ART HK, which moved to March under its new moniker this year. The city, which serves as Asia's economic hub, has for some time been in the crosshairs of the major auction houses, with Christie's opening a gallery in 2010 and Sotheby's in 2012. An increasing number of major galleries like Gagosian, Simon Lee, and Lehmann Maupin have set up outposts in the city. Museums like the forthcoming M+ are being developed at a rapid pace. And new fairs are opening like Art Central, which became Art Basel in Hong Kong's first satellite in 2015. All that momentum makes Hong Kong one of art's buzziest centers, with all eyes on where the city will go next.
10 São Paulo
40+ Galleries in 2015
10+ Art museums and institutions
2+ Art fairs in 2015
Though 2015 did not include an edition of the ever-influential São Paulo Biennial—Jochen Volz's “Incerteza viva” (“Live Uncertainty”), the biennial's 32nd edition, will take place next fall—Brazil's financial center remains South America's first city for art. That's thanks to April's SP-Arte and a host of influential galleries such as Mendes Wood DM, Galeria Nara Roesler, Galeria Jaqueline Martins, and Galeria Fortes Vilaça. The rapid economic growth that characterized Brazil's last decade or so has taken something of a nose-dive in the past year, putting the brakes on Brazilian collecting habits. Still, those dealers and the country's artists continue to hold a strong position on the international art radar.
11 Singapore
40+ Galleries in 2015
5+ Museums and institutions
3+ Art fairs in 2015
It's hardly surprising that a city with such economic might as Singapore would attract a hefty art scene. Major investments have been made in the country's cultural infrastructure in recent years, including the 2012 opening of Gillman Barracks, which brought in international galleries such as ARNDT, Pearl Lam, Sundaram Tagore, and ShanghART. The city hosts Southeast Asia's biggest fair, Art Stage Singapore. And, in November 2015, the National Gallery Singapore opened its doors. The city-state's first major art museum merged the former City Hall and Supreme Court buildings and welcomed over 170,000 visitors in its first two weeks.
12 Istanbul
30+ Galleries in 2015
10+ Art museums and institutions
3+ ART FAIRS IN 2015
dOCUMENTA (13)'s beloved artistic director Carolyn Christov-Bakargiev curated the 14th Istanbul Biennial this year, drawing all eyes to the Bosphorus's shores this fall. While the Syrian conflict, ISIS's rise, and the ensuing refugee crisis is said to have kept some away from the biennial and Istanbul's two major market events (ARTINTERNATIONAL and Contemporary Istanbul), the city's unique position between East and West continues to make it a rich context for art to unfold within.
Barış Özçetin for Artsy View of Istanbul.
13 Beijing
75+ Galleries in 2015
10+ Museums and institutions
2+ Art fairs in 2015
Shanghai may host mainland China's biggest market events—West Bund Art & Design, ART021, and Photo Shanghai—but Beijing remains the first city for artists in the world's second-most-powerful economy. The scene is centered in the 798 Arts District where major institutions like the Ullens Center for Contemporary Art (UCCA) abut dealers like Galerie Urs Meile, Galleria Continua, Long March Space, and de Sarthe Gallery. And the capital appears poised for an even greater renaissance, with Chinese artists and art professionals flocking back home to ride the tide.
14 Brussels
75+ Galleries in 2015
15+ Art museums and institutions
5+ Art fairs in 2015
Known for its significant collector base—likely the world's highest concentration in any one metropole—and their penchant for emerging art, Brussels boasts an enviable bunch of galleries from established outfits like Xavier Hufkens, Meessen de Clercq, and Almine Rech to cutting-edge youngsters like Super Dakota, C L E A R I N G, and LEVY.DELVAL. Each April Art Brussels welcomes those outfits and a host of others from around the world to Belgium. And while buzz was high this year, with news that the fair is moving to a new location in 2016, the former industrial site Tour & Taxis, and that New York's beloved Independent art fair is launching a Brussels edition around the same time, the city is definitely one to keep an eye on in the future.
15 Detroit
20+ Galleries in 2015
2+ Art museums and institutions
0 Art fairs in 2015
Detroit has been lauded as America's Berlin for the past several years. And despite the fact that L.A. likely has great claim to that title, the Motor City continues to attract alternative spaces looking to jump the coasts' hustle (and steep rents). Most notably, Galapagos Art Space set down in Motown this year after ditching their Brooklyn digs. (In 2016, they'll launch Detroit's first-ever biennial.) Detroit also serves as a stand-in on this list for the many emerging art capitals worldwide, from Mexico City to Mumbai, Bogotá to Beirut, and beyond that are in the midst of explosions of artistic activity and may well break into this list in 2016.
Apparently enough time had passed that Goodell felt safe occasionally firing his commissioner-speak into the void without his mentions being too oppressively bad. Either that, or Twitter made it a requirement of their streaming deal that he resume semi-regular posting schedule. I'm willing to believe the latter.
For a guy whose main function is to take lumps from fans and the media so the league's owners don't have to, he's remarkably loath to do it in a public forum. He's a coward, we all know this, and frankly it would be a little jarring for him to act differently now.
What happens if Goodell actually shows? Pat fans can boo him when the camera flashes shots of the commissioner sitting in a luxury box and feel some satisfaction getting to chant RAWD-JAH, RAWD-JAH in the waning minutes of a Patriots victory, if in fact that's what plays out. It's not like that chant won't happen anyway, and that the commissioner won't be aware of it, even if he isn't physically in the stadium.
I'm sure there would be some small amount of catharsis for Pats fans in getting to yell at Goodell in person. Is that ultimately as satisfying as the ability to continue to nurture a persecution complex about their favorite team? For Boston fans, I'm willing to be the answer is almost certainly not. For a team so connected to Donald Trump, it makes sense for much of its followers to continually believe they're showing up the haters and losers.
Besides, the ultimate retribution is still possible – having Goodell hand the Lombardi Trophy over to Bob Kraft, Tom Brady, and Bill Belichick after winning Super Bowl LI. Why waste the big payoff now? That said, if the commissioner delegated the trophy presentation duty to an underling that would be a truly impressive feat of cowardice, though we'll cross that bridge if and when we get to it.
Goodell would certainly be chagrined by that spectacle, but it's hard to believe behind the scenes that NFL headquarters wouldn't love it. The Patriots are a big ratings draw and the possibility of Goodell getting owned would be a delight to most fans. It might even help more than a few look past the fact that they're disgusted with another New England championship. Personally, it'd be more fun if Goodell were a more brazen antagonist of the Pats. A good villain would have retweeted Earl Thomas' remark about the Pats having an easier road to the Super Bowl than most, but The Rog is nothing is not perpetually disappointing and self-serious so that wasn't going to happen.
In the end, all the NFL really cares about is getting eyeballs on its product. The public got sick of Deflategate ages ago, and support for the Patriots outside their own fan base is not particularly high. People just want to see Goodell humiliated. If anything, that's the only aspect of this that makes Goodell's decision not to attend the Pats game on Sunday a curious one. It would be one more easy way to market a big game. Then again, why waste a good moment on a conference championship when you can milk it for all its worth for two weeks before a Super Bowl? If anyone knows an opportunity for excessive marketing, it's the NFL.
ROBLOX is working on a new feature that lets players change their character's clothes and preview their appearance in-game. User Experience Engineer Ben Tkacheff is here today to demonstrate the interface he developed and offer some insider information on how he used ROBLOX's tools to create it.
Part of the fun of ROBLOX is creating a persistent avatar and making it your own with the finest, most stylish ROBLOX attire. Traditionally, that customization happens on the ROBLOX website – outside the game engine – and requires you to enter a game to see whether the new-look suits your fancy. Now, we're polishing an interface that lets you change and preview your look in-game.
The in-game wardrobe change is a simple, intuitive feature. You'll just press the tilde (~) key or click the backpack button at the bottom of the screen to open the menu, then click the wardrobe tab to start dragging hats, heads, faces, shirts, pants and more onto your character. You'll be able to rotate your character so you can see how you look from every, important angle. Once you save your changes, we'll automatically update your thumbnail image on the ROBLOX website.
frameborder="0" allowfullscreen>
Demo: In-game wardrobe change interface. We'll be adding actual item icons for the official release.
We developed the feature using Lua, the same scripting language game creators use to write new gameplay and interfaces for their games. When approaching the design of the wardrobe interface, we wanted to ensure there were many ways for players to equip various wardrobe pieces to their character. For instance, drag and drop, right-click and left
double-click can all be used to adorn your character with an inventory item, giving all levels of users the best experience possible with the interface.
We also engineered the code as many small functions so we could re-use it for the various interaction methods; plus, it has the added advantage of better readability.
Game creators who don't want players to change their appearance – for example, in a game where players have team colors or uniforms – can choose not to allow it. The rest of the time, we believe you'll enjoy the convenience of changing your look on the fly.
Wes Clark Jr announced his decision to leave Veterans Stand for Standing Rock in a press release
Clark Jr. raised $1.2 million to use towards getting thousands of veterans to the Oceti Sakowin camp
In a press release it was stated that Clark Jr. did not have access to the Go Fund Me account
Michael Woods Jr is said to have all control over the Go Fund Me account
Woods Jr will be leading Veterans Stand and hopes to have an open record for accounting of the funds public as soon as possible
As the stand against the Dakota Access Pipeline continues in Standing Rock, questions and concerns overcrowd funded money raised are beginning to surface. The concerns are not just impacting the camps, but also the group of veterans that came to “Stand for Standing Rock.” Wes Clark Jr. led thousands of veterans into Standing Rock to stand alongside those who have been receiving inhumane and brutal treatment from the Morton County Sheriff's Department over the past months.
After the vets had arrived at camp, TDH was able to confirm that the plan was to march up to the drill pad and take it over. The original plan never happened though. Instead, thousands of veterans were brought in from around the country for basically nothing. Tribal elders prevented any attempt to go near the Blackwater Bridge where law enforcement created a barricade. In fact, it was said that the veterans that arrived were asked not to do anything at all.
The trip was a complete waste of an extremely powerful unification of veterans, Native Americans, and other water protectors in the area. A majority of the veterans simply sat in the Prairie Knights Casino for the larger chunk of the three-day trip.
In total, a Go Fund Me to get the veterans to Standing Rock raised $1.2 million dollars. With some veterans stranded and left going without necessities, questions were almost immediately raised in regards to Clark Jr.'s use of the money.
On December 9, Clark released a tweet stating “It's not a lot of money. Basic math.1.2 million, – 5% gofundme, -3% we pay/4.5k, $245 person. Without self supports impossible.”
In a recent press release from the Veterans Stand for Standing Rock, Clark Jr. announced he was separating himself from the group. It was announced that Michael A. Wood Jr. would now be in charge of Veterans Stand. Wood Jr. also stated that Clark Jr. never had access to the main Go Fund Me account.
As this mission wraps up Veterans Stand will transition into a 501C4, lead by Michael Wood Jr. And with those filings will come a CPA treasurer. All funds have been used towards the mission – hundreds have already been reimbursed, and an online form is being developed for those who still seek reimbursement. The mission has not completely wrapped up yet, and reimbursements will have to be priority-based as taxes must be set aside until the legal issues with the 501c4 are complete. Going forward Wes Clark Jr. has plans to branch off as the 27th Calvary as a spiritual mission based upon similar goals from different perspectives. He is no longer affiliated with Veterans Stand. But we will look forward to working together as we build separate organizations. While Clark Jr. did not have access to the main Go Fund Me account, it is not known if he accepted money from any other avenues during the fundraising process. Wood Jr did state that they would make an open record of accounting of the funds public as soon as possible. The press release can be read in its entirety below.
Wes Clark Jr. and Veterans Stand for Standing Rock Press Release by The Daily Haze on Scribd
Comments
comments
Paranoid was not only Black Sabbath's most popular record (it was a number one smash in the U.K., and "Paranoid" and "Iron Man" both scraped the U.S. charts despite virtually nonexistent radio play), it also stands as one of the greatest and most influential heavy metal albums of all time. Paranoid refined Black Sabbath's signature sound -- crushingly loud, minor-key dirges loosely based on heavy blues-rock -- and applied it to a newly consistent set of songs with utterly memorable riffs, most of which now rank as all-time metal classics. Where the extended, multi-sectioned songs on the debut sometimes felt like aimless jams, their counterparts on Paranoid have been given focus and direction, lending an epic drama to now-standards like "War Pigs" and "Iron Man" (which sports one of the most immediately identifiable riffs in metal history). The subject matter is unrelentingly, obsessively dark, covering both supernatural/sci-fi horrors and the real-life traumas of death, war, nuclear annihilation, mental illness, drug hallucinations, and narcotic abuse. Yet Sabbath makes it totally convincing, thanks to the crawling, muddled bleakness and bad-trip depression evoked so frighteningly well by their music. Even the qualities that made critics deplore the album (and the group) for years increase the overall effect -- the technical simplicity of Ozzy Osbourne's vocals and Tony Iommi's lead guitar vocabulary; the spots when the lyrics sink into melodrama or awkwardness; the lack of subtlety and the infrequent dynamic contrast. Everything adds up to more than the sum of its parts, as though the anxieties behind the music simply demanded that the band achieve catharsis by steamrolling everything in its path, including its own limitations. Monolithic and primally powerful, Paranoid defined the sound and style of heavy metal more than any other record in rock history.
THE man who turned the V8 Supercars from a “hell of a mess” into a global phenomenon now has equally bullish plans for the Gold Coast Suns.
Chairman elect Tony ­Cochrane plans to see the Suns become much more than just the leading sports club in the booming local area.
His ambition is for the ­Carrara-based side to rocket past the likes of mega brands Collingwood and the Brisbane Broncos to become Australia's No.1 sporting club.
It's a rather ambitious goal but when you've transformed a small touring car competition into one of Australia's largest sporting exports and a multi-million dollar industry like Cochrane achieved with V8 Supercars you know he is not in the business of aiming low.
“We're not here to make up the numbers,” the ex-Supercars executive chairman said.
“I'm here to tell you I will make sure we're the No.1 sporting team – and not only on the Gold Coast, but ­hopefully in Queensland and ultimately in Australia.
“This is an aspirational business and you don't get into this business if you don't aim to be No.1.”
He will take over from founding chairman John Witheriff after Round 1 next season, with the latter then stepping away from the board at the end of 2016.
The succession plan has been six months in the making, with Witheriff approaching the AFL midway through last season to suggest a gradual change of leadership with Cochrane at the helm.
Witheriff was an outstanding leader for the formative years of the Suns helping ­establish their corporate governance and footprint on the Coast but now is the time for someone with Cochrane's ambition and vision to take the club into the future.
Cochrane is confident of a bright future for the team, ­saying the platform he would aim to build on was light years ahead of where the V8 ­Supercars were when he took over in 1996.
“Everybody forgets when I took over V8 Supercars it was in a hell of a mess, it was a sport without even a marketing name,” Cochrane said. “This (the Suns) by contrast is in terrific shape.”
And he's not afraid to take on the high-profile personalities chairing rival clubs such as Collingwood's Eddie McGuire and Port Adelaide's David Koch.
“We'll have our moments but we'll also have a lot of fun. All of those presidents of all those clubs do an amazing job,” he said.
While profitability and the ability to operate without ­financial support from the AFL isn't viable in the short term, Cochrane is confident the ­decision to pour resources into the football department would pay dividends.
“It's all about fan engagement and the best way to really get fan engagement is to get ­results on the scoreboard,” he said. “We've put a lot of time and effort into the health of our playing list and into the rehab side of the sport.”
Last season injuries to a ­series of key players including captain Gary Ablett plagued their on-field performance.
Cochrane joined the list nominating Ablett – whose leadership he said had “come on in leaps and bounds” – as the best man to continue leading from the front and drive a winning culture.
“We've moved on a couple of players who we thought were part of the problem rather than part of the solution and we're very focused on making sure the environment is right,” Cochrane said.
“Gary is an outstanding footballer he's really come on in leaps and bounds in terms of his leadership.”
Bad news for the Philadelphia Flyers and their playoffs hopes: according to the data below from NHL Network's Matt Sitkoff, the Flyers have the toughest post-trade deadline schedule of any other team in the Metropolitan Division. (He excluded Columbus, because of course.)
Metropolitan Division Schedule breakdown post #NHLTradeDeadline (Schedule is from March 1 on) pic.twitter.com/wbjioyvI4k — Matt Sitkoff (@msitkoffNHL) February 24, 2016
That's a little hard to see in that image (you can click it to open it and zoom), so we'll just tell you what's up: the win percentage of the Flyers' opponents the rest of the way (as of March 1, the day after the deadline) is 0.560, easily the toughest of the bunch in the division. Pittsburgh and New Jersey come the closest with opponents' win percentages in the 0.540 range.
The Flyers also have the most number of back-to-back games of any team in the division with six, and they have the second-most number of games against current playoff teams with 14. (The Rangers and Capitals have 15.)
Sitkoff did the same breakdown for the Atlantic Division, which is relevant since the Flyers might battle these teams for wild card positioning. And yep, same deal -- Flyers still have it the hardest in all three categories: opponents' win percentage, back-to-backs, and games remaining against current playoff teams.
Atlantic Division Schedule breakdown post #NHLTradeDeadline (Schedule is from March 1 on) pic.twitter.com/62H45T4LBj — Matt Sitkoff (@msitkoffNHL) February 24, 2016
It's going to be a steep climb without the added schedule difficulty. The next six games are all at home, and it's when most of the easy opponents are stacked up: Arizona, Calgary, Edmonton and Columbus all in a row. Those might as well be must-win games because it's the easiest the schedule looks until year's end.
If you grew up watching Warner Brothers cartoons, you might remember seeing the name Chuck Jones in big letters in the opening credits. Chuck Jones directed cartoons like Looney Tunes from the 1930s until his death in 2002. He was also an animator, and brought the world characters like Elmer Fudd.
Chuck Jones was the creative force behind Bugs Bunny, and Daffy Duck, and Wile E. Coyote. But part of what makes his characters so memorable is the world that they inhabit. Part of what's so striking about Looney Tunes is that they are recognizable as Looney Tunes even without characters in the foreground.
The backgrounds were revolutionized by one layout artist: Maurice Noble.
Layout artists create a painstaking works of art that allow viewers to instantly register where they are and what mood they're supposed to feel—and then animators plop their drawings right on top of them. The dynamic is kind of like the straight man in a comedy duo—layout artists set up the gags, but it's usually the animators who get the glory. Layout artists are, both figuratively and literally, working in the background. Even though Maurice Noble never drew characters, he was able to cultivate a distinctive style in his landscapes.
Maurice Noble spent most of his career working on cartoons, but he didn't start out doing wacky stuff. As a young man, he wanted to be a fine artist, painting desert landscapes. When he graduated from art school, Maurice got work at Walt Disney Studios. But he wasn't there long. In 1941, Disney studios was torn apart by a strike. The artists wanted to create a union. Walt Disney took the walkout very personally. When it was over, he got rid of anyone associated with the strike—including Maurice Noble. Noble wasn't unemployed for long. When World War II broke out, he was drafted into a unit that made propaganda films featuring a cartoon character named Private Snafu. This crew was full of people from Warner Brothers, including Chuck Jones and Mel Blanc (who did the voice of Bugs Bunny, among many other characters). Noble found their style liberating. After the war, Chuck Jones and Mel Blanc got Maurice a job working at Warner Brothers. And it was at Warner Brothers that Noble's style began to develop. The early Warner Brothers cartoons of the time—like Disney cartoons—had realistic, detailed, three-dimensional backgrounds. But Noble wanted to change that. He felt animation was a flat, stylized medium, and he wanted the backgrounds to support that aesthetic. Noble pushed the cartoony-ness of the Warner Brothers backgrounds until they had the same sass as Bugs Bunny or the delusional insanity of Daffy Duck. In the Road Runner cartoons, The Coyote's real antagonists are the desert landscape and the ACME corporation, which are conspiring to make his life miserable. Eventually, Maurice started getting co-director credit on some of the films. But Chuck Jones was still reaping most of the acclaim, and their relationship suffered a rift in the 1960s while they were working at MGM. Jones was working on an adaption of a children's book called The Dot And The Line, but he was having trouble with it. MGM executives gave it to Noble, and under his direction, the film won an Academy Award. But Chuck Jones still got director credit. In fact, Noble wasn't even invited to the Oscars. Jones and Noble had a falling out, though they did continue to work together. Noble may never have gotten the same recognition as Jones, though he did manage to have a lasting impact on the art of animation as a whole. Noble became a mentor to a group of young artists (known as “The Noble Boys”) who would go on to bring his approaches with them into the animation world today. Reporter (and former Rugrats animator) Eric Molinsky met Maurice Noble once—they talked about Opera. Eric spoke with Bob McKinnon, who wrote a biography of Noble; Tod Polson, who is publishing the forthcoming book The Noble Approach: Art and Designs of Maurice Noble; and Scott Morse, a Noble Boy who now works at Pixar. Extras:
So… You want to know how to become popular, eh? You want people, men and women alike, to be drawn to your charisma and charm. You want people to invite you to cool events, tag you in pictures, and look up to you… and women to go to bed with you. But how do you achieve this?
Becoming popular is easier said than done, and, while the art of being popular is broader than “Game” itself, these two skill sets heavily intermingle. If you can learn game, you can learn to be popular in general. Take my supple yet firm hand and allow me to guide you down the path of popularity so that you can become one of the “cool kids”!
The Psychology Of “Popular”
Think about “pop” music or “pop” culture. These are defined by a small but influential group of people who decide that the certain music or media is “cool”. Once it reaches critical mass (which is 3% of market penetration, according to Malcolm Gladwell, author of “The Tipping Point”), it starts to spread like wildfire.
Another way of saying this is that popularity is all about an initial good idea that is given the good grace of the band wagon effect. It is just mob psychology, manipulated to your advantage.
This is why, in high school, if you were popular, you were good to go for the remainder of your high school career. However, if you weren't popular, you were pretty much destined to stay that way. That is, unless one of the popular (AKA, influential) kids decided that you were cool, which exposed you to at least 3% of the kids in your group that ALSO decided that you were cool. If that was the lucky case, then TADAA! You probably became popular.
Read on to figure out how to become popular like this lucky fellow today!
Qualities Of The Popular
The most important thing about being popular is possessing the character traits that popular people have. Because exposure to the 3% means nothing if they won't like what you're giving them. These character traits aren't really things that you can fake; they have to become a part of who you are. While this list is by no means exhaustive, it will definitely help you start on your path to becoming Mr. Popular.
Non-Reactive – This is extremely important. If you are reactive, how are you going to be popular? People need to know that they can rely on you to ACT and NOT to REACT. If you establish a reputation as un-reactive, you will be that much closer to becoming popular within your friend group. You can start on this by making sure that you don't seek reactions from others, and by taking a deep breath every time something happens that would normally effect you. Cool people don't take life too seriously, and realize that threats – even those aimed directly at them – aren't that big of a deal. Non-Judgmental – Being judgmental is probably the #1 fastest way to kill your cool. Nobody wants to hang out with a judgmental character. If you can succeed in making people feel comfortableand socially validated just by basking in your glorious presence, then they will FLOCK to you. So few people succeed in being truly judgmental that those rare few who do are constantly in high demand. If you're level headed enough to take life in stride and stray from judgement, people will be that much more likely to gravitate towards you. Leadership – People NEED leaders. Different social castes exist for a reason, and each role needs to be filled. Think of it as a pyramid, with the lowest caste having the most people, and the highest, most elite caste having the fewest. Another way of saying this is that some people are meant to be leaders, and others are meant to be followers. Unfortunately (or fortunately, depending on how you look at it), most people are NOT meant to be leaders. Which means that most people who are reading this aren't really supposed to be popular anyway. However, if you feel that you have the capacity to lead others, that the only prerequisite to becoming popular. People gravitate towards this BECAUSE of their inherent need to be led. Take advantage of it 😉 B-Phase – Popular people are usually naturally really good at B-Phase (banter, buying temperature, be in the moment). If you look at most popular people, they have the ability to pretty much pump other people's buying temperature on command. Everyone is always reacting to them, instead of the other way around. If you want in-depth help on getting your B-Phase to a high level, my best advice would be to take a bootcamp. You can check out details and dates here: http://www.abcsofattraction.com/programs.php Dominance – Cool people aren't pussies. Cool people are comfortable in their own skin, and confident that their way is right. You don't have to be hard-headed, and you certainly shouldn't overcompensate, but if you want to be cool, you should work on eliminating any submissive tendencies that you might have.
As you can see, being cool is based on a strong, confident, and fun-loving personal foundation. However, it takes more than just a good personality to become popular…
Market Penetration
Market penetration is the term used in sales and branding to describe the percentage of the populace that is aware of a certain product or service. In terms of being cool, it is your exposure to people in a certain social setting.
If you're in a club and can get 3% of the people there to think that you're the shit, then you're good to go. Likewise, if you can get 3% of the people in your social circle to think that you're a really cool guy, the rest will follow. “Market Penetration”, as it applies to us, is all about exposing your genuine self to the most people possible so that you have the greatest chance of becoming popular.
In conclusion, popularity is merely an idea. While it does require a solid and genuine foundation, it is facilitated by mob psychology which is – lets face it – generally pretty retarded. The keys to success in the area are to develop yourself as a person, expose yourself to as many people as possible in as genuine a way as possible, and detach yourself from the outcome, because in the end, it's really not that important.
Just remember: Use this knowledge to your advantage, but never let the knowledge use you.
I'm not sure how I get the ideas for some of my cartoons, but this cartoon about how God created the world had a clear line of thought that led to its birth. I'm gonna tell you all about it.
The Book of Genesis tells us how God created the world. According to Judeo-Christian tradition, the first five books of the Bible (Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, and Deuteronomy. Also called the Pentateuch, or the Torah) hold the actual words of God. Tradition states that they were either written by Moses through the inspiration of God, or were written by God himself and handed down to Moses together with the Ten Commandments on Mount Sinai. This means that the creation story, according to tradition, was given to us by God.
But if that's the case, why is God telling us a story of creating the world in six days? It's a story which is clearly so far from what science tells us today. How do we breach that gap?
If you're an Atheist, it's easy : you claim that God doesn't exist, and the books of Genesis, along with its “how God created the world” story is plain Bronze-age mythology. Problem solved.
But I'm a cartoonist, and cartoonists let their minds wander. So let's assume that God does exist. How come the story of creation that Our Father in Heaven gave to Moses is so far from what science tells us today?
I like the term “Our Father in Heaven”, because after all, I'm a father myself. Now if my kids came to me and asked me: “Daddy, how was the world created?”, what answer would I give them? Well, it depends of course on which kid is asking: if it's the four-year-old, she'll get a short, simple answer, in terms she could understand. If it's the seven-year-old, he'll get a longer, more complex answer. But you can be sure it won't contain the words “Quarks” or “Leptons”. If I had an eighteen-year-old, who knew some basic Math and Physics, maybe I'd slip those terms as well. My point is: you fit the story to the crowd, because you can't expect a four-year-old to have the same level of understanding as a seven-year-old or an eighteen-year-old.
And just as kids of various ages have different levels of understanding, so do human societies of different ages. Therefore, assuming that there is a God, and that God indeed gave the bible to Moses on Mount Sinai along with the secret of the world's creation, to me it's pretty clear he couldn't have just start babbling about Quarks and Leptons and an expanding universe. The Big Bang Theory is hard to grasp even for ordinary modern day people, with all their education and sophistication. So what could you expect from Bronze-Age people, with no knowledge of physics or basic mathematics, who for the most part couldn't even read?
God would have to explain the creation story in terms that Moses and the rest of the Bronze-Age crowd could understand.
That's the line of thought that led to this comic.
Here's another interesting thought: If God exists, and if he reveals himself to us again, what story will he tell us? Using the logic above, the story he'd tell us would be something similar to what the Big Bang Theory suggests, because that's what humans are capable of understanding today. But that still doesn't mean we're anyway near the “Truth”, and that's the sad part: even that story is probably very far from how the universe was actually created.
Just as many of us ridicule today the story of how God created the world told on Genesis, I'm sure 31st century scientists would ridicule the Big Bang theory and call it primitive. But that's exactly the way human knowledge evolves – we make a theory that explains what we know about the world, and we find evidence to support it. But if we find evidence which contradicts our theory, we try and find a better theory which explains the world and for which there is less contradicting evidence. And part of that process is calling the ones who still believe in the older story idiots. That's just the way science works!
Holy Moses, we have more cartoons about Science. And more cartoons about Religion!
A woman in a rural neighborhood in Georgia is likely alive only because she had access to a firearm when she needed it.
According to local media reports, a woman was sleeping when two suspects broke into her home. She accessed a firearm and became involved in a firefight with the suspects.
During the exchange of gunfire the woman was shot at least three times. Fortunately, she was also able to return fire and force the suspects into retreating.
The victim is being treated at an area hospital and is expected to survive. According to local media reports:
Rainwater said investigators spent much of the day at the home. The suspects have been described only as a black man and woman. Both remain at large. Authorities do not know if the suspects were wounded in the shootout, however, they have “zero reason to believe” they are still in the area,” Rainwater said. According to Rainwater, they were last seen driving away from the area, though authorities do not have a description of the getaway vehicle. Rainwater added that investigators are treating the situation as a burglary gone wrong and probably won't have any leads on the suspects unless someone with information about them comes forward.
This is the 76th defensive gun use we've documented in the state of Georgia and the 1,394th defensive gun use we've documented overall.
Like what you read here? Sign up for our twice-weekly newsletter.
When Hitler moved to Munich from his home country of Austria, he was a loner — a failing artist who had spent his recent years selling painted postcards on the streets of Vienna. It was a perfect storm of events that led him to power in 1933.
World War I had left Germany weak, broke and with a bruised ego. In 1919, Hitler found the German Workers' Party, a small group of men who spent most of their time talking about how much better life was before the war. He stepped in as leader. In 1923, he was jailed and it was there that he met Rudolf Hess who ghostwrote Hitler's "Mein Kampf," the infamous Nazi handbook.
When we speak of World War II, we often focus on a story that begins in 1939 and ends in 1945. Looking at history in such a limited scope is counterproductive to learning from the past.
Hitler did not introduce anti-Semitism into Europe. As early as the year 306, there were anti-Jewish decrees. World War I had actually helped Jews assimilate into Germany, similar to the way the world wars helped immigrants and African-Americans in the United States. What Hitler did was change anti-Semitism from religious and cultural prejudice to racism.
November 9, 1938 became known in Germany as Kristallnacht, or "The Night of Broken Glass." This was the first major action of the Holocaust and it was five years after Hitler gained power. By this time, Hitler had spent so many years spewing anti-Semitic rhetoric to the German people that it was easy to encourage the masses to act violently.
The Eisenach synagogue in Germany, destroyed by the Nazis during Kristallnacht on Nov. 9, 1938. (Wikimedia Commons)
Riots continued for two days across Germany. In that time, synagogues were burned, windows of Jewish stores were broken, then looted. Many Germans, including the police, just stood and watched. Jews who tried to put out fires or defend their property were arrested. In total, over 100 synagogues were burned and more than 7,500 stores were destroyed. When the violence ended, Jews had to pay for the damage. The government enacted additional anti-Jewish laws.
The bystanders assumed that one day soon, Hitler and his Nazi party would be voted out of office and everything would return to normal.
This story played on repeat in my mind in the early hours of November 9, 2016. On the anniversary of Kristallnacht, Trump, a man rumored to sleep with Hitler's speeches next to his bed, was declared the 45th president of the United States.
Over the past year, there has been important discussion comparing current American politics to the rise of the Nazi party in Germany. In order for this conversation to remain constructive, we can isolate parallel themes — but we must also recognize key places where the past and present diverge.
A few weeks back, Brownells sent out emails regarding some new products they were selling related to the Remington Defense products made for the United States Army, specifically the Modular Sniper Rifle platform. Supposedly, the Remington Defense items Brownells acquired to resell were contract overrun items. Among these, included Remington Defense AICS-style 10-round magazines in Flat Dark Earth. The Brownells price was $65 at the time they posted, but it slowly dropped to $50 at the time I am composing this article.
I was intrigued by the magazine availability so I ordered three. The magazines arrived individually sealed in Brownells white and clear bags.
The first thing I noticed is that these magazines are nothing like the dark brown product image on the Brownells product page.
Note that the title for the product indicates, “REMINGTON 700 PSR 7.62 NATO/308 WINCHESTER TAN MAGAZINE,” but the product page description indicates, “Flat Dark Earth Teflon finish.”
Anyway, the color of the magazines as received look more like FDE, and if anything, are very close to the AICS Pale Brown color.
When ordering, the Brownells product page does not make it clear who the true manufacturer is. It indicates “AICS-style” which makes one assume it is a Remington made magazine. But open receipt, it is very clear that these magazines are actually made by Accuracy International.
These are basically Accuracy International 10-round magazines made for and re-sold by Remington Defense for their PSR/MSR package.
The internals are exactly as you would expect from an Accuracy International 10-round AICS magazine.
The above product shots are all with strobes/flash lighting, but it is fairly reflective of the shade of FDE/tan. It does have a different appearance in hard sunlight, but the contrast to the Pale Brown of the AICS 2.0 is about the same as when it is lit by flash.
Again, the color is not the dark tan like in the Brownells product photo, and is close to the color of the AICS 2.0 Pale Brown (but not exact).
I did find an image of the Remington MSR package that contains many of the supposed contract overrun items being sold by Brownells. The image is in an article on the Precision Rifle Blog from 2015-09-24 entitled, Remington MSR Hands-On Review. If you visit this article and scroll mid-way through, there is a daylight photo of the “Complete PSR Kit” showing off all the items inside hard case, include several magazines, which seem to have a hue more inline with what I received from Brownells.
As far as function, the magazines work flawlessly. I do not own any regular black Accuracy International 10-round AICS magazines, but I own three black AI 5-round AICS magazines. Those 5-round magazines tend to scratch up the brass, even after I tried sanding the feed lips to eliminate burrs.
What I like about these 10-round Remington Defense contract magazines is that the teflon finish makes the feed lips very smooth, and they do not scratch or etch the brass. I know this is a petty issue, but the scratching of the brass does bother me, which is why I actually kept using the Magpul PMAG AC AICS magazines at the range.
Anyway, if you are looking for some steel 10-round AICS magazines, look no further than the Remington Defense contract overruns that Brownells is still selling. As I stated, these are currently down to $50 each (as of 2017-07-17) and the price could drop even more (or go back up). I highly recommend getting a few if you have an AICS magazine fed rifle. These magazines are most likely not going to be a regularly stocked item, so when they sell out, I do not think we will see these again (at least not for a long time).
Like this: Like Loading...
Meteorites smacking into the early Earth could have created warm, watery environments favorable to primordial life. A new study of an impact crater in Finland suggests that such hydrothermal activity could have lasted up to 1.6 million years — at least 10 times longer than theory suggested, providing plenty of time for life to emerge and spread.
Ancient impact craters on Mars were probably also home to hydrothermal activity, making them good places to search for signs of life, the team reports online February 19 in Geochimica et Cosmochimica Acta.
The work is “quite exciting,” says Gordon Osinski, a planetary geologist at the University of Western Ontario in Canada. “One of the big unknowns has been how long do these hydrothermal systems last.”
Because hydrothermal systems house life's most ancient lineages, many biologists think that the first organisms arose there. Volcanoes drive most hydrothermal activity tod
VA Expands Review of Chemical Exposure in Drinking Water at Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune
August 3, 2015, 05:40:00 PM
Printable Version
Need Viewer Software?
VA Expands Review of Chemical Exposure in Drinking Water at Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune
WASHINGTON – As part of VA's ongoing commitment to provide care to Veterans and their families, the Department of Veterans Affairs today announced that it will start the process of amending its regulations to establish presumptions of service connection for certain conditions resulting from exposure to contaminated drinking water at the U.S. Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune in North Carolina.
This process is in addition to the healthcare VA already provides for 15 conditions to eligible Veterans who were stationed at Camp Lejeune for at least 30 days between August 1, 1953 and December 31, 1987 as a result of the Honoring America's Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Families Act of 2012. VA also provides reimbursement of healthcare expenses for those 15 conditions to eligible family members who resided at Camp Lejeune during that time period.
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs recently met with Senators Isakson, Burr and Tillis and the Director of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR) to discuss the creation of presumptions of service connection for diseases associated with the contaminated water at Camp Lejeune. The diseases that are currently being reviewed for potential presumptive service connection include kidney cancer, angiosarcoma of the liver, and acute myelogenous leukemia, which are known to be related to long-term exposure to the chemicals that were in the water at Lejeune from the 1950s through 1987. The chemicals are Benzene, Vinyl Chloride, Trichloroethylene and Perchloroethylene, which are known as volatile organic compounds, used in industrial solvents and components of fuels. ATSDR and VA representatives will meet at ATSDR offices on August 19 to begin discussions on establishing these presumptions.
VA will also work with ATSDR and potentially the National Academy of Sciences to evaluate the body of scientific knowledge and research related to exposure to these chemicals and the subsequent development of other diseases. VA will carefully consider all public comments received when determining the final scope of any presumptions.
Veterans with health problems they believe are related to exposure to the water at Camp Lejeune may file a claim for disability compensation online at www.ebenefits.va.gov, or call 1–800–827–1000 for assistance.
For more information, Veterans and family members should contact the nearest VA healthcare facility by calling 1–877–222–VETS (8387) or visit www.publichealth.va.gov/exposures/camp-lejeune . For further information on Camp Lejeune: VHA Office of Public Health has a Website on Camp Lejeune historical water contamination at: www.publichealth.va.gov/exposures/camp-lejeune/index.asp.
The U.S. Marine Corps encourages all those who lived or worked at Camp Lejeune before 1987 to register for notifications regarding Camp Lejeune Historic Drinking Water at https://clnr.hqi.usmc.mil/clwater .
People wishing to receive e-mail from VA with the latest news releases and updated fact sheets can subscribe to the
VA Office of Public Affairs Distribution List.
Back to News Releases Index
Your browser doesn't support JavaScript. You can enable JavaScript via IE browser tool menu.
Two months before the film's release, extended trailer for Episode VII teases audiences with key characters but still no clear sign of Luke Skywalker
Star Wars: The Force Awakens – six things we learned from the new trailer Read more
The official trailer of JJ Abrams's highly anticipated Star Wars instalment, The Force Awakens, has been unleashed and opens with a masked figure seen scaling the gigantic interior of blackened ruins. A voiceover poses the compelling question: “Who are you?”
Without ever completely answering that question, the trailer, which premiered on the sports cable network ESPN during halftime of the Monday night NFL game, appears to establish who the film's three lead characters are.
First cab off the ranks in the trailer – which comes after two shorter teasers – is scavenger Rey from the desert world of Jakku, played by Daisy Ridley. A tracking shot of a faceless army of stormtroopers leads us to Finn (John Boyega). He is shown taking off his stormtrooper mask with the words: “I was raised to do one thing, but I've got nothing to fight for.”
Completing the trio of key protagonists is Adam Driver's villainous Kylo Ren, the supposed primary evildoer of The Force Awakens. “Nothing will stand in our way. I will finish what you started,” says Ren to a disfigured mask, presumably belonging to the original Star Wars baddie Darth Vader.
Star Wars new female character 'extremely significant', says producer Read more
At two minutes and 23 seconds long, this latest trailer is the longest preview yet of the film. The seventh episode in the series picks up three decades after the events of Return of the Jedi (1983) and, as the trailer shows, features many of the characters from the original trilogy.
Fans of the film gathered on Monday night on a Reddit thread dedicated to Star Wars – ostensibly not football lovers, as they impatiently cursed the game (and the network) while waiting for the trailer to be aired.
Director Abrams sent a message to fans via Bad Robot: “We cannot wait to share the trailer with ya tonight. I don't care if you're black, white, brown, Jawa, Wookiee, Jedi or Sith. I just hope you like it! Best, JJ.”
Star Wars actor John Boyega hits back at 'prejudiced' fans Read more
With every release of new marketing material, including the first teaser in November and a second in April, fans have pored over the scant details and speculated over possible storylines. Many noted the prominent positions given to Rey and Finn in the official poster.
Also in the poster is a goggles-wearing character that might be Lupita Nyong'o's space pirate Maz Kanata, standing alongside several characters from the first original series: Carrie Fisher's Princess Leia Organa, Harrison Ford's Han Solo, Chewbacca (Peter Mayhew), R2-D2 (Kenny Baker) and C-3PO (Anthony Daniels).
Conspicuously absent from the poster is Mark Hamill's Luke Skywalker. Fans have been pointing to footage first seen in the second teaser, and again in the official trailer, of a hooded figure placing a hand on R2-D2, as a clue to his return.
Other characters include Domhnall Gleeson's General Hux and Andy Serkis's Supreme Leader Snoke. Footage released in August show Ren wielding a red “crucifix” lightsaber that riffs on the original, apparently of the character's own design.
Trailer reviews have so far been positive. Guardian film critic Peter Bradshaw predicted a “return to the verities of character and story” and a “move away from the inert digital gigantism of the last decade's prequel-trilogy”.
JJ Abrams's space opera will premiere in Los Angeles on 14 December – a few days before it opens worldwide, on 17 December in the UK and Australia, and in the following day in the US.
Cinema websites in the UK have already crashed under the weight of demand for first screenings of the film, which will have a running time of 136 minutes.
James Mickens has written a number of essays for ;login: magazine. The wall-of-text presentation is kind of scary, and the first time I encountered them, I skimmed the essays rather than reading them through. As a result, my reaction was, "I got tired." But if you follow the path and read the essays through, you realize that they are all brilliant.
November 2013: The Night Watch.
You can't just place a LISP book on top of an x86 chip and hope the hardware learns about lambda calculus by osmosis.
and in the "so funny because it's true that it wraps around and isn't funny any more, but then wraps around a second time and is funny again, but with a tinge of sadness" category:
I HAVE NO TOOLS BECAUSE I'VE DESTROYED MY TOOLS WITH MY TOOLS.
September 2013: The Slow Winter.
... because in those days, you could XOR anything with anything and get something useful.
When researchers talk about mobile computers, they use visionary, exciting terms like "fast", "scalable", and "this solution will definitely work in practice."
May 2013: The Saddest Moment.
With careful optimization, only 14 gajillion messages are necessary.
One of my colleagues found the stash of columns in the "Miscellaneous Excellence" section on Mickens' Web site and reacted with "This is better than getting free cookies."
Here's an interview with "the funniest man in Microsoft Research".
I would have done this for TechNet Magazine if I had known this was possible.
Also if I had the talent.
Mostly the talent part.
Bonus Mickensian reading: What is art?
Mike Marsh (L) and Colin Pascoe (C) were long-time assistants to Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers
Joe Allen is dismayed at Liverpool's decision to sack mentor Colin Pascoe from the Anfield backroom staff.
Pascoe worked alongside Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers at Swansea and moved to Anfield with him in the summer of 2012.
But the assistant manager was sacked last week after an end-of-season review with the club's American owners.
"I'm very disappointed, he's been someone who's been instrumental in my career," said Wales midfielder Allen, who came through the ranks at Swansea.
"We've worked together for... must be nine years, so he's been a huge part of my career, a massive help to me on a personal level.
Liverpool signed Wales midfielder Joe Allen from Swansea in August 2012
"I'm very grateful for all the effort he's put in with me and it's certainly without someone like Pas's help I doubt I'd be playing at a club like Liverpool."
Former Wales, Swansea and Sunderland midfielder Pascoe still had 12 months left to run on his deal, while first-team coach Mike Marsh has not had his contract renewed.
The coaching reshuffle follows a disappointing season for Liverpool, who finished sixth in the Premier League - out of the Champions League qualification places - and ended their season with a 6-1 drubbing at the hands of Stoke City.
Allen was one of Rodgers' first signings at Liverpool, joining the Reds in August 2012 for £15m.
Amidst all the commotion created by King Charles II's sex life and flamboyant mistresses, there actually was a Queen. She was Catherine of Braganza and she led a very interesting life in England as the King's wife and later than ruler of her country of origin. Catarina Henriqueta de Braganza was born on November 25, 1638 in the Vila Vicosa in Alentego, Portugal. She was the eldest child of Joao, Duke of Braganza and his wife, Luisa Maria Francisca de Guzman. Catherine had two siblings, Afonso and Pedro and grew up in a loving family. Catherine's mother took an active interest in her children's education.
In 1640, Catherine's father led a rebellion against Spain. During the rebellion he was offered the crown of Portugal and at his wife's urging he agreed. The family moved to Lisbon and he was crowned King Joao IV. Portugal continued to fight for independence from Spain and received little cooperation from other European countries. However, one monarch acknowledged his elevation to the monarchy. The beleaguered King Charles I of England recognized his crown and King Joao would always remember this validation of his status. In 1644, King Joao finally prevailed against Spain. In an effort to reinforce his standing further, he sent his ambassador to England to negotiate a marriage agreement between King Charles I's eldest son Charles and his daughter Catherine. Due to the raging Civil War in England, the negotiations never were carried out.
Catherine lived for most of her childhood in a convent close to the royal palace where her mother could supervise her education. Her upbringing was said to be sheltered and made her a person of strong faith and devotion. Exhausted with fighting the Spaniards, King Joao died in 1656 leaving his remarkable wife as regent for King Afonso. Luisa continued the fight against the dominance of Spain and enhanced Portugal's independence through military and commercial endeavors. She soon was entertaining proposals for her daughter's hand in marriage. She first contemplated a marriage with Louis XIV of France. When that didn't materialize, she turned to England. A secret meeting was set up with her ambassador and King Charles II. The Portuguese offered Charles Tangier which could be used as a base for trade in the Mediterranean, Bombay, a gateway for trade with India, free trade with Brazil and the East Indies and an enormous amount of cash, £300,000. After a year of negotiations and overcoming doubts over him marrying a Catholic princess, Charles announced he would marry Catherine of Braganza before Parliament on May 8, 1661.
The marriage contract was signed on June 23, 1661 with England agreeing to provide military assistance to help protect Portugal from Spain in return for the massive dowry. Catherine was given and income of £30,000 and the right to worship freely in England as a Catholic. Catherine was twenty-three and had become a serene and quiet young woman. She made the difficult journey to England, leaving her beloved home. The couple had two wedding ceremonies performed on May 21, 1662. The first was a Catholic service performed in secret and then a public Protestant service. She was never crowned as a Catholic was not allowed to participate in an Anglican ceremony.
People were already criticizing Catherine's appearance and her reserved nature. The fact that she didn't speak English well made things difficult for her. But Charles seemed pleased with her appearance and her behavior and the early days of their marriage were satisfying. Catherine fell hopelessly in love with the King.
But things did not go smoothly for long. Barbara Villiers, Lady Castlemaine, Charles' tempestuous mistress was pregnant with her second child by the King. Once their son was born, Barbara demanded to be named “Lady of the Bedchamber” to the new Queen. The King placed her name on the list and Catherine instantly crossed the name off. Both parties dug in their heels but in the end, Catherine surrendered and Barbara was given the post. After the dust settled on the issue, Catherine was to treat all of Charles mistresses with calculated friendship, thus endearing herself even more with Charles.
To make Catherine's position even more difficult, she had trouble producing an heir. In 1663, she fell seriously ill and almost died. The King remained by her side, seemingly devoted to her. In her delirium she kept asking where her children were. Charles reassured her and his attentiveness seemed to restore her. When she recovered she couldn't walk and was temporarily deaf but she eventually overcame these disabilities. In 1665, plague in London caused the court to move to Oxford and it is likely Catherine miscarried in February 1666. She suffered another miscarriage in 1668 and again in June 1669. This was to be her last pregnancy and both she and Charles were forced to accept they would never bear children together.
Catherine's existence was not all misery. As she grew older, she began to relax and enjoy what life at court offered. She loved to play cards, dance and organize masques. She liked to picnic and fish in the country as well as practice archery. Like other women of the time she dressed in men's clothing and may have instigated the practice of wearing shorter dresses to show off her pretty ankles. She is credited with starting the practice of drinking tea in England which noblemen had done in Portugal. She may have introduced the use of forks as well. She did not get involved with English politics but closely followed developments in Portugal. In 1665, she started building a religious house east of St. James which was completed in 1667 and became known as The Friary.
In 1669, the King's mother died and in 1671 Catherine moved into Somerset House. The rumors of divorce commenced but the King remained supportive of Catherine. In February 1673, Catherine fell seriously ill again. The government was calling for Charles to divorce Catherine or legitimize his eldest bastard son, James, Duke of Monmouth. Charles refused both requests. Barbara Castlemaine openly insulted the Queen in pubic so Charles made her a Duchess and basically bought her off. But his new mistress, Louise de Kéroulle was even more repugnant to Catherine than Barbara had been. The stresses of her life threatened to kill her again with another serious illness in 1675. To make matters even more stressful, her religion was coming under attack and the Popish Plot of 1678 threatened her status directly. The government threatened Charles asking him to purge all Catholics from his household and they asked him to divorce her again in 1680.
Charles was steadfast in his support of Catherine. He continued to treat her well until his death in 1685. Catherine fell into a deep depression but she was to enjoy religious freedom and the support of Charles' Catholic brother King James II. When James was driven from the throne, his daughter and son-in-law took the throne as joint sovereigns, William and Mary. For some reason Mary didn't like Catherine and in 1692, Catherine received permission to return to Portugal and she retired there.
Her retirement did not last long. Her brother King Pedro II was incapacitated and her nephews were too young to rule and in 1704, she was named regent, just as her mother had been when her father died. Catherine ruled over military campaigns and was highly effective in running the country. She was to govern to great acclaim until her death on December 31, 1705. She is buried in the Royal Pantheon of the Braganza Dynasty and her name is highly respected to this day in Portugal.
Further reading: “Royal Charles: Charles II and the Restoration” by Antonia Fraser, http://www.britannia.com/history/biographies/catherine_braganza.html
LEAGUE
Opgedragen aan Klaas en Marja Vochteloo
&
Alle andere fans van DOS'46
November 2014. Het zijn spannende tijden in het Drentse Nijeveen. De plaatselijke korfbaltrots DOS'46 is in 2012 van het hoogste toneel verdwenen en daarmee kwam definitief een einde aan een gouden periode van het roodzwarte korfbalbolwerk. Na twee mislukte pogingen om terug te keren staan nu coaches Daniël Hulzebosch en Haralt Lucas voor de uitdaging om de felbegeerde promotie af te dwingen. Is driemaal scheepsrecht? En wat als het opnieuw niet lukt? Zoeken de groeibriljantjes hun heil dan elders en is de Korfbal League dan voorgoed uit zicht?
LEAGUE is een documentaire van Lennart Nooren (camera) en Roelof Jan Vochteloo (idee, regie en montage), mede mogelijk gemaakt door Toyota Van der Linde Meppel. De eindmontage is in handen van freelance video-editor Jan Bert Stevens. Nooren en Vochteloo volgen het vlaggenschip gedurende het zaalseizoen 2014-2015 binnen en buiten de lijnen en spreken met insiders over het DOS'46 van toen en nu.
LEAGUE is een film over ambities en eendracht, hoop en vrees, vreugde en verdriet. LEAGUE is een uniek kijkje achter de schermen van een roemruchte korfbalclub en een must see voor elke sportliefhebber.
↓ENGLISH↓-----------------↓ENGLISH↓
DOS'46 is one of the most successful and well known korfball clubs in the Netherlands. In 2012, the former Dutch champion (1982, 2006, 2007, 2009) relegated from the Korfbal League. Now it's november 2014 and after two failed attempts to come back at the highest level the coaches Daniël Hulzebosch and Haralt Lucas know that DOS'46 really needs to get promoted this season. Is it third time lucky for DOS'46? And what happens when the red and blacks fail again? Will the young talented players leave the club and will the Korfbal League be out of sight forever?
LEAGUE is a documentary made by Lennart Nooren (camera) and Roelof Jan Vochteloo (idea, direction and editing), made in cooperation with Toyota Van der Linde Meppel. The final editing is done by freelance video editor Jan Bert Stevens. Nooren and Vochteloo follow DOS'46 during the indoor season 2014-2015 and speak with insiders about the past, present and future of the club.
LEAGUE is a film about ambition and unity, hope and fear, joy and grief. LEAGUE gives a unique insight into a well known korfball club and is a must-see for every sports fan.
The manuscript of Beowulf, the greatest poem in the Old English language, can now be viewed online for the first time. Made around the year 1000, most likely during the reign of King Æthelred the Unready (978-1016), this manuscript committed to parchment a tale that (in some modern scholars' opinions) had been passed down for centuries, between generations of storytellers.
The opening words of Beowulf, beginning "Hwæt" ("Listen!"): London, British Library, MS Cotton Vitellius A XV, f. 132r.
In its present state, the poem, named after its hero Beowulf, contains more than 3,000 lines, and divides conventionally into three comparatively equal sections: Beowulf's struggle with the monster, Grendel; the revenge of Grendel's mother; and Beowulf's final contest with a dragon, which was guarding a hoard of treasure. What marks out Beowulf is the gripping and highly developed story, and the richness of its language.
The Beowulf-manuscript was damaged by fire in 1731, but much of its text remains readable. Here the poem recounts Beowulf's preparations for battle with Grendel: London, British Library, MS Cotton Vitellius A XV, f. 147r.
Known sometimes as the "Nowell Codex", after its erstwhile owner Laurence Nowell (d. c. 1570), the Beowulf-manuscript entered the library of Sir Robert Cotton (d. 1631), and still retains his pressmark of Cotton MS Vitellius A XV (the 15th item on the 1st shelf of a bookpress named after the Roman emperor Vitellius). Cotton's collection was bequeathed to the nation in 1702, and formed one of the foundation collections of the British Museum in 1753. Beowulf is now in the safe-keeping of the British Library; and we are hugely proud to be able to bring it to new audiences through our Digitised Manuscripts site.
More posts about the contents and history of the Beowulf-manuscript will be featured on this blog in the coming weeks.
Don't forget to follow us on Twitter @blmedieval.
8/29/2017 UPDATE: All I can say is WOW! I haven't logged into thingiverse in such a long time, and I am genuinely surprised how much attention this design is still getting!
I graduated from college, got a job, moved out, and gone through some life changes, took a hiatus from "making", and now I am back!
I plan on reviving this project from the fiery depths of my project bucket, and finally getting something that is easily obtainable for all! I hereby announce the beginning design phases of a printable mechanical counter compatible with this design! More updates to come!
I designed a filament counter to display the number of meters of filament used. (it displays the 1/10'ths place, hence the white-out decimal point)
It utilizes the core of a Veeder-Root 742946-201 non-resetable rotary counter.
I doubt you would be able to find another one of these out there in the wild, and the nearest sibling costs $100+, so I will work on a printable counter eventually. Maybe someone else will get to it before me, who knows.
http://www.ebay.com/itm/DANAHER-VEEDER-ROOT-0742845-001-MECHANICAL-RESET-COUNTER-5-DIGIT-XLNT-/150854138839?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0&hash=item231f9b7bd7
#########################################################
#########################################################
I AM WORKING ON A VERSION 2
that utilizes a $4 electromechanical counter available on ebay, and utilizes a 5v pulse signal.
The counter is en-route to me from china, so it might take a bit to get working on it.
#########################################################
#########################################################
If you happen to have a compatible counter, great!
You need 1 of each part.
The orientation might be weird when importing the STL files, but just use your head.
I designed the "baseplate" in such a way that it could be mounted easily to other printers with the design of a custom mounting bracket.
This one comes with a simple zip-tie bracket for the aluminum handle of a Printrbot simple metal
This requires some rubber bands, bolts, and hole reaming to finish. I used 1/4 inch shoulder bolts that I had lying around.
You also need to cut and glue a rubber band around the counter gear.
Mine has been silently counting along flawlessly since I first printed it!
EDIT: I accidentally uploaded a .slprt file instead of the STL. I renamed the counter wheel and the counter output shaft gear to be less ambiguous.
Demon General Compendium
Welcome, brave adventurers, to Hell. A vast inhospitable cavern, miles under the surface, Hell exists not on a separate plane of existence, but rather right below your feet. Deep in the molten depths and across the black stone wastes, a variety of fiends and underground beings make this barren place their home. The fiends fought and squabbled, ruling over each other through might alone.
Geography of Hell
Hell is a general term used to describe the underground systems that sit just above the planet's upper mantle, a depth range spanning from three to ten miles below sea level. Its proximity to the mantle distinguish it from the Underdark, and the denizens of Hell are a much different breed from those found closer to the surface.
The vast main cavern of Hell sits roughly three miles below sea level, with networks of tunnels and smaller caverns leading outwards and downwards. The main cavern is divided into nine sections.
Avernus
Home to the River Styx, fueled by the waters of Stygia, carve Avernus into two halves.
Dis
The Iron City of Dis served as the Demon King's palace, the crown jewel of his domain. The fiends he conquered pay tribute to the Iron City in mass parades from all walks of Hell. Pilgrims travel to Dis to gain the blessing or favor of the Demon King.
Minauros
An endless bog of avid and carrion, Minauros fell under the rule of Vor Erodia after the Demon King's rise to power.
Phlegethos
Scorching heats and crumbling earth shape the domain known as Phlegethos. The ground bleeds ceaseless flames, and is constantly patrolled by the demon soldiers of Vor Agganon.
Stygia
In the cold land of Stygia, even the fires of Hell do little more than keep the frost from spreading. One of the rare parts of the cavern that contains liquid water, Stygia became home to many terrible aquatic life forms, each more vicious than the next. The waters of Stygia flow onto Avernus in the form of the River Styx.
It was in this cold and icy domain that Viz Astraea was formed, rose to power, and eventually ruled. Her army of undying Naga acts as her eyes and fangs, allowing her the time she needs to work on her experiments.
Malbolge
Home of rock slides and boulders, Malbolge is known as the Crushing Lands. Malbolge was deemed unbefitting to build a citadel, and remains as a lawless, unruled land.
Maladomini
The origin of many of Hell's ancient denizens, Maladomini is known as the cradle of fiends. Ruins of demonic temples and cities spot the now-barren fields of ash. Prior to the rise of the Demon King, Maladomini was a land of endless conflict. Countless fallen fiends scattered their ashes across the plains, creating a nearly desert-like landscape that eventually buried the temples of old.
Cania
Many things lie hidden under the ice of Cania. The chill of Stygia feels like a warm summer's breeze compared to the glacial winds of Cania. Even Hell's fire has no place here; the ice sheets of Cania stretch on and on, a frozen tundra nigh impassable by all who enter.
Nessus
To descend even deeper into Hell, one must trek the ravines of Nessus. The sheer cliffs and nearly endless pits provide a descent into the darkness below.
The Demon King
In the midst of the chaos, one fiend rose above the rest. He allied with four of the most powerful fiends and together began amassing an army of followers. As his army cut down those who opposed him, his demon generals feasted on the essence of their foes, garnering great strength within each of them. The Demon King granted areas of Hell to the dominion of his generals, and then claimed Dis as his own. The mighty Iron City stands as a testament to his strength.
Unification of Fiends
Under the banner of the demon king and his generals, demons and devils alike were brought under one rule. Over time, their languages, Abyssal and Infernal, blended together into a single common Demonic tongue.
A Demon's Flame
Inside each fiend lies a fiery core, a physical manifestation of their life force. When a fiend dies, it's core will begin to fade, with the flames of more powerful fiends lingering the longest. The demon generals discovered that by feasting upon the demon flames of their enemies, they could increase their own powers. Thus began a cycle of kill and be killed, wherein powerful demons slew others and then were slain in turn, and the power of many fiends were amassed into powerful demon's flames.
Marisa Taylor
McClatchy Newspapers
October 1, 2008
WASHINGTON — The FBI is declining to release at least 15,000 pages of documents related to the now-deceased prime suspect in the 2001 anthrax attacks despite lingering suspicions that the bureau has accused the wrong man.
In August, the FBI and Justice Department identified Bruce Ivins, a former microbiologist at the U.S. Army's biological weapons research center at Ft. Detrick, Md., as the “only person involved” in the attacks that killed five people.
But David Hardy, the section chief of the FBI's records management division, notified McClatchy Newspapers that his office couldn't immediately release the records because there were “investigative leads still open” and the FBI needed to withhold the documents to protect confidential sources, privacy, law enforcement techniques and a suspect's right to a fair trial.
McClatchy had filed a request for the documents under the federal Freedom of Information Act, which generally permits the release of records of a dead person. Ivins committed suicide in July.
In a letter received by McClatchy today, Hardy said the FBI has identified a “significant number” of documents related to Ivins that haven't been released and is still searching for other relevant records.
Read article
We have our first major trade of the off-season! Okay, so there is still that whole “World Series” thing that has to go down, but who watches that anyway?
In today's edition of Grade That Trade! we have three very young, talented teams swapping players. It looks like the Marlins got sick of Heath Bell thinking that walking OTHER people would help burn calories. But that contract was surely burning a hole through Jeffrey Loria's pockets.
Bell was shipped off to Arizona, to join a bullpen that actually didn't need that much help. Miami ate $8 million of the $21 million left on Bell's contract, and received a highly-ranked third base prospect, Yordy Cabrera (no relation to Miguel – I checked), from the Oakland A's to complete their end of the deal.
Aside from taking on the behemoth contract of Bell, the D'Backs snatched middle infielder Cliff Pennington from the A's, and sent outfielder Chris Young to Oakland. Whew, that was a doozy. Let me break this down for you:
Marlins Get:
3B Yordy Cabrera (Single-A)
Diamondbacks Get:
RP Heath Bell
SS/2B Cliff Pennington
A's Get:
OF Chris Young
This trade has a lot of question marks surrounding it, a lot of bad contract cash flowing through it, and plenty of very interesting theories because of it. For example, who the hell is Yordy Cabrera? According to friends of the organization, he is “pretty damn good.”
When looking at his stats, I have to question if my sources were tailgating for college football all day – Cabrera's best season was 2011, when he hit .231 with 6 homers, 47 RBI and 23 stolen bases (he also had 21 doubles and 5 triples in 359 at-bats). His on-base percentage was below .300 and his OPS was a staggeringly-low .664 that year (.625 in 2012).
I can't deny that on paper, the kid has potential. At 6'1″, 205 pounds, only 22 years old with gap power and speed, you've got to like what he could become. But he better play some solid defense if he's not going to develop into a serviceable Major League third baseman some day.
If Cabrera has his head on straight, you could be looking at a player who turns the doubles into homers, cuts down on strike outs and steals 30 bags a year. That could equate to a mid to high-.200's hitter with 15 homers and 30 stolen bases. Time will tell, but the Marlins could have turned Bell in for scrap metal if Cabrera doesn't pan out.
The most interesting question for me is what the A's are going to do now with such a crowded, talented outfield. My gut says there is no way they can cut ties with the heart and soul of that lineup, Coco Crisp. He was a spark plug down the stretch and proved that when healthy, he's one of the best leadoff hitters in baseball.
That being said, with the immensely talented (yet always hurt or underperforming) Chris Young on board, there are four starting outfielders for three spots. We know Billy Beane isn't crazy enough to trade away Josh Reddick or Yoenis Cespedes, but is he possibly thinking of swapping Young back to someone for some prospects?
Oakland could use a few infield bats to develop, as their outfield looks set for the near future. But the A's have question marks at catcher and second base (depending on how Jemile Weeks bounces back), and could use a solid, every day first baseman. One thing this move means for sure, is that Stephen Drew will likely be sticking around in Oakland with Pennington out.
As for Arizona. Oh, Arizona. I'm not sure I understand the moves they made at all. Not only did they take on $13 million of an overweight, over the hill relief pitcher's contract, but they paid part of Young's contract to send him to Oakland. They essentially swapped Drew for Pennington (the A's picked up Drew from the D'backs in the middle of the regular season), which is a huge downgrade. AND they lost Young, who has 30/30 potential if he can play a full, healthy, focused season.
Not only do the moves puzzle me, but I don't see how they made the Diamondbacks a better team at all. Maybe Arizona has some tricks up it's sleeves, because they usually make very savvy moves. Justin Upton could be the next outfielder out the door, leaving an outfield of Jason Kubel, Gerardo Parra and Adam Eaton in the desert.
Sure, it's not a bad outfield – but it was a lot better with Young and Upton there (assuming Upton gets moved). Either way, I have to grade this trade on what has happened, not what might happen. And for that, I give the following marks:
Oakland A's: B+
The's now have a crowded outfield with a lot of options, and plenty of curious fans. What comes next for Billy Beane? Getting rid of Pennington was a long time coming, but now they are short on infield depth. If Yordy Cabrera does pan out, they might kick themselves down the road. Then again, this team proved it can win now. So I applaud the move to bring in immediate help.
Miami Marlins: A-
Sure, they got a Single-A infielder who got on base at a worse clip than Juan Uribe does, but he is only 22. There is plenty of room for Cabrera to turn into a great player. It depends on how they develop him. Getting rid of Heath Bell and his ridiculous contract is reason enough for the Marlins' front office to celebrate.
Arizona Diamondbacks: D+
I just don't get it. Trade away an outfielder who could have star potential, just because you're tired of waiting. In return, take on a big contract for an old, declining reliever and a slick-fielding, yet offensively inept middle infielder? Unless G.M. Kevin Towers has some tricks up his sleeve, this will remain a head scratcher.
If you like what you see, don't forget to follow @3u3d on Twitter and LIKE Three Up, Three Down on Facebook!
– Jeremy Dorn (@Jamblinman)
Advertisements
Today, during discussion of the Affordable Care Act's Women's Health package, Senator Tom Harkin mentioned that birth control pills can benefit women who have difficulty with menstruation. And conservatives, themselves obsessed with regulating women's anatomy, once again proved that they're incapable of dealing with the utter, Carrie-getting-her-period-in-the-shower grotesqueness of all things female body-related by reacting with horror. How dare a politician use medically accurate language in discussions of hoo-ha whore pills for the Down There? What has happened to civility in this country?!
Harkin was defending the Affordable Care Act's mandate that insurance plans cover preventative care, including birth control pills, which many conservatives don't like because they enable whorishness and offend religious people who don't want other women to use their insurance plans to buy birth control for themselves.
Advertisement
So what's the horrible, gross thing that Harkin dared utter in the presence of delicate man-ears?
There are many women who take birth control pills, for example, because they have terrible menstrual cramps once a month, some of them almost incapacitated, can't work. I know of young women myself who, because of this, aren't able to work and be productive, and it's prescribed by their doctor.
SOMEONE PLEASE FETCH ME A HANDFUL OF SMELLING SALTS AND A COPY OF THE HOLY SCRIPTURES.
Advertisement
Dana Loesch over at Breitbart was one of the folks horrified by Harkin's true and accurate statement that uses medically appropriate terms. Besides, she asserts, he's LYING. He's another LYING LIAR of LIES. She writes,
It's asinine to suggest that birth control is the only way women can control menstrual cramps. Speaking from experience with endometriosis, there are a number of other remedies available to women that assist with this issue, not just birth control pills. If it was about women's health, the "birth control" aspect wouldn't be at the spear of the left's push.
Harkin never asserts that all women who have cramps must use pills; just that some women who have cramps experience relief after using birth control as prescribed by their doctors, who presumably know a thing or two about how to treat people who are not feeling well. Additionally, Loesch doesn't discuss the fact that there are actually many aspects of the ACA's women's health package — like domestic violence counseling, breast screening, and HPV testing— that have nothing to do with birth control. She also fails to disclose what, exactly, those other remedies for cramps are, but I'm sure they work on everyone, since she's got personal anecdata about endometriosis and is a medical doctor Tea Party radio pundit from St. Louis. Besides, why go with what medical cure works best when we can ignore the last 50 years of advances in women's health and try to use, I don't know, dream catchers and prayers to get rid of cramps instead of what's most effective? Let's prioritize the unprovable beliefs of offended bishops over the health of women who actually need birth control for actual medical conditions.
Advertisement
Know what's worse than men telling women what they must do? Other women helping men who tell other women what's best for them. And menstrual cramps.
[Big Government]
0 Piles of mail dumped in woods; USPS investigating
DEKALB COUNTY, Ga. - The United States Postal Service has launched an investigation after residents in DeKalb County reported to Channel 2 Action News seeing a worker dumping several bins of mail in the woods.
A Channel 2 Action News viewer sent Tyisha Fernandes video and photos of the mail in the woods behind a subdivision in Decatur.
After seeing the mail for ourselves, we contacted the USPS. They sent investigators to the scene and they filled more than a dozen bins with dumped mail.
"It's just so uncalled for," Theresa Williams said. "To just take somebody's personal mail and just discard it like that."
TRENDING STORIES:
Neighbors who live in the area told Fernandes they're upset because they haven't received important mail.
"You have business statements, bank statements, very important mail that people are looking for and probably waiting for," said HOA president Kellie Campbell.
Campbell took video of the postal worker dumping the mail.
"I sat there and recorded for about 5 minutes. And he continued to just grab more mail and continued to just toss it over the fence," Campbell said.
It took several workers a few hours to collect all the mail from the ditch.
"That's where my mail at, down in that hole down there in the woods," Johnnie Lanier said. "I think that was very disrespectful."
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
AMSTERDAM (JTA) — Two weeks ago, a 29-year-old man waving a Palestinian flag smashed the windows of a kosher restaurant with a wooden club, stealing an Israeli flag there. Police arrested the suspect on the spot.
The December 7 incident, which occurred the day after President Donald Trump declared that the United States officially recognizes Jerusalem as Israel's capital, triggered an outpouring of condemnations by Dutch leaders. Prime Minister Mark Rutte called it “terrible,” and 15 lawmakers ate there that evening as a gesture of solidarity.
Yet just 60 hours later the suspect — identified in the media as Saleh Ali — was free. Authorities never divulged details about his identity and origins despite the absence of a gag order, and reports that Ali was a former combatant in Syria's civil war in the Netherlands on an asylum-seeker visa.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The lack of clarity on these issues is feeding a growing resentment among the Jewish community here regarding the authorities' handling of the attack itself, along with the aftermath. Some point to the police's apparent inaction during the attack — in a video, authorities appear to witness the violent incident without interfering — as problematic. But to many Dutch Jews, perhaps the most disturbing aspect is that the draft indictment against Ali mentions only vandalism and theft.
In other words, Dutch officials don't consider Ali's actions a hate crime. And that, according to Jewish leaders, is a problem.
During the trial, which began here Wednesday, Ali declined to answer the judge's questions and “kept going on about the Palestinian cause,” according to Saskia Belleman, the court correspondent of De Telegraaf daily, who reported the suspect has been assigned a psychiatric evaluation.
It also emerged in court that Ali told an officer after his arrest that the attack was “only the first step.”
Asked about the next step, he said: “I will tell you later, no one needs to know.”
Such statements are “chilling,” said Ronny Naftaniel, who spent 40 years at the helm of the Netherlands' main anti-Semitism watchdog group, CIDI.
“I have never encountered a case like this,” added Naftaniel, who retired in 2013. “And I am one of many Dutch Jews whose confidence in the judiciary has been compromised here.”
By contrast, police held a Dutch Jew named Michael Jacobs for a week this summer for repeatedly standing near anti-Israel protesters while wearing an Israeli flag, even though there are no laws prohibiting it.
“Apparently the judiciary does not see any parallels” between Jacobs and the kosher restaurant attacker, Esther Voet, editor-in-chief of the NIW Dutch Jewish weekly, wrote in an op-ed published last week.
“Far-right violence is swiftly punished. But this,” Voet wrote of the restaurant attack, “that's different. The Jews were asking for it.”
The Public Prosecution Service declined to tell JTA anything about the suspect but his age and city of residence in the Netherlands, which is Amsterdam. A spokesman declined to say why other details are being withheld. He said the suspect was released because “there were no grounds to detain him” any longer.
In the background of how authorities are handling the case, Voet said, is fear that the incident may help the Netherlands' rising populist right wing — led by the anti-Islam politician Geert Wilders of the Party for Freedom.
“Authorities attempt, out of fear from further polarization in society, to sweep everything under the carpet, but it's having the opposite effect,” she told the Metro daily. “We are not the Jews of past decades, we will not sit quietly as this happens to us. We will speak out.”
This reference to a past in which 75 percent of Dutch Jewry was murdered in the Holocaust is unusual for such a prominent representative of Dutch Jewry. But it's not the only one. Frits Barend, one of the country's best-known Jewish journalists, told De Telegraaf daily after the attack: “It reminds of me Kristallnacht” — the name for the 1938 pogroms organized by Nazis against Jews.
CIDI under its current director, Hanna Luden, called the suspect's release “shocking.”
Coupled with the scaling back this year of police protection for Jewish-owned buildings in Amsterdam — a precaution that was taken after the 2015 slaying of four Jews in Paris by an Islamist — the incident at the HaCarmel kosher restaurant and its handling by authorities “are making Dutch Jews feel less safe,” Naftaniel said.
Earlier this year, similar complaints were heard from many French Jews. They vocally and persistently protested the absence of a hate crime charge from the indictment of a 27-year-old Muslim man who on April 4 killed Sarah Halimi, his 67-year-old Jewish neighbor, while shouting about Allah and calling her a demon. The man, Kobili Traore, had a history of anti-Semitic rhetoric.
Traore was not arrested but was hospitalized for weeks in an institution for treating mental illnesses, although he had no record of such problems. Police refused to disclose his whereabouts and the conditions of his detainment for months.
The Halimi attack occurred just weeks before presidential elections, which brought the far-right National Front party closer to power than ever. As such, the case was “covered up” by the judiciary, charged Francis Kalifat, the president of the CRIF umbrella of French Jewish communities, including during a public address before President Emmanuel Macron.
Amid local and international pressure, French prosecutors added hate crime charges in September.
But the Dutch Jewish community, which on Sunday held a Hanukkah ceremony in Amsterdam to thank police and the justice minister for their protection, has not yet reached their “Sarah Halimi moment,” Naftaniel said, referring to the silent marches that French Jews held to protest the affair.
“But the kosher restaurant has definitely caused many Dutch Jews to pause, look around and ask tough questions of the authorities,” Naftaniel said. “That's a good thing.”
SEATTLE (KOMO) -- A motorcycle flash mob took over the streets of Seattle, riding the wrong way, with some bikes on sidewalks.
A short time later, a driver in North Seattle was surrounded by a mob of motorcycles.
Seattle police said that driver was assaulted by one of those bikers.
One witness to the street brawl — who did not feel comfortable being identified — said she saw a large motorcycle group surround a pickup truck on Aurora Avenue North.
Then police said riders pulled a man from the truck, and someone attacked him
"I've seen smaller things happen around here nothing like that massive, it was insane to me,” the witness said. “All of a sudden I saw people taking their helmets off, and dropping them on the ground and running into this guy's truck and they were shaking it all around and broke his side view mirror and there was this huge fight that happened."
Investigators said this motorcycle group is similar to the one seen around town earlier Saturday when video shows some of the riders going the wrong way, up on sidewalks and doing burnouts.
By the time police officers responded to Aurora Avenue, the group split off into smaller groups and dispersed.
Police said since most of the riders wore helmets, no one got a good description of who attacked the pickup driver.
Police are still investigating if this was an incident of road rage or if the victim knew his attacker.
Police said they have been monitoring the bikers but no one has been arrested.
“Everybody stopped what they were doing, they were on their phones people calling 911 and filming stuff to try and get more evidence to the police,” the witness said.
A KOMO News Facebook post with a video of the riders got more than 250 comments, including some people who had seen them.
Yes, MATLAB is also having sense of HUMOR. And, there are many commands in MATLAB, that their programmer left for the users to find, that may be to fulfill their need of enjoyment. Yes, they also know & would have felt while programming the MATLAB software, that sometime programming becomes really creepy & its very hectic for the programmer to get it through. If the desired result is not coming, programmers tends to get frustrated by seeing that. So in their language, they have left many "Ester Eggs" in MATLAB, that a user can try. They may belong to the category given below:
So let us also try few of them:- (this is the continuation of the previous part)
13. x=[-2:.001:2],y=(sqrt(cos(x)).*cos(200*x)+sqrt(abs(x))-0.7).*(4-x.*x).^0.01,plot(x,y);
Just copy & paste above command, & you will see that a "heart shaped" waveform is plotted.
Have you ever played the good old Asteroid game? Yes MATLAB has it inbuilt to kill your boredom, just type "eml_asteroids" and it will come in front of you, PLAY n ENJOY! You will be the master of your ship & you have to kill the asteroid, shooting is done through "spacebar".
MATLAB fixed point version of the classic Asteroids game.The classic Asteroids game. Even though it is purely fictitious (and not even physically correct), it is nevertheless a complicated dynamic system including collisions, rotating polygons and gaming logic.
MATLAB's version of Conway's Game of Life. "Life" is a cellular automaton invented by John Conway that involves live and dead cells in a rectangular, two-dimensional universe. In MATLAB, the universe is a sparse matrix that is initially all zero.
Whether cells stay alive, die, or generate new cells depends upon how many of their eight possible neighbors are alive. By using sparse matrices, the calculations required become astonishingly simple. We use periodic (torus) boundary conditions at the edges of the universe. Pressing the "Start" button automatically seeds this universe with several small random communities. Some will succeed and some will fail.
19. "lorenz" command:
Plot the orbit around the Lorenz chaotic attractor. As the integration proceeds you will see a point moving around in a curious orbit in 3-D space known as a strange attractor.
20. "sf_tictacflow" command:
Ever played Tic Tac Toe, here is the MATLAB's version of the same. Just type in "sf_tictacflow", and play!
21. "spy" command:
This command will show up you an interesting picture & that will actually depend upon the MATLAB's version you are using, in the older versions it used to display comic spy like creature & in 2012 version and onwards it is displaying the sketch of a dog. So try and find!
22. "xpbombs" command:
Play the minesweeper game in MATLAB's style. There are 13 bombs hidden in the mine field. Try to flag them and uncover all of the other spaces without getting blown up. In each non-bomb square is printed the number of adjacent squares which contain bombs. In our case we lost, try to win!
23. "xpquad" command:
Its the Superquadrics plotting demonstration by MATLAB. The shapes are defined by two parameters, known as vertical roundness and horizontal roundness. These two parameters are, controlled by the sliders. By adjusting these parameters, you can make a cube, a sphere, a cylinder, and dozens of curious generalized ellipsoids.
24. "xpsound" command:
Demonstrate MATLAB's sound capability.
You may view the audio graphically in three ways:
# The time sequence is a 2D plot of the data as a function of time.
# In the PSD form.
# In the spectrogram view.
14.15.Its a command that will open a simulink model & a simulation of virtual fire will be started.16.It will open up a sliding puzzle of fifteen squares and sixteen slots.17.Knot command will open up a 3-D knot in front of us.18.
I am the Master of my Fate and the Captain of my Destiny. – Nelson Mandela
Destiny: the undeniable “mystery” (i.e. the events that will necessarily happen to a particular person or thing in the future) which unravels itself with time.
Are we free from the clutches of destiny? Can a man completely control his destiny? Are we the puppets of fate, or the masters of our own fate? These are questions which pose themselves before every man at some point in his life, depending on the circumstances he finds himself in. We didn't choose what we were born as, or what or whom we were born with; but at the same time we can choose whom to associate or relate with, or where or what we could be.
Katsumoto: You believe a man can change his destiny? Nathan Algren: I think a man does what he can, until his destiny is revealed.
Life at times appears as a mixture of pre-determinism and free will: but most of the time our free will helps us to shape the reality we can create—even if it may be through extensive effort.
Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life and you will call it fate. ― C.G. Jung
Yet the more you see at life, the more one realizes that man's control over his circumstances, no matter how great it may be, is still limited. And more so, is his control over fellow beings. The impermanence of circumstances and people's behavior due to the certainty of change in life renders most of man's control over these factors in life as: limited. Sometimes shit happens when you least expect it….
..yet, you can still decide how to deal with it.
Thus, the greatest (and most complete) control what a man can actually achieve in his life is over his own self—which unfortunately most men fail to accomplish, or even pursue.
Modern society often argues that it is easier to control others, than ourselves—but in reality on the flip side, it is also easy to control the self, which would help us better control and influence others if we devote ourselves to learning how to do it.
You will never have a greater or lesser dominion than that over yourself…the height of a man's success is gauged by his self-mastery; the depth of his failure by his self-abandonment. …And this law is the expression of eternal justice. He who cannot establish dominion over himself will have no dominion over others.
― Leonardo da Vinci
The mastery of one's own self to forge one's own destiny is possibly the ultimate test a man could face in his life. How we maintain our frame in the face of life's uncertainties can give us important clues on how far we have gone down the path of self mastery. There are only two things in life which are certain: change, and the grim reaper. Every human being has to experience them sometime or the other, so the time we have in life is what is our greatest possession.
Self mastery possibly represents the ultimate goal that a man could achieve (or could seek to achieve)— for it is a potent tool that helps us to create the reality or destiny that we seek for ourselves…
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. ― Ralph Waldo Emerson
…and self mastery plays an important role in that, as it encompasses the attributes necessary for often creating a self-willed reality.
If you do not create your destiny, you will have your fate inflicted upon you. – William Irvin Thompson
We can only control what we can control. And the most cherished thing that we can control is the self.
If you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self.” – Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich
Since the journey of self mastery is possibly the most difficult (and important) journey a man can undertake in his life, there are certain factors which are extremely important and necessary for the process, and the subsequent attainment of it. They are:
1.The knowledge of self-discovery, and courage
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom. – Aristotle
This is the seed, the first step towards self mastery. Who are you—as a person, taking in regard the complete sum of your nature-given gifts and flaws? Do you really know yourself? Have you discovered your true self and the purpose of your life?
You cannot control or estimate who you are or what you can do, unless you know first who you are or what you can do. Answering these questions honestly is the least a man can do for himself, to begin self-discovery. You cannot master the self until you know what your own self is – for many are often afraid to take the plunge into the abyss of their own selves to face their personal “demons” – but rather choose to “safely” spend their lives trying to “discover” others.
And you? When will you begin that long journey into yourself? ― Rumi
We can control others because we know what they think, how they'd act, or what they can or would do; but do we know what our own selves are capable of? Thus self discovery becomes very important for the formation and correct estimation of the true self in one's own mind, as we can't see ourselves in first person as others do.
The formation of the true self image after self discovery leads to the correct visual reality or the goals we can properly visualize for ourselves. Such is the power of self-discovery, for it grants us with the true knowledge of what we realistically are and what we are capable of, which itself is Power. This power, coupled with courage, is an important catalyst on the path to self mastery.
Courage in the context of self mastery is not recklessness; rather it is the ability to face the truth (knowledge) of the flaws within ourselves and the dangers (fears) around us which limit us, and to make efforts to overcome them.
A man's fears often limit him unnecessarily, which stunt his identity. Fear can be of two types: the known and the unknown—but can be overcome with the shrewd, sincere, and dedicated use of courage, coupled with knowledge – for the masterful man knows which battles to pick wisely. The man who rises up to his fears is thus the master of his own self, and can take charge of his destiny.
Knowledge and Courage are the elements of Greatness. They give immortality, because they are immortal. Each is as much as he knows, and the wise can do anything. A man without knowledge, a world without light. Wisdom and strength, eyes and hands. Knowledge without courage is sterile. – Baltasar Gracian, The Art of Worldly Wisdom
2. Self-Belief
Within the self, that is. If you don't believe or trust in yourself, no one can help you.
To be a champ you have to believe in yourself when no one else will. – Sugar Ray Robinson
Belief (or faith) in oneself is possibly the greatest belief that a man could harbor (after belief in God). The human body and mind is incredible, when it comes to feats of greatness. All of these were possible with the power of belief.
Loading...
To become masters of the self, we must first believe that we can become masters of the self. That self-belief is the dynamo which unrelentingly fuels the journey of a man on the path of self mastery, in face of failures and pitfalls.
3. Willpower and Discipline
Will power is to the mind like a strong blind man who carries on his shoulders a lame man who can see. – Arthur Schopenhauer
“When there is a will, there is a way,” as the saying goes. To control the self, willpower is undoubtedly necessary. Man, created free, is possibly the greatest slave to his own volition. But how many men ever manage to control their own volition—and train their own minds?
If you are going to win any battle, you have to do one thing. You have to make the mind run the body. Never let the body tell the mind what to do… the body is never tired if the mind is not tired. ― George S. Patton
Willpower and discipline are important tools in the arsenal of the masterful man. Learn how to generate them, even if the process may be mutually exclusive.
4. The art of delaying self-gratification
As mentioned above, most men are slaves to their own volition.
Find out each man's thumbscrew. ‘Tis the art of setting their wills in action. It needs more skill than resolution. You must know where to get at anyone. Every volition has a special motive which varies according to taste. All men are idolaters, some fame, others of selfinterest, most pleasure. Skill consists in knowing these idols in order to bring them into play. – Baltasar Gracian (1601-1658)
Now imagine, if a man knew his own thumbscrews—and mastered them. Would he be at the easy disposal of others who would set “his will into action”? The masterful man who is the master of his own pleasure is not only the one who can attain or create his pleasure easily, but also the one who can delay its gratification – at his own will.
5. Minimalism
To be a true master of yourself, you must be free from others. The more you're free from external obligations, the more you're free to lead the life you'd want. That's where minimalism can be expressed in your life – by de-cluttering and making your life free from external interferences as much as possible.
Live a minimalist life—free from unnecessary things, ideas and even people—which and who limit your freedom. Learn the ways of how to create your own freedom. Cultivate simplicity, frugality and austerity. In today's commercial times, not only will this help to conserve your resources and maintain your financial freedom—which lubricates other types of freedom—but it will also bestow onto you the survivor's mindset, which will help you to make the best of any situation, how matter how difficult and trying it may be.
6. Emotional Detachment
Directly linked to the factor above, the virtues of emotional detachment cannot be explained enough. You cannot become the master of your own fate, as long as others continue to have a say in to ‘control' and determine your actions, thoughts, and thus eventual fate.
The man who finds security and fulfillment within himself is the true master of the self. He doesn't let things, myths, unfounded beliefs, or people rule his life , as he is free from attachments to such which would limit him. The real reason of his fulfillment is because he lives his life naturally as a free being, as nature created him to be—to discover his own unique identity and create his own destiny.
The most important aspect of my personality as far as determining my success goes; has been my questioning conventional wisdom, doubting experts and questioning authority. While that can be painful in your relationships with your parents and teachers, it's enormously useful in life. – Larry Ellison
Emotional detachment is, if you think deeply about it, a liberating form of self-love that a man can and should develop.
7. Perseverance and Patience
The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down. ― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful
On the path towards self-mastery, there are bound to be innumerable mistakes, what people may brand as “failures.” But a mistake is not a failure, as long as you continue to pull yourself back onto the path of self-mastery. Enlightened men went through a period of “failures” during their metamorphosis into self-masterful men; for no one learns self-mastery from the mother's womb.
The key is not to lose focus, and more importantly, patience with the process. A great quality of the men who attained self-mastery was patience: not only with others, but more so with the self, when they failed. As the teacher is patient with the student's mistakes during the learning process, they were patient enough with themselves to stick onto the path of self-mastery and continued to persevere without quitting.
8. Self Reliance
The great man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude. ― Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance
Self-explanatory as it is, the power of self reliance is one of the core strengths of the master—which he develops and guards persistently. He thus becomes the rock to which others lean onto, just like the mountain to which the dew gravitates to.
9. Acceptance
People around you, constantly under the pull of their emotions, change their ideas by the day or by the hour, depending on their mood. You must never assume that what people say or do in a particular moment is a statement of their permanent desires. ― Robert Greene, Mastery
The value of acceptance is explored quite vividly in Robert Greene's bestseller “Mastery”,which teaches important lessons on the subject. Some of the greatest challenges we often face in life involve accepting life for the shit it throws at us through the unpleasant circumstances, events, things and people we may encounter.
True social intelligence—the hallmark of a master—also involves guile, and sometimes suffering fools gladly, and trying to see yourself as how people see you —so as to be in a better position to deal with them, once you know their perception of you. This acceptance is thus not easy to practice by all, but only by the initiated as it involves a lot of patience and endurance—qualities necessary for both self-mastery, and mastery over others.
Conclusion
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies, for the hardest victory is over self. – Aristotle
Many successful men live their lives mastering others without mastering themselves. Happiness from success is not a goal, but a journey. But the greatest fulfillment comes from freedom, for it allows us the leverage to shape the destiny we desire for ourselves—which is often and truly created by self-mastery of the self, which itself is a journey.
Read Next: How I Found Freedom In An Unfree World
Metro trains could soon smell a lot sweeter, thanks to a plan the transit agency announced last week to install deodorizers in every one of its rail cars.
Though Metro CEO Phil Washington claimed in October that the agency steam cleans seats on trains and buses daily, many riders have complained about the unpleasant aromas that tend to settle into the cars after several hours of ferrying about passengers with wildly varying personal hygiene habits.
The new deodorizers will first be installed in Red and Purple Line trains before expanding to the rest of the system. According to The Source, the charcoal-filled devices absorb odors while simultaneously releasing a pleasant lavender-vanilla scent. Metro promises this new aroma will be “very very slight.”
Meanwhile, the agency also recently spent $178 million on 64 brand-new subway cars—with hundreds more potentially on the way. The new cars are in part meant to facilitate the under-construction Purple Line extension, but, with sleek new interiors and now deodorizers, they should also help to improve rider experience right away.
Before spending 150 words excoriating his company's user base for harassing its interim CEO with slurs and Hitler comparisons until she quit, Reddit board member Sam Altman wanted to express some excitement as he ended his announcement of the site's new CEO, Steve Huffman.
And here's what he was excited about: a company goal.“I'm particularly happy that Steve is so passionate about mobile,” he wrote. “I'm very excited to use reddit more on my phone.”
Reddit users had grown weary of interim CEO Ellen Pao for, they say, instituting unprecedented changes—firing the site's popular community liaison for allegedly not making a popular site feature more inherently sellable and palatable to advertisers, and banning a handful of subreddits that subsisted solely on hate speech—then covering it all up with tech bubble talking points that came days too late.
But “passionate about mobile” is about as close to a line of corpohumanoid dialogue from Silicon Valley as a press release can get.
In hindsight, Reddit's community of over 160 million people was once again told to sit in the corner for its role in allowing all of this hate speech to occur, then was immediately told the money it had made the company would go toward a new way to monetize the free labor of those same 160 million people.It was no different than how they'd been treated in the past, and no new tools or solutions—outside of still unmet promises—were proffered to counter the hate.In the heat of the moment, excited that Pao had been dispatched, the Reddit community skipped over it.But Huffman's new CEO grace period ended on Tuesday.
Reddit isn't a nonprofit. It can't be. It is, and always was, a for-profit company.But something like it can be a nonprofit. All it takes is 160 million people with a big megaphone who are ready to leave.
Journalists and human rights defenders across Africa have achieved a huge victory in the battle for freedom of expression.
In a landmark judgment on December 5, the African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights ruled that Burkina Faso violated the right to freedom of expression of Burkinabé journalist Issa Lohé Konaté. Konaté, the editor of a weekly newspaper, was sentenced to 12 months in prison in 2012 after he published two articles accusing a public prosecutor of abusing his power. His paper was shut down for six months, and he was ordered to pay excessive fines, damages, and costs.
From Angola to Tunisia to Somalia, criminal defamation laws are used by governments to jail journalists like Konaté who try to expose corruption, critique government policy, and inform the public. International norms on freedom of expression standards hold that defamation should be considered a civil matter, not a crime punishable with imprisonment. These norms also recognize that public figures, while entitled to protection of their reputation, should tolerate a greater degree of criticism than private citizens.
Activists have long called for the abolition of criminal defamation laws, arguing they are open to abuse and can result in very harsh consequences. And as repeal of these laws in an increasing number of countries shows, these laws are not necessary for protecting reputations.
The African human rights court's ruling is sweet vindication for Konaté and his lawyers at the Media Legal Defence Initiative, but its significance extends well beyond Burkina Faso. The court ordered Burkina Faso to amend its law and the African court's decisions are binding on all African Union member states.
Take Angola, where Rafael Marques de Morais, a leading anti-corruption activist, has been charged with numerous criminal defamation charges. As in many such cases, the human rights violations and corruption alleged by Marques have been ignored, while the Angolan government focuses instead on suppressing his reporting.
Or Swaziland, where the editor of Swaziland's the Nation newspaper, Bheki Makhubu, and human rights lawyer Thulani Maseko were jailed for three months after publishing two articles written by Maseko that criticized Swaziland's chief justice.
With this ruling, Africa joins an increasing number of countries and international authorities who affirm that criminal defamation laws should not be used as a tool to restrict freedom of expression, that criminal sanctions, if applied, should only be used under extreme circumstances, that imprisonment should never be an option, and that other penalties should be proportionate. African governments should now heed the ruling and amend their laws, drop pending criminal defamation charges, and free those jailed under such laws. This would be the best news not just for journalists and human rights defenders, but for citizens of countries across the continent who have a right to know what is happening in their countries, and a right to express what they think about it.
(ESPN.com) – After he signed a six-year deal worth $36 million with the Canucks, veteran forward Loui Eriksson was expected to have an immediate impact while playing on the same line with Henrik Sedin and Daniel Sedin. The Swedish trio played together during the World Cup of Hockey and their evident chemistry was a good sign of things to come for the Canucks. It hasn't continued into the NHL season. Canucks coach Willie Desjardins has moved Eriksson off the top line, and after a 3-0 loss Wednesday to the Canadiens, Eriksson remains without a goal and has only four assists in his first 10 games for the Canucks.
Loui Eriksson has as many goals and thrown as many punches as Jimmy Hayes has this season. That's a statistical similarity that I figured would last about 8 minutes into the first game, tops. Especially when you consider Loui has been riding shotgun with the Sedin brothers out in beautiful Vancouver.
I was an unapologetic card-carrying member of the Loui Eriksson Fan Club, New England chapter, during his time with the Bruins. I was the president of that club if we're being honest. And I'm still waiting to see hands like his in tight around the net from some one on the Black n' Gold. He was a dynamite piece to a power play that isn't exactly producing right now. But despite my man crush I am glad the B's didn't cave and hand him that juicy 6×6 golden parachute he ended up getting in free agency from the Canucks.
I'm not sure what's going on with Loui, maybe it's just adjusting to new linemates and play in the Western Conference. This funk will pass for the smooth Swede. He's too good of a player not to figure it out. And he's definitely not Jimmy Hayes. I mean, just look at him. Blue Steel, indeed.
When former Twitter executive Jason Goldman was tapped as the first-ever White House CDO last month, details are still (understandably) vague on what his charter will be.
President Obama announced “Our mission is to use every single tool available to ensure that all Americans can contribute to and benefit from our American resurgence.” In a Medium post, Goldman's own description of his job had all the professional vagueness of a resume entry: “My job will be to use…online tools to create meaningful opportunities for American citizens to participate in our government.”
The question is, will Goldman be completing the same old bureaucratic tasks with a fresh “digital” wrapper, or will he be overseeing something revolutionary — something like online voting?
The Estonian Experiment
Though the idea of casting votes from our desktops or mobile devices might seem strange, there are plenty of reasons to start looking into such an initiative. The electronic voting machines currently being used in most polling places are badly outdated, and the funds to replace them and avoid potentially disastrous security and usability issues would be exorbitant, to say the least. Online voting would offer an incredibly affordable solution to this problem, and could also make the process easier for the elderly and citizens in the military stationed overseas.
Of course, there are always those who are so often too lazy or too busy to vote. If the new system allows voters to send in ballots on their mobile devices, however, even these citizens would have literally no excuse to disengage from civic participation.
What's more, the idea has worked before, albeit on a much smaller scale. According to a study from the Atlantic Council, Estonia became the first country to use an online voting system to hold national elections in 2005. With an ID “smartcard” and PIN code issued by the government, citizens of the Baltic nation logged in to the voting system and anonymously submitted their ballots. Following many successful regional and national elections, both the government and electorate seem comfortable with the system and its security.
Vulnerabilities
Still, it would be misleading to imply that such a system could work in the U.S. because of its success with a small population (Estonia's is 1.2 million, according to the latest CIA estimates) and a country at relatively low risk for cyberattacks. Issuing individual ID cards to the entire American populace is something of a taller order, and in light of the prominent cybersecurity breaches at Target and the CIA's Twitter account, it's safe to say that we'd have to some serious improvements to comfortably hold a safe, web-based election in America.
But the current method of electronic voting and its obsolete technology isn't much less vulnerable to outside tampering. As the Atlantic Council report points out, “Paper-based voting can be manipulated easily in a number of ways, from ballot-stuffing to intimidation by corrupt officials.” The highly-sensitive 2014 Ukrainian presidential elections, which relied on traditional voting methods, were almost hijacked by state-sanctioned Russian hackers, proving that any voting system is susceptible to corruption without strong security measures and technologies in place.
Improving the safety and security of America's web communications is a high priority for the Obama administration. Once that task has been accomplished, the potential for initiatives like online voting is immense — disenfranchisement and voter discrimination could be virtually eliminated by such a system. As the President and his CDO near the end of their terms, it's hard to imagine more “meaningful opportunities for American citizens to participate in our government” than that.
As right-wing movements have mounted increasingly strong challenges to political establishments across Europe and North America, many commentators have drawn parallels to the rise of fascism during the 1920s and 1930s. Last year, a French court ruled that opponents of Marine Le Pen, the leader of France's National Front, had the right to call her a “fascist”—a right they have frequently exercised. This May, after Norbert Hofer, the leader of Austria's Freedom Party, nearly won that country's presidential election, The Guardian asked, “How can so many Austrians flirt with this barely disguised fascism?” And in an article that same month about the rise of Donald Trump, the Republican U.S. presidential candidate, the conservative columnist Robert Kagan warned, “This is how fascism comes to America.” “Fascist” has served as a generic term of political abuse for many decades, but for the first time in ages, mainstream observers are using it seriously to describe major politicians and parties.
Fascism is associated most closely with Europe between the world wars, when movements bearing this name took power in Italy and Germany and wreaked havoc in many other European countries. Although fascists differed from country to country, they shared a virulent opposition to democracy and liberalism, as well as a deep suspicion of capitalism. They also believed that the nation—often defined in religious or racial terms—represented the most important source of identity for all true citizens. And so they promised a revolution that would replace liberal democracy with a new type of political order devoted to nurture a unified and purified nation under the guidance of a powerful leader.
Calling Le Pen, Trump, and other right-wing populists “fascists” obscures more than it clarifies.
Although today's right-wing populists share some similarities with the interwar fascists, the differences are more significant. And more important, what today's comparisons often fail to explain is how noxious politicians and parties grow into the type of revolutionary movements capable of fundamentally threatening
A woman said she plans to sue the state of Texas after she was raped by an inmate at a prison where she was working as a teacher.
Nicole Truelove, 45, stood in front of a federal courthouse in Houston on Thursday with her attorneys and tearfully shared her story with the public.
The Dallas Morning News does not typically name alleged victims of sexual assault, but Truelove has come forward publicly with her case.
She said she was teaching a class at the Ferguson Unit in Madison County on Nov. 13 when she saw one of the inmates masturbating in her classroom, according to the Houston Chronicle. After giving the inmate repeated warnings, she wrote him up.
When class was over, the inmate hid behind the classroom door and waited for everyone to leave, she said, including the correctional officers who were assigned to the area.
He "grabbed me by my hair and slammed me up against the back of my classroom door," Truelove said.
The four-time felon with a history of drug and burglary convictions threatened Truelove's children as he sexually assaulted her. There were no cameras posted in the area, she said, and the guards who should have been there were nowhere to be found, she said.
After she was released, she immediately reported the assault and went to the hospital for a rape kit, she said.
6 years ago
Tampa, Florida (CNN) - Billionaire industrialist David Koch, who critics accuse of bankrolling a fierce and costly campaign against President Obama, offered a rare rebuttal to Democratic attacks against him on Thursday.
Koch rarely speaks to the press. But at an event near the site of the Republican National Convention in Tampa, he responded to a CNN question regarding the Obama campaign's targeting of him as a prime political opponent.
Follow the Ticker on Twitter: @PoliticalTicker, catch the latest updates from the GOP convention on CNN's 2012 Conventions Live Blog, and check out the CNN Electoral Map and Calculator to game out your own strategy for November.
"We live in a country that believes in free speech," he said. "I'm a Republican and I believe in fiscal responsibility and supporting American business. So I think I have a right to speak out."
"The president says what he wants to. But I believe in free speech," Koch added.
The event - a private reception - was sponsored by the conservative group Americans for Prosperity, a prime supporter of the tea party movement. CNN was the only television network allowed to attend.
The event was titled, "A Salute to Entrepreneurs Building America." Besides Koch, also in attendance were AFP Chairman Art Pope and Republican lawmakers Jon Kyl, the Arizona senator, Wisconsin Sen. Ron Johnson, Arkansas Sen. John Boozman, and Georgia Rep. Tom Price. Hundreds of grassroots activists also attended.
Koch is the chairman of the AFP Foundation, the group's 501 (c)(3) whose work aims at "educating citizens about the value of limited government and a free market economy." He, along with brother Charles Koch, are the titans behind Koch Industries - the second-largest privately held company in the U.S.
The pair is fierce promoters of free enterprise. At the event, Koch defended his ideals.
"I think what is one of the greatest concerns that I have, that AFP is working on, is the deficits that the federal government is running which has risen to gigantic levels," Koch said. "And I'm very concerned that if these deficits continue, for years to come, that it's going to cause runaway inflation, the debt service will become unaffordable of the federal debt. And this country will see a terrible collapse. And I don't want to see this country collapse like Greece is doing or become like Zimbabwe with runaway inflation."
Sen. Johnson said: "We are in a fight for freedom. And let's face it: from my standpoint, the greatest threat to freedom is ignorance. And what Americans for Prosperity bring to the table is information."
Koch is a supporter of Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney. In July, the corporate titan hosted a private fundraiser for Romney at his estate in Southampton.
The Kochs have also been accused of bankrolling political attacks against the president and their Democratic opponents.
AFP has spent tens of millions of dollars in a broadcast campaign critical of President Obama. But detractors accuse the brothers of trying to sway the election towards conservatives and, in turn, advance policies that would benefit their own corporate interests.
Supporters of the Kochs have long denied those claims.
The Obama campaign has previously targeted the Kochs.
In February, the president's campaign sent out a fundraising letter tying the Kochs to Romney and accusing the brothers of bankrolling "tea party extremism" and committing $200 million in an attempt "to destroy President Obama before Election Day."
In response, Koch Companies Public Sector wrote an open letter directly to the Obama campaign.
"It is both surprising and disappointing that the President would allow his re-election team to send such an irresponsible and misleading letter to his supporters," the letter stated. It went on to defend the brothers' free market principles and denied they had committed $200 million against the president.
At Thursday's event, Koch also answered a reporter's question about being vilified by his detractors.
"Well, that's massively inaccurate in my opinion," Koch said. "I try to do things in life that make the world a better place. I'm very philanthropic. I'm a major contributor to cancer research, medical research. I'm a big supporter of cultural institutions, educational institutions."
On yesterday's “Prophetic Perspective on Current Events” program, Rick Joyner recounted the eight hours he spent in Heaven recently, as well as the regular face-to-face encounters he has been having with Enoch, the great-grandfather of Noah, and the Prophet Elijah.
During his recent visit, Joyner learned that there is no Ebola virus in Heaven and that Christians are capable of taking authority over the disease here on earth. In fact, there are certain people who are given “total authority over Ebola,” allowing them to cure people infected with the disease simply by being in their presence.
“Somebody with Ebola, they come into the room, the Ebola is gone,” Joyner said. “That person is healed. It cannot live, cannot exist in their presence.”
All Christians will one day have this same power, Joyner said, revealing that he even had a vision of children clearing entire regions of radiation simply through prayer:
SAN FRANCISCO — Adam Orth knows that he made a terrible mistake last April when he tweeted that he didn't understand the controversy about always-online game consoles. But having rebuilt his career to some extent after the firestorm that followed, he's rallying the industry against what he terms “Internet toxicity.”
At his Game Developers Conference 2014 talk “Mob Rules,” Orth described the chilling effect of Internet toxicity as “very real and very dangerous,” citing examples such as the attacks on Dong Nyugen following the removal of his game Flappy Bird from the iTunes App Store. He worried aloud that such attacks would continue to escalate into something “awful,” possibly even suicide.
“How did we get here? This supposed to be fun. This is supposed to be the dream. Nobody got into this industry to be ripped apart and have their families threatened online by the very people that consume their games,” Orth said during his speech. “Does it have to be like this?”
His talk came less than a year after he experienced the wrath of the Internet firsthand when he tweeted, “Sorry, I don't get the drama around having a ‘always on' console. Every device now is ‘always on.' That's the world we live in.” He concluded his tweet with a #dealwithit hashtag.
The tweet soon went viral, and Orth resigned from his position a few days later. At the height of the controversy, he said that he received nearly 60 negative tweets a minute. Irate people threatened to hack and destroy his finances and wished AIDs and cancer on his family. The reaction convinced Orth to disconnect from social media, fortify the security around his accounts, and even leave town for a few days.
One tweet cost him not only his job at Microsoft but a promising position in Los Angeles.
“People began to distance themselves from me,” he remembered. “I was dejected, ashamed, and embarrassed. I destroyed my career and feared being blacklisted by the industry. I went from income to no income.”
With the support of other developers, Orth was able to begin anew and start an independent studio, Three One Zero games. He still bears what he says are the scars of his experience, and he worries about the chilling effect on the industry if other developers receive similar treatment. On the condition of anonymity, Orth polled other developers for his talk and posted a few of their comments for the audience.
“Ultimately, it seems like the less they know about your game, the better,” said one developer. Another commented that “I just don't want to make games for these people anymore.”
Orth called such words “a disturbing narrative thread” that has emerged in the industry. “Developers don't want to put themselves out there in any form where they take abuse,” he said.
In battling the rise of Internet toxicity, Orth cited a few ideas that he considered positive. They included Riot Games' Summoner's Code (a set of behavior guidelines for players of its popular online game League of Legends), punishment Tribunal, and community representatives; game online publication Polygon's heavily moderated comments; and Microsoft's efforts to punish bad behavior while rewarding the good.
To the last point, he added a caveat: “I think I support this idea. But it can only succeed with a lot of thought and careful execution,” calling segregating gamers a “slippery slope.”
Orth, meanwhile, is addressing Internet toxicity in his own way. In the past year, he's started work on a game called Adr!ft, which places players in the role of an astronaut with a damaged suit who has been trapped in space after a terrible accident. The fallout that can come from Internet toxicity as well as interpersonal relationships are some of the game's major themes.
Orth said he can only do so much though, and he urged attendees to speak out using the hashtag “#getinvolved.”
He finished with advice for other developers: “Be the shining example to inspire others to action. Never forget the joy you get or that you give by illuminating it with video games.”
Flint Bernie Sanders on Thursday held an emotionally-charged discussion regarding the water crisis in Flint, Michigan, giving a prime example of just how moving his campaign style can be.
"Has the response been adequate? I suspect it has not. I want to hear what is going on today," Sanders said at Woodside Church, where a few hundred people were gathered for a community forum.
"If I am living in an average home here in Flint and I want to take a bath or shower, what happens? You flip the dice and you hope you don't get poisoned, is that what is going on? Water is now distributed this way?" Sanders asked as he held up a plastic bottle of water, shaking it over his head. The audience said yes.
Sanders said he pays $17 a month for water in Burlington, Vermont while he has heard that Flint residents pay $100 or more. "Why are you paying for the privilege of having poison water?" he asked rhetorically. In a hot popcorn-style, the folks in the room yelled how much they pay - revealing that some pay as much as $200 a month for their water. Later Sanders asked, "What is the quality of the water today? Is it drinkable in the average person's home?" An angry "No" filled the room. Sanders then allowed the folks in the room to share their stories, grievances, and questions.
In barbershops, South Carolina voters weigh in on 2016 politics
Mothers stood up and talked about their children, whose intellectual abilities seem to have dropped as a result of being poisoned. One woman whose son has been suspended from school 56 times asked Sanders what he would do for them as president. Before answering, the candidate allowed others to share their own stories. One woman talked about how frightening it is to see children give up, saying that they know what is going on.
Sanders pressed the need to rebuild the infrastructure in Flint and referenced his $1 trillion infrastructure plan. But as for an immediate response, there was debate over what should be done and what should not. Tension grew heated when the question of boiling water came up. Sanders asked, "There is still confusion about what is going on and what is safe and what is not safe?" The audience said there was. One man asked Sanders why their governor has not resigned for poisoning them or for "domestic terrorism."
Sanders has called for Governor Rick Snyder to resign, and he reminded them of that.
"The dereliction of duty to this community has been so extraordinary that I think in good conscience he should resign," Sanders said solemnly.
There were also grievances that the federal government has not sufficiently responded. One man told the senator that when the national media leaves, everyone is going to leave Flint alone. "You can help us, senator," he said.
"The federal government has to say this is an emergency," Sanders said in response, noting that they must act if the state and city do not have the resources to act. He added that if children being poisoned is not an emergency, "I just don't know what an emergency is."
Back in January, President Obama signed an emergency declaration that cleared the way for sending federal aid to Flint; however, his administration determined the city didn't qualify for additional disaster relief.
The city's problems were not all solved Thursday, but Sanders was thanked profusely for being there and received a standing ovation. One of the panelists offered the room lead test kits that she brought along.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
But Barish would want a serious renegotiation of terms before he'd build a little red roof back on the bridge.
The restaurant that moved in after Sals moved out, Chez Sophie sur le pont, abruptly closed its doors this week after a year-and-a-half in the far-from-customer-friendly space.
Earl Barish, president and CEO of the Salisbury House restaurant chain, said he would consider moving the company back into the space it occupied for seven years.
Everything old could be new again on the Esplanade Riel pedestrian bridge.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 4/2/2015 (1483 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 4/2/2015 (1483 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
WAYNE GLOWACKI / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS Chez Sophie sur le pont closed this week in the far-from-customer-friendly space.
Everything old could be new again on the Esplanade Riel pedestrian bridge.
Earl Barish, president and CEO of the Salisbury House restaurant chain, said he would consider moving the company back into the space it occupied for seven years.
The restaurant that moved in after Sals moved out, Chez Sophie sur le pont, abruptly closed its doors this week after a year-and-a-half in the far-from-customer-friendly space.
But Barish would want a serious renegotiation of terms before he'd build a little red roof back on the bridge.
KEN GIGLIOTTI / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS FILES The former Sals on the Esplanade Riel was packed on Canada Day in 2005 but the CEO of the restaurant chain says the site was never profitable during its seven-year run there.
"I'm not prepared to take that risk again. The only way I would be interested is if we got a management contract. It would be (the city's), restaurant, their revenue, their costs, their profit or their loss," he said.
Barish said Sals didn't earn a profit in any of the seven years it operated on the bridge. There wasn't enough business during the warmer months to make up for the losses during the cold ones.
On cold winter weekdays, it wasn't unusual to do just a couple of hundred dollars in sales. Business would pick up, sometimes to $1,000 a day, on the weekends.
"It depended so much on the weather. People had to make the extra effort to find a place to park.
"During the week in the winter, nobody in their right mind would want to walk half a mile in the freezing cold to have some eggs," he said.
Barish noted the restaurant's unique location not only required the installation of expensive systems, such as air conditioning and heating, but they were also costly to maintain on a monthly basis.
Sophie and Stephane Wild, the owners of Chez Sophie, were given free rent for the first year of a five-year lease in exchange for extensive renovations totalling $150,000 to $200,000. The couple was paying $2,000 monthly after the first year.
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
A spokeswoman for the city said it will now look at options for the bridge site.
"Recommendations will be developed and forwarded to elected officials for consideration and direction as warranted," said Michelle Finley.
There is one major difference between Sals' previous time on the bridge and now — the Canadian Museum for Human Rights is just a short walk away.
Barish said it remains to be seen how many visitors will be hungry for a Nip hamburger after visiting the museum.
"It's possible the revenues could be increased if a lot more tourists are brought into the city," he said.
geoff.kirbyson@freepress.mb.ca
GAZA CITY — The four Bakr boys were young cousins, the children of Gaza fishermen who had ordered them to stay indoors — and especially away from the beach. But cooped up for nine days during Israeli bombardments, the children defied their parents and went out Wednesday afternoon, the eldest shooing away his little brother, telling him it was too dangerous.
As they played on and around a jetty in the late-afternoon sun, a blast hit a nearby shack. One boy was killed instantly. The others ran. There was a second blast, and three more bodies littered the sand. One was charred, missing a leg, and another lay motionless, his curly head intact, his legs splayed at unnatural angles.
The Israeli military acknowledged later that it had launched the strike, which it said was aimed at Hamas militants, and called the civilian deaths “a tragic outcome.”
The four dead boys came quickly to symbolize how the Israeli aerial assaults in Gaza are inevitably killing innocents in this crowded, impoverished sliver of land along the Mediterranean Sea. They stood out because they were inarguably blameless, children who simply wanted to play on their favorite beach, near the fishing port where their large extended family keeps its boats.
Dozens of local UPS customers are publicly blasting the company for using week-old winter weather as an excuse for delaying package deliveries.
"The delays originally occurred due to the heavy snow in the Portland area, then were compounded due to interstate road closures leading into the area," Kim Krebs, a UPS spokeswoman, told KATU on Tuesday. "We apologize for any inconvenience to our customers."
But with that weather long gone, customers want to know when they'll get their stuff.
The website, UPS-Sucks, makes its point of view very clear.
Since Monday, around 20 people from Oregon alone have posted complaints, with some saying their deliveries are around two weeks late.
On UPS's own Facebook page there are even more complaints.
"That whole kind of not knowing what's going on is frustrating," Ilya Lipets, a UPS customer in Beaverton, told KATU.
He said his package was supposed to be delivered on Jan. 14.
"It wasn't delivered and then every day they've been saying it should be delivered next business day and it still - today is what - 24th?" Lipets said. "They say, 'Sorry, we have a delay. We're trying as hard as we can.' But when I ask, like, give some details and estimated delivery, they say, 'Sorry, we can't. We don't know.'"
A woman KATU is calling Karen, who didn't want to publicly reveal her real name, shared a similar experience.
"Looking back over the tracking information, the order was processed and ready for UPS on Jan. 9," Karen said. "It then came from the East Coast and arrived in Portland on Jan. 12 and in Tualatin on Jan. 13 ... And it now says weather has caused delivery delays and that my package is rescheduled for delivery but they're not certain when that will be."
Both Karen and Lipets sid they offered to pick up their packages at the company's shipping facility in Tualatin.
"They said they were unable to do that," Karen said, "and that I would just have to wait until they were able to figure out a plan to get my package to me."
"I actually drove there," said Lipets. "I wanted to pick it up but they said that they cannot give it to me."
Krebs told a KATU reporter delayed packages in the Tualatin and Portland areas will be delivered by the end of the day Friday.
Apple
Apple's newest line of Beats headphones is geared toward the fashion-forward.
On Wednesday, Apple released a special edition collection along with French design house Balmain. The collection, which includes a new take on both Beats Studio and Powerbeats 3 Bluetooth headphones, starts at $249.95.
Reality TV star Kylie Jenner is the face of the campaign to promote the new collection.
Erin Manago/Beats By Dre
Both the Beats Studio and Powerbeats come in two different colors: Safari, a pinkish neutral tone, and khaki, which has a green tint.
Both colors have gold accents and Balmain logos, but safari is only available to buy through Apple, while khaki can be purchased through Balmain. The Beats Studio in safari will cost $600, while Powerbeats in Safari will cost $250. Both sets of headphones come with a suede, Balmain-branded carrying case.
Beats Studio headphones typically cost $379.95, while Powerbeats 3 cost $199.95.
Beats by Dre
This isn't the first collaboration between Beats and a fashion brand — past partnerships have included Fendi and Alexander Wang. But Balmain has risen to prominence in the last several years, in part thanks to creative director Olivier Rousteing's close friendship with the Kardashian-Jenner family, who frequently wears his designs to red carpet events.
Balmain is known for dramatic designs featuring metallics and leather, so the Beats collection falls squarely in line with that aesthetic. The theme of the collection is an "urban safari," according to the landing page for the new collection.
Beats by Dre
"Seeing music and fashion as completely intertwined simply reflects how my generation grew up — we simply cannot conceive of one without a full helping of the other," Rousteing wrote on the landing page.
"No matter what you're going through, when you put on a song that you love, and that you just connect with, it can change your whole mood and just lift you up," Jenner wrote. "Even if it's just for a few minutes...I love that escape that music gives us."
The new collection is available to order starting Wednesday.
The was yet another German sinking of a liner for the Telegraph to get worked up about (“The German submarine pirates have perpetrated another outrageous crime”) as a Dutch liner was the latest to meet a watery grave without warning ( page 9 with a picture on page 5 ). Given Dutch neutrality and the presence of Americans on the vessel, there were good grounds for indignation across the board over this latest addition to the German catalogue of perfidy.
Meanwhile it was officially confirmed that Admiral Tirpitz had resigned from his position as German Naval Minister ( pages 9 and 1 0). The Telegraph was predictably damning about the “chief pirate” as a leader on page 8 described him, and as usual read the act as another nail in Germany's coffin.
- The picture of a kite balloon leaving the deck of HMS Canning on page 5 is something to behold
- The question of attested married men is obviously exercising officialdom, given the reports on page 9 including Sir John Simon's re-entry into the arena
- Letter writers are calling upon literary figures on page 10 – we have both “Carlyle on Shirkers” and “Dostoievsky on War”
- Another downing of tools over women doing men's jobs – this time Liverpool dockers (page 10). They claim they are not striking though
In Primary School (Elementary School to everyone in the States) we had Commodore 64 machines that did nothing but load educational software like Bank Street Writer and this game:
It was Gold Dust Island and it taught me a lot about life.
Gold-Dust Island was, as far as I can tell, written in Australia by Roseanne Dare and Philip O'Carroll for the Jacaranda Wiley publishing corporation, and released on the C64, Apple 2 and BBC Micro. It looks and behaves like it was written in BASIC, and I'd love to pore through the source code one day. It's a multiplayer game for between two and five players, all of which have been stranded on a desert island with a small amount of supplies and the need to survive and escape.
There's only three locations on the island, each with their own function. There's the gold fields, which can be mined for gold, the water well, which is where (surprise) you get more water, and the boat building area, devoted to the art and science of building a boat to get off the island with. Each player starts the game with a random assortment of tools that are useful in only one of those areas and so they can work towards the goals of getting rich, hoarding supplies or escaping before the deadly storms roll in.
There's not a lot to do in the game, but it's sort of compelling in its own way. Every player can choose on their turn to move around, “trade” items between nearby players, get water, dig for gold or build. The more relevant items they have, the more effective they'll be at the task at hand.
Well, I say “trade” but there's really no trading functionality in the game – you just give items to other players and get nothing in return. I guess the developer was hoping there'd be some kind of social contract in play in front of the computer which I can tell you was not honoured in the schoolroom.
The game ended up teaching me about how to get people to work together. The trick to this game is that working towards your own ends will quickly result in your demise (and there's a cute little graveyard left on the game map forever) so you need to work as a team to survive. Even as a kid I thought it was interesting how we all eventually settled into the pattern of taking on specific roles – one person would build boats, one person would ferry water back and forth around the map and whoever was remaining would assist or mine for gold to be rich after they escape the island. It was just like LOST, but with kids that weren't as annoying as Walt.
Anyway, try it out if you get a chance. It's definitely not the flashiest game you can spend your time on but I think it still holds up today.
Despite regularly changing his views on everything from the Clintons to Mac Miller, Donald Trump can be consistent on certain subjects. He's always thought very little of women. He's always thought his hands (and schvantz) are yuuuuuge. And he's always hated poor people. Trevor Noah dug up the following Trump quote from a 1999 New York Times story by Maureen Dowd:
"My entire life, I've watched politicians bragging about how poor they are, how they came from nothing, how poor their parents and grandparents were. And I said to myself, if they can stay so poor for so many generations, maybe this isn't the kind of person we want to be electing to higher office. How smart can they be? They're morons."
This would be damning for any other candidate. But with Trump, sadly, it's expected. It makes Mitt Romney's 47-percent comment seem like a warm compliment to struggling families. What's funny, as Noah points out, is that, of the 50 poorest counties that have voted in this year's primaries, 45 of them went to Trump. So poor people are voting for a man who thinks they're morons. But it's not actually funny, and, rather, a depressing allegory for the state of humanity.
France is believed to have eight of its nationals held by Islamist radicals in various parts of the world, including five in Niger, two in Afghanistan and one in Somalia.
Two more Frenchmen, Antoine de Leocour and Vincent Delory, were killed in Niger earlier this month, probably by their captors, during an attempt to rescue them.
Mr de Leocour worked for a non-governmental organisation in the country and Mr Delory, a childhood friend, had flown in to be the best man at his wedding.
In the new tape, a voice believed to be that of Bin Laden says: "President Nicolas Sarkozy's refusal to remove his forces from Afghanistan is nothing but a green light for killing the French hostages.
"But we will not do this at a timing that suits him."
The rise in militancy in north and west Africa has been one of the greatest concerns of western analysts in the last five years.
Al-Qaeda in the Magreb has staged a number of kidnappings in and around the western Sahara, even as the threat of militancy has died away in Algeria, once the scene of a vicious civil war between government and Islamist forces.
Although Tunisia has until now been praised for its 'westernisation', which involved banning Islamist parties, the new government that took power after last week's revolution faces the dilemma of whether to allow moderate Islamic parties to take part in the new political process.
Mr Sarkozy has promised to take a tough line with terror threats, even as his government has aroused the wrath of Islamic groups by perceived anti-Muslim measures such as banning the face-veil for women.
In the tape, played on al-Jazeera television, Bin Laden says" "With its debt and budget deficit France does not need new fronts."
Two French television journalists, Stephane Taponier and Herve Ghesquiere, have been held in Afghanistan with three local colleagues since 2009 and there have been previous threats to kill them. However, a new video showing them still alive was released in November.
A French foreign ministry spokesman said the country was determined to keep its troops in Afghanistan. "We are determined to pursue our action in favour of the Afghan people with our allies," a spokesman said.
The Detroit Tigers will soon have a "way." I was unaware that the Tigers did not already have a "way," or that it was of any real importance, but I am now wiser on both counts. In a recent Detroit News column, general manager Al Avila was quoted as saying, "This is basic, sound baseball stuff that we feel is necessary [in order] for the organization to have some continuity and consistency in the system ... 'The Tigers Way.'"
You've heard of The Cardinals Way? The Dodger Way? The Yankee Way? The Tigers, who by Avila's own admission are now playing catch-up in the analytics game, are also apparently playing catch-up when it comes to developing a "way," a unified approach to the game at all levels of the farm system. "We haven't had this," Avila said. "We want players from the minor leagues, when they come up, there's consistency from what they did in the minors to what they do in the big leagues."
Before you yawn and write this off as corporate jargon or front office cream-puffery, let's take a look at two other major league teams that know a thing or two about the value of having a system-wide strategy.
The Tampa Bay (Devil) Rays had the whole "losing a season" thing down. Ho, boy, did they ever. The Rays finished in last place in nine out of their first 10 seasons, and posted sub-.500 records in all 10. What they hadn't figured out was how to parlay all those nifty first-round draft picks into a winning team.
In the book The Extra 2%, author Jonah Keri notes that the Rays had a problem with "stereo teaching" at the minor league levels.
A pitcher coming up through the minor leagues might meet a pitching coach at A-ball who teaches the slider. At Double A, that same pitcher might be ordered to junk the slider and instead throw a curve. At Triple A, it's back to the slider. The different noises coming out of all those speakers can produce a player who hasn't mastered either pitch and isn't ready for the majors. Individual coaches, scouts, and roving instructors bring in their own expertise, with no guiding set of principles available to help convey a common message.
Mitch Lukevics had experienced success with the Yankees in developing a "uniform, top-to-bottom approach that would produce topflight, major league– ready talent" (Derek Jeter, anyone? Mariano Rivera? Andy Pettitte?). In 2006, the Rays made Lukevics their director of minor league operations in the hopes that he could replicate that success.
The Rays went on to win their division in both 2008 and 2010, with the help of names like Evan Longoria, Ben Zobrist, David Price, and Wade Davis -- all of whom were either drafted by the Rays, or spent time developing in the Tampa Bay minor league system.
Ask Mitch Lukevics how much it helps to have a unified, franchise-wide "way."
Or you could ask Charlie Morton and the Pittsburgh Pirates about what happens when a player receives conflicting instruction from his coaches. Morton discovered how to throw a sinker/two-seamer in 2008 with the Atlanta Braves' Triple A minor league affiliate, and it proved to be a fantastic weapon.
He became such a successful ground ball pitcher that he earned the nickname "Ground Chuck," turning in a 2.05 ERA with a 0.987 WHIP for the Richmond Braves that year -- he even earned a brief call-up to the big show.
Then he got traded to the Pirates in the middle of the 2009 season, where his coaches promptly banned his sinker/two-seamer and told him to throw more four-seam heat. They liked his mid-90's fastball, Morton says in Travis Sawchik's Big Data Baseball. "There was an organizational decision made that I wasn't going to throw a two-seamer at all ... Four-seam, curveball, changeup; I did not have input."
Sawchik reports the results.
The decision was a disaster. Morton started 17 games in 2010, the first season he broke camp with a big league club. He went 2-12 with a 7.57 ERA. He had the worst winning percentage and ERA in baseball. He allowed more fly balls than he ever had before. Those straight fastballs were hit hard and far, with 18 percent of the fly balls he allowed going for home runs. He didn't throw a single two-seam fastball that season.
Luckily for Morton, he got a chance to work with well-known pitcher-whisperer Ray Searage, who said, in effect, "go back to doing what you do best." Morton got his sinker/two-seamer back, and in 2011 posted a 3.77 FIP with a 97 ERA+, leading all baseball with 0.3 home-runs-per-nine-innings.
Coaches mean well. Of course they do. But when players are receiving conflicting instructions at various levels, sometimes natural talent can get buried. The Tigers' own Nick Castellanos has struggled at times to capitalize on his natural hitting talent, and more than one source close to the situation has suggested "over-coaching" as the culprit.
The final chapter is a long, long way from being written on Castellanos's major league career, but it's a question worth asking: would he have struggled this much if his hitting instructors had been talking to each other and working according to a single plan?
That the Tigers are now focused on bringing a standard, unified approach to their minor league teams is a very, very good sign that the organization is ready to start taking player development seriously. After years and years of draft picks being treated like trade bait, perhaps we're about to witness a sea change that results in more minor league lottery tickets turning out to be jackpot winners.
Did you know there was a "Tigers Way?" There is, and it's about freaking time.
Donald Trump says Puerto Rico cannot rely on hurricane help 'forever'
Updated
Donald Trump has warned hurricane-devastated Puerto Rico that the United States Government cannot keep sending help "forever" and suggested the US territory was to blame for its financial struggles.
His broadsides triggered an outcry from Democrats in Washington and officials on the island, which has been reeling since Hurricane Maria struck three weeks ago, leaving death and destruction in an unparalleled humanitarian crisis.
In a series of tweets, the President said "electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes".
He blamed Puerto Rico for its looming financial crisis and "a total lack of accountability".
The tweets conflicted with Mr Trump's past statements on Puerto Rico, including those made during an event last week honouring the heritage of Hispanics, in which the President said: "We will be there all the time to help Puerto Rico recover, restore, rebuild."
San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz, with whom Mr Trump has had a running war of words, tweeted that the President's comments were "unbecoming" to a commander-in-chief and "seem more to come from a 'hater in chief'".
"Mr President, you seem to want to disregard the moral imperative that your administration has been unable to fulfil," the Mayor said.
"Tweet away your hate to mask your administration's mishandling of this humanitarian crisis."
Democrats said Mr Trump's tweets were deplorable, given that the 3-million-plus US citizens on Puerto Rico were confronting the kind of hardships that would draw howls of outrage if they affected a state.
One-third of the island lacks clean running water and just 8 per cent of its roads are passable, according to government statistics.
"It is shameful that President Trump is threatening to abandon these Americans when they most need the Federal Government's help," the second-ranking House Democrat Steny Hoyer said.
Responders trying to 'work themselves out of a job'
The debate played out as the House passed, on a sweeping 353-69 vote, a $36.5 billion ($46.6 billion) disaster aid package that includes assistance for Puerto Rico's financially-strapped Government.
House Speaker Paul Ryan said the Government needed to ensure that Puerto Rico can "begin to stand on its own two feet" and said the US has "got to do more to help Puerto Rico rebuild its own economy".
White House chief of staff John Kelly said the military and other emergency responders were trying very hard to "work themselves out of a job".
Reassuring the island, General Kelly said the US would "stand with those American citizens in Puerto Rico until the job is done".
Forty-five deaths in Puerto Rico have been blamed on Maria, about 85 per cent of Puerto Rico residents still lack electricity and the Government said it hoped to have electricity restored completely by March.
Both Mr Trump and Vice President Mike Pence visited the island last week to reaffirm the US commitment to the island's recovery.
During his visit Mr Trump highlighted the island's relatively low death toll — which at that stage stood at 16.
The financial cost of the disaster was not far from his mind though, with the President praising the federal assistance so far in Puerto Rico, but saying the disasters were straining the boundaries of the US budget.
"I hate to tell you, Puerto Rico, but you've thrown our budget a little out of whack because we've spent a lot of money on Puerto Rico," he said.
"And that's fine, we've saved a lot of lives."
After years of economic challenges, Puerto Rico was already in the process of restructuring much of its $74 billion in debt before the hurricane struck.
The financial situation is more complicated than Mr Trump's tweets suggest.
Puerto Rico lost population and jobs after Congress eliminated special tax breaks in 2006, making it more difficult to repay its debts.
Yet lenders continued to extend credit to Puerto Rico despite its economic struggles, while pension costs strained Puerto Rico's government and its infrastructure deteriorated.
AP
Topics: donald-trump, world-politics, government-and-politics, storm-event, storm-disaster, australia
First posted
ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - A renegade general said he was weighing launching his new rebel force into South Sudan's civil war, and called for President Salva Kiir to go, accusing him of spearheading ethnic violence that rights groups fear is slipping toward genocide.
Exiled South Sudanese rebel general Thomas Cirillo poses for a photograph inside his hotel room in Ethiopia's capital Addis Ababa, April 17, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
Thomas Cirillo Swaka, known as Cirillo, resigned as deputy chief of staff of South Sudan's military in February, citing rights abuses in a war that has split the world's youngest nation, often along ethnic lines, since 2013.
Since then, the army's most high-profile defector said he has put together a force of several thousand fighters, but declined to identify their exact plans or locations.
The scarred guerrilla veteran told Reuters that before he quit he had seen evidence of a government programme to recruit fighters and procure arms for militias from Kiir's Dinka ethnic group that included secret orders for weapons bypassing military supply lines.
The assertions from Cirillo, a member of the smaller Bari ethnic group, were dismissed by the presidency. “It is very unfortunate that Cirillo is getting out of his mind. This is completely rubbish,” said presidential spokesman Ateny Wek Ateny.
Reuters was unable to verify Cirillo's accusations independently. But if true, they reinforce rights groups' assertions that the government is using ethnic militias, accusations that the government has strongly denied.
A senior U.N. rights official said in December parts of the conflict involved ethnic cleansing. Last month, Britain said some of the violence in the oil-producing state amounted to genocide.
“Salva Kiir must go and there should be a change,” Cirillo told Reuters from a hotel in Addis Ababa, capital of South Sudan's neighbor Ethiopia, where he said he was living in exile while trying to unite the disparate rebel forces.
“If Salva Kiir ... tries to close all doors to peaceful solution ... (the National Salvation Front) will have no other option to defend the people of South Sudan and to protect itself,” he added, referring to his rebel force.
He said his fighters were “friendly” with the country's biggest rebel force, known as the SPLA-In Opposition - which confirmed it sees Cirillo as an ally.
REFUGEES, FAMINE, OIL
The war started in December 2013 after Kiir sacked his deputy and long-term rival Riek Machar, a member of the Nuer ethnic group. Forces loyal to Kiir clashed with Nuer in the capital, triggering retaliatory attacks across the impoverished nation.
The surge of violence just over two years after South Sudan seceded from Sudan has fueled Africa's biggest cross-border refugee crisis since the 1994 Rwandan genocide. It has also plunged districts into famine, nearly halved oil production and threatened to destabilize a volatile region.
Cirillo said he had largely been sidelined with little power during the period when the worst abuses by government troops took place. Reuters could not verify that assertion, though Cirillo has not been named in any U.N. reports on rights abuses.
He said he quit partly because the president and army chief set up a system to recruit militia fighters, bypassing official military channels - a statement dismissed by the presidency.
“The president does not seek parallel recruitment,” said Ateny.
Cirillo said the programme was organized out of Kiir's ranch outside the capital, Juba, in Luri - an area described as a “marshalling point and training area for Dinka militia” in a 2016 U.N. Panel of Experts report on South Sudan.
Cirillo said Kiir and army chief Paul Malong, another Dinka, held meetings at their homes, rather than at the ministry or military headquarters, excluding military officers of other ethnic backgrounds.
The two also circumvented normal military channels when they recruited thousands of youths from their home region of Bahr el Ghazal, Cirillo said.
“They train them there and bring them to Juba,” he said.
A military spokesman referred Reuters queries to the presidential spokesman.
“YOU HAVE TO HIDE GUNS”
Cirillo, who has an eight-inch scar on his head from a landmine blast, fought during South Sudan's long wars with the Khartoum government and was head of army training and research from 2010 until February 2016, when he became head of logistics.
Cirillo said that less than a week after signing an internationally backed peace deal with Machar in August 2015, Kiir called 60 top generals, including Cirillo, to his palace and ordered them not to withdraw from the capital as the deal stipulated.
“The president came and told us that he is not going to implement the agreement and told us in an open way that you have to hide guns,” Cirillo said.
Ateny described that as “another fabricated lie.”
Exiled South Sudanese rebel general Thomas Cirillo poses for a photograph in his hotel room in Ethiopia's capital Addis Ababa, April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
Machar returned to Juba in April last year, but was forced to flee in August after fighting between his forces and Kiir's broke out in the capital. South African authorities are holding Machar under de facto house arrest after he sought medical treatment there in October.
Alan Boswell, author of an upcoming report on South Sudan for the Geneva-based Small Arms Survey, which monitors small arms and armed violence, said Cirillo had support in his native Equatoria region that surrounds Juba and borders Uganda and Democratic Republic of Congo.
“If Cirillo manages to secure an arms supply, the effect would be immediate and drastic, as the rebellion is currently extremely under-resourced,” said Boswell.
A Republican-sponsored bill in the Georgia House would shorten the number of early voting days from 21 to 12.
Rep. Mark Hamilton, R-Cumming, said his bill is about creating a more uniform voting system.
“Cities and counties all over the state have different days, different times … The purpose of this was really uniformity,” said Hamilton.
Under the bill, polling locations would be open for 12 consecutive days ending on the Friday before the election.
Until recent years, Georgia had allowed 45 days of early voting, and many took advantage. In 2008, 53 percent of voters cast ballots before election day.
In 2011, Republican lawmakers cut early voting from 45 days to 21 days. They said keeping polling locations open so long was costly to counties, particularly those in rural areas.
In addition to reducing the number of days further, Hamilton's bill would mandate Sunday voting in all counties.
That was a point of contention last year. Several counties, including Fulton and DeKalb, held Sunday voting for the first time in Georgia history. Sen. Fran Millar, R-Dunwoody, criticized DeKalb County for not opening all polling locations and accused the county of catering to voters in predominately black, Democratic areas. He vowed to ban Sunday voting all together.
Now, Sen. Millar says he'd consider supporting Hamilton's bill.
“It's all about having a uniform system that provides equal access to everyone,” said Millar.
(CNN) Qatar's foreign minister has delivered an official response to a list of demands from the Saudi-led bloc ahead of a Wednesday deadline.
It's the latest development in the rift between Qatar and four Arab states. Envoys worked steadily this weekend to tackle the crisis, a surprising rupture that began last month and spawned diplomatic tensions throughout the region.
In Kuwait, Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman Al-Thani delivered the letter from the ruler of Qatar, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani, to the Emir of Kuwait, Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, who has been the main mediator during this crisis. The letter's contents are not yet known.
Al Jazeera: What you need to know
Al Jazeera: What you need to know 01:28
Al Jazeera: What you need to know
Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt agreed late Sunday to a request from the Emir to extend by 48 hours the deadline for meeting their demands.
The four countries abruptly suspended diplomatic relations and cut off land, sea and air travel to Qatar on June 5, accusing it of supporting terrorism and destabilizing the Gulf region. Qatar has rejected the accusations, calling them "unjustified" and "baseless."
The coalition later gave Qatar 10 days to meet its list of 13 demands -- including shutting down the Al Jazeera media network, reducing diplomatic ties to Iran and cutting ties with terrorist organizations -- with a deadline of July 3.
The Saudi Ministry of Foreign Affairs said a new deadline to agree to the demands had been issued and would expire early Wednesday. Foreign ministers from the Saudi-led bloc are scheduled to meet the same day in Cairo.
Saudi Arabia's Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir called the coalition's list of demands "non-negotiable" last week. But over the weekend, Qatar's foreign minister said the list had stipulations that couldn't be met and was "made to be rejected."
Can Qatar withstand the pressure?
It is unclear what difference the extension to the deadline will make.
Mehran Kamrava from Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service in Qatar told CNN Monday he doubted there were many areas for compromise in the list of demands, which he said had "larger goals" behind them.
The states have also demanded that Qatar cut ties to extremist organizations including the Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas. But Kamrava said Hamas was one area where Qatar might be able to give. Hamas leadership is based in Qatar and could conceivably find another home, he said.
"But I think demands such as the closure of Al-Jazeera, the payment of reparations and a number of other demands were really made not to be met -- they're untenable," he said.
Kamrava said the Emiratis had already threatened to deny contracts to businesses doing business in Qatar. He said he believes "the next step is likely to be a ratcheting up of pressure on Qatar."
"Qatar has a number of tools in its toolbox to withstand the pressure. For example it's got robust investments, it has healthy foreign reserves and now it is getting supplies -- foodstuffs and other essential goods -- from Turkey and Iran," he said.
"It's the Qatari business community that is suffering. A business community that has multiple roots in places like Dubai and in Saudi Arabia, and I think that's the critical point -- how long will the business community in Qatar remain behind the government's position."
The states have told Qatar it must stop interfering in their affairs and end the practice of giving Qatari nationality to their citizens and say that the oil-rich state must pay them reparations for damages or costs incurred because of Qatari policies.
How is the US involved?
US President Donald Trump spoke with King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud of Saudi Arabia, Crown Prince Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan of Abu Dhabi, and Emir Tamin bin Hamad Al Thani of Qatar Sunday, the White House said.
"On the calls, President Trump addressed his concerns about the ongoing dispute between Qatar and some of its Gulf and Arab neighbors. He reiterated the importance of stopping terrorist financing and discrediting extremist ideology," it said in a statement.
Russia has also stepped into the standoff.
The Kremlin said Russian President Vladimir Putin spoke to both the Emir of Qatar and the King of Bahrain on Saturday and called for a diplomatic resolution to end the crisis.
"Vladimir Putin stressed the importance of political and diplomatic efforts aimed at overcoming the disagreements and normalizing the current complicated situation," the statement said.
US military base
Last week, Qatar's Foreign Minister Al-Thani met with US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Washington.
Tillerson has repeatedly called for dialogue between countries on both sides of the diplomatic rift, advocating an evenhanded approach to the standoff.
Qatar is a US ally and the US maintains a large military base there, home to some 11,000 personnel.
US Sen. John McCain met the Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi, Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, and other UAE officials in Abu Dhabi on Saturday.
McCain -- who is the Senate Armed Services Committee chairman -- was accompanied by four other US senators, the official Emirates News Agency reported.
JUST WATCHED Top UAE diplomat on rift with Qatar Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Top UAE diplomat on rift with Qatar 03:26
UAE Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Anwar Mohammed Gargash told CNN's International Diplomatic Editor Nic Robertson that the UAE had assured McCain the US base in Qatar would be unaffected by the standoff and would be able to continue operating without interruption.
Gargash said he expected the standoff with Qatar to last for months.
He said he foresaw a role for US and European states to monitor any future agreement with Qatar in the areas of finance, refuge, incitement and political support for terrorists.
The monitors would make sure Qatar was working to take the following steps: Money did not reach terrorists; the legal process was taken against designated terrorists living in Qatar; Al-Jazeera and others did not incite terrorism or extremism; and terror groups were not aided politically by or from Qatar, Gargash said.
DONCASTER, England (Reuters) - Opponents of European Union on Friday rallied behind a group that will lead the campaign for Britain to ditch its membership in a referendum Prime Minister David Cameron has promised by the end of 2017.
The leader of the United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) Nigel Farage gestures as he delivers his speech at the party's annual conference at Doncaster Racecourse in Doncaster, northern Britain, September 25, 2015. REUTERS/Andrew Yates
Though Cameron is unlikely to set out what concessions he has won from other EU leaders until at least late December, both supporters and opponents of British membership are trying to build campaigns, attract financing and select leaders.
Cameron has said he is confident of being able to recommend Britain stays but he has also said he rules nothing out if he cannot get changes such as cutting benefits for EU migrants and safeguarding the interests of non-euro members like Britain.
The Leave.EU group, backed by Eurosceptic millionaire Arron Banks, brings the anti-EU UK Independence Party together with the Democracy Movement, Global Britain and the Bruges Group.
“We will win this,” UKIP leader Nigel Farage said of the referendum at the party's conference in Doncaster, northern England. “We are together. We are united.”
Leave.EU has hired Washington-based firm Goddard Gunster, a veteran adviser on referendums, to advise on campaign strategy, Banks told Reuters.
Most opinion polls show that Britons back staying in the EU, but views are volatile and there are some indications that perceptions could be shifting in response to the refugee crisis.
One poll earlier this month showed a narrow majority in favour of leaving, though allies and investors have warned that leaving would torpedo Britain's global clout.
Voters will be asked: “Should the United Kingdom remain a member of the European Union or leave the European Union?” The two possible answers would be: “remain a member of the European Union” and “leave the European Union”.
BREXIT?
Cameron promised the EU referendum in 2013 after he came under pressure from some of his own Conservative lawmakers who feared the electoral success of UKIP, which won 12.6 percent of the vote in the May general election.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said she wants Britain, the EU's second largest economy, to remain inside the club but campaigners on both sides have warned that no matter what deal Cameron brings back, he will face strong opposition from Eurosceptics at home.
Banks, an entrepreneur who switched from the Conservatives to UKIP, said Cameron will fail to change Britain's relationship with the EU.
“In business you don't negotiate by saying ‘I like your car, I'm going to buy it and now can we talk about the price'. It is crazy, who would do that?” Banks told Reuters in an interview on the sidelines of the UKIP conference
“It is not a proper negotiation because that is not how you do a negotiation. Always in business you should be prepared to walk away to get what you want at the end of the day.”
Banks said Leave.eu was signing up around 7,000 people a day and aims to attract 3 million supporters by the time of the vote, which he said could happen as early as March or April.
“They don't want another summer like this,” he said, adding that events such as the refugee crisis were helping move public opinion in favour of leaving.
The main opposition Labour party is clear that Britain should stay in the European Union but believes the 28-member bloc should be reformed, its newly elected leader Jeremy Corbyn said last week.
Most members of the business lobby group Confederation of British Industry also want reforms but believe the advantages of EU membership outweigh the disadvantages, its director-general John Cridland said on Wednesday.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Farage, who some backers of the ‘out' camp believe is too divisive a figure to lead the campaign, said UKIP would be playing a major role in Leave.EU, which plans to be a cross-party group.
Banks said Farage would be one part of the campaign which he said would not have a
“We don't want it to be personality-based. He (Farage) will be one part of it but he is not the dominant part,” Banks said. “It won't be one person, it will be a group effort.”
The John Batchelor Show, December 20.
Nation Contributing Editor Stephen F. Cohen and John Batchelor continue their weekly discussions of the new US-Russian Cold War. (Previous installments are at TheNation.com.) Cohen argues that the real enemies of US national security are the American senators (McCain, Graham and their bipartisan allies in Congress) and mainstream media (now spearheaded by The New York Times and seconded by The Washington Post) waging a campaign against Trump's proposed cooperation with Russia, presumably first and foremost against terrorists in Syria and elsewhere. In this connection, Cohen makes the following points: Ad Policy
§ Cold warriors insist, as they have for years, that “Putin's Russia” represents the “No. 1 existential threat to America.” (Russia seems not to appear on the short list of threats that Trump's transition team has given to the Department of Defense.) Cold warriors promote their myopic priority by adding two new allegations to their longstanding vilification of Putin: that he intervened in America's presidential election to tilt the scale in Trump's favor; and that he has committed war crimes in Syria, particularly in Aleppo. Cohen explains there are—at least at this time—no facts or logic to support either allegation, only an obsessive desire to disqualify Putin, potentially the most valuable US national-security partner, as such a partner. In this reckless pursuit, the enemies of détente engage in neo-McCarthyite tactics intended to silence pro-détente Americans, branding them “lackeys of the Kremlin,” and seek to cripple Trump as a foreign-policy president even before he takes office and thus US national security itself. (Their demand for retaliation against Russia for its purported “cyber-attack” on the presidential election is viewed in Moscow as a threat approaching a declaration of war.) Ready to Fight Back? Sign Up For Take Action Now
§ More generally, American cold warriors blame Putin for the failure of their polices around the world, from their support for “moderate rebels” against Syria's President Assad to the rise of anti–status quo electorates in Europe, the UK, and the United States itself. In fact, Putin, whom President Obama pledged “to isolate” two years ago, has less to do with these failures than do the follies of US foreign policies, including regime-change wars and “liberal globalization,” whose economic and cultural dimensions have increasingly alienated voters in many countries. As a result, Putin has emerged for millions of people abroad, without much trying, as a symbol of resistance to the “American hegemon” that, they believe, has undermined their economies, offended their traditional values, and, in the Middle East, brought war to their countries. Still more, to the extent that the image of American democracy abroad has been damaged by the 2016 presidential election, the fault lies not in the Kremlin but in America itself.
§ Above all, demonizing Putin has become a bipartisan excuse for not rethinking bipartisan US foreign policy. Vilifying President-elect Trump as a “Kremlin puppet,” or “Kremlin poodle,” as the Times's Nicholas Kristof labeled the new president, has become an additional excuse. Meanwhile, the real threats to US and international security continue to grow.
When Oculus Technology launched the Kickstarter for its 3D head-mounted display, the Oculus Rift, those who pledged $300 or more were told they could expect to try out a development kit in December 2012. Today, the company announced via Kickstarter that the nearly 7,500 backers who helped the company raise nearly $2.5 million will actually have to wait until March to get their hands on the hardware.
In the update, the Oculus team says the delay is due primarily to preparations for the mass Chinese manufacturing of the Rift's injection-molded plastic shell. That alone can take up to 90 days. Oculus was forced to move to a mass production process when it ended up selling thousands of development kits through Kickstarter this summer instead of the "few hundred" it had been expecting.
Rift dev kit production was also slowed when the 5.6-inch LCD screens Oculus initially wanted to use were discontinued after the company tried to order them in bulk, leading to a scramble to find a suitable replacement. The development kits will now sport 7-inch, 1200x800 resolution screens which weigh about 30 grams more than the prototypes that impressed us so much back at PAX, but also sport significantly less motion blur. Oculus says it's using the extra production time to equip the kits with a new motion sensor that updates position data up to 1,000 times per second, a speed "several times faster" than previous prototypes.
Plans for the consumer version of the Rift hardware are "still in the works" according to the company. The final commercial build will include "several exciting features" not available in the initial development kits (which are not meant for the general public). Meanwhile, the company is showing off new video of the Rift integrated with Unreal Engine 3. Hey, we've already waited at least 18 years for a head-mounted display that's actually worth the money... what's a few more months in the grand scheme of things?
Japanese go to the polls in December as prime minister Shinzo Abe attempts to revive ‘Abenomics' growth strategy • Japan's election won't just be a referendum on Abenomics
Japan's prime minister has called a snap election for next month in a bold attempt to shore up support for his decision to postpone an unpopular tax rise and breathe life into his “Abenomics” growth strategy.
Shinzo Abe told a televised news conference on Tuesday that he would dissolve the lower house of parliament on Friday to pave the way for an election on 14 December. He added that he would delay a rise in the consumption [sales] tax, from 8% to 10%, until April 2017, 18 months later than planned.
Abe's move came a day after quarterly GDP figures showed Japan had slipped back into recession for the first time since 2012. The economy shrank by an annualised 1.6% in July to September after plunging 7.3% in the second quarter.
A rise in the same tax this April – the first in 17 years – from 5% to 8%, has been widely blamed for hammering consumer spending, the driver of 60% of the world's third-biggest economy.
“I've listened to lots of opinions … and taking those into account, and to ensure that Abenomics will succeed, I decided today to postpone the consumption tax hike by 18 months to April 2017,” Abe said.
He added that the “three arrows” of Abenomics were having the desired effect, citing rises in employment and corporate revenues. But he said wages and consumption, two key indicators that have largely remained flat, “should” increase in time.
Abe said Monday's GDP figures meant a two percentage point rise in the sales tax next October would weigh heavily on consumer spending and jeopardise attempts to stave off deflation.
The GDP data was an unexpected setback for Abe's three-pronged economic programme, which combines massive government spending with cheap credit and structural reforms. In echoes of the former UK prime minister Lady Thatcher, his political hero, Abe said there was “no alternative” to his growth-led strategy.
Many analysts had predicted the economy would grow by just over 2% between July and September; economists still believe there will be a rebound, but that it was unlikely to come until early next year.
Asked why he had decided to call an election just two years into his four-year term, Abe said: “I have had to make a critical decision so I feel I must seek an immediate mandate from the public. I will ask voters to deliver their judgment.”
Abe had agreed to a two-stage increase in the VAT-like tax while in opposition to address growing concern over Japan's public debt, the largest among developed nations. Some of the extra revenue the tax rise would create is desperately needed to pay soaring health and social security costs created by the country's rapidly greying population.
By putting off a second tax increase – from 8% to 10% – scheduled for October 2015, Abe has defied fiscal hawks in his ruling Liberal Democratic party (LDP).
Confronted with the bleak GDP data, Abe said he had opted instead to concentrate on boosting growth and beating deflation after more than two decades of stagnation and low spending.
To underline his priorities, and as a sweetener for voters, he is also poised to announce a fresh stimulus package, reportedly worth ¥2tn to ¥3tn.
“The GDP figures for July to September turned out to be not so encouraging,” Abe said. “We are seizing a chance to exit long-lasting deflation and we cannot miss that chance. We will stay the course in restoring our fiscal health and regain the trust of the international community.”
He denied speculation that the tax rise would be postponed a second time. “We will continue to move the economy forward to give us the right environment to go ahead with the sales tax rise,” he said.
While Abe is certain to find support for the tax delay among cash-strapped voters, he has yet to convince fiscal hawks in his party that Japan's debt crisis can be set aside.
Anything other than a resounding victory could encourage those seeking to replace him when the LDP holds regular leadership elections next September, said Tobias Harris, a Japan analyst at Teneo Intelligence. “While Abe will win support for his decision to postpone the second tax hike, he will have to answer for the recession that has now occurred under his watch as well as for the broader failures of Abenomics to raise household incomes,” he said.
“Anything more than a marginal reduction in the coalition's seat share will be a personal defeat for Abe – even more so if the ruling coalition loses enough seats to be deprived of its super-majority.”
Harris added that any significant reduction in seats could undermine Abe's premiership and raise the likelihood that he would face a challenger in the LDP's leadership election.
By Fernando Bolaños, science writer
While sharing toys and fighting with each other, kindergarten children helped researchers understand the patterns and qualities of interactions in social groups. The results were much more complex than the scientists originally predicted.
“We rightfully realize that social networks are important for many aspects of our lives. Yet when asked to define networks, we normally define them as ‘any interaction', or only a specific type of interaction. We thought this does not reflect the richness of our social behaviors or the relative relationships between types of behaviors. We wanted to begin to address this,” said Jonathan Schneider, researcher from the Department of Biology at the University of Toronto.
To better understand the dynamics of these social interactions, the researchers carried out an investigation using a layered social network analysis. Their research was recently published in Frontiers in Psychology .
The researchers analyzed the structure of social interactions of 338 children between 4 to 6 years of age. All the children were kindergarteners attending public schools in Berkeley, California. The social exchanges took place in 29 classrooms.
“We noticed previous analyses presumed the hierarchical relationships between kids and we wanted to investigate this assumption. So we developed unbiased methods for assessing the relationship between different but overlapping networks within a classroom as well as the structural features of relationships in these networks,” said Joel Levine, co-author and researcher from the Department of Biology at University of Toronto.
The evidence of hierarchy between the children was grouped into six overarching categories forming three apparent reciprocal pairings: leadership/followship; aggression/submission; and resource struggle/prosocial.
However, results demonstrate that the idea of dominance and hierarchies in humans may not be as straightforward as was first assumed. While some of the 3-way interactions between the kids displayed transitivity, such as if Child A leads Child B, and Child B leads Child C, then Child A leads Child C – there were other 3-way interactions that were more complex. This suggests that people do not always behave in a hierarchical manner
“We rarely appreciate the amount of non-trivial organization between different social interactions. While aggression is sometimes met with submission, this ‘hierarchy' is not always permanent,” Schneider said.
The researchers also said organization between individuals is complex. They were surprised to see that social interactions between some of the child “leaders” in the classrooms were more submissive in action than aggressive.
The authors anticipate that this method could eventually extend to more than two interaction types among more than three individuals. They believe this extension would improve our understanding of the multi-layered networks and provide a more accurate representation of the natural social environment of humans and other animals.
In addition, results could provide a framework for identifying those children that participate in abnormal network relationships to more readily ensure their support in an appropriately protective environment.
“Following the social development of a child as his environment changes so drastically over his lifetime makes any prediction difficult, but identifying the social aspect of a child is the first step towards more accurate correlations between the social aspect and future health,” concluded Schneider.
CLICK HERE TO READ FULL RESEARCH ARTICLE
REPUBLISHING GUIDELINES: At Frontiers, open access and sharing research is part of our mission. Unless otherwise noted, you can republish our articles posted in the Frontiers blog – as long as you credit us with a link back. Editing the articles or selling them is not allowed.
Microsoft is expected to compile the final Windows 10 Creators Update build later this month and to ship it to insiders before retail users get it as well in April, so the builds we're getting these days are pretty close to RTM.
This is why a recent finding makes everyone believe that Microsoft silently introduced the new official wallpaper for the Windows 10 Creators Update, which was included exclusively in the Cloud SKU released with build 15046.
Basically, a subdirectory in the Windows folder of Windows 10 Cloud includes a variation of the hero wallpaper that was released with Windows 10 and which is believed to be none other than the official desktop background in Creators Update.
As aggiornamentilumia.it notes, users who have already installed Windows 10 Cloud build 15046 can find this new wallpaper in C: > Windows > Web > Wallpaper > Windows, and the file is named img0.
Note that this wallpaper only exists in the Cloud build, and if you're looking at the aforementioned path in Windows 10 Home or Pro builds, you're only finding the previous hero image released by Microsoft with Windows 10.
Most likely, Microsoft will include the wallpaper in the next Windows 10 build as well, and if this is indeed the official version for the Creators Update, it should be configured as default desktop background in the final build rolling out in April.
I'm going to launch into some much more detailed analysis of Scottie McC's book in the next few days. But before I did that, I wanted to establish how deeply Scottie McC is in denial about George Bush–both about his good intentions as a President and his honesty. As I go through the Plame-related and Iraq intelligence stuff, I'll show how Scottie McC is still fundamentally protecting the President, perhaps as much to prevent serious cognitive dissonance on Scottie's own part as to protect Bush.
But for now, I just wanted to point out how Scottie McC tends to interpret anything Bush does in the best positive light, even while condemning the same behavior from others.
In Scottie McC's discussion of the presidential transition, he compares Clinton and Bush in some detail, noting that both got sucked into the "permanent campaign" when in DC. Scottie McC even cedes that Bush embraced the permanent campaign as much as Clinton (which is, after all the point of the book).
There would be no more permanent campaign, or at least its excesses would be wiped away for good. But the reality proved to be something quite different. Instead, the Bush team imitated some of the worst qualities of the Clinton White House and even took them to new depths.
Yet Scottie McC wants to pretend that Bush's permanent campaign was all in service of a grand agenda, unlike (he suggests) Clinton.
Bush did not emulate Clinton on the policy front. Just the opposite–the mantra of the new administration was "anything but Clinton" when it came to policies. The Bush administration prided itself on focusing on big ideas, not playing small ball with worthy but essentially trivial policy ideas for a White House, like introducing school uniforms or going after deadbeat dads.
Curious that this son of a single mother would insinuate that an overdue federal effort to make sure that families parented by single mothers don't also have to survive on single salaries was "trivial." The effort to ensure that women could collect the child support due them was fundamentally about families and personal responsibility.
Meanwhile, Scottie McC apparently doesn't consider efforts that–he admits–the Bush Administration adopted to appease the Christian Conservative base "trivial."
As distinguished from the broad majority political strategy of consistently governing from the center and not catering too heavily to single-issue or narrowly focused partisan constituencies, the 50-percent-plus-one strategy emphasizes catering to ideological purists. For example, Bush appeased social conservatives by forcefully advocating passage of a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriages as we headed to Election Day in 2004; on another occasion, he dramatically returned to Washington in the middle of the night from his home in Crawford to sign a federal law transferring the fate of Terri Schiavo to the federal courts, thereby invoking the national government in a controversial issue typically handled by the states.
So in Scottie's mind, making sure that children receive the financial support of both parents is "trivial," while the Schiavo intervention was appeasement–but somehow not trivial.
There are, obviously, many more examples where Scottie McC insists on attributing Bush's failures exclusively to the "permanent campaign" rather than any personal failings. But this comparison really stuck in my craw.
When I learned the news last week about the Canadian veteran suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder who unsuccessfully sought help and then, overcome by his operational injury, apparently killed his family and himself – I was beyond distraught. The catastrophic case of Lionel Desmond could not serve as a more powerful warning to the senior policy-makers in our country. But will it be enough?
I have spent decades fighting for injured veterans, including myself, as we continue to destroy ourselves and too many others in our wake. The wars that soldiers fight do not end when we return home; they stay alive within us, and without urgent treatment our injury – PTSD – will destroy us. Just like an injury to the body will become gangrenous, fester, and infect, so too does this injury to our brains and moral centre. But unlike most other injuries, PTSD deeply affects the entire family as well; in this case, fatally.
The scale of the damage and the depth of the destruction that deployment in today's complex conflicts can wreak is almost incomprehensible. Lionel Desmond's actions were reprehensible; but, so too was the lack of care he and his family received when he returned from his mission. This was a soldier lost in a system that is grievously inadequate to handle the load and complexity of these injuries or to provide the urgent support required for vets and their families. With a chain of command out of the picture, and an underfunded veterans department strangled by regulations, our system is wholly unprepared for this postwar demand. As a result, injured vets, both in and out of service, continue to be shunted aside, falling into the support cracks, flailing for help.
Story continues below advertisement
This is an urgent message that must be heeded: The casualties of past wars continue to mount even as we are preparing for the next conflict. Military-weapons upgrades, the introduction of new tactics, and preparations of troops to face the next threat are all getting a heavy dose of essential funding and priority. However, penny-pinching resource allocations and prohibitive restrictions around support to casualties of the last fight clearly have devastating effects. Care for our current injured members sets the start line for the total commitment of our soldiers and their families for the next round in the defence of peace and human rights.
Nova Scotia – where Lionel Desmond lived and where I am now based with the Roméo Dallaire Child Soldiers Initiative – is home to a disproportionate number of veterans. To utilize the strengths and skills of injured vets, while giving them a second chance to serve, the Dallaire Initiative has instituted a training program – through which Canadian military veterans assist in the dissemination of a new doctrine to reduce battle casualties and help eradicate the use of child soldiers globally.
The Canadian government would do well to follow suit: to seek out injured veterans and provide them whatever tools they require to rejoin society after their missions, for all our sakes.
As I wrote in my last book:
"I find myself empty now, at a loss for words. Over the past two years, I mustered what I had left to share the details of my own struggles with PTSD. I turn to those pages now.
It was not easy for me to share my vulnerabilities so candidly, but the dark side of living with PTSD has to come out. If it does not, the world will continue to hear of us only when we commit suicide. … Courageous soldiers serving in today's difficult and ethically ambiguous missions can and should be treated for PTSD at its first signs; the Forces should anticipate the need for treatment in order to head the damage off, not just wait until a soldier is desperate enough to seek help. And we – meaning all of us – need to shoulder our share of the burden and recognize the contribution made by our soldiers when they undertake such missions on behalf of humanity. We need to insist that they are supported when they come home.
The brain is as vital to life as any organ in the human body. To treat an injury to the brain as less urgent, less in need of care and compassion than other, more obvious types of injury is misguided and ignorant. Our efforts to treat our veterans with PTSD must be comparable to our efforts to repair damaged hearts, provide timely kidney transplants, avoid amputations or restore eyesight. … Only when we truly understand the injury and take action to mitigate its impact will we be able to say that we recognize the real costs of peacekeeping, peacemaking and war."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Lieutenant-General (ret) Roméo Dallaire is the founder of the Roméo Dallaire Child Soldiers Initiative at Dalhousie University, and author of Waiting for First Light: My Ongoing Battle with PTSD.
When he was campaigning, Donald Trump promised a focus on law and order to an extent we haven't seen in many a year. As it turns out, it wasn't just an empty promise.
In his first few weeks in office, the new president has managed to put criminals on notice with a number of executive orders and major appointments that show just how seriously he takes the problem of crime in the United States. And nowhere was this more evident than in the Oval Office on Thursday.
The president not only signed a series of actions designed to make Americans safer, he swore in Attorney General Jeff Sessions, a man whose outlook marks a decided change on how the Department of Justice has been run for the past eight years.
According to U.S. News and World Report, Trump signed three orders in the Oval Office. One dealt with criminal cartels, with the president saying that he would order the Department of Justice and Department of Homeland Security “to undertake all necessary and lawful actions to break the back of the criminal cartels that have spread across our nation and (are) destroying the blood of our youth.”
“Today's ceremony should be seen as a clear message to the gang members and drug dealers terrorizing innocent people,” Trump said in his remarks. “Your day is over. A new era of justice begins, and it begins right now.
The second would allow Attorney General Sessions to set up a task force to study violent crime. The third would direct “the Department of Justice to implement a plan to stop crime and crimes of violence against law enforcement officers.”
“It's a shame what's been happening to our great, truly great law enforcement officers,” President Trump said, in a marked contrast to his predecessor. “That's going to stop as of today.”
It wasn't the only time that Trump managed to take a stand for police officers this week, either. Speaking before the National Sheriffs' Association on Wednesday, Trump said that “we all see what happens and what's been happening to you. It's not fair. We must protect those who protect us.”
In a news release, the White House laid out the reasons for the orders, noting that “(i)n 2016, murders in large cities increased by double digits” and that “(l)ast year in Chicago, more than 4,000 people were shot.”
Attorney General Sessions seems to be just the man to take care of this problem. Check out his remarks after being sworn in and see if you notice a difference from the kinds of things we heard from the Obama administration:
“We have a crime problem,” Sessions said. “I wish the blip — I wish the rise that we're seeing in crime in America today were some sort of aberration or a blip. My best judgment, having been involved in criminal law enforcement for many years, is that this is a dangerous, permanent trend that places the health and safety of the American people at risk.” Those remarks caused a lot of consternation on the liberal side of the aisle, particularly from the media. However, it's not the media who gave Trump the election. It's the American people — and the safety of their communities is first and foremost in their priorities. Like us on Facebook – USA Liberty News Please like and share on Facebook and Twitter with your thoughts on Trump's actions.
What are your thoughts on Trump's actions? Scroll down to comment below!
Source: conservativetribune.com
H/T The Daily Caller
Anghus Houvouras comes to the defense of Alien 3…
Alien 3 > Aliens
I made this statement while writing a follow up to The Five Most Disappointing Films of All Time article. There were a few readers who suggested Alien 3 should have been included on the original list. I debated that assertion and quickly found a growing army of Alien 3 haters who believe the film is an abomination. Some went so far to claim that there are only two Alien films and that everything after Aliens is nothing more than a sad reflection of a franchise that has been oft maligned and left for dead.
Film fans certainly love the hyperbole, don't they?
Sure, Alien: Resurrection is not a great film. The Alien vs. Predator series proved that some concepts can be executed with blunt brutality. Watching those movies is like witnessing the unrelenting murder of an interesting idea. Ever since the tease in Predator 2, the idea of putting an Alien and the warlike Predators into one cinematic universe seemed like a great idea. Paul W.S. Anderson managed to make you regret thinking that.
I'm not sure if we need to drag Prometheus into this discussion. Yes, it's terrible. Yes, it's connected to the Alien franchise. And yes, it's just as bad as Paul W.S. Anderson's AVP movie. Equally stupid. Poorly plotted. Terrible, worthless characters. Did you ever think you'd see a Ridley Scott movie that was as bad as a Paul W.S. Anderson movie? And yet, it happened. I'm sure people will find that statement offensive. People are quick to defend the terrible work of talented directors based on the quality of their past work. However, if we're being fair: Prometheus was terrible. As terrible as Alien: Resurrection or AVP: Alien vs. Predator. Just because it had superior talent in front of the camera and state of the art special FX doesn't make it a better film. In fact, I would think it would be even more damning since they had all the right resources and still delivered a beautiful looking pile of trash. Ridley Scott helped birth the Alien world into existence. I suppose it's only fair that he got to put the final, terrible nail in the coffin. But I digress…
To me, if we're ranking Alien movies, it goes like this…
1. Alien
2. Alien 3
3. Aliens
Between three and four is an epic descent in both quality and watchability.
4. Alien: Resurrection
5 (tie). AVP: Alien vs. Predator
5 (tie). Prometheus
6. AVPR: Aliens vs Predator – Requiem
Alien 3 is a masterpiece of mismanagement and an odd kind of classic. It's a movie that was forged in the fires of production hell going through a dozen different writers and being pulled in every direction by the creative forces behind it, torn to shreds, and then reassembled into a bleak and confounding movie that I have learned to love.I liked it the first time I saw it. In those pre-internet days, you weren't able to tap into the cultural zeitgeist at a moment's notice. So for many years, I was under the assumption that Alien 3 was a fine movie, and not the hated bastard stepchild of the Alien franchise. It's only in the last ten years or so that I've realized just how many people hate this movie – including the director, David Fincher who blames “studio meddling” and the creative economics of Hollywood as the cause for the film turning into an unsalvageable nightmare. And even knowing all this, I still say it's superior to James Cameron's action filled, steroid fueled take on Alien. It also serves as a fitting finale to the series. Alien 3 is like The Empire Strikes Back of the series, but it happens last.
Now I'm not saying Aliens is a bad movie. Far from it. It's a big, crazy, fun action movie. It's exactly the kind of overproduced confection that James Cameron is known for. In the wake of Alien, Cameron decided to go another way. Where I would call Alien a horror film, Aliens is very much a big Hollywood action movie, filled with your typical James Cameron characters and various personality types posing as people. Every choice he made seemed predicated on taking everything that worked for Alien and cranking it up a hundred decibels. Big guns, big explosions, big Queen aliens, big mech suits, FLAMETHROWERS. To his credit, it was kind of awesome. Though at times it felt like a cartoon. Bill Paxton and Paul Reiser, I'm looking at you.
Scientific misconduct — including fraud, suspected fraud and plagiarism — is the reason behind most retractions of papers published in scientific journals, a new study shows.
Only 21.3 percent of biomedical and life sciences studies pulled from scientific journals were withdrawn because honest errors invalidated the findings, researchers report online October 1 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Retraction notices often don't explain why a study is being withdrawn, or they cover up the real reason for pulling a paper, says study coauthor Arturo Casadevall, a microbiologist at Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York City and editor of the journal mBio.
To understand the scope of the problem, Casadevall and coauthors Ferric Fang and R. Grant Steen studied 2,047 retracted journal articles in the PubMed database, which references more than 25 million studies dating back to the 1940s. Of the retractions,
Here's a piece of trivia for you: Pufferfish or fugu is a delicacy in Japan. The fish is eaten raw as a sashimi. When prepared correctly, the flesh of the fish gives a tingling sensation on the tongue. This, turns out is due to a non-lethal dose of tetrodotoxin, a potent neurotoxin with no antidote.
If prepared improperly, say if the chef cut into the liver by accident, then you could die from it. Because it is a neurotoxin, you would be completely paralyzed and cannot breathe. Death occurs within 4 to 24 hours, during which you are completely conscious over what's happening.
Because of this reason, fugu is the only delicacy officially forbidden to the Emperor of Japan. For his own safety. Now you know.
Cute pic of baby pufferfish is found at gigglesugar - Thanks Jon Jason!
I've worked with a lot of single guys. Sure, some of them are just interested in getting laid, and that's cool with me. Committed relationships aren't for everyone, and sometimes your life doesn't really lend itself to a serious relationship.
Most men I've worked with, though, are looking for more than just a warm body to sleep with. They're looking for a girlfriend. They're looking for a partner. They're looking for love.
And while you might be tempted to think of these single-and-desperate guys as a bunch of ugly losers, that's not the case at all.
Typically, the dudes I talk to that haven't had much luck finding a girlfriend are down-to-earth, genuine guys with lots of appealing traits that women crave.
Fear Holds Relationships Back
So, why might a smart, funny, decent-looking guy struggle to land a date or find a girlfriend? There are a few reasons, but the one that tends to be the most pressing is fear.
Too many single guys are scared shitless at the thought of approaching an attractive woman and striking up a conversation with her.
And guess what? You aren't going to meet your soulmate if you're too much of a pussy to say hello to a girl.
It's far too easy to push your “approach anxiety” problems to the side, focusing on what you perceive to be your other shortcomings. But if you're sitting around — alone, with no girls in sight — and trying to decide on a hairstyle or pickup line that will land you a date, then you're wasting your time.
The reality is this: finding love isn't a matter of waiting until the right girl walks into your life. It's going to require a whole lot more effort than that.
It's A Numbers Game
I hate to break it to you, but finding a girlfriend often comes down to a game of numbers. If you go out on 20 dates with 20 eligible single ladies, then your chances of finding one that you like enough to see a second time are very good.
And what do you have to do in order to land 20 dates? Sure, you'll want to make sure your appearance isn't hurting your chances, and you might want to learn a few seduction strategies to help your game along, but the real key is landing those 20 dates in the first place!
Just Get Out There and Do It!
How do you get a date with an attractive, single girl? There are several options: you could use online dating websites, join a club for singles, do speed dating, etc.
But the most effective way is to simply approach and begin talking to any girl that you happen to find attractive.
Approaching lots of women will require you to grow a pair of balls and overcome your approach anxiety. You can't sit around and hope for a convenient time and place to present itself: You have to be proactive, push aside all thoughts of rejection and all fears of looking foolish, and say hello to her.
So, to any guys complaining about being single who happen to be waiting around for the perfect girl to show up, here's a reality check: Your fear is costing you opportunities to meet the girl of your dreams.
The sooner you overcome this fear, the sooner you'll find what you're looking for.
2017 Is Shaping Up To Be An Important Year For Microgrids In Remote Countries
May 11th, 2017 by Joshua S Hill
2017 could be a big year for the development of microgrids in remote and non-electrified regions and countries, with storage companies and technology behemoths leading the way on installing and investing in storage microgrids and solar for regional and island countries and communities.
A new report published by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) earlier this month highlighted the growing trend currently in play in the microgrid sector — specifically the combination of solar with storage microgrids. According to Bloomberg's 2Q 2017 Frontier Power Market Outlook, “Market fundamentals and other developments in 1Q tended to support the economics of small-scale clean energy systems.” Specifically, several large emerging countries reliant upon diesel generators encountered increased diesel prices, and policy developments in India are believed to be further increasing the value of solar with storage microgrids. As a result, BNEF concludes that developing countries are now responsible for purchasing the majority of solar PV exports from China.
Chinese PV equipment exported to Asia, Latin America and Africa (% of total exports)
The deployment of island microgrid systems has also increased pace, with energy storage companies such as Tesla, Fluidic Energy, and Electro Power Systems continuing to deploy significant capacity in the first quarter. Specifically, Tesla's island microgrids represent 36% of the company's total power storage capacity deployed to date.
In fact, numerous new project announcements have been made over the past six months, while several existing projects integrated new sources of energy generation and storage. Numerous commitments were made by outside parties — such as the International Renewable Energy Agency, the Abu Dhabi Fund for Development, Schneider and Engie, and Microsoft and Facebook — have contributed to accelerating the development and deployment of microgrids across the Asia Pacific region.
Island micro-grid projects announced in Indian/Pacific Ocean region during 4Q 2016 – 1Q 2017
Further west, the evolution of distributed energy in India has been given a boost by two separate shifts — the recently announced 2017-18 budget, and a decisive win by the ruling Bhartiya Janta Party (BJP) in parliamentary elections in Uttar Pradesh, the country's most populous but also one of its poorest states. According to Bloomberg, both of these developments have the opportunity to boost policy support for India's off-grid and rooftop energy market and improve the reliability of the country's power supply.
A Syrian family that hoped to bring relatives to Windsor is devastated after learning the federal government will no longer accept new applications for privately sponsored refugees from Syria or Iraq.
Abdul Alhamawi moved to Windsor year ago with his wife and four children. They expected to bring eight more family members once they settled into their new homes.
But politicians in Ottawa announced last week the government had reached its cap of 1,000 privately-sponsored refugees from those countries and would not accept other applications.
Alhamawi still hasn't told one of his family members, who are currently living in refugee camps in Jordan, the latest news.
"It's very hard to tell him no and maybe he'll cry," he told CBC News. "I don't know what will happen if I tell him."
The goal of the cap was to eliminate the backlog of applications and reduce wait times for new ones, according to the government.
Since November 2015, Canada has accepted more than 38,000 Syrian refugees. More than 21,000 are government assisted and 13,000 are privately sponsored.
Alhamawi, whose family was sponsored by a group of people from Essex Presbytery, said they were not aware of the cap.
The United Church group wanted to help bring the rest of the family to Canada, but that may no longer be possible.
Alhamawi said he was disappointed with the government and not sure about what to do next.
"They gave us a false hope and I think there should have been some way they could have told us," he said. "I miss my family and my wife's family."
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad, Jul 1, CMC – The Trinidad and Tobago Parliament says the human bones unearthed under the “Red House” building during initial excavation work undertaken as part of the restoration of the building date back to between 430 AD and 1390 AD.
In a statement, the Parliament said that hat a full-time archaeological team has been assigned to the dig site for six months to look for further material.
It said that the Cabinet had also established a Red House Cultural Heritage Team, chaired by Speaker Wade Mark, to manage all aspects of the historical find and to ensure conformity with best practices and international standards.
The human remains were first unearthed on March 26, and since then the Parliament said a number of skeletal remains, cultural and historical artifacts were found and that an archaeological excavation team, headed by the late archaeologist Peter Harris, along with other qualified officials from the University of the West Indies, was established to oversee the removal of all human skeletal remains and artifacts discovered at the test pits.
In the statement, the Parliament paid special tribute to Harris, who died on May 18, saying, “his expertise and knowledge provided the requisite leadership needed during the early stages of the excavation process”.
Parliament said the samples of the excavated remains were sent abroad for DNA testing and radiocarbon dating to determine the ethnicity, gender and likely age of the bones. Tests were done at Binghamton University, New York and Beta Analytic Inc. Lab, Miami.
“As the discovery of these human remains and other artifacts could signal the existence of other historical and cultural material at the Red House, an archaeological research and rescue excavation team has been assigned for a six-month period on a full-time basis, from Monday 1st July.
“During this period, the Red House Restoration Project will focus on the completion of essential surveys and designs ahead of construction works scheduled to commence in February 2014.”
Seattle Seahawks coach Pete Carroll revealed Monday that right tackle Breno Giacomini underwent arthroscopic knee surgery to repair "loose bodies" from cartilage damage.
Carroll expects Giacomini back on the field in "a pretty short time," according to ESPN.com.
Along with left tackle Russell Okung and center Max Unger, Giacomini was one of three offensive line starters who missed Sunday's 23-20 victory over the Houston Texans.
It was the third time in four games that Russell Wilson struggled to move the Seahawks' offense as his line was losing the battle of the trenches. J.J. Watt had one of the most dominant performances of his career against fill-in right tackle Michael Bowie and right guard J.R. Sweezy.
Until the Seahawks get all three of their veteran starters back up front, pass protection will remain a concern with three of the next four games away from the cozy confines of CenturyLink Field.
The "Around The League Podcast" reviewed every Week 4 game. Click here to listen and subscribe.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Aston Villa FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pierlugi Gollini has admitted that he wasn't happy with the training regime at Aston Villa following the sacking of compatriot Roberto Di Matteo.
Gollini, 21, arrived from Hellas Verona last summer and immediately took up the reins as Villa's no.1 goalkeeper.
Despite continuing as first choice under new manager Steve Bruce after Di Matteo's sacking after just 11 Championship games, Gollini has admitted that he didn't feel comfortable in the new regime.
The Italy under-21 international completed a loan move to Atlanta earlier this month and is expected to make it permanent in one of the next three transfer windows.
Gollini, speaking to news agency ANSA , said of his Villa Park exit: “I returned to Italy with the intention of staying and continuing my career here.
"The condition I had set my agent for me to stay in Birmingham was to have an Italian goalkeeping coach. That was the situation, with Massimo Battara, until the manager Roberto Di Matteo was fired.
“I played a great deal at Villa, but I wasn't happy with the training regime.”
NATO's membership offer to Montenegro has set off a firestorm of protest from Moscow that might seem outsized considering the small scale of the Balkan country and its minimal military force.
Montenegro's army has about 2,000 soldiers, and its navy has just two active frigates.
But if the Kremlin's angry response seems out of proportion to what NATO stands to gain, it may make more sense given the unspoken message the alliance's invitation sends: that all nations should be free to choose their alliances, without Moscow's interference.
"One of the key arguments that has persuaded NATO member states to issue the invitation is precisely the message to Moscow that Russia cannot divide Europe into spheres of influence," says Jonathan Eyal, international director at the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI) in London.
He notes that the membership offer to Montenegro comes a year after Russia intervened in Ukraine in response to Kyiv seeking closer ties with the West. Moscow annexed Crimea after the ouster of President Viktor Yanukovych in February 2014, and it continues to support pro-Russian separatists who have seized parts of eastern Ukraine in a conflict that has killed more than 7,900 people.
Russia's ongoing interference in Ukraine has caused a wave of uneasiness among NATO states in Russia's immediate neighborhood and NATO has responded by increasing its presence in many of them.
Now, the NATO invitation for Montenegro, which Moscow had actively sought to dissuade from joining the alliance, appears intended to reassure both NATO members themselves and would-be members in Eastern Europe and the Balkans that the alliance is not intimidated by Moscow.
"For NATO, it gives a stronger sense of having a security reach in this part of Europe and sends a signal to other countries in the Western Balkans that NATO membership is a possibility for them in the future," says Judy Dempsey, a senior associate at Carnegie Europe and editor-in-chief of the Strategic Europe blog.
In making the invitation on December 2, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said that Bosnia, Macedonia, and Georgia were also making progress toward NATO membership. After NATO invited Georgia in 2008 to step up cooperation toward eventual membership, Russian forces drove deep into the ex-Soviet republic in a five-day war and Moscow recognized two breakaway Georgian regions as independent states.
The question now is how Russia will answer NATO's message.
Reacting to the December 2 invitation, President Vladimir Putin's spokesman Dmitry Peskov warned that "the continuing expansion of NATO...to the east cannot fail to lead to actions in response from the east -- that is, from Russia."
One possibility is that Moscow could seek to use its influence in Montenegro to try to reverse the government's decision to join the alliance.
That influence includes large Russian financial investments in the Adriatic coast country. Several thousand Russians live in Montenegro, having bought houses and established businesses, particularly in real estate.
At the same time, Moscow could seek to cause social unrest in hopes of toppling the government of Prime Minister Milo Djukanovic. In the run-up to NATO's invitation, pro-Russian opposition groups took to the streets repeatedly to call for his resignation and early elections.
Both of those options may attract Moscow because opinion polls in Montenegro show the population equally divided between those who want to join the alliance and those who oppose it.
WATCH: Residents of the Montenegrin capital, Podgorica, were braced for a negative reaction from Russia after their country was invited to join the NATO military alliance. But they say Montenegro has chosen its own path. (RFE/RL's Balkan Service)
But some observers expect Russia's strongest efforts may be reserved for Serbia, which has close cultural and religious bonds with Moscow -- and whose membership in NATO or the European Union would be seen by the Kremlin as a severe blow.
"[There will be] heightened pressure on Serbia to avoid a similar process of integration of Serbia into existing institutions," Eyal predicts. "I suspect that what you will see is more of a Russian attempt to divide the Balkans between a Western and a so-called Russian sphere of influence."
He says that Russia regards Serbia as a key state because "it is one of the biggest and most powerful countries in the Balkans and because as long as Serbia is not integrated into European structures, it is difficult to see how the Balkans could be secure and develop economically" as part of Europe.
One other possibility for Moscow might be to seek to dissuade some NATO countries from completing the process of inviting Montenegro into the alliance that began December 2. The legislatures of each of NATO's 28 members states must approve that inclusion of Montenegro, meaning the final confirmation of the membership invitation might still be months away.
WATCH: U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said NATO's invite to Montenegro to join the alliance is only a defensive move. He told Russia it would be a mistake to "react adversely." (Reuters)
Any such eleventh-hour Russian attempt to divide NATO over Montenegro would hope to reawaken earlier reservations among some members regarding whether the small Balkan nation is ready for admission. In the run-up to the December 2 invitation, NATO repeatedly stressed that any offer hinged on Podgorica making further progress on reforms to curb corruption.
Objections from Germany caused a potential invitation to Montenegro to be removed from the agenda of a NATO summit in Wales last year. However, since that summit in September 2014, much appears to have changed regarding how the alliance views the stakes.
"Ultimately, the argument has prevailed that the political messaging that we do not accept the division of Europe is more important than the question of Montenegro," says Eyal. He predicts that the unity NATO showed in offering membership to Podgorica on December 2 will not alter in the months ahead.
Montenegro would be the 29th NATO member state and would follow in the footsteps of other NATO members that may have small armed forces but participate in NATO's operations as part of the alliance's strategy of "burden sharing" among its members.
Montenegro has already explored its likely future role by contributing 25 troops to the NATO-led mission in Afghanistan since 2010 as part of its preparations for joining the alliance.
"Training, advising, and assisting operations is part of what Montenegro has been doing and probably will do when and if it becomes a member state of the alliance," says Beyza Unal, a research fellow in international security at Chatham House in London.
RFE/RL's Balkan Service contributed to this report
