Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
A few weeks ago, I wrote a piece noting that whether or not Donald Trump colluded with Vladimir Putin's covert operation to subvert the 2016 campaign, the public record was already clear that Trump, knowingly or not, had aided and abetted Russia's war on US democracy. He did so by repeatedly ignoring evidence and denying Moscow's role in the criminal hacking of Democratic targets and the subsequent release of stolen emails. Those denials muddied the storyline and prevented a vigorous bipartisan response to Putin's attack.
The disclosure this week of Donald Trump Jr.'s emails revealing that he, Jared Kushner, and Paul Manafort joined what they believed was a secret Russian government project to disseminate dirt on Hillary Clinton shows that the Trump campaign went far beyond creating a political climate favorable to Putin's clandestine assault. The Trump camp actually protected Russian intelligence while it was waging information warfare against the United States—and Trump's most intimate advisers knew they were doing so.
The Trump camp actually protected Russian intelligence while it was waging information warfare against the United States.
The new emails prove that in the first week of June 2016, Trump Jr.; Kushner, Trump's son-in-law and key adviser; and Manafort, who the previous month had been named Trump's campaign chairman and chief strategist, all became aware there was a Russian government plot to help Trump become president. Each received an email from Rob Goldstone, a talent manager who had helped broker the deal for Trump's Miss Universe contest to be held in Moscow in 2013, and this message was not subtle: It stated that Trump's business partner in Russia, billionaire developer Aras Agalarov, had been told by Russia's national prosecutor, a Putin crony, that the Putin regime wanted to convey to the Trump campaign negative material on Clinton. Goldstone noted, “This is obviously very high level and sensitive information but is part of Russia and its government's support for Mr. Trump.”
This led to a June 9, 2016, meeting between the three Trump advisers and a Russian attorney that Trump Jr. now claims yielded no useful information. (The lawyer has denied representing the Russian government and has said she did not attempt to pass along derogatory information about Clinton.) Perhaps the meeting was a bust. But these Trump men did learn something rather important during this episode, if they were not already aware of it: The Putin regime was on Trump's side and was looking to help Trump by spreading disparaging material about Clinton. This cannot be denied—the Trump campaign knew Moscow was aiming to intervene in the election to benefit Trump.
Flash forward…well, you don't really have to flash forward. Five days later, the news broke that the Democratic National Committee had been hacked. Cyber experts hired by the DNC produced a report pointing to Russian intelligence as the culprit. How did the Trump campaign respond? The next day it released this statement: “We believe it was the DNC that did the ‘hacking' as a way to distract from the many issues facing their deeply flawed candidate and failed party leader.”
Ponder that spin. Trump's campaign chief had learned days earlier that the Russians were targeting Clinton. Yet now the campaign was suggesting the Russian hack was a hoax cooked up by the victims.
A person who helps a criminal conceal a crime, or who aids an escape or who even fails to report a crime, is known as an accessory after the fact.
This pattern continued. On July 22, 2016, WikiLeaks released 22,000 of the hacked DNC emails, causing havoc at the start of the Democratic convention. Since the initial news story of the hack, more cyber experts had concluded Russian intelligence was behind the operation, and now Democrats and Clinton campaign officials immediately raised the issue that Putin was meddling in the election. The Trump campaign responded by dissembling.
Manafort went on ABC's This Week on July 24 and was asked whether there were connections between the Trump campaign and the Putin regime. “No, there are not, and, you know, there's no basis to it,” said the man who the previous month had met with an emissary from a Putin crony to receive anti-Clinton material from the Kremlin.
Trump Jr. was even more vociferous. Appearing on CNN, Trump's oldest son was asked about the Clinton campaign's assertion that Russia had hacked the DNC as part of a plot to benefit his father. Shaking his head, he answered, “It's disgusting. It's so phony…I can't think of bigger lies.” Trump Jr. continued, “That exactly goes to show you what the DNC and what the Clinton camp will do. They will lie and do anything to win.”
Both of these men knew that Putin's government had signaled to the Trump campaign that it wanted to furtively help Trump. Yet here they were each saying there had been no contacts—that was a lie—and dismissing the notion of any Russian involvement.
Manafort and Trump Jr. were providing cover for Putin's operation.
The next day, Trump followed suit with a tweet: “The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me.” A day later, he reiterated this sentiment: “In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!”
There is no evidence yet that Trump was told about the June 9 meeting and the emails that preceded it—though it seems more likely than not that the meeting would have been mentioned to Trump, especially given that this gathering had been put in motion by Trump's business partner in Russia. So at the time of these tweets, Trump could well have known that the Putin regime had informed his campaign that it was on his side and wanted to assist him secretly. But if Trump didn't know, the issuance of these tweets demonstrate that Manafort, Trump Jr., and Kushner were allowing Trump to make claims about the Russia connection they knew to be false.
Manafort kept up the disinformation campaign. On July 27, he went on CBS This Morning and said of Russia, “We have no relationship.” He then turned to the issue of Clinton's emails: “The real issue isn't even the Democratic National Committee's server being hacked; the real issue is her server.”
Trump Jr., Kushner, and Manafort helped keep Russia's operation a secret.
In the following months, Trump and his campaign stuck to this line. In each presidential debate, Trump dismissed the notion that Russia was behind the hack. After the election, he would not accept the US intelligence community's assessment that Russia had mounted this operation to help him win the White House. He routinely referred to the Trump-Russia scandal as a “hoax” and “fake news.”
The Trump Jr. emails demonstrate that through this entire affair, Trump's top advisers possessed direct inside information indicating Putin's crew was willing to act clandestinely to boost Trump's chances. Whenever they discounted the idea that Russia was plotting against Clinton to help Trump—or stood by when Trump did so—they were lying. More important, they were knowingly creating a smokescreen behind which the Putin operation could proceed.
Within criminal law—and it's unclear if there are criminal implications to the Trump camp's interactions with Russia—a person who helps a criminal conceal a crime, or who aids an escape or who even fails to report a crime, is known as an accessory after the fact. Trump Jr., Kushner, and Manafort helped keep Russia's operation a secret. They did not report what they knew about its efforts to intervene in the 2016 campaign. They did not tell the public that they had evidence that the Russian government was trying to undermine the election. They blew no whistle. They were silent partners in Putin's enterprise. They were co-conspirators.
With these emails, there is no longer any dispute: The Trump campaign shielded a foreign adversary that sought to destabilize American democracy. By doing so, Trump's most senior advisers increased the odds Putin's mission would be accomplished.
Ashley Dejean contributed reporting for this article.
This whole Junie Browning story is starting to become more bizarre than a hollywood movie script. The former UFC fighter was involved in a massive brawl in Phuket and hospitalized. He went on the lam in fear of his life and the Phuket Police are said to be on the hunt for him. He will not meet with them as he believes them to be corrupt. All we need is Jason Bourne and we have ourselves a box office smash.
Here is what Browning recently wrote in an e-mail to the Phuket Gazette.
I am writing this in regards to the events that happened this past Sunday night [December 11] in Karon and in the Patong Hospital following.
I am aware of previous allegations in my past that may lead people to believe that the way the event is being portrayed in the media is true. I came to Thailand to train jn MMA and rebuild my reputation and career as a professional athlete. My current physical condition and the reputation that is being built by corrupt media is fatal to my career.
I was in fact the victim in this case and it is important I am able to tell my side of the story and provide you with pictures and evidence to support it.
There was an attempt to end my life and I am begging for help from the US Embassy. My girlfriend and I have had our lives repeatedly threatened in the hours and days following the event.
Sunday night, we arrived at a small bar in Karon with two other females, one of whom was friends with the owner. It happened to be the birthday of the bar owner, Simon Wilson Menzies, so he was surrounded by a group of 12-15 of his closest friends who had been drinking in celebration previous to our arrival.
My girlfriend and I had a few drinks, and seeing we didn't know anyone, had decided to leave to go home. We had contacted a cab and he was on his way to meet us. He would call when he arrived. A discussion via text message with one of the girls I had arrived with, resulted in MJ Castro and Simon Menzies confronting me in the street, MJ screaming and swinging her hands in front of my face.
I do not know why she was mad. Nothing that I had said involved her or her friends whatsoever. I assumed she was mad that we were leaving the party because we were on our way out to meet our cab. Without any notice I found myself in a physical altercation with Simon in the street.
I could tell from the moment he stepped in front of me, he was looking for a fight. At this point, it just involved me and Simon, my girlfriend was standing next to us. In only a few seconds, my girlfriend was thrown across the street and I had been hit from behind in the back of the head by a glass beer bottle.
I stood up looking for my attacker and found myself surrounded by a mob of people. It was no longer a man on man “bar brawl” but a fight for my survival. I was trying to defend myself in the street when at some point I fell back to the ground.
They [dragged] me back into the bar where they pummeled me with punches and kicks. It was me against everyone. For a second time I received a massive blow over the head with a thick glass mug that split my head open and made me fall to the floor.
I curled up in the fetal position, submissive, and I continued to be kicked and hit. My arms up covering my face I felt a slice to my forearm and another stab to my neck.
A Thai girl had a knife and was attacking my head with it. I must have lost consciousness from blood loss because the next thing I knew, my girlfriend had sprawled her body on top of mine to protect me from any more blows. She was screaming that it was “enough” and that the fight was over.
She was taking kicks in my place until a bystander grabbed me by the shoulders and [dragged] my body down the steps into the street.
All of my attackers remained standing in the bar unharmed. I was going in and out of consciousness, which I am assuming was from my head trauma, while the ambulance arrived and I was transported to the hospital. My girlfriend accompanied me in the emergency vehicle drenched in by blood and witnessed the paramedics revive me by CPR twice.
The man that originally attacked me, Simon Wilson Menzies, we later discovered had been arrested on a plane from Australia in April 2011, after being refused alcohol. The following article taken from ntnews.com.au explains those events and will allow you to take into consideration his character. (click here).
Once I arrived at the hospital, I was rolled into a large open room and my girlfriend was put in a wheelchair and checked for wounds. They thought she had been cut as well because of the amount of blood that covered her body. They showered her and threw her clothes in the trash.
When she was allowed to see me, she informed me that she had been kicked but was not injured and told me what she had experienced in the last moments of the fight and on the ambulance. She said she feared they had killed me and that I was lucky to be alive.
They began to assess my wounds and stitch up the three large gashes on my head. Without any consideration to my safety or the events that had just occurred, they placed both Menzies accompanied by MJ Castro, and the man who had attacked me with a mug, in the beds right beside me.
Needless to say, I became furious and again words were exchanged. As it escalated a second time into a physical fight, MJ attempted to intervene and was struck in the rumble. Security and Patong Police arrived and restrained all parties. I was taken into the waiting lobby on a stretcher in handcuffs in front of numerous people to finish giving me medical attention.
At no point was I rude or uncooperative with either the medical staff or the police. Taken into consideration the severity of my wounds and my demeanor and my girlfriend's statement, the police officer removed my handcuffs.
We were told by the officer that we should stay the night in the hospital to have my head monitored and would be able to go home with no charges the next morning. It was obvious to him that I was the victim.
The hospital staff was extremely kind, giving both my girlfriend and I clean clothes and beds to sleep on. I was hooked up to an IV and had arranged with friends to be picked up at 10am the next morning, after my wounds were reassessed.
My intentions were to file a police report in the morning and deal with this in a civil manner. Hours later, my phone began to ring with numerous reliable sources stating that we were not safe and we needed to leave now! They said that local Thais and mafia had a price on my head and were headed to the hospital and both my girlfriend's and my life were at risk.
We were told to trust or talk to no one and to just leave. We are aware that the mafia is a real thing and took this very seriously. We panicked and decided that our best option was to escape in the middle of the night and hope we could make it home.
Our first thought was to get a hold of the police for protection, but were told that it was corrupt and that they would be of no assistance. My girlfriend pulled out my IV and jumped a fence to find a taxi to come pick me up.
When one arrived I jumped in and we headed home to pack. Two friends came banging on the door, which we didn't answer for fear of who it might be. They continued to bang on the windows until we realized who it was.
We do not want to mention their names to protect them from being associated with the situation and any harm that may come to them. They said there was no time; that I needed to hide. They even mentioned that if my girlfriend was found, they would kill or harm her in an attempt to find me.
Being US citizens in a foreign country we were terrified and had to act quickly. With these threats in mind we made a plan. I went to hide while my girlfriend stayed behind to pack and arrange travel out of the city. Keep in mind, we left behind a house we have rented through May, a dog we left in a friend's care, and numerous personal belongings. Approximately one hour later I was picked up by taxi and we headed out of Phuket. Four hours later we arrived in Krabi to stay the night in a hotel and figure out what to do.
The next day I received two separate phone calls from MJ Castro (which I was informed is not her real name) and Simon Menzies saying that we needed to pay several hundred thousand baht or they would continue to hunt us.
In addition, Facebook messages and phone calls flooded in from friends and acquaintances telling us we were in big trouble and needed to get back to the US quickly and, again, to speak to no one.
They instructed us to attempt to cross the Malaysian border and get on the first flight home. At this point we packed again and boarded a mini van to Hatyai. We booked a hotel and paid for two tickets on the 9am bus to Kuala Lumpur, still unsure of what we should do.
While in Hatyai, we contacted the US Embassy, still afraid to tell anyone of our location. We did not want to flee the situation, but needed to confide in people we could trust.
We were told not to use our phones or internet to avoid any chance of the wrong people discovering our location. I was contacted by a friend from the United States who had previously lived in Bangkok and was able to arrange transport from friends of his with protection to the US Embassy.
To this point I have been unable to seek the medical attention that I desperately need.
My vision in my right eye is impaired, I am in severe pain, I am going through fainting and dizzy spells, and have severe head trauma. We had to use the internet to try to figure out how to deal with it on our own.
My girlfriend has been dressing my wounds and at night sets an alarm every two hours to wake me up. She asks me simple questions and checks my eyes to make sure I am coherent and stable.
All we are asking for is help from people we can trust which brings us here now. We are victims of a viscous assault and attempt on our lives. We are seeking the assistance of the US Embassy and I want to clear my name of the wrong-doing I was accused of.
Story highlights China launched an unmanned lunar probe Monday
Chang'e-3 will release a solar-powered rover on the moon's surface
The probe may interfere with a NASA lunar dust study, U.S. scientist says
China launched its first lunar probe early Monday, which, if all goes well, will make it only the third nation -- after the United States and the Soviet Union -- to soft-land on the moon.
The launch of the unmanned probe took place at 1:30 a.m. Monday (12:30 p.m. ET Sunday), state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
The Chang'e-3 blasted off from a Long March 3B rocket in Sichuan province located in southwest China and is expected to land on the moon's surface in mid-December.
The new space effort comes just over a decade after the country first sent an astronaut into space.
Unlike the soft-landing of the U.S. and the Soviet Union's unmanned spacecraft, Chang'e-3 will be able to survey the landscape first and determine the safest spot.
Researchers say an impact crater named Sinus Iridum, or Bay of Rainbows, is its likely destination. In 2010, China's previous lunar mission captured images of the crater while scouting potential landing sites for the 2013 probe.
On landing, the spacecraft will release Jade Rabbit (called Yutu in Chinese) -- a six-wheeled lunar rover equipped with four cameras and two mechanical legs that can dig up soil samples, a designer for the rover told Xinhua last month. A public poll determined the the solar-powered robot's name, which comes from the white pet rabbit of the Chinese moon godess Chang'e. The slow-moving rover will patrol the moon's surface for at least three months, according to Xinhua.
JUST WATCHED Teaching class from a space lab Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Teaching class from a space lab 02:03
JUST WATCHED China unveils new space mission Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH China unveils new space mission 01:53
Samir Nasri says he would like to play in Major League Soccer once his time at Manchester City is finished.
Nasri, 28, joined City in 2011 and signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League leaders in July 2014, but said he was open to playing in America in the future.
"I like the English league a lot and my life in England," he told the J+1 programme on French TV channel Canal+ Sport.
"Afterwards, I'm thinking more about playing in MLS -- to discover something different -- rather than going back to France."
Nasri also confirmed that he would never play for France again.
Last month, France boss Didier Deschamps all but ruled out ever recalling the former Marseille midfielder, who has scored five times in 41 appearances for his country.
But Nasri said that after being left out of the 2014 World Cup squad by Deschamps, he no longer had any desire to turn out for his national team.
"The real split was in 2012," Nasri said. "I wanted to stop then but my father said I should play at the World Cup.
"Even if my father was the manager, I wouldn't go back. I suffered a lot with the national team. At the start, it was a dream.
"But to miss a World Cup, when I thought I was good enough, that wrecks things a little. I'm not perfect -- I have flaws. But when you're a top manager, you can manage egos."
President Trump's announcement stating that Jerusalem is the capital of Israel and directing the State Department to begin moving the embassy sparked anger and protests across the world.
One would think that Democrats would be be jumping at the chance to hammer Trump for his reckless plans that violate international law and needlessly add more fuel to the fires raging in the Middle East.
Certainly, the international community has come out with strong rebukes. The condemnations from America's allies in the Muslim world have been stunning. The state of Jordan called it “nuts” and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) said it was a gift to “radicals and extremists.” The Saudis described it as an “unjustified and irresponsible.” The Iraqi government demanded that the US reverse its decision. Turkey called it a “red line for Muslims.” The European Union representative expressed her opposition, as did many head of states of European nations.
People around the world voted with their feet, pouring out into the streets in demonstrations from Sanaa to Beirut to Paris. And in the West Bank and Gaza, there have been daily expressions of outrage.
Back at home, however, Democratic leaders have been mostly silent or, worse yet, taking credit for Trump's actions.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
There are a few exceptions. Congressional Progressive Caucus co-chairs Mark Pocan and Raúl M. Grijalva and Peace and Security Task Force Chair Barbara Lee released a statement saying that Trump's decision “sabotages our diplomatic efforts and makes it even harder to achieve peace.” The statement, however, did not have the signatures of the other 72 members of the caucus. Minority House Leader Nancy Pelosi made a spineless statement saying “Jerusalem is the eternal capital of the Jewish homeland,” but added that “moving the US embassy to Jerusalem now may needlessly spark mass protests, fuel tensions.”
On the Senate side, Senators Bernie Sanders and Dianne Feinstein put out strong statements of opposition. Senators Warren, Brown and Murphy showed mild opposition, saying that diplomacy should determine the final status of the city, but agreeing that Jerusalem is Israel's capital. Senators Durbin, Booker and Blumenthal expressed concern that the move would cause violence but none of them put out statements of condemnation afterwards.
The vast majority of the nation's 535 members of Congress, however, gave no response at all to this critical announcement or were outright enthusiastic. Senator Ben Cardin, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, agreed that “Jerusalem is the capital of the State of Israel and the location of the US Embassy should reflect this fact.” Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer actually bragged that he had helped convince Trump to make the move. Democratic whip Steny Hoyer said that it was simply “a fact of history.” Democratic Representatives Engel, Schultz and Deutch all backed Trump.
These Democrats are at odds not only with the United Nations, most of the world's leaders and global public opinion. They are also at odds with American Jewish opinion. A September 2017 survey by the AJC Global Jewish Advocacy, found that 44% of American Jews don't support moving the embassy and 36% think it should be moved only in the future in conjunction with peace talks.” Only 16% want the embassy to be moved now.
Trump's action has already begun to wreak havoc in the Middle East. We don't know how far this will escalate, especially as progress continues to actually move the embassy. What we do know is that is the reckless actions of a man who has no regard for international law and no conception of what is in the US national interest must be repudiated. So where are the Democrats?
Reprinted from en.mida.org.il.
Politics is a coalition game. In it, one has to decide who is friend and who is foe; who to attack, and who to defend; who to partner with, and who is beyond cooperation. Where one draws his coalition line, there one delineates his political principles and moral values.
Viewed as such, one cannot escape the disturbing reality that the Anti-Defamation-League (ADL) has become a farce by collaborating with anti-Semitic left-wing movements.
It is no secret that Jonathan Greenblatt, the current National Director and CEO of the ADL, promotes a progressive agenda. After all, he served as an advisor to President Obama and headed his administration's Office of Social Innovation and Civic Participation. But one would expect the head of the ADL to do his best to prevent his political and ideological convictions from impeding his professional work. Unfortunately, Greenblatt fails to do so, and thus we witness his biases pervading his work at the ADL.
Different Kinds of Anti-Semitism?
For example, during Obama's second term, physical assaults against Jews, certainly the worst form of anti-Semitism, rose sharply from 17 incidents in 2012, to 31 in 2013, 36 in 2014, and 56 in 2015, according to the ADL's own reports. This staggering rise of 330% in four years was not met with a proper response by the ADL. To a lesser extent, this rise was evident in all other forms of anti-Semitism throughout the time period. However, only now do we find the ADL campaigning against the growth in anti-Semitism, with Greenblatt comparing the Trump era to the antisemitism of the 30's.
A similar bias can be found in the latest ADL report, which expresses a rhetorical difference when addressing right-wing and left-wing antisemitism. Anti-Semitic incidents from the right:
need to be seen in the context of a general resurgence of white supremacist activity in the United States. Extremists and anti-Semites feel emboldened and are using technology in new ways to spread their hatred and to impact the Jewish community on and off line.
This is a sober and appropriately harsh description of the phenomenon, with no excuses made, and no justifications given. Now look at how anti-Semitism from the left is handled by the ADL.
We do not consider criticism of Israel to be anti-Semitic. However, the assumption that American Jews are somehow responsible for the actions of the Israeli government, the stated or implied allegation that American Jews have divided loyalties, and the claim that Jews have a tribal identity that trumps their concern for the human rights of others, evoke classic anti-Semitic tropes that we cannot dismiss as regular political or protest speech.
The apologetic tone here is astounding. Is there is any excusable difference between neo-Nazi slogans of the alt-right and the extreme Muslim tweets of school teacher Nancy Salem, who back in 2013 tweeted to a friend visiting ‘Palestine': “Kill some Jews!” or her joke: “How many Jews died in the Holocaust? Not enough.”
Take another example: the ADL's defense of radical anti-Israel Muslim Linda Sarsour's right to give a commencement speech at CUNY on May 25:
We profoundly reject Linda Sarsour's positions that delegitimize Israel. We have vigorously opposed efforts like the Boycott Divestment and Sanction (BDS) movement, which she supports and we oppose her stance that one cannot be simultaneously a feminist and pro-Israel. At the same time, we strongly condemn the anti-Muslim bigotry and other invective spouted by speakers at today's demonstration against Sarsour in Manhattan. There is no excuse for bigotry.
If the ADL chooses to support Sarsour's right to give the speech, one would expect it to do so while “condemning” her own “spouted” anti-Semitic “invective” and “bigoted” ideals – and “rejecting” and “opposing the stance” of those who think her hateful discourse should not be given stage. The ADL's rhetoric gets it all wrong, and not by accident.
An Anti-Semitic Coalition
Where does this double standard regarding anti-Semitism come from? The answer to this painful question can be found in Greenblatt's recent article: “Anti-Semitism Is Creeping Into Progressivism,“ published after three Jewish lesbians were disgracefully expelled from a progressive queer parade for carrying pride flags with a star of David.
In his attempt to handle the phenomena, Greenblatt outlines his worldview. He starts by mentioning a few similar anti-Semitic manifestations: one at the “Celebrate Israel Parade in New York City,” another in the platform of Black Lives Matter, which accuses Israel of genocide, and again, Sarsour's quote that “Zionism is incompatible with feminism.”
Greenblatt is worried, he explains, because of the ADL's fundamental commitment to the “the agenda of the civil rights community.” The ADL, he articulates, shares “common causes” with those organizations. For example, the ADL wants to stop “the use of excessive force and the killing of unarmed African Americans by some in law enforcement,” “to combat discriminatory laws such as the Muslim Ban,” “to champion marriage equality”, and “to resist efforts to turn back the clock under the guise of religious freedom.”
And so, the ADL and Greenblatt want to partner with those radical organizations. But what does one do, as an organization sworn to fight anti-Semitism, when one's partners turn out to be anti-Semitic? Well, here's Greenblatt's solution:
We are duty bound to raise our voice … even as we fight alongside other groups on issues of mutual concern … we will forcefully denounce those who would slander our community and resort to stereotypes.
This is utterly ridiculous. This notion of “we support and collaborate with anti-Semites when they do not specifically engage in anti-Semitic activities, and we reserve the right to denounce their anti-Semitism when they do,” is not only completely detrimental to the cause of battling anti-Semitism, it is in fact helping anti-Semites to white-wash their hatred.
Here is a thought experiment. Would the ADL accept a Jewish Republican organization openly partnering with a “white supremacy” organization – while “denouncing” their anti-Semitism – because they share a commitment to reduction in renewable energy funding?
Radicalizing Worldviews
In truth, one has to admit that the problem is more fundamental than political or organizational connections between the ADL and the radical left. The crux of the issue lies in the ideological radicalization of the left, a process Greenblatt epitomizes. This is expressed by the promotion of progressive doctrines such as “intersectionality” by Greenblatt and the ADL itself, apparently without realizing that lurking under those terms are hateful, divisive and oppressive agendas, which are entirely detrimental to the original cause of the ADL.
For example, Greenblatt declared that “there's no doubt that the vast majority of American Jews live with what we would call white privilege.” And yet the ‘privileged' discourse is the perfect disguise for left-wing anti-Semitism. If being privileged is a sin; and if the more privileged you are, the greater the sin; then the Jews and Israel are clearly culpable, and hatred towards them is not only justified, it is almost morally dutiful.
Greenblatt may not realize it, but he is riding an anti-Semitic tiger. Herbert London recently wrote that in the 1950's “a good progressive was a good Zionist,” but now the left “is the congenial home of anti-Zionism and anti-Semitism.” As the left keeps progressing into oppressive and illiberal domains, the ADL follows suit and is currently less worried about antisemitism per se. By tolerating and partnering with anti-Semitic progressive organizations, the ADL is betraying its raison d'être.
Dr. Ran Baratz served as Director of Communications for Prime Minister Netanyahu between 2016-2017.
THE BATTLE between the AFL, Essendon and James Hird's family and legal team continues over whether or not the suspended coach is being paid, or allowed to be paid, by the Bombers during his 12-month ban.
Stung by a claim from Hird's wife that the AFL is aware that he is being paid by Essendon, the League reacted on Thursday afternoon by suspending its regular payments to the Bombers until the club clarifies its position.
Hird's lawyer, Julian Burnside QC, then hit back on Melbourne radio, insisting the there is nothing in writing that states Hird cannot be paid.
"The agreement with the AFL was documented," Burnside told 3AW.
Click here for the full coverage of the Essendon supplements scandal
"There's an agreement between the AFL and Essendon, there's an agreement between the AFL and Hird.
"And you would think that if the AFL insist that Hird not receive pay during the time he was suspended that it would be in the agreement, and it is not."
Earlier in the afternoon, the AFL stated it would withhold Essendon's monthly payments after writing to the club last week and again on Monday concerning the pay situation around Hird.
The League's statement said there was "a clear intention" when Hird was penalised in August over Essendon's supplements program that he could not be paid by the Bombers or work in any way for the club.
"Since September, the AFL has been in consultation with the Essendon FC concerning the terms of James Hird's suspension, including the fact he cannot be paid by the club for a period of 12 months," chief executive Andrew Demetriou said.
The club has also been notified if it "continues not to comply" with the terms of the suspension then it will have to appear before the AFL Commission in Melbourne next week.
The club is yet to reply to the AFL's letter and until it does will not receive money from head office.
In a statement on its website on Thursday afternoon, the Bombers said: "Essendon Football Club has been in regular contact with the AFL about the terms of James Hird's suspension.
"The club will respond to the AFL's statement relating to this matter in due course and will not be making any further comment until that time."
Demetriou recently strongly denied Hird was being paid by the Bombers or AFL, but since then Tania Hird has claimed her husband is still being paid as part of the accepted sanction.
On Wednesday, she told News Corp that her husband agreed to a sanction with pay in lieu of taking the AFL to court.
"Of course he's being paid, that was the deal," Mrs Hird said.
"Andrew Demetriou knew it, the AFL knew it."
Mrs Hird also accused the AFL of "threatening" her husband and the Bombers and wanted the governing body to "stop distorting the truth".
Demetriou said he thought the pay situation had been resolved when he said recently that Hird was not being remunerated.
"The public statements from the AFL, from myself as CEO over the last week, were in the belief that Essendon had concluded its payment arrangements and begun the suspension period. The AFL has since sought confirmation and is yet to receive it," he said.
Hird's punishment was part of the club's penalties, which included a $2 million fine and being banned from this year's finals, for its controversial 2012 supplements program.
The AFL's total distribution of funds to Essendon in 2012 was $11.98 million.
We got our first look at Tom Clancy's The Division in January during an open beta period which saw over 6.4 million players participate across all platforms. Developed alongside Red Storm Entertainment, Ubisoft's latest third-person shooter was announced during the company's E3 2013 press conference and shipped worldwide this week for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Having pre-ordered a copy, we got busy benchmarking the second it was released. However, before we get to The Division's benchmark results and many graphical features, let's talk about the game itself.
The Division is set in an open world with immersive and destructive environments based on a mid-crisis Manhattan. As an agent, the player's mission is to restore order by investigating the source of a virus.
Played from a third-person perspective, this shooter has varied weaponry from high caliber machine guns to sticky bombs. The environment is full of objects you can use to your advantage and take cover behind during firefights.
With The Division, Ubisoft aims to take graphics fidelity to the next level by enabling new graphical features in an open world environment. The game has been built upon the Snowdrop Engine which focuses on dynamic global illumination, destruction and a number of cutting edge visual effects.
In fact, the PC version has received a full complement of visual effects, including sub-surface scattering, spot shadows, ambient occlusion, chromatic aberration, depth of field, contact shadows, wind-affected snow, parallax mapping, vignette and volumetric fog.
It should be noted that The Division is an Nvidia GameWorks title. Thankfully, it doesn't appear as though the inclusion of GameWorks has borked the performance of this game, as you will soon see. It does however mean that Nvidia's HBAO+ ambient occlusion, percentage closer soft shadows (PCSS), as well as hybrid frustum traced shadows (HFTS) are included.
Of these visual features hybrid frustum traced shadows (HFTS) is one you might not have heard of before and this is its first implementation. This advanced shadow technique is designed to take advantage of the Maxwell graphics card series and provide realistic geometrically-accurate hard shadows that smoothly transition to soft shadows in real time. Essentially HFTS is an enhanced version of PCSS as it builds on the technology. Hybrid ray traced shadows uses ray tracing instead of shadow maps to create sharper shadows that look better upon close inspection.
Testing Notes
To my surprise, The Division includes a benchmark tool that wasn't present in the beta version and it offers a good mix of demanding/typical gameplay scenarios, which is why we decided to use it. The built-in benchmark also has the advantage of being highly repetitive, otherwise reliably testing The Division would have proven extremely difficult for a few reasons.
First, the game is loaded where you were last positioned in the open world or very nearby. This means after completing a benchmark run you'd have to return to the starting location before quitting, essentially running every test twice, and since we take an average from two or three runs that becomes pretty painful pretty fast.
However, the real issue for gathering accurate results would be the night and day cycle. As the time of day is always shifting, we noticed that frame rates were higher at night and the late evening when compared to during the day. Anyway, the benchmark tool solves this by testing at the exact same time of day every time. You can also run your own tests and make rough comparisons against our results.
Benchmarking was conducted at 1080p, 1600p and 2160p (4K) resolutions using the 'ultra' and 'high' quality presets. The key differences being that ultra enables higher level spot shadow resolution, contact shadows, anisotropic filtering level, ambient occlusion, depth of field, volumetric fog, local reflections along with greater object detail and extra streaming distance.
Test System Specs
I'm still trying to get to the bottom of this question: Can LDS church members remain members in good standing/full fellowship (with a temple recommend) and show public support for either Ordain Women and/or Same-Sex Marriage?
I have a favor to ask those of you who are willing. Will you please email your bishops and/or stake presidents with the following question:
“Dear – Bishop/Stake President,
I have a quick question to ask. Can I remain a member in good standing/full fellowship (with a temple recommend) and show public support for either 1) Ordain Women or 2) Same-Sex Marriage? Please let me know as soon as you can.”
Then (if you are able/willing) please send me the answers and I will post them here. I am happy to anonymize the responses to protect your confidentiality if you need that.
Thanks in advance!
P.S. Please do this even if you are a post-Mormon or an ex-Mormon. All we need are 10 or so responses and we will have accomplished the objective.
The Armenian government said on Wednesday that it is close to completing the sale of the country's largest hydroelectric complex to a U.S. energy company, which was controversial delayed last year.
Under the takeover agreement signed in January 2014, the New York-based group ContourGlobal was to pay $180 million for three hydroelectric plants making up the Vorotan Hydro Cascade and invest another US$70m in their modernization. The takeover, strongly welcomed by the U.S. government, was supposed to be formally completed by mid-April.
However, Armenia's new Prime Minister Hovik Abrahamian, who took over on April 13, put the brakes on the acquisition, saying that some of its provisions run counter to Armenian law and need to be renegotiated.
“All those questions raised by the government have been mostly accepted by the buyer, and the deal is now on track,” Energy and Natural Resources Minister Yervand Zakharian announced at a news conference. “We will most probably complete the deal within a month.”
The delay ordered by Abrahamian fuelled media speculation that Russia is pressing Armenia to sell Vorotan to a Russian energy company instead. Armenian officials denied such pressure.
Russia's Gazprom and RAO Unified Energy Systems giants already control much of Armenia's energy sector. They have acquired most of their Armenian assets through controversial swap arrangements.
The U.S. government has strongly backed ContourGlobal's efforts to become the first Western company to invest in the sector. The U.S. ambassador in Yerevan, John Heffern, warned in July that a scrapping of the deal would send a “very unfortunate signal” to big Western investors and call into question Armenia's ability to do business with them.
Oakland, Calif., paid big chunk of social-justice debt this week when its city council unanimously approved controversial reparations for blacks and Latinos affected by America's War on Drugs.
Carroll Fife, Oakland civic activist ‘Black folks built this city and we demand ownership in the industry,--as owners, not as workers.'
Under a first-of-its-kind law originally approved last year, qualified minority applicants with majority ownership in medical cannabis businesses — nurseries, edibles kitchens, testing labs, distributors, dispensaries and others — will receive half of all licenses issued in Oakland, along with zero-interest loans subsidized by $3 million of the city's cannabis tax revenue. “Black folks built this city and we demand ownership in the industry,” said activist Carroll Fife. “We do that as owners, not as workers.”
Oakland shocked the cannabis world when it approved the reparations in May 2016. The city became the first municipality to offer an institutionalized response to the disproportionate harms of cannabis prohibition—and the disproportionate opportunities that lie in prohibition's end. Many had spoken out against the over-incarceration of people of color, and their under-representation among legal cannabis business owners. Oakland was the first city to do something about it.
Regret and infighting followed the passage of that initial reparations program, though. Council members considered scrapping the requirement that 50 percent of permits be issued preferentially They haggled over the minimum length of residency requirements and added a sunset phase for permit preferences. Some issues were still be fixed during last Tuesday's three-hour meeting, which drew more than 100 public speakers.
After a long night of debate and compromise, the city council finally approved a revised reparations plan.
The ordinances are designed to bring the city in compliance with state laws that will regulate the multibillion-dollar cannabis industry by 2018. Those laws stipulate that all cannabis businesses be licensed in the city in which they operate.
How will it all play out? Here's a primer on Oakland's preferential pot program.
What are reparations?
Reparations were conceived in 2015 to address concerns over racial inequity and tokenism in the cannabis industry, whose investors and owners are predominately white.
Oakland's equity program created methods to help drug war victims enter the state's legal medical cannabis market with protections that include majority ownership and appropriate responsibilities.
Although the law passed unanimously in May, many council members quickly regretted their votes as imperfections in the law became apparent. Eligibility time periods were extended and a loan program was added. The revised measure was approved unanimously, once again, on Tuesday in a midnight vote preceded by last-minute legislative sausage-making, Oakland's equity program earmarks 50 percent of all cannabis business permits in the city for drug war victims; authorizes $3 million in zero-interest business loans to low-income blacks and Latinos; and a creates a system by which some applicants can speed the permitting process by donating office space.
Beneficiaries
Preference will be given to blacks and Latinos arrested and convicted of cannabis-related crimes in Oakland within the past 20 years, and to residents of neighborhoods identified as having had significant numbers of cannabis arrests. Equity permit applicants are required to have lived in one or a combination of six designated neighborhoods for 10 of the past 20 years, and their current income must be below 80 percent of the city's average median income. Even though some neighborhoods added before this week's vote are gentrifying, all designated neighborhoods are predominantly black. By extending minimum residency requirements from 2 years to 10 years, the council clearly disfavors newer residents, many of whom are white.
Opposition
Critics of Oakland's cannabis reparations plan say few people will meet those equity permit qualifications. They predict a crippling bottleneck created by the law's stipulation that one equity permit must be issued for every general permit issued.
Collateral damage
Yes, it's possible that some blacks and Latinos currently operating cannabis businesses in Oakland wouldn't qualify for equity permits and could get caught in a permitting bottleneck.
What's next
No start date for permitting has been announced, but Jan. 1, 2018, is the deadline by which businesses must have a local license or be operating in good standing with a city in order to continue operating under new state regulations. Oakland's cannabis permits will be issued in two stages. In the first stage, half of all licenses will be reserved for equity applicants while an assistance program providing zero-interest business loans and technical help to equity applicants will begin raising $3 million in expected cannabis tax revenue. In stage two, after loan funds are raised, there won't be any restrictions on licensees. City officials said approximately 130 businesses have been operating without a permit.
Drug-war math
In a city whose population is equally represented by three groups that use cannabis at roughly the same rates, 2015 statistics show disproportionate cannabis arrest rates for blacks (77 percent), Latinos (15 percent) and whites (4 percent). “The data shows that for over two decades, black and brown residents were arrested and incarcerated for drug offenses at disparately high rates, while largely white cannabis cultivators, manufacturers and distributors who were not operating entirely above board either, flourished under changing laws designed to accommodate the burgeoning industry,” said Darlene Flynn, director of the city's newly created Department of Race and Equity.
Fast-track options
People who are not eligible for an equity permit but want a general permit can speed the process by offering free rent or real estate to an equity applicant.
Is this constitutional?
Maybe there's no cannabis arrest on your rap sheet. Maybe you live in one of Oakland's affluent neighborhoods. Maybe you're Filipino or Scandinavian. What can you do about Oakland's reparations? You can file a lawsuit. Naresh Channaveerappa, an attorney who represents cannabis businesses, said he believes that preferential treatment is unconstitutional. “Anyone who is harmed by this preferential treatment has legal ground to challenge it,” he said.
What's the state's stance?
When cannabis is finally regulated in California in 2018, a cannabis business will need both a city permit and a state license before it can operate. State law denies licenses to the cannabis convicts Oakland permits. But California's recreational cannabis law, Proposition 64, the California Adult Use of Marijuana Act, includes a provision for record expungement. A spokeswoman for California's Bureau of Medical Cannabis Regulation said state regulators will respond case by case and may deny licenses to people who have committed cannabis crimes. Last summer, Oakland's City Council approved a resolution asking state legislators to expunge cannabis-related criminal records and to remove restrictions excluding people who've committed cannabis crimes from participating in the cannabis industry.
Some disappointing news has hit the Middle Eastern fighting game community recently: the United Arab Emirates' GAMES 16 convention has been cancelled, and along with it the Capcom Pro Tour ranking tournament that was set to take place during the event.
Originally set to take place from September 22 to 24, the event was cancelled supposedly due to conflicts with the release schedule of certain titles. As such, the organizers behind the event did not feel that they would have been able to deliver the quality that they had promised and as such, are postponing the event to next year.
The cancellation is a great blow for competitive Street Fighter V players in the Middle East, especially since the cancellation has nothing to do with the game or the tour. In addition to this, it also means that the European regional division of the CPT, which the GAMES 16 tournament was to be part of, is down one event. How this will affect the point spread and whether or not another tournament will take its place is as yet unknown.
The full statement from the GAMES 16 staff, including instructions on how to get refunds on tickets, can be found below.
Some sad news today as we've unfortunately had to make the decision to postpone GAMES Middle East 2016! The new game release schedule has worked against us unfortunately and despite having some great guests, exhibitors, tournaments and activities lined up, we wouldn't be delivering the event experience we want for the fans or our partners and are already looking forward to exceeding expectations next year! We're hard at work on the next event in our calendar and will be working towards next year's GAMES Middle East to make sure we can celebrate our love of gaming together in style! Those who have already purchased tickets will be contacted by Virgin Tickets for refunds and next steps and you can always reach out to the virgin team on: tickets@virginmegastore.me Thank you as always for your support and for helping us continue to build entertainment and pop culture communities in the Middle East.GAMES 16
Source: GAMES Middle East
(Miami, Florida) – The US federal and state governments are taking insufficient action to ensure access to the life-saving medication naloxone to reverse opioid overdose, resulting in thousands of preventable deaths, Human Rights Watch said in a report released today. The 48-page report, “ A Second Chance: Overdose Prevention, Naloxone, and Human Rights in the United States ,” identifies federal and state laws and policies that are keeping naloxone out of the hands of people most likely to witness accidental overdoses, denying them the ability to save lives. The report was released at a press conference held at the University of Miami's Miller School of Medicine's IDEA Exchange Center, Florida's first and only syringe distribution program. The center provides vital health services, including naloxone, in a city and county with high rates of opioid use and overdose.
The Trump administration has vowed to end the opioid epidemic and has released funds to states to fight the epidemic. These funds were appropriated last year under the 21st Century Cures Act and include monies targeted to reduce overdose deaths. “The easiest, most effective step that the federal and state governments can take to stem the tide of deaths from opioid overdoses is to make naloxone easier to get,” said Megan McLemore , senior health researcher at Human Rights Watch. “Naloxone should be as easy to get as Tylenol. Criminal laws block access to harm reduction programs such as syringe exchanges; the price of the medication is too high; it is not available over the counter – these and other obstacles are keeping naloxone out of the hands of those who need it the most.”
VIDEO: "Miracle Drug" Naloxone Saves Lives The US federal and state governments are taking insufficient action to ensure access to the life-saving medication naloxone to reverse opioid overdose, resulting in thousands of preventable deaths.
In 2016, more than 33,000 people died from accidental drug overdoses involving opioids such as prescription pain medications, heroin, and fentanyl – a powerful synthetic opioid. The US Centers for Disease Control have called these deaths an “epidemic.” Since 2000, drug overdose deaths have increased 137 percent, with deaths involving opioids increasing 200 percent during that period. The toll is highest in rural America, where rates of death from opioid overdose are far higher than in metropolitan areas.
A Second Chance Overdose Prevention, Naloxone, and Human Rights in the United States Download the full report
Overdoses involving opioids can be effectively reversed if the medication naloxone is administered shortly after it occurs. Naloxone, a safe and generic medication, can be administered by non-medical personnel with minimal training. Between 2010 and 2014, at least 30,000 overdoses were reversed with the medication, in most cases by people who use drugs themselves who were at the scene. However, naloxone is only effective if someone who witnesses the overdose administers it or immediately calls emergency services.
Human Rights Watch documented the cases of Michelle Hamby, 49, a mother from Arizona, and Kendra Williams, 23, a nursing student from North Carolina, which show how naloxone access can be the difference between death and a second chance at life.
Michelle, who has lost two children to heroin overdose, found her daughter Breana passed out on the bathroom floor. She called paramedics, but they did not arrive for more than 10 minutes, and by then it was too late. Michelle believes that if she had naloxone available she might have saved Breana's life.
Expand Kendra Williams, 23, struggled with a heroin addiction since she was 15, but stopped after her son (pictured) was born. Kendra is now training to be a nurse and volunteers with the North Carolina Harm Reduction Coalition. Wilmington, North Carolina, 2017. © 2017 Private
Kendra was, in her words, “a full-blown addict” by age 15. Naloxone saved her life after an overdose, and she now is off heroin, in school, and is raising a child with her fiancé. Kendra and Michelle both volunteer at local groups that provide naloxone to people who use drugs along with clean needles, health care information, and testing for HIV and hepatitis C.
The report documents numerous obstacles to accessing naloxone, including the absence of “good Samaritan” laws; laws barring or limiting syringe exchange and harm reduction programs that offer naloxone; and high prices for the medication.
People witnessing an overdose are often reluctant to call 911 due to fear of prosecution under state drug laws. “Good Samaritan” laws protect people who call emergency services to the scene of an overdose from prosecution, but 14 states don't have them, leaving people risking arrest for saving someone's life.
Police are often the first to respond to an overdose incident, especially in rural areas. More than 1,200 police departments now carry naloxone, but that is still a small fraction of agencies in the US. Federal leadership is needed to promote proven, public health approaches to the opioid crisis, but signs that the Department of Justice intends to toughen drug law enforcement and sentencing raise concerns that people who use drugs will be driven underground and away from health and harm reduction services that can save their lives.
“More police need to be trained and equipped to reverse overdoses with naloxone,” said McLemore, “but a return to the ‘war on drugs' will result in fewer calls to 911, and lives will be lost."
A review of state laws regarding access to naloxone and syringe exchange contrasts states such as North Carolina, where widespread access to naloxone has resulted in 6,000 overdose reversals since 2013, and Kansas, a state with no “good Samaritan” laws or other laws designed to increase access to naloxone, and where syringe exchange is prohibited under criminal laws. Nearly 1,000 people died of overdose in Kansas between 2013 and 2015.
Syringe exchanges are explicitly authorized in only 21 states and the District of Columbia. In other states, drug paraphernalia and possession laws restrict the operation of syringe exchanges despite decades of evidence that these programs do not increase drug use or crime but instead serve as gateways to treatment for drug dependence and reduce transmission of HIV, hepatitis, and other blood-borne diseases. Rural areas in states such as West Virginia, Tennessee, and Kentucky, where the opioid crisis is most acute, have a particular shortage of syringe exchanges, which are a primary site for delivery of naloxone to people who use drugs.
Programs such as the IDEA Exchange at the University of Miami in Miami, Florida deliver a range of health services, referrals to treatment, and screening for infectious disease. Between 2013 and 2015, 8,336 Floridians died of drug overdose, and there appears to be no end in sight. In 2015, the rate of death from overdose in Florida rose 22 percent, one of the highest increases in the nation. Named after the state's Infectious Disease Elimination Act, the IDEA Exchange opened in December 2016 and in a few short months has provided services for more than 200 clients; removed 20,000 dirty needles from the streets in exchange for clean ones; conducted nearly 200 tests for HIV and Hepatitis C; and connected more than 20 people to drug treatment programs. In March of this year, the IDEA Exchange began distributing naloxone. Yet it is the only public syringe exchange in the state, as criminal laws in Florida impede expansion of these vital programs.
Naloxone prices have increased dramatically in the past decade, creating another barrier for individuals, community groups, and public health and law enforcement agencies to distribute the medication. Naloxone could be bought for under US$1 in 2005 but now ranges in cost from US$20 to US$4,500, depending on the form, dose, and manufacturer.
Naloxone is covered by many insurance plans, including Medicaid, but experts say that giving it “over-the-counter” status would be a game-changer for people dependent on opioids. With its 30-year track record of safety and efficacy, the US Food and Drug Administration should work with drug manufacturers to promote the transition and make naloxone available in vending machines, convenience stores, and similar locations.
In the meantime, preserving insurance coverage for naloxone and for health services for people who use drugs is vital. Efforts to weaken the Affordable Care Act threaten to undermine this goal, as 1.2 million people in the US have accessed drug dependence treatment from Medicaid expansion alone.
“The Trump administration and state governments have a choice: help to save lives by making Naloxone more accessible, or let thousands more die needlessly on their watch,” McLemore said.
Childhood is a beautiful and strange thing. Before we truly learn how precious it is, it is already over. For many Palestinians living under Israeli military occupation childhood ends even earlier than you'd think. The commonplace elements of a child's life in Palestine, which under normal circumstances would be filled with school books, football and games with friends, is instead interrupted by the harsh realities of occupation that include soldiers, checkpoints, walls, discrimination and racism.
When childhood ends for a Palestinian under occupation is impossible to tell. Many who try to carry on with a normal life under the circumstances hope to enjoy the innocence of youth without having it shattered by the oppressive regime that surrounds them. Not all are so lucky. Atta Sabah is one of them.
I spend more time than most focused on news from Palestine and the Middle East and every so often there is a story I learn about that I heard nothing of previously. In a situation where death and violence has become routine, not every bullet or victim registers a headline. So when I heard Atta's story I decided it had to be highlighted, not because it is particularly unique but because it is commonplace and yet unheard of.
Atta is a Palestinian refugee residing in Jalazon refugee camp. He is 12 years old. The camp, whose residents mostly come from the villages surrounding Al-Lyd, is about 20 miles east of there today in the West Bank between Ramallah and Nablus.
Earlier this year, in May, Atta and his friends were doing what most kids at their age should be doing; playing around. Boys will be boys. But when boys are boys in under occupation, the mere act of playing around could lead to horrific outcomes. Atta and his friends were tossing around his school bag. When Atta went to retrieve it from where it had landed, he saw it was in the possession of an Israeli soldier.
What is an Israeli soldier doing in the path of school kids? Guarding the illegal Israeli colony of Beit El, which is home to thousands of illegal Israel settlers and adjacent to the Jalazon refugee camp. Atta wanted his school bag back. The soldiers told him to come back for it the next day.
The following day Atta returned in an effort to get his school bag back from the soldier who had it. As he approached the soldiers, one of whom held up his bag, he paused feeling nervous and uncomfortable with the situation, and then when he turned around…BANG.
Atta, an unarmed Palestinian refugee of 12 years who just wanted his school bag back was shot in the stomach. The bullet—a live fire bullet—exited through his back but not before severing his spinal cord. The shot damaged his liver, lungs, pancreas and spleen and has left him paralyzed from the waist down.
What possible explanation could there be for this barbaric act? Defense for Children International , an NGO that works to document and advocate on behalf of children's rights, noted on this incident :
Eyewitness reports show that the situation was calm, that no clashes were taking place at the time and there was no “mortal danger” to Israeli forces that would allow the use of live ammunition.
Contradicting eyewitness reports, when asked about the use of live ammunition against an unarmed child, the Israeli army Spokesperson's Unit stated that "on the afternoon of May 21, 2013 a violent and unlawful riot took place in the area, with the participation of dozens of Palestinians who threw rocks and Molotov cocktails towards the soldiers.”
The UNRWA operated boy's school for the Jalazon refugee camp is very close to the ever expanding Israeli colony of Beit El. In this picture of the entrance to the school you can clearly see the red roof tops of the settlement on the hilltop in the background. In fact, as the map below shows, the settlement's proximity means the school is in Area C even though it is merely 1000 feet from the heart of the camp. This means soldiers are regularly around the school and childhoods end much quicker here than in many other places.
Atta must now adjust to a new life. Life in a refugee camp was difficult to begin with but now, unable to walk, things just got more complicated. The family is struggling to cope . There is no assistance geared toward supporting Atta's dire needs now.
Atta is also under no illusions about justice. When asked what he thinks will happen to the Israeli soldier who shot him, clearly against even the Israeli military's rules of engagement, he replied “I'm not expecting anything to happen to him.”
Within two days from now, if all goes according to plan, Poorna Malavath will be standing atop Mount Kilimanjaro with the tricolour and, doubtless, a photograph of Babasaheb Ambedkar. What will she see from up there? Park rules require all summit attempts to start at midnight so, if she makes it to Uhuru (5,895m)—or even Stella Point (5,739m), the last stop on the Machame route before the final 2-hour snowy climb—she will see the sun creep over the horizon, bathing in its first light the mountain that inspired Africa in its fight against colonialism.
What she sees is important. Because what the 16-year-old sees today will inspire India's most marginalized to look at things anew tomorrow.
No one knows it better than Malavath herself. Two years ago, just short of her 14th birthday, she shattered so many glass ceilings that their upholders—patriarchy, casteism, misogyny, sexism, systematic poverty, majoritarianism—are still picking up the shards. In the process, she also set a world record: the youngest woman to ascend Mount Everest (8,848m).
***
Malavath is working with Mint photographer Hemant Mishra when I see her for the first time, crooking her arm on a ledge, crossing her feet, her poise informed by her experience with the media rather than her age. But when I come in, late and dishevelled and 30 years her senior, she turns to me, looks directly into my eyes and beams without missing a beat. This is no regular teenager, I realize.
Strangely enough, most of the press and television coverage that followed Malavath's Everest achievement chose to focus on her ordinariness. It helped, of course, that there is absolutely no guile about her: It shows in the confidence with which she introduces her father Devidas, an agricultural labourer who now escorts her on her travels (except when she's climbing mountains); it shows in her momentary discomfiture when we ask for the air conditioner to be switched on in her hotel room (it hadn't occurred to her that there was none); it shows in her grace when people much older and much younger line up to be photographed with her and ask intrusive, personal questions.
But do not be fooled: Poorna Malavath is no girl next door.
***
“I first noticed Poorna during her rock-climbing training at Bhongir, in Nalgonda district," says R.S. Praveen Kumar, a police officer and secretary, Telangana Social Welfare Residential Educational Institutions Society, on a Skype chat from Hyderabad. “She was very dexterous and the ease with which she could negotiate the rocks without any support really impressed me. See, these are children who come from agricultural backgrounds, they have worked on farms and their hands are tough, which gives them an advantage in physical activities."
Kumar would know: Born in the Nallamala forests of undivided Andhra Pradesh, he is a proud product of the Andhra Pradesh Social Welfare Residential Educational Institutions Society (APSWREIS) system himself. Joining the Indian Police Service after his third attempt at the UPSC exams in 1995, Kumar took a sabbatical in 2011 and went to Harvard University in the US on a fellowship for a postgraduate degree in public administration. On his return to Hyderabad, he sought a posting with APSWREIS, determined to overhaul the system set up in 1984 for the education of Scheduled Caste/Tribe and backward class children. Now in his fifth year as secretary (for undivided Andhra Pradesh and now Telengana)—his predecessors averaged a tenure of six months—Kumar introduced an adventure activities programme in 2013. Malavath, then 13, and her Everest teammate, Sadhanapally Anand Kumar, then 15, were two of the 110 APSWREIS students whose parents allowed them to go on the rock-climbing course.
“Poorna was one of the only two girls among 30 to finish with an A+ grade," says Shekhar Babu Bachinepally, one of the first Indians to climb Everest as an individual in 2007. He oversees the courses at Bhongir. “She was hard-working and a very good team player, not just listening to instructions but intelligently internalizing them."
Kumar then decided to send the top 20 finishers for a 20-day course at the Himalayan Mountaineering Institute, Darjeeling; they repaid him by becoming the youngest team to summit Renock peak (4,880m) in the Kanchenjunga range. “That's when we decided to push them a little harder: We took five of them to Ladakh in the depths of the 2013-14 winter and they survived the minus 30 degrees Celsius. We came back and that's when I told the chief minister that we had to attempt Everest."
***
Photo shoot done, we retire to Malavath's room, with the 16-year-old taking the stairs two at a time. We switch between English and Hindi—the latter is similar to her mother tongue, Banjari, which has no script or recorded history—and many of her responses seem rehearsed; an outcome, no doubt, of the media going over the same ground again and again.
To cut them some slack, it is a story that stretches credulity. “I come from Pakala, a village so remote, the nearest shop is 7km away," says Malavath. “I studied there till class V, then I sat for an entrance examination and joined the APSWREIS the next year. My brother studied in an Andhra Pradesh Tribal Welfare Residential Educational Institutions Society school, now he's in his BTech final year. My parents are not educated, so they were keen that we study. Alongside studies, I was interested in sports, playing kabaddi and volleyball and taking part in athletics."
At times, though, her hands fly to her throat, her eyes grow wider and her emotions are so palpable that their trigger could be in the next room, instead of on a mountain peak 2,000km away.
“It was 5.45 in the morning when I saw the first dead body," she says, her voice faltering for the first time. “Just before that, I had suffered a spell of dizziness, because my oxygen cylinder had run out. I had wanted to sit, but there was no place; the only way was up. Once the oxygen was replaced, I immediately felt better but the sight of the dead body made me shiver, and for the first time I thought, what if something similar happens to me?"
For all the hard training the 13-year-old had received, for all the skill and strength and talent she had demonstrated at mountaineering, for all the summiting videos Bachinepally had directed her to watch to ensure there were no surprises during the actual climb, nothing had quite prepared Malavath for her first encounter with mortality. Back home, when her mother Lakshmi had broken down at the prospect of her daughter travelling so far away, it had been Malavath who had convinced her to let her go. Suddenly, she was face-to-face with her mother's deepest fears—and they became her own.
“I was scared but I didn't lose my confidence," she insists. “I asked Sherpa sir, but why is it abandoned here? He said climbers barely had enough energy to haul themselves back down, how could they carry a corpse? I only wondered about the parents, wouldn't they be waiting for their son to return...
“But I didn't tell Sherpa sir anything about feeling scared. Instead, I remembered my SWAEROES (as social welfare system students are called), my teachers, my parents, Secretary sir.... I wanted to be successful for them. And so I went on and, 15 minutes later, I was on top of Everest."
***
A million factors came together for Malavath's success but—and this cannot be emphasized enough—neither her underprivileged status nor her enabling army were there on Everest on the morning of 25 May 2014. It's hard to articulate exactly what that means for India's 200-odd million Dalit population but, two years down the line, says Kumar, the Poorna effect has been “the most obvious in the drop in the number of girls who used to get married right after class XII; we're seeing more and more of them move into higher education and careers. Now every school I visit, children—boys and girls—tell me they want to be a Poorna in their own fields."
There has been criticism of the wisdom of allowing a 13-year-old to attempt the highest (though not the most difficult) peak in the world—indeed, an age bar in Nepal forced Malavath's team to take the route up from China—and indie actor Rahul Bose, whose biopic Poorna releases in November, for one, believes that by conventional parameters, “she should've never made it this far".
“She's poor, she's an Adivasi, she's a girl.... It's incredible that a 13-year-old could survive what she did. Hers is a monumental story of empowerment and endurance," says Bose, who plays Kumar in the film. “Poorna is a very textured look at her life."
Bose is dismissive of the social impact of cinema but Kumar has high hopes of her talismanic appeal. The girl who could change the world, meanwhile, appears least concerned about her iconic position: After Kilimanjaro, she will be focusing on clearing her class XII exams and becoming an IPS officer “like Secretary sir".
Because icons, too, need inspiration.
The president of the Association of Domestic Travel says tourists have now dropped by over 20% as the result of the ongoing political unrest in the country.
Association president Yoothachai Sunthornratanavej said that the current political turmoil from street demonstrations and news photos showing the use of tear gas on demonstrators had scared away tourists.
He said that earlier tourists have just put off their travels, and adopting a wait-and-see of the development of the protest situation in Thailand.
But now as protests dragged on and violence broke out, they had cancelled the trips to Thailand.
He said more than 20% of tourists have dropped or up to 400,000 have cancelled travels to Thailand.
Meanwhile domestic travelers also have no mood for travels and some of them instead participated in the demonstrations.
He said the drop of tourist travels this year was much higher than when the Suvarnabhumit airport was forced to close three days by protesters in 2008. He said the tourism industry recovered fast from the airport closure, but for this year's prolonged protest, he said he did not know how long it could recover.
The Americans are “tired of” the influence of the Israel lobby in the United States and of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, says Scott Bennet, a US counter-terrorism analyst.
Bennet made the remarks in an interview with Press TV on Saturday when asked about the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC)'s ferocious campaign to kill the Iran nuclear agreement in the US Congress.
Last month, AIPAC launched a group, called “Citizens for a Nuclear Free Iran,” to convince members of Congress to reject the conclusion of nuclear talks reached between Iran and the P5+1 group of countries - the US, Britain, France, Russia, China, and Germany – in the Austrian capital, Vienna, on July 14.
“The US/AIPAC propaganda machine has been brain-washing the American citizens with some core propaganda themes,” said Bennet, a former US army psychological warfare officer.
He stated that “the themes are that the Americans are constantly told by Fox News, by congressional people who are paid to wage endless wars is that:
1) Iran is obsessed with the absolute annihilation of Israel like a body's biological defense mechanism devoted to destroying an evading parasite,
2) Iran is obsessed with creating nuclear weapon and it's going to lie, cheat, deceive in order to do so, in order to achieve its first goal to annihilate Israel, and,
3) Iran will try and bomb and destroy Israel, then Europe, then the United States.”
The analyst said the AIPAC is “going to be spending a lot of money, but what they're going to be spending it on is all negative, it's all violence, it's all threat, it's all fear.”
“And Americans have had enough of that,” he noted. “I think instinctively they're tired of that.”
“They've been on a decade of war and bloodshed and it's all really been waste. So the fear, and the negativity and the hostility that they're going to try to generate is really I think very shallow and thin,” he opined.
He went on to say that “I think the influence that AIPAC, the influence of Ehud Barak (former Israeli premier) and the influence of Netanyahu has really reached a maximum point in the American consciousness. The American citizen is tired of it.”
“I don't think it's going to have the effect that they're hoping, money does not buy the hearts and minds, truth does, and logic and common sense,” Bennet concluded.
AIPAC has reportedly deployed about 300 lobbyists on Capitol Hill to try to convince lawmakers to vote against the nuclear agreement.
AIPAC, along with some other pro-Israel advocacy groups, are spending tens of millions of dollars to fund a national television advertising campaign to inform the public “about the dangers of the proposed Iran deal.”
AIPAC critics have said it acts as an agent of the Israeli regime and has a "stranglehold" on Congress with its extensive influence and financial power.
The advocacy group has been accused of being strongly allied with the Likud party in Israel, and the Republican Party in the United States.
Jonathan Ernst / Reuters Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump holds a rally with supporters at the Suburban Collection Showplace in Novi, Michigan, U.S. September 30, 2016.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump declared a $916 million loss on his 1995 income tax returns and the large tax deduction may have allowed him to avoid paying federal income taxes for up to 18 years, the New York Times reported on Saturday.
The Trump campaign, in a statement responding to the Times report, said that the tax document was obtained illegally and that the New York Times is operating as an extension of the presidential campaign of Democratic rival Hillary Clinton.
The Times said it had obtained Trump's 1995 tax records and that they showed he received the large tax benefits from financial deals that went bad in the early 1990s.
The newspaper said that tax experts it hired to analyze Trump's records said tax rules which are especially advantageous to wealthy filers would have let Trump use his $916 million loss to cancel out an equivalent amount of taxable income over an 18-year period.
The Times said that although Trump's taxable income in subsequent years is as yet unknown, a $916 million loss in 1995 would have been large enough to wipe out more than $50 million a year in taxable income over 18 years.
Trump has declined to release his tax records, unlike previous presidential nominees in modern history, saying his taxes are under a federal audit. Experts say he could still release them publicly if he wished.
“Mr. Trump is a highly-skilled businessman who has a fiduciary responsibility to his business, his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required,” the Trump campaign statement said.
“That being said, Mr. Trump has paid hundreds of millions of dollars in property taxes, sales and excise taxes, real estate taxes, city taxes, state taxes, employee taxes and federal taxes, along with very substantial charitable contributions,” it said.
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
Brave, ruthless, relentless: Ronaldo redefined football
I will never forget coming back from a game against Charlton some time after Cristiano Ronaldo had signed for Manchester United and thinking to myself: 'Do you know what? I just give up with him.'
He had been flailing around on the ground, he was never in his position and he was unreliable.
As someone who had played with David Beckham and Ryan Giggs, world-class players who worked up and down and did the ugly part of the game, playing with Cristiano Ronaldo was a constant frustration.
Enigmatic and brilliant: Cristiano Ronaldo showed a new way of playing
He would go wandering off to the left, to the right, up the middle; he was inconsistent; and he would cost us. I remember him giving the ball away at Chelsea in the Mourinho years and Chelsea scoring.
He would win us a match but then we wouldn't see him for the next game.
I remember snapping at him and going crazy once when he tried to over-complicate in front of goal, with some back-heel flick rather than a sidefoot to finish.
We were already winning 3-0, but that wasn't the point.
'What the hell are you playing at?' I said. 'That's not what we do here.'
My patience was wearing thin, as was the other players'. It wasn't that we wanted him out of the team or the club. It was just: 'When will he learn? When he's going to pick up the English game?'
But the experience of Sir Alex Ferguson meant he never lost patience.
He always went with him.
And then I remember when he came back from the 2006 World Cup after all that controversy with the Wayne Rooney red card.
He walked into the dressing room and I thought: 'Jeez, what has happened to him over the summer?'
When he had come to the club he was this thin, wiry boy. Now he was a light-heavyweight. He'd been on the weights over the summer and it was like watching someone grow up in a matter of weeks.
And what ensued for the next two years was astonishing.
I can't believe anyone has ever seen anything as extraordinary in the Premier League.
I know we have had Thierry Henry, Eric Cantona and Gianfranco Zola - and perhaps Henry in his prime came closest - but for two years this was a player on another planet, the best in the world.
He would prey on the weak. He is an absolute bully, as Maicon found out for Manchester City in the Bernabeu this season.
Bully: Ronaldo terrorising for club and country
He sniffs blood, he will find the weakness in the back four. If he's not getting the left-back in the first 15 minutes, he'll switch to the right-back.
If he's not getting the right-back, he'll switch to the left centre-back.
He'll find someone in your back four who is weak and doesn't like defending one on one and against pace and power.
His skill, strength and speed were incredible.
I had played with some great players in Roy Keane, Ryan Giggs, Paul Scholes, David Beckham, Eric Cantona and Mark Hughes.
Old Trafford legends: George Best (left) and Ronaldo
Because of their longevity at the club, they may be ranked above Ronaldo as United greats.
But no one was a good as Ronaldo in that two-year period.
I was injured for the 2007-08 season when United won the Champions League, so was in the stands for many of the games.
I remember thinking: 'How could it have been better watching George Best?'
I never saw him play but I thought: 'If it was anything like this I understand why people are still talking about him.'
No one was as good: Ronaldo will go down as a legend at Old Trafford
And no one is ever telling me he isn't brave, by the way. No one's telling me he's soft. He wouldn't hide in games even though he knew that the first thing every team wanted to do was to leave one on him.
Yes, he went down too easily at times, especially in his early years. But if he had a 14st centre-half bearing down and about to take his knees out, he was told by us and the manager: 'Stay away from those challenges.'
We didn't want him injured.
Look at the headed goal he scored at Roma in 2008. He was laid out by the defence as he attacked the ball. You don't score a header like that unless you're brave. That was in the mould of Frank Stapleton, Joe Jordan, Andy Gray or Mick Harford.
Brave and strong: Andy Gray (left) and Frank Stapleton
He's not some soft flaky character, he's a hardened player.
It got to the point that as right-back in that 2006-07 season I never complained if he could go off for 30 minutes and leave me two on one.
He completely changed my opinions about the game.
I'd always been taught that I must have a right winger in front of me. But I knew he'd go and win us the match.
Different kind of player: Sir Alex Ferguson watches Ronaldo train
Darren Fletcher would say that we'd have to work around him, because he'd always do more harm than opposing players he was leaving free to go forward.
As a 27-year-old at the time, an experienced figure, I was expecting to tell this 21-year-old how it was.
And he was telling me something completely different. I'd been playing with my blinkers on for years but he made me open my eyes to different ways of playing the game.
I'll never forget coming in training one day when the session was eight hard runs but, for the last two, he seemed to be taking it easy.
He simply said: 'Too much water kills the plant.'
Even today I remember those words.
I'd always been brought up to believe that every single minute of every day was a fight and that you had to battle continuously, even in training.
But though he would work hard, he would train with efficiency. If there were eight runs and he'd done six well but felt that was enough, he'd do two at his own pace. He knew his own body.
So who was the wise one?
All the premeditated tactical theories I had learned about getting and staying in your shape, and tracking back with your runner, all the things that had been drummed into me, were thrown out over those two years because we had a player who could make up his own rules with the blessing of his team-mates.
He has helped to redefine the game by creating a new breed of flexible forward.
In that 2008 team with Paul Scholes, Wayne Rooney, Ryan Giggs, Carlos Tevez, Nani and Ronaldo, the forward players could be anywhere in that front line.
Fantasy Football: Ronaldo spearheaded an attack comprising the likes of (clockwise from above left) Ryan Giggs, Wayne Rooney, Carlos Tevez and Nani
You couldn't say before the game: 'I'm playing against him today'. It was a different way of playing and understanding modern football.
He was always fascinated with becoming the best player in the world.
He would have no concerns about telling us in the dressing room or the media that that was his goal.
In England, that kind of ambition can be drummed out of you.
The team ethic is so important, sometimes we stamp on such individualism.
But he believed in the team ethic. He also believed that the team would be better if he was the world's best.
You would always say individual honours aren't important, but Ronaldo was different.
To him they were.
He wanted the medals on his chest and he would get angry when either he or the team weren't performing to that level.
Changing the thinking: Individual honours matter to Ronaldo
Again, he changed my thinking. He showed it is possible to accommodate that kind of individual ambition within a team and marry the two together.
To be able to leave United in his prime and still have his name sung by the fans tells you something.
On Wednesday night, he will be at Manchester City, his first return to the city since leaving United.
While he may receive the kind of stick reserved for former United players, everyone in that stadium, including me, will be thinking: 'I'm watching Cristiano Ronaldo tonight'.
If you're a kid, it will be a reference point, something to talk about when you're older.
But, to be honest, for anyone who appreciates football, it will be a privilege to watch one of the great players of all time.
About
The whole concept behind this project is to make a more energy efficient Electromagnetic generator. To achieve this we plan on using free floating components lifted by the push/pull of the magnets used to create the electricity. One of the main downfalls of these generators is power loss due to friction. We aim to all but eliminate friction with the free floating design. The main core of the generator is a globe of magnets that is free floating thanks to a bowl of more magnets. The opposing force will levitate the globe and eliminate most friction. Coils will be added around the globe so when it spins the magnetic fiels will hit the coils from all angles. This project is to research, build and test the prototype. We are wanting to create a more power efficient future for generations to come.
Hewlett-Packard will keep making PCs rather than spinning off its consumer computer division, the company announced Thursday.
HP surprised the tech world in August, when then-CEO Leo Apotheker announced he was killing the company's webOS tablet, the TouchPad, and "considering" spinning off the PC division. HP is one of the world's leading PC manufacturers, but the growth of its consumer division has slowed in recent years. Apotheker intended to take HP in the direction of his former company, SAP, by providing more business services — even though that currently constitutes a tiny percentage of the company's sales.
Apotheker's decision was widely jeered by customers and analysts; he was also thought to have overspent in paying $10 billion for business software maker Autonomy. A month later, in a board coup, Apotheker was replaced by former eBay CEO and failed California gubernatorial candidate Meg Whitman. It was HP's third CEO switch in the span of one year.
In her first press conference as CEO, Whitman said she was still exploring the sale of the PC division. But the chorus of voices calling on her to keep it has only grown louder. Two weeks ago, Michael Dell weighed in with three reasons why HP shouldn't shrink from the PC market. While it may be maturing, he said, 500 million PCs are still expected to be sold in the next two years.
Indeed, while HP dithered over the PC division decision, the company actually gained market share against top rivals Lenovo and Dell.
Ultimately, the company decided the PC division is "right for customers and partners, right for shareholders, and right for employees," Whitman said in a statement.
Mark Budgell, HP's PR manager of social media strategy, chimed in with a hearty endorsement. In a blog post, Budgell described a comprehensive, company-wide decision process: "Thousands of hours were spent understanding how extracting the PC business would impact everything from supply chain to product development and brand image," he writes.
"Our leadership teams were locked in boardrooms late into many evenings. You could tell from the tired-but-determined look on their faces, and their coffee consumption, that no one was taking it lightly."
Here's the official HP press release in full:
This is a brief update to let you know that I'm still alive. I appreciate the inquiries.
I considered writing a question-and-answer section here, but it was completely insufferable. Needless to say: I haven't been writing, now I am. I had to spend some time remembering first. Feel free to ask questions in the comment section. I'll answer them. I'd also appreciate suggestions, by which I mean things I promised to write and didn't and/or whatever else you're interested in.
The rest of this is housekeeping.
I replaced the list of history books with a Top Posts & Introduction section, because it felt like there needed to be a directory of some kind. Feel free to offer suggestions or critiques of what I chose to put there.
The history itself was moved to a side-blog, Tauromachy. There are only a few posts there – you'll notice it stops at around the same time this one does – but I'll be picking that back up, too. I was waiting to announce it until there were more posts (I did post it on the patreon feed, just not publicly). It will be much shorter pieces, mostly just updates on books. Broadly, the interest is still in forcing myself to actually read the history I should read. More granular interests are 1) historiography and philosophy of history, 2) the history of mathematics as applied to social phenomena.
Samzdat writing plans:
I'm going to finish the Plato series, though it may take some detours. I wasn't satisfied by the explanation of valuation at the heart of modern policy. Given that this blog is entirely about valuation, that's a problem. At some point after that I'm going to return to the main mathematics series. I started that prematurely, and the tempo wasn't correct.
The scraps posts were a good idea I didn't stick with. That was foolish. I'm bringing them back.
The best book I've read lately is Stone Tools in Human Evolution. Other contenders are The Passions and the Interests, and some of the essays in Statistical Models and Causal Inference (e.g. here).
The blog will continue now. Ask or suggest below.
Probably not the parallel Trump was looking for, but still.
Sound familiar?
But instead of simply owning up to not agreeing with the way the Dallas Morning News, New York Post and Washington Times were doing their respective jobs, the president's team played dumb in insulting everyone's intelligence in claiming it was simply a matter of suddenly having a limited number of seats on said plane.
“Unfortunately, demand for seats on the plane during this final weekend has far exceeded supply, and because of logistical issues we made the decision not to add a second plane,” said Obama campaign senior adviser Anita Dunn.
Uh-huh. And you'll never guess which publications somehow still made the seat cut:
Glamour, Jet and Ebony.
Eight years ago, there wasn't the kind of collective gasps from the media like we're seeing this week when Donald Trump was equally childish in stripping the Washington Post of its press credentials. In fact, there was barely a peep about it in 2008. That's just how selective outrage works. And since it's 2016 and it's Trump, his decision — a decidedly wrong one, as pointed out in this space earlier this week– has been met with overwhelming, dizzying dismay.
Rails
business logic
models
REST
class StandardsController < ApplicationController
# GET /standards
# GET /standards.xml
def index
@standards = Standard.find(:all)
respond_to do | format |
format.html # index.html.erb
format.xml { render :xml => @standards }
end
end
# GET /standards/1
# GET /standards/1.xml
def show
@standard = Standard.find(params[:id])
respond_to do | format |
format.html # show.html.erb
format.xml { render :xml => @standard }
end
end
# GET /standards/new
# GET /standards/new.xml
def new
@standard = Standard.new
respond_to do | format |
format.html # new.html.erb
format.xml { render :xml => @standard }
end
end
# GET /standards/1/edit
def edit
@standard = Standard.find(params[:id])
end
# POST /standards
# POST /standards.xml
def create
@standard = Standard.new(params[:standard])
respond_to do | format |
if @standard.save
flash[:notice] = 'Standard was successfully created.'
format.html { redirect_to(@standard) }
format.xml { render :xml => @standard, :status => :created, :location => @standard }
else
format.html { render :action => "new" }
format.xml { render :xml => @standard.errors, :status => :unprocessable_entity }
end
end
end
# PUT /standards/1
# PUT /standards/1.xml
def update
@standard = Standard.find(params[:id])
respond_to do | format |
if @standard.update_attributes(params[:standard])
flash[:notice] = 'Standard was successfully updated.'
format.html { redirect_to(@standard) }
format.xml { head :ok }
else
format.html { render :action => "edit" }
format.xml { render :xml => @standard.errors, :status => :unprocessable_entity }
end
end
end
# DELETE /standards/1
# DELETE /standards/1.xml
def destroy
@standard = Standard.find(params[:id])
@standard.destroy
respond_to do | format |
format.html { redirect_to(standards_url) }
format.xml { head :ok }
end
end
end
One guiding principle advocated by manygurus is "fat models, and skinny controllers" . Rails controllers should only have enough code to mediate between models and views. Thebelongs in the, not in controllers and views. With the current state of support forin Rails 2.0, controllers become quite similar, with seven basic actions (index, get, create, update, destroy, new, and edit), which tend to have very similar implementations. In Rails 2.0 pro-forma controllers can easily be generated using, say script/generate scaffold standard, which generates a RESTful chunk of code including a controller which looks like this:
Other than the specific names, all generated controllers look very much like this.
Using generated controllers is quite easy, and in many cases, little or no change needs to be made to the generated code, particularly if you take the "skinny controllers" mantra to heart.
On the other hand, another Ruby/Rails mantra is "don't repeat yourself", and having all that almost duplicate code, even if you didn't write it yourself, is a violation of the DRY principle.
Enter: resource_controller. James Golick offered up a new plugin for rails called resource_controller which allows the same controller shown above to be written as:
class StandardsController < ApplicationController
resource_controller
end
Well, there is a little bit of a white lie here, this won't give you the standard xml response capability, but that's easy to get back with a few lines:
class StandardsController < ApplicationController
resource_controller
index.wants.xml { render :xml => @standards }
[new, show].each do | action |
action.wants.xml { render :xml => @standard })
end
create.wants.xml { render :xml => @standard, :status => :created, :location => @standard }
[update, destroy].each do | action |
action.wants.xml { head :ok }
end
[create_fails, update_fails].each do | action |
action.wants.xml { render :xml => @standard.errors, :status => :unprocessable_entity }
end
end
This plugin makes writing controllers look more like writing models, with declarative class methods like resource_controller, and "callbacks" like action.wants. The plugin automatically gives the controller the right instance variable for each action, in this case either @standards for the index action or @standard for the others.
There are some common patterns in Rails which force changing controller code. One of these is nesting resources. It's easy to set up the routes in the config/routes.rb file
map.resources :organization, :has_many => :standards
But once you've done this, you need to change the controller to fetch and use the parent resource and use it appropriately for each action. The resource_controller plugin simplifies this. After the above routing change all that's needed is to add a declarative call to our controller
class StandardsController < ApplicationController
resource_controller
belongs_to :organization
end
The belongs_to declaration enables the controller to be used with the nested resource. Now when a controller action is reached through a nested resource URL, like /organization/1234/standards, the controller will automatically create an instance variable named @organization and set it appropriately, and will use the standards association of the parent object to find, and build instances of the model Standard.
Note that the same controller also works if the URL is not nested, so we can have another mapping in routes.rb which allows access to standards outside of an organization:
map.resources :standard
map.resources :organization, :has_many :standards
And the resource controller will automatically work in either context.
The plugin also handles namespaced controllers, polymorphic nested resources (similar and related to polymorphic associations in ActiveRecord) and other magic. You also get URL and path helper functions which work in the context of the URL in the request.
Resource_controller looks like a useful plugin, and it will no doubt get even better as it matures. The details are on James Golicks blog . There's also a rapid-fire screencast by Fabio Akita, which really shows what the plugin can do in action.
SCRAP is going to celebrate the Real Escape Game 10th anniversary along with the 5th anniversary of the Detective Conan participation. According to the news, they have stated that the latest Detective Conan Real Escape game will have its own tie-in TV special called Ehon Kara Tobidasu Bakudan Ma (The Bomb Demon That Came from the Picture Book).
The tie-in TV special will release in 2017 of winter. For more information about the Detective Conan TV special will be announced in the future.
Story Set
The story will be set in London themed park which is known as the Touto London City, which also consists of main London attractions such as Big Ben and Tower Bridge. One of the famous attraction in the said place is called the Mystery Game. If this attraction if completely open to the public, there will be an explosion sets off inside the park. To be able to solve this mystery, the players must be able to find 3 pop up books to completely diffuse the 3 bombs which is called the Bomb Demon left behind. Players must act as quickly as possible before they run out of time.
5th Anniversary Special
The new game is a part of the 5th anniversary event for the collaboration of Detective Conan manga and the SCRAP. The Real Escape Games may be difficult to play so the SCRAP offers a family or a beginner ticket for the fans. This would allow families with children to enjoy their experience in the said games and have easier entertainment that kids can participate in.
Moreover, the SCRAP created a fan vote to choose their main characters of the game. Heiji Hattori (Harley Hartwell) in English name won the vote.
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Like this: Like Loading...
After years of discussion, Columbus has new regulations that will allow vendors to sell a taco, pita or other food from a truck parked on a city street. The city council approved the food-truck legislation unanimously last night, allowing food trucks to park and conduct business on city streets for the first time.
After years of discussion, Columbus has new regulations that will allow vendors to sell a taco, pita or other food from a truck parked on a city street.
The city council approved the food-truck legislation unanimously last night, allowing food trucks to park and conduct business on city streets for the first time. Previously, trucks could park and sell their food only on private property.
About a month ago, food-truck owners were decrying an earlier version of the rules. Now, they�re commending the city.
�They did, for the most part, what we wanted to see, and, overall, they listened to us,� said Brian Reed, president of the Central Ohio Food Truck Association and owner of the Mojo Tago truck.
Reed and the association, whose membership has grown from 11 food trucks in mid-2012 to more than 30 today, worried that the earlier proposal was not specific enough and could be used to harm their businesses.
He said that Councilwoman Michelle M. Mills addressed those concerns in recent weeks.
�It has been a long journey,� said Mills, who started working on the issue in 2012.
The Central Ohio Restaurant Association, which met with food-truck owners, also supports the legislation.
The new rules create an appeals process for restaurant owners who want food trucks parked near their establishments to move.
Tom Hart, an attorney for the restaurant association, said Columbus restaurants were never concerned about added competition from food trucks. Rather, he said, they worried that too many people massing between a restaurant and a truck could create safety problems.
Food trucks have to undergo health and fire inspections, pay inspection and license fees of at least $180, and pay a $250 annual fee for a permit to park on city streets. An advisory board of city employees, community members and food-truck owners will pick designated spots for vending and review and propose new rules for the trucks.
Trucks will reserve specific spots in congested areas such as the Short North; there will be 20 spots, with the locations to be determined. In other commercial areas, trucks can use the first and last spot on any block. Vending is not allowed without a special permit in noncommercial areas, such as residential areas.
Also last night, the city council approved tax incentives for four expanding businesses:
� NBBJ architects will receive a six-year, 65 percent property-tax abatement on $2 million in investment that the firm plans to make at 250 S. High St. The tax break is worth $109,590. NBBJ will add 16 jobs with salaries ranging from $53,000 to $150,000 per year.
� Kimball Midwest motor supply will receive a 10-year, 75 percent property-tax abatement on $7.8 million in planned improvements to its facility at 4800 Roberts Rd.
The tax break is worth $1.8 million. Kimball will add 60 jobs with wages of $25,000 or $50,000 per year.
The council also approved paying Kimball an amount equal to half of the new income taxes those employees pay for five years, a benefit that would total $140,000 over five years.
� Airside One, a commercial real-estate leasing firm, will receive a 10-year, 75 percent property-tax abatement on $6 million in improvements that it�s making to property on Bridgeway Avenue at Port Columbus.
The tax break is worth nearly $1.2 million. Airside One says the project will create 10 jobs, each with pay of $35,000 per year.
� Fireproof Partners, which is redeveloping its Fireproof Storage building at 1024 N. High St., will receive a 15-year, 50 percent tax abatement on $11.3 million in investment. The tax break is worth about $650,000.
Fireproof Partners says the project will create 24 jobs, with pay ranging from $33,800 to $58,240 per year.
Will Drabold is a fellow in the E.W. Scripps School of Journalism Statehouse News Bureau.
wdrabold@dispatch.com
@WillDrabold
Story highlights Christopher Cantwell is denied bail, law enforcement source says
Cantwell surrendered to police in Lynchburg, Virginia, on Wednesday
(CNN) Christopher Cantwell, who was featured in a Vice documentary about a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, was denied bail on Thursday after turning himself in earlier, a senior law enforcement official said.
Police at the University of Virginia, where a torch-lit march was held on August 11, had issued warrants for his arrest on two counts of illegal use of tear gas and other gases, and one count of malicious bodily injury with a caustic substance. All the charges are felonies.
The New Hampshire resident surrendered to police in Lynchburg, Virginia, on Wednesday.
Cantwell was denied bond in Albemarle County General District Court, according to the senior law enforcement official in Charlottesville. He appeared in court via video conference from the Albemarle County Regional Jail.
A preliminary hearing was set for October 12.
Read More
In 2011 scrolling was the new black. We've seen all kinds of site that use some kind of cool way to scroll. The effect is called parallax scrolling and has been around since the days of Super Mario Bros (probably longer). The idea is pretty simple; you have multiple layers which you move at different speeds to give the illusion of depth.
How does it work?
The effect is achieved by moving layers with sprites at different speeds.In a platform game you'd move the backmost layer at a much slower speed than the front-most layer. Our example above we chose to have a fixed scenery where the viewer moves but always looks at the same point in the distance.
The principle is best illustrated but the diagrams below. Both diagrams depict the scene from above (at least how it should be virtually). In the base position, all layers are centered in the box and are anchored to the viewer's line of sight. Once the viewer (in the example your mouse cursor) moves, the layers move too. Because the viewer moves but is still looking at the same center, each of the layers move a different amount.
Base position Moved position
Of course we've added the layer with multiple backrounds in css3. On mouse-move we just calculate the new background-position of each layer and set it accordingly.
Show us the source!
Feel free to look around the different source files we used for this example.
Giveaway Marathon Day 37: Win an Engraved Bamboo Star Trek Art Cutting Board and a Precision Cutting Board from Bluefire Artistic Creations! 1/05/2015 Laura Watkins 0 Comments
Win an Engraved Bamboo Star Trek Art Cutting Board
AND an Engraved Bamboo Precision Cutting Board
Bluefire Artistic Creations is a family operated business specializing personalized and custom designed items created in an artistic and cost effective fashion. Our Etsy store offers laser engraved and dye sublimated products ranging from personalized gifts to fun geeky items and a small sample of our awards options. Our talented artist Jenn Lopez is an alumnus of the Savannah College of Art and Design and can help you create the perfect gift for someone special or for yourself!
We also make awards for nearly every budget that give your group the ability to present awards and trophies that will not only stand out, but will actually be displayed once they make it home. Our awards are designed and made in house from various materials including polished acrylic, glass, wood, or stone and in any size to fit your needs. We can laser engrave or dye sublimate them with your logo, the recipient's picture or any other design you can think of. If it can be put on a computer screen, we can put it on your award! Owners Art Chapman and Jenn Lopez take awards to a higher level adding value to an event.
Psst! Don't miss a post! Sign up for my email list and get your
Be sure to enter our other geeky giveaways and follow me on Facebook for more prizes!
Scientists have discovered 14 new species of so-called dancing frogs in the jungle mountains of southern India.
Indian biologists say they found the tiny acrobatic amphibians, which earned their name with the unusual kicks they use to attract mates, declining dramatically in number during the 12 years in which they chronicled the species through morphological descriptions and molecular DNA markers. They breed after the yearly monsoon in fast-rushing streams, but their habitat appears to be becoming increasingly dry.
"It's like a Hollywood movie, both joyful and sad. On the one hand, we have brought these beautiful frogs into public knowledge. But about 80% are outside protected areas, and in some places, it was as if nature itself was crying," said the project's lead scientist, University of Delhi professor Sathyabhama Das Biju.
Biju said that, as researchers tracked frog populations, forest soils lost moisture and perennial streams ran inexplicably dry. He acknowledged his team's observations about forest conditions were only anecdotal; the scientists did not have time or resources to collect data demonstrating the declining habitat trends they believed they were witnessing.
The study listing the new species published Thursday in the Ceylon Journal of Science brings the number of known Indian dancing frog species to 24. They're found exclusively in the Western Ghats, a lush mountain range that stretches 1,600 kilometers (990 miles) from the western state of Maharashtra down to the country's southern tip.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest One of the 14 new species of so-called dancing frogs Photograph: Satyabhama Das Biju/AP
Only the males dance it's actually a unique breeding behavior called foot-flagging. They stretch, extend and whip their legs out to the side to draw the attention of females who might have trouble hearing mating croaks over the sound of water flowing through perennial hill streams.
They bigger the frog, the more they dance. They also use those leg extensions to smack away other males an important feature considering the sex ratio for the amphibians is usually around 100 males to one female.
"They need to perform and prove, 'Hey, I'm the best man for you,'" said Biju, a botanist-turned-herpetologist now celebrated as India's "Frogman" for discovering dozens of new species in his four-decade career.
There are other dancing frogs in Central America and Southeast Asia, but the Indian family, known by the scientific name Micrixalidae, evolved separately about 85 million years ago.
Biju and his team had long been baffled about the frogs' mating patterns, after searching years around the forest floor for egg clutches without success. But one late October day in 2011 they witnessed a rare tryst, and saw the female immediately bury her eggs once fertilized. This confirmed the frogs were indeed breeding only after stream levels had come down, and underlined how vulnerable they might be to changes in rainfall or water availability.
These are tiny, delicate frogs no bigger than a walnut and can easily be swept away in a gushing mountain stream. So breeding happens only once the level of a stream levels drops to the point where the water babbles over boulders and stones, he explained. If streams hold less water or dry out too early, the frogs get caught without the right conditions to breed.
"Compared with other frogs, these are so sensitive to this habitat that any change might be devastating for them," Biju said. "Back in 2006, we saw maybe 400 to 500 hopping around during the egg-laying season. But each year there were less, and in the end even if you worked very hard it was difficult to catch even 100."
The Western Ghats, older than the Himalayas, is among the world's most biologically exciting regions, holding at least a quarter of all Indian species. Yet in recent decades, the region has faced a constant assault by iron and bauxite mining, water pollution, unregulated farming and loss of habitat to human settlements.
A 2010 report by India's Environment Ministry also said the Ghats were likely to be hard-hit by changing rainfall patterns due to climate change, and more recent scientific studies have also suggested monsoon patterns will grow increasingly erratic.
India's government has been working to establish a vast environmental protection zone across the Ghats to limit polluting industrial activities and human encroachment, but it put the latest proposal on hold earlier this year.
Meanwhile, as India's population has grown to a staggering 1.2bn, at least 25% of the forests have vanished from the Ghats, which is now home to more than 325 of the world's threatened species of plants, birds, amphibians, reptiles and fish.
Many of these newly discovered frogs could soon be joining them, Biju said. Many of the 24 known Indian dancing frog species lives only in a single, small area. Seven were in what Biju described as highly degraded habitats where logging or new plantations were taking over, while another 12 species were in areas that appeared in ecological decline.
Biju's determination, or even obsession, with documenting as many new frog species as possible stems from his fear that many will vanish as "unnamed extinctions" before scientists ever learn they exist. Scientists believe Earth has about 8.7m distinct plant and animal species, but they have documented only 1.5m.
Amphibians are particularly vulnerable. At least one-third of the world's known 6,000 frog species are threatened with extinction from habitat loss, pollution, changing temperatures or exotic diseases spread by invasive animals and pests, according to Global Wildlife Conservation.
Sonali Garg one of the study's co-authors, said her family initially thought she was crazy for wanting to study frogs. "But slowly, they're becoming aware of how important and special frogs are," she said. "Slowly, I'm converting them."
A new polymer 10 – Pula banknote with new security features is to be put in circulation next February. Briefing the media on Monday, Bank of Botswana governor, Mr Moses Pelaelo said the banknote is being replaced following public outcry over the quality of the current banknote.
Mr Pelaelo said the main motivation behind the move was durability, explaining that with the banknote being the lowest denomination, it remains in circulation far longer than higher denominations. The governor further said while the current 10 – Pula banknote is expected to remain in circulation for four months, it's been observed that it remains in circulation for eight months because it's used largely as change.
“A varnish has been applied to the new 10 – Pula banknote to extend its lifespan,” he said.
Mr Pelaelo said using polymer allows for the adoption of more advanced security features, which guards against counterfeiting as well as to enhance confidence in the national currency.
The new banknotes are made from a polymer such as biaxially oriented polypropylene. Such notes incorporate many security features including the use of metameric inks, absent in regular paper banknotes.
Mr Pelaelo said the polymer substrate is more durable than the paper substrate, extending the lifespan of the banknote by approximately 3 – 4 times that of a banknote made of paper substrate.
“The non-absorbent nature of the polymer substrate provides an effective barrier to moisture and soiling, which keeps banknotes clean for a longer period,” he said.
Botswana has looked to countries such as Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the United Kingdom to benchmark, as they use polymer substrate for their banknotes. The new P10 banknote has largely maintained the same design and colour as the existent one banknote. It feels smoother than the paper banknote and has a clear window, which replaces the watermark in the old paper banknote.
Held against the light, a rampant zebra can be seen in the clear window from the Bank's crest on either side of the banknote. The figure 10 can also be seen in the shield beside the rampant zebra. When the banknote is tilted, a shiny golden diamond can be seen in the middle of the banknote.
Under ultra-violet light, various parts of the banknote such as the serial number on the left, a large number 10 next to the portrait of the President and some small text behind the Bank of Botswana title glow.
When examined under magnifying devices, some areas of the banknote that appear either as a line or areas of plain print, are in fact small letters and numbers.
Source: BOPA
Papa John's said its CEO, John Schnatter (center, in red), helped write its statement. (Rob Kim/Getty Images)
Papa John's issued an apology via its Twitter account Tuesday for having blamed disappointing quarterly earnings on NFL players' protests during the national anthem. The pizza chain said that while it believes Americans “should honor the anthem,” it supports “the players' movement to create a new platform for change.”
Earlier in the month, the founder and CEO of Papa John's, John Schnatter, said that the NFL's “controversy” was the result of the league's “poor leadership” and “should have been nipped in the bud a year and a half ago.” Without specifying the controversy to which he was referring, Schnatter said that it was hurting the NFL's TV ratings and thus sales of his product, which is advertised heavily during games.
[Protesting athletes are ‘models of American patriotism,' says Pistons Coach Stan Van Gundy]
Papa John's president and chief operating officer Steve Ritchie added at the time that his company has been the most recognized NFL sponsor for the past two years, suggesting that its success is more linked to that of the league than is the case for other pizza chains. He said that he expected the earnings decline for Papa John's “to persist” until “a solution is put in place” by the NFL for its player protests.
“The statements made on our earnings call were describing the factors that impact our business and we sincerely apologize to anyone that thought they were divisive,” Papa John's said Tuesday. “That definitely was not our intention.
“We believe in the right to protest inequality and support the players' movement to create a new platform for change. We also believe together, as Americans, we should honor our anthem. There is a way to do both.
“We will work with the players and league to find a positive way forward,” Papa John's continued. “Open to ideas from all. Except neo-nazis — [middle-finger emoji] those guys.”
The statements made on our earnings call were describing the factors that impact our business and we sincerely apologize to anyone that thought they were divisive. That definitely was not our intention. (1/3) — Papa John's Pizza (@PapaJohns) November 15, 2017
We will work with the players and league to find a positive way forward. Open to ideas from all. Except neo-nazis — 🖕those guys. (3/3) — Papa John's Pizza (@PapaJohns) November 15, 2017
Schnatter's original comments turned his company into an emblem of the political and cultural divide in the United States, with some people advocating boycotts of Papa John's and others praising his stance. However, the company made efforts to distance itself from the quick approval of the white supremacist website The Daily Stormer, which posted an image of a pizza pie with pepperoni slices arranged into a swastika and suggested that Papa John's was now the “official pizza of the alt-right.”
“We condemn racism in all forms and any and all hate groups that support it,” Papa John's public relations executive Peter Collins said in a statement to the Huffington Post. “We do not want these individuals or groups to buy our pizza.”
The chief marketing officer for Papa John's, Brandon Rhoten, told Ad Age last week that his company was “talking about what next steps look like.” Despite the NFL's ratings decline, Rhoten described the league as “still a gargantuan source of reach and benefit for brands” and said, “I can't imagine we would walk away from the NFL, ever.”
“The question is: How do we allocate the funds to the NFL and, fundamentally, how do we broaden our media approach so we're less beholden to whether ratings are up or down slightly?” Rhoten, who identified himself as doing the tweeting for Papa John's Tuesday, added.
In addition to allowing itself to be perceived as opposed to players' efforts to highlight racial injustice, Papa John's has been drawn into Cowboys owner Jerry Jones's feud with NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell and other owners. Pro Football Talk recently reported that there is a “belief among owners” that Jones, who also owns many Papa John's stores, “instigated” Schnatter to “disparage” the league.
[Some NFL owners discuss penalties for Jerry Jones, Cowboys if Goodell extension battle continues]
Following a number of negative headlines that have likely damaged its brand, Papa John's has apparently decided that one of its next steps is to proclaim its support for NFL players. It said Tuesday via Twitter that Schnatter “helped write and endorsed” its statement of apology.
In response to a Twitter user's wry observation that Papa John's “really needed 2 weeks to come up with a ‘sorry you were offended' statement,” the company said, “We agree it took too long. It became obvious over the last week people didn't understand our position. We should have followed our instincts and been more clear from the start.”
We are - stay tuned. — Papa John's Pizza (@PapaJohns) November 15, 2017
Read more from The Post:
‘Laughable,' ‘ridiculous': Here's what Jerry Jones thinks about reports he could be ousted
Colin Kaepernick is GQ's ‘Citizen of the Year' but chooses to stay silent
Michael Bennett stands during anthem for Cardinals' ‘Salute to Service' night
Veteran sportswriter uses ‘n*****' while commenting on LeBron James-Knicks scuffle
Interview with actor Stephen Amell on the "Green Carpet" for Arrow Episode 100.
With the 100th episode of Arrow hitting the air on Wednesday, November 30, we have begun rolling out our interview videos from the “Green Carpet” event celebrating the milestone. While we ran some text of our interview with Stephen Amell before, now we are sharing the interview (with video!) in its entirety.
“The fact that this 100th episode took place during the crossovers allowed us to do stuff that we would never be able to do or justify if it wasn't during the crossover,” Stephen said of some of the situations that we'll be seeing in the celebratory event, which will bring past favorites like Susanna Thompson and Katie Cassidy back to the series. “All of the elements that come in with Supergirl, and Flash, and Legends, and time travel, and aliens… it gave us a chance to do something for Arrow that was basically like if the writers had a blank canvas and said ‘what could we do that would be fun?' That's what we do in this episode.”
When asked which actor he was most looking forward to working with in the crossover, Stephen admitted that that person would be Victor Garber. “I have been a fan of Victor's since I saw Titanic. Unbelievably, I did not know that he was Canadian, of which I'm ashamed of this fact. But we got to a number of a scene together with the crossover, and he is as lovely as I anticipated he'd be,” Stephen enthused.
Stephen first landed the role of Oliver Queen nearly five years ago, and when asked how his life has changed during that time, he asked “How long do we have?”
“On paper, this was ‘the job.' An opportunity I would have to make my name and to make my living as an actor,” he reflected. “When I booked the job, I was dating someone and living in an apartment in Hollywood, and renting it, and five years later, I'm married with a beautiful young daughter and hopefully more kids at some point. I have to speak tonight, one of the things I get to talk about it is the crew and all of the things that I've had a chance to experience in the past five years. Ultimately, it's been totally transformative. Everything from me professionally to me personally and spiritually and gray hair, and all that stuff. It's been really something.”
And in going back to the beginning, and on the subject of hair, we have to wonder: When is Oliver Queen going to grow that Grizzly Adams-like mane that he sported in the pilot episode's flashback?
“Don't you worry about that, Craig. We've got that taken care of,” Stephen promised. “It's a pitch that I made way back in Season 2.”
You can watch the entire video below. Apologies in advance for the sound quality; there was a failure with the external microphone. Arrow Episode 100, part of The CW's four-show “Invasion!” airs November 30. Follow @GreenArrowTV on Twitter for updates when more interviews are being posted!
The power to resist temptation has been extolled by philosophers, psychologists, teachers, coaches, and mothers. Anyone with advice on how you should live your life has surely spoken to you of its benefits. It is the path to the good life, professional and personal satisfaction, social adjustment and success, performance under pressure, and the best way for any child to avoid a penetrating stare and a cold dinner. Of course, this assumes that our natural urges are a thing to be resisted – that there is a devil inside, luring you to cheat, offend, err, and annoy. New research has begun to question this assumption.
A new brain imaging study by Josh Greene and Joe Paxton at Harvard University published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences suggests that what separates the well-behaved from the poorly-behaved might not be the ability to control your temptations but rather what kind of temptations you have. For example, foregoing the opportunity for short-term gain and satisfaction, whether it is a delicious slice of tiramisu or that wallet stuffed with cash you stumbled across in the empty parking lot, will depend more on the nature of your automatic urges than your ability to control them.
Greene and Paxton were interested in why people behave honestly when confronted with the opportunity to anonymously cheat for personal gain. They considered two possible explanations. First, there is the “Will” hypothesis: in order to behave honestly people must actively resist the temptation to cheat. In other words, returning the wallet depends on your ability to stifle your desire to take the cash and buy yourself something nice. Alternatively, there is the “Grace” hypothesis: honest behavior results from the absence of temptation. Returning the wallet requires no particular ability to control your treacherous urges – the urge simply isn't there.
These two hypotheses make competing predictions regarding the brain regions activated when acting honestly as well as the time it should take participants to decide to act honestly. If “Will” is correct then people who choose to act honestly should exhibit heightened activity in brain regions responsible for cognitive control (presumably resulting from the struggle to ignore immediate desires). But if “Grace” is right then no such increase should occur. Furthermore, people should take a longer time to decide to act honestly if doing so requires a conscious act of “Will,” but a relatively shorter time to act if all you need is a bit of “Grace.”
In order to test these possibilities the researchers measured neural activity in an fMRI machine while participants played a computerized game wherein they could gain money by predicting the outcome of coin flips. Correctly guess heads or tails, you get some cash. In one condition, participants recorded their predictions before seeing any of the flips, precluding the opportunity to cheat. In the other condition, participants were rewarded based on self-reported accuracy after the flips, and therefore could fudge their predictions in accordance with the outcome of the flip. I got 100 percent correct, Mr. Experimenter, must be my lucky day!
Consistent with the “Grace” hypothesis, those who acted honestly (who guessed wrong and self-reported as much) showed no increased activity in control-related areas relative to others who guessed wrong but did not have the opportunity to cheat. Honest reporting of scores, then, didn't require will-power, these participants simply did not feel the urge to cheat. Reaction time data further supported “Grace” showing that participants who acted honestly took no longer to do so, on average, when they had the opportunity to cheat than when they did not. The authors suggest that these findings demonstrate the human capacity to, at least temporarily, achieve a state of “moral grace” – a state devoid of selfish temptation.
But what good does this state serve? Why would we be averse, or even indifferent, to cheating when we could benefit from it? Perhaps because our automatic responses have evolved in social environments where self-interested behavior in the short-term has not always leaded to personal gains over the long-term. Gaining a reputation as a cheat would be a one-way ticket to ostracism. Having intuitions sensitive to equity and the needs of others would promote the formation and maintenance of cooperative relationships that would ultimately be of benefit to the individual.
Greene and Paxton's findings fit nicely with this idea, as well as past research showing that many of our intuitions regarding equity/fairness actually promote prosocial behavior, and we overcome them at our peril. This is not only because of the positive social consequences they confer, but also because the cognitive processes we use to overcome them can be susceptible to bias, motivated reasoning, justification and rationalization.
This is not to say that self-control is an impediment to social life. Clearly certain desires and urges are better off ignored. The psychologist Dan Gilbert has found that participants, when given the choice between receiving $50 now or $60 a month from now, prefer the immediate reward. The strong desire for cash in hand trumps the thought that you'd be better off if you waited for the higher sum. In this case, if it weren't for those pesky urges, life would be much easier – you could more effectively plan for the long-term. But what's also clear is that many of our urges guide us towards decision and actions that, while contrary to short-term goals, are in our long-term interests. Given Greene and Paxton's findings, it seems that at least in some situations the best way to consider the future is by not considering it at all.
Are you a scientist? Have you recently read a peer-reviewed paper that you want to write about? Then contact Mind Matters co-editor Gareth Cook, a Pulitzer prize-winning journalist at the Boston Globe, where he edits the Sunday Ideas section.
Australian TV program exposes Assange frame-up
By Mike Head
28 July 2012
“Four Corners”, an Australian Broadcasting Corporation current affairs program, this week broadcast what amounted to an exposé of the frame-up of WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange on allegations of sexual misconduct in Sweden. Assange remains inside the Ecuadorian embassy in London, seeking political asylum from the threat of being removed to Sweden, which would in turn facilitate extradition to the US.
The program provided a valuable service by simply piecing together what happened in the three crucial weeks after Assange arrived in Sweden in mid-August 2010. Assange was there to address a conference and investigate the possibility of hosting WikiLeaks' operations in a secure computer facility.
By tracing the chronology, the program also clarified the connection between the Swedish witchhunt and the Grand Jury operation underway in the United States to charge Assange with espionage for WikiLeaks' exposures of US war crimes (see: “Sex, Lies and Julian Assange”).
The program provided substantial evidence that the allegations against him were false and politically motivated. The unproven accusations were used to blacken his name in Sweden and around the world, and counter the widespread public support that he and WikiLeaks had won for courageously exposing the crimes and machinations of the US and other powers.
Reported by Andrew Fowler, the program recounts that when Assange arrived in Sweden on August 11, he was offered accommodation at the apartment of Anna Ardin. She was meant to be away, but returned on the evening of August 13. That night she had consensual sex with Assange, who continued to stay in the apartment until August 18—five days after the occasion on which the Swedish authorities later alleged Assange had used force against her.
In fact, Ardin several times insisted that Assange stay, rejecting offers from others to have the WikiLeaks' chief stay with them. On the two nights following the supposed assault, Ardin arranged a crayfish barbecue for Assange and attended a dinner party by his side. During the crayfish party, she had tweeted: “Sitting outdoors at 02:00 and hardly freezing with the world's coolest, smartest people! It's amazing!” Later she told a friend she had a “wild weekend” with him.
On August 16, with Ardin's knowledge, Assange travelled out of town to spend a night with a second young woman, Sofia Wilen. The following day, the two women began exchanging emails. Ultimately, four days later, on August 20, Ardin and Wilen went to a Stockholm police station to see if they could compel Assange to take a sexual health test.
Instead, the police declared that Assange was to be arrested and questioned about possible rape and molestation. Wilen became so distraught at this that she refused to give any more testimony or sign what had been taken down.
That same night, a prosecutor issued a warrant for Assange's arrest. The prosecutor's office did not contact Assange. Instead, within hours, it leaked to the tabloid newspaper Expressen the statements made by the two women. The newspaper's front page read: “Assange hunted for rape in Sweden.”
This was just the first evidence of high-level collusion, involving the police, the prosecutor's office and the media, to destroy Assange's reputation.
Within 24 hours of the arrest warrant, there was a further twist. A more senior prosecutor dismissed the rape allegations, leaving only the lesser accusation of molestation. Assange voluntarily went to the police on August 30 and made a statement. During the interview he expressed his fears that whatever he said would end up in the Expressen. The interviewing police officer said: “I'm not going to leak anything.” The interview was nevertheless leaked.
Assange was still not charged with any offence—a fact that remains to this day. Instead, he was assured by the prosecutor that he was free to leave the country while an inquiry continued, an assurance that was later dramatically reversed.
The only conclusion one can draw is that Assange was either deliberately set-up, or that the women later came under significant pressure to testify against him. The current allegations by the two women against Assange are unclear. Their lawyer, Claes Borgstrom, refused to disclose any details of their case. When “Four Corners” suggested to him: “It looks as though they are in fact setting him up,” he replied defensively: “I'm quite aware of that.”
Assange left for London on September 27, in preparation for the October 22 release of WikiLeaks' third major blow to Washington and its allies, the Iraq War Logs. The logs documented thousands of civilian killings and other war crimes, including hundreds of reports of abuse, torture, rape and murder by Iraqi police and soldiers, between 2004 and 2009.
WikiLeaks had already been denounced by the US government for earlier publishing the “Collateral Murder” video, showing the US military's aerial killing of innocent civilians in Iraq, and the Afghan War Logs, documenting civilian killings and violent assaults by US and allied special forces.
Ominously, 12 days after giving Assange clearance to leave the country, and as he was working on the Iraq War logs release, the Swedish authorities suddenly issued an Interpol Red Notice warrant for his arrest. Assange offered to return within a month. The Swedish authorities said it was too late—the warrant had already been issued.
In the same weeks, the Obama administration instigated a full-scale investigation against WikiLeaks and launched a financial blockade to starve WikiLeaks of funds.
“Four Corners” replayed a May 2012 clip from the US Ambassador to Australia, Jeffrey Bleich, denying any American interest in Sweden's bid to extradite Assange. “It's not something that the US cares about, it's not interested in it, it hasn't been involved in it,” Bleich insisted.
But the program added to the mounting evidence of an indictment being prepared against Assange. It showed a copy of a subpoena from a US Grand Jury that is examining possible charges, including “conspiracy to communicate or transmit national defence information.”
The subpoena contained the identifying codes 10 and 3793. Assange's US lawyer, Michael Ratner, explained: “[T]he Grand Jury's number is 10, standing for the year it began, GJ which is Grand Jury and then 3793. Three is the Conspiracy Statute in the United States. 793 is the Espionage Statute. So what they're investigating is 3793: conspiracy to commit espionage.”
That is significant because the conspiracy charge would be designed to link Assange to Bradley Manning, the US army private who has been incarcerated for more than two years, accused of leaking material to WikiLeaks. Any sole prosecution of Assange under the Espionage Act would face legal difficulties, because there is no evidence that WikiLeaks played any part in actually leaking material (see: “US government pursues bogus criminal prosecution of WikiLeaks and Julian Assange”).
Interviewed by “Four Corners” via telephone from the Ecuadorean embassy, Assange revealed several developments that impelled him to seek asylum. “First of all, the Swedish government publicly announced that it would detain me without charge in prison under severe conditions. On the same evening, the UK government security contractors that maintained the electronic manacle around my leg, turned up unannounced at 10.30 p.m. and insisted on fitting another manacle to my leg.
“Then the next day, the Crown Prosecution Service, acting we believe on behalf of the Swedish government, requested that the 14 days that I had to apply to the European Court of Human Rights, be reduced to zero.”
Assange's Swedish lawyer, Per Samuelson, explained that if extradited to Sweden, Assange would be “kept there in isolation for four days. He can only meet with me and my co-lawyer. On the fourth day he will be brought into a courtroom in handcuffs in front of a custody judge.”
“Four Corners” reviewed Sweden's record of assisting CIA renditions of two Swedish citizens to Egypt to be tortured during the past decade. Andrew Fowler explained: “A United Nations investigation later found against Sweden. The country was forced to pay compensation.”
On the phone, Assange told “Four Corners”: “If I was suddenly taken to Sweden, I would not be in a position to apply for political asylum in relation to the United States. It would be the end of the road. I would just be taken from one jail to another.”
“Four Corners” replayed Prime Minister Julia Gillard's prejudicial declaration, just as the frame-up was gathering pace in December 2010, that Assange's actions in publishing incriminating secret US government documents were “illegal”. The program did not probe the Australian government's active involvement in the Obama administration's vendetta against the Australian citizen. Yet, by producing evidence of the Grand Jury, it made a mockery of the government's denials of any knowledge of any US plans to prosecute Assange.
When “Four Corners” asked the Australian government several questions about the Assange case, Foreign Minister Bob Carr's spokesman clung to the government's line. “The Australian government has no advice that the US government is seeking to prosecute Mr Assange,” he stated. “The Australian government has made clear to the US that it would expect any charges laid against Mr Assange to be carried out in accordance with due process.”
In other words, while maintaining the fraud that it knows nothing, the Gillard government has signalled its readiness to accept meaningless US assurances of “due process” as Assange is railroaded to jail, possibly for life.
The entire political establishment in Australia is complicit in the vendetta against Assange. The Greens are in a de facto coalition with the minority Labor government and are responsible for all its actions. Moreover, while posturing as defenders of Assange and WikiLeaks, the Greens have lent credence to the Swedish rape allegations, insisting that the case ought to proceed.
Interviewed at a rally to defend Assange in Melbourne on July 1, deputy Greens' leader Adam Bandt stated: “Obviously, there are charges [sic] and claims in Sweden that need to be answered ... That's our real concern, to make sure that he faces and answers whatever claims have been made against him in Sweden, but that he's entitled to return to Australia safely and that the Australian government does everything it can to make sure he's not taken to the United States.”
The pseudo-left Socialist Alternative group has similarly refused to oppose the Swedish frame up, declaring that “the validity of these allegations [is] an issue that we can't possibly judge.”
In Australia and internationally, the pseudo-lefts' cowardly refusal to take a position on the allegations that have become the central mechanism of the US vendetta against Assange reflects their preoccupation with feminism and other forms of middle class identity politics. For these layers, the presumption of innocence and other basic legal principles are thrown out the window when it comes to allegations of sexual assault.
Against this line-up, working people and youth must come to the defence of Assange, and basic legal and democratic rights, mobilising against the governments that are intent on preventing any further exposure of their crimes.
The author also recommends:
Defend Julian Assange
[9 June 2012]
The Persecution of WikiLeaks
Sergio Perez thinks his performance at the Singapore Grand Prix, where he stretched out a soft tyre stint for over half the race, was "one of his best" in Formula One.
Perez started 18th after being hit with a combined eight-place grid drop for multiple infractions under the yellow flag in qualifying. Despite his low start he still started on the ultra-soft tyre as he had made it through to Q3, but a first-lap Safety Car allowed him to immediately stop for the soft - the hardest compound in Pirelli's range for the weekend.
Perez stopped for another set of softs on lap 25 which he managed to stretch out until the end of the 61-lap race, by which time he had climbed to eighth position.
"It was a special effort from myself," Perez said. "I think it's my one of my best performances in Formula One, to manage these soft tyres for 36 laps.
"I'm so pleased with how the race went, that we managed to secure the points. We're ahead of Williams, which we needed to do. It was a very difficult race out there but we did an extremely good job."
The Pirelli chart below shows how different Perez's strategy was to those around him:
Pirelli Motorsport
Perez's points helped Force India edge back in front of Williams in the battle for fourth position. Perez's teammate Nico Hulkenberg was spun into the pit wall at the start and retired, but Williams drivers Felipe Massa and Valtteri Bottas both finished outside of the points-paying positions.
Kikori Con is a new Anime convention starting up in Flagstaff Arizona over Veterans Day weekend (11/9-11/11, 2013).
My name is Greg "Sheb" Fennell and I'm here to bring back Anime to the Flagstaff area. For the past 3 years Flagstaff had an amazing convention ran by good friends of mine, but unfortunately they had to cancel all future events due to personal issues. This saddened me as they really enjoyed running the convention and Flagstaff really enjoyed having the convention there.
This is where I come into the equation. I have been running anime conventions and events for over 7 years and have been very successful with all of our events, growing each one yearly in attendance. My goal is to do the same in Flagstaff, but I need your help with the initial year to get the event started.
Your contributions will help us launch a new Anime Convention in Flagstaff Arizona and bring a smile to the faces of all those who were sad to see the previous convention close its doors.
We will be bringing two guests this year, and are already in talks with both of them to attend. We will update this page once we have a signed commitment to attend by each of them.
What your contributions will help us with
The contributions we recieve will help us with the hotel rental costs as well as the costs for the guests we are going to bring out. It will also help out with all the other operational costs that are required to put on a successful convention.
Our Guests
Our Hotel
Little America
2515 East Butler Avenue
Flagstaff, Arizona 86004
Special Events
With 5 programming rooms we will have tons of programming throughout the weekend, but there will be a few key events we can share with you:
Cosplay Masquerade
Anime Dance on Saturday and Sunday night
Japanese Fashion Show
Japanese Maid Cafe
Lolita Tea Party
Asian Ball Jointed Doll gathering
Gaming provided by AZHP
What you get for your contributions
SWGEmu Publish 9 - "Secrets of the Force, Redux" loading screen competition
April 2017
The SWGEmu Staff
The SWGEmu Publish 9 - "Secrets of the Force, Redux" loading screen competition
Hear ye! Hear ye!
Publish 9 is looming
It's just around the corner.
You have waited far too long,
SWGEmu Staff has worked too damn hard.
And now... Now we are so close.
We can almost taste it.
So we need to spice things up.
We need to make it even more... grand!
But we need your help,
We need your personal touch.
So come one, come all.
Release your inner artist.
And let your Star Wars geekiness shine.
Make us a damn fine Publish 9 themed loading screen.
Winner gets a potato!!!
And bragging rights.
Gets to be immortalized through their masterpiece.
Oh and, you might want to throw in a bit of lore
to accompany your work of art.
You know, just to explain
where the inspiration for it came from.
A batch of insecticide from 2009 designed to kill adult mosquitoes has been deemed OK for use and will be puffed out into the air this weekend as fogging resumes in Winnipeg, according to the city.
Ken Nawolsky told reporters that malathion will be used over the weekend as the city resumes adult nuisance mosquito fogging. (CBC) "The Insect Control Branch has used a combination of larviciding and residual treatments to control mosquito populations. These measures alone are no longer sufficient to control the current adult nuisance mosquito population, so an adult nuisance mosquito fogging program will be implemented," Ken Nawolsky, superintendent of the city's Insect Control Branch, told media at a news conference Friday night.
Fogging will resume Sunday between 9:30 p.m. and 6:30 a.m. Monday morning, weather permitting.
In July, CBC News reported that Health Canada told the city it had to stop using its stock of 13-year-old malathion because the chemical had been sitting on the shelf for too long. The federal agency added at the time malathion older than a year should only be used in the event of a public health emergency.
Mosquitoes are initially attracted to the carbon dioxide exhaled by humans from as far away as 50 metres. At about 10 metres, they begin looking visually, and within 10 centimetres they hone in on heat and moisture. (Tarek Mahmud/Flickr) In June, the city fogged using malathion it had purchased from the Saskatchewan government, which had first acquired the stock in 2003. Saskatchewan sold off the rest of its supply to Winnipeg, claiming it no longer wanted it.
The label for the product on that batch indicated that it shouldn't be kept in storage for more than one year.
According to the city, tests done on its 2009 stock revealed that it meets international safety standards.
"The city's inventory of malathion was recently tested and the stock purchased in 2009 has met the World Health Organization standards for isomalathion content and adult mosquito control can now proceed," Nawolsky said.
"We got confirmation after numerous discussions with Health Canada today, that as long as we used an accredited laboratory and a qualified consultant, and we met the guidelines of the World Health Organization, that we could proceed to use malathion."
The threshold for isomalathion, the toxic substance that forms as malathion ages or is exposed to heat, is 0.4 per cent, Nawolsky said, adding the city's stock came in beneath that threshold.
In order for the city to justify fogging, three criteria first need to be met.
Mosquito trap counts around the city must first reach a minimum threshold of 25 female mosquitoes for two nights in a row, and one or more quadrants in the city need to be near the 100 female mosquito trap count.
A further measure, known as the Adulticiding Factor Analysis (AFA), also has to reach a "high" rating.
The citywide trap count was 73 Thursday, moving the AFA rating from medium to high and triggering the need to fog, the city said.
Fogging is cancelled when temperatures drop below 13 C or if conditions are too windy.
The city said buffer zones will be respected.
In March of 2014, a research group of the World Health Organization released a report saying malathion is "probably carcinogenic to humans." The same report noted its findings were based on "limited evidence of carcinogenicity in humans for non-Hodgkin lymphoma and prostate cancer."
Built a Power Plant
Power plant catches on fire
300 MW below line
Sewage treatment plants close from no power
everyone standing in their own poo
Brown cloud form over city from air and land pollution, River turns brown
Families get lethal virus from own poo
Roads clog as 80,000 flee from city using three-lane highway
Only 1,500 make it out before I declare martial law
Hearses cant go to take dead bodies from homes and streets
Bodies pile up
Close all hospitals to make funding for new power plant
Not enough money
City drown in own poo and dead bodies
Game Over 10/10
Built a Power Plant catches on fire 300 MW below line Sewage treatment plants close from no power everyone standing in their own poo Brown cloud form over city from air and land pollution, River turns brown Families get lethal virus from own poo Roads clog as 80,000 flee from city using three-lane highway Only 1,500 make it out before I declare martial law Hearses cant go to take dead bodies from homes and streets Bodies pile up Close all hospitals to make funding for new power plant Not enough money City drown in own poo and dead bodies Game Over 10/10 Check this box if you received this product for free (?) Do you recommend this game? Yes No Cancel Save Changes
Here's the beach where the theft took place. Life of a Stranger Who Stole My Phone One of the most compelling Tumblr blogs right now is "Life of a Stranger Who Stole My Phone," which charts the adventures of "Hafid," a resident of Dubai, entirely through the photos he's taking on an iPhone he allegedly stole from a beach in Ibiza, Spain.
Hafid neglected to turn off the photo upload function in Dropbox, the file-sharing app, which means that every time he takes a photo the original owner of the iPhone gets a copy of it on her computer.
And she's taking the best revenge possible by turning those pics into a chronicle of Hafid's macho, style-challenged life.
Here's how the unnamed author of the blog says the theft went down:
five hours after me and my friends landed in ibiza/spain, the four of us found ourselves hopelessly drunk and naked in the sea. we put our stuff on a deck chair 10m away.
... we tumbled out of the water quite irritated. everything was gone. money, purses, smartphones, passports, janas' birthday presents and evangelos' clothes (besides his underpants). as far as i remember, this must have happened in the time span of 15 minutes. well, that sucked quite hard.
apparently some guys with night-vision glasses hid in the dunes, waiting for drunk tourists to leave their belongings somewhere unobserved. then they crawled through the sand, stole the stuff and walked away like nothing happened.
It would have been just another "petty theft from drunk tourists" story until the thief used the Facebook app on her phone to hit on her — via her own Facebook account:
what really made me wonder about his stupidity, was when i checked my facebook profile and found out that he entered my facebook account, as you can see above, AND sent me a personal message from his own account to hit on me. that's why i know his name is hafid.
Here's the guy she says stole the phone: Life of a Stranger Who Stole My Phone
She knows he lives in Dubai because he posed in front of its skyline (and also because he has tried Skyping her friends).
Life of a Stranger Who Stole My Phone
He likes the finer things in life ...
Life of a Stranger Who Stole My Phone
Although he may not be able to afford them, judging by his apartment (this is one of Hafid's roommates):
Life of a Stranger Who Stole My Phone
The Tumblr has about 12,000 followers and Hafid is still taking pictures with the upload function enabled. It's been going on since July 28, and there's no sign yet that Hafid has any idea how famous he has become.
Follow the rest of the saga here.
Boston Celtics rookie swingman James Young said Tuesday that he has been cleared to return to basketball activities after the pre-draft car accident that forced him to miss summer league.
From the Associated Press:
Former Kentucky guard James Young says he is "good to go" after a concussion that kept the Boston Celtics' first-round draft pick from playing in the NBA's summer league. Young sustained the concussion and whiplash in a car accident before last month's NBA draft. The Celtics chose the 6-foot-6 swingman 17th overall with its second first-round pick -- Boston selected Oklahoma State guard Marcus Smart sixth overall with the first -- but held Young out of practices and the competition for rookies and free agents in Orlando. Young said Tuesday that he was cleared to practice a "few days ago", adding that the scary rear-end collision showed him "how fast things can change. It really opened my eyes about things and I'm very blessed that I'm here and still playing."
The Louisville Courier-Journal posted much of Young's lengthy Q&A with reporters, much of which centered on the Celtics and his transition to the NBA game. Along the way, Young expands on the car accident, talks Celtics-Lakers rivalry, and explains his recent haircut:
On missing the summer league: "It was tough for me, because I had a concussion. I got a chance to meet with some of the guys and stuff like that. Great team, great facility, and the coaching is really great. So I had a chance to just walk around and talk to some of the guys about their past experiences and stuff like that. They're a bunch of great guys." On whether he's good to go health-wise now: "Yeah, I just got cleared a few days ago, so I'm good now." On what happened in his accident: "It was just the car in front of me stopped so fast and I just didn't react fast enough and just rear-ended them. It was in L.A." On Celtics and Lakers hating each other and now he and former UK teammate Julius Randle playing for those rivals: "We're like brothers, so it's going to be a lot of competition between us. Really just going to have fun with it. It's like Kentucky and Louisville. We're not on the same team now, so we just gotta go out there and play." On his hair cut: "Yeah, it was just time for a change, I guess. Going from being in college to the NBA, I just wanted to make a change. A new look for myself. That was just it." On if the Celtics made him cut his hair: "Nah, definitely not. It was just me. I actually plan on doing it again. It's fresh."
[Read full Q&A from Courier-Journal]
And here's video of the Q&A from Kentucky Wildcats TV:
WELL!
it's been a long, long, weird journey. maybe i should have done more. this blog has seen me all the way from high school graduation, the beginning and end of a 7 year relationship, becoming trans, dropping out of college, running away from abuse, dealing with mental illness, bouncing from place to place… it's always been here, and i always came back to it, though maybe not as much as i should.
i've always wanted to do something worthwhile, but disability makes that tough. i wanted something to be proud of. maybe a total no effort shitposty blog isn't quite a magnum opus, but i'm proud of it. i'm happy so many true sluts kept me company in the final hours. i can't believe i'm getting teary eyed over this hell blog
i really do appreciate you all. i would be happy if you'd follow me along to twitter @rinshankouhai, enjoy the zine i'm working on, and hang out with me some more. if enough people reach out to me wanting it, i might revive vocaloidcomments in a new place, in a new form, with more of a combination of shitposting and comments. i dunno.
EDIT: oh my god you literally can just remove the grey box and mark your own blog as non-explicit. wow. well now it's in better shape for archival go wild
either way, here, now, i'm saying goodbye to this blog. goodnight, vocaloidcomments. thanks for all the fun.
feel free to take your shirt off
-cecille
The Washington Nationals' bullpen saga took an unexpected turn Saturday when closer Koda Glover, after blowing a save in the ninth inning, admitted that he suffered a back injury while showering before the game.
Glover told reporters that he experienced back discomfort throughout the game but still attempted to close out the ninth inning because he had not pitched in the past three days. He did not tell manager Dusty Baker or the training staff about the injury until after the game.
"I was taking a shower, bent over to get my body wash, stood up and had a little kink," Glover told reporters, according to The Washington Post. "With some issues I've had lately, I kind of pushed myself.
"I didn't want to take a day off. I've had three days off already, so I pushed the limits today, tried to pitch through it. And it's one of them things where it was out of my control and I should have said something early. I didn't and now my back's in pretty bad shape."
On Sunday, the Nationals put Glover on the 10-day disabled list because of lower back stiffness, and recalled right-hander Joe Blanton, who missed 21 games because of right shoulder inflammation.
Washington had a 3-1 lead in the ninth inning Saturday against the Texas Rangers, but Glover gave up two runs and failed to finish the frame. The Rangers won the game 6-3 in 11 innings.
It was the second blown save this season for Glover and the 10th this season for Washington, which entered Sunday with a bullpen ERA of 4.91 -- the second worst in the National League.
The Nationals, who were in the mix to land Aroldis Chapman and Kenley Jansen in free agency this past offseason, used Blake Treinen and Shawn Kelley at closer this year before trying out Glover in the ninth-inning role.
Glover, 24, leads the Nationals with eight saves but also has a 5.12 ERA in 23 appearances this season. The hard-throwing right-hander spent 14 games on the DL last month because of a hip strain -- an aggravation of the torn labrum in his hip that forced the Nationals to shut him down last season.
"I'm tired of being hurt," Glover said. "Never been hurt before until last year, and ever since then, it just seems like something new keeps popping up every day."
CHURCH HILL - Police said a Sullivan County man was driving with “total disregard for the safety and well-being of other motorists” Saturday afternoon in Church Hill.
Upon being stopped by the Hawkins County Sheriff's Office, Martin David Lindquist, 45, reportedly explained his erratic driving by stating he was "frustrated and irritated."
Around 3:35 p.m. Saturday HCSO Cpl. Jeremy Nash spotted Lindquist, 457 Rocky Branch Road, Blountville, driving a black Toyota pickup east on 11-W near the Mount Carmel town line.
"The vehicle was swerving erratically in and out of traffic lanes, and was causing a hazard to other motorists," Nash said. "I turned on the vehicle to initiate a traffic stop, and observed the vehicle passing other motorists on the left hand shoulder of the roadway, and then again on the right hand shoulder of the roadway."
After Nash had stopped the vehicle, Lindquist reportedly explained his driving by stating he was "frustrated and irritated."
Nash added, "I felt like Martin acted with total disregard for the safety and well-being of other motorists in the roadway."
Nash also reportedly observed Lindquist's speech to be slurred, and Lindquist subsequently performed poorly on field sobriety tests.
A search resulted in six yellow pills believed to be clonazepam being seized.
Lindquist was charged with DUI, reckless driving, simple possession of Schedule IV narcotics and driving left of center.
He was arraigned Monday in Hawkins County Sessions Court and released from jail on $10,000 bond.
As Trump postures as friend of miners, retirees and widows face April 30 health care cutoff
By Samuel Davidson
29 March 2017
In a ceremony at the Environmental Protection Agency Tuesday, President Donald Trump signed an executive order reopening federal lands to coal mining giants like Peabody Energy, and rolling back the modest Obama-era proposals to limit coal-fired power plants.
In his remarks the billionaire president postured as a champion of coal miners, falsely claiming that the destruction of environmental protections and elimination of what he called “job-killing regulations” such as occupational safety and health laws would protect their jobs and livelihoods.
The administration's real attitude to miners and their families is demonstrated by its indifference to the imminent loss of pensions and health care benefits for tens of thousands of retirees who labored their entire lives producing profits for the coal bosses.
An estimated 22,600 retirees and surviving spouses face a cutoff of retiree health benefits on April 30. The majority worked at Patriot Coal mines in West Virginia, Indiana, Illinois, Kentucky and Ohio. The company was formed when Peabody Coal, the world's largest private coal company, spun off its unionized operations in 2007 to escape further payments into the United Mine Workers of America (UMWA) Health and Retirement funds.
After Patriot Coal filed for bankruptcy in 2012, the UMWA negotiated a Voluntary Employees Beneficiary Association (VEBA) scheme with the company, which paid the union to take over the provision of retiree health benefits. The new VEBA fund provided union executives with lucrative posts managing the funds, but only a fraction of the amount needed to secure the benefits for the retired miners. The promised contributions to the VEBA were never full paid, as Patriot filed for bankruptcy again in 2015 and Peabody filed for bankruptcy in 2016.
Other UMWA Health and Pension plans are in no better shape and are predicted to run out of funds by the end of the year. The collapse in global demand and coal prices, and the resulting layoffs throughout the industry, have drastically reduced the amount of money going into the funds. Many other companies, with the full cooperation of the UMWA, followed the Peabody-Patriot pattern to shed pension and health care obligations.
A total of 120,000 active and retired miners and their dependents are threatened with the loss of pensions and health benefits because of the near bankruptcy of various UMWA-administered pension and benefit funds.
On March 1, the UMWA funds sent a letter to 22,600 retirees and widows informing them their retiree benefits would be cut off in 60 days. This was the third such letter in the last five months. In December, after a political stunt by Democratic senators from coal states, Congress agreed to an extension of benefits until April 30.
The UMWA is boosting illusions in various Democratic politicians who have long been in the pockets of the coal companies. The union's web site prominently displays a March 8 letter from US Senators Joe Manchin, Democrat from West Virginia, and Bob Casey, Democrat from Pennsylvania, along with several other US Senators from coal producing states. The letter asks the Senate Finance Committee chairman—the notoriously right-wing Orrin Hatch—to include the Coal Miners Protection Act in the “waiver needed for the nomination of Mr. Robert Lighthizer to be the United States Trade Representative.”
Trump's pick for trade representative needs the waiver because as an attorney 25 years ago, he represented a business organization tied to the Chinese government, in a trade dispute case against a US-based fan manufacturer. The Democrats and the unions are threatening to make an issue of this based on economic nationalism. Lighthizer has since represented US Steel in trade cases against China and will be taking his place alongside Trump's virulently anti-Chinese Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross who had the enthusiastic support of the unions.
The UMWA has been pushing for the passage of the Miners Protection Act because it proposes to shore up the UMWA Pension and Health funds with an infusion of cash from the interest being earned on money in the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund.
Whether such a deal is reached or not, massive attacks on retirement benefits on coal miners and millions of truckers and other workers are being prepared, with the full backing of both big business parties. As for the union executives, their only interest is shoring up their positions as managers of multi-billion-dollar investment funds.
In the meantime, miners are being kept in the dark about their fate. “We haven't been told anything,” Dave, a retired miner from the Maple Creek mine in Monongahela, Pennsylvania, south of Pittsburgh, told the World Socialist Web Site .
Another Pennsylvania miner agreed, saying, “I haven't heard anything. Our mine is non-union, but there are many miners that used to be in the union and they don't know what is going to happen to them.”
The UMWA “wanted us to go to Washington” in February to lobby Congress, Dave explained, “but I'm 73 and couldn't go.”
Dave worked 23 years underground until he was laid off and he later retired. “I loved being underground. Most people would never work in the mine, but believe it or not, I loved it. I was first laid off in 1992, and I didn't work steady since. I finally turned in my papers and took my pension, which isn't very much.
“We had to fight to get our pension and health care. I've been on long strikes when we didn't know how we were going to eat. Now the union is on the side of the companies, they have given all these concessions, and for what?”
Deadly black lung is also on the rise, with approximately 1,000 miners each year dying of the disease. Companies routinely work to deny miners benefits through a process in which a company doctor claims the miner is not 100 percent disabled or that the disease was not caused by working in the mine.
David Neel, a miner with 39 years, has been denied benefits twice. He told the WSWS, “A lot of other miners have it worse than me. I've made two applications and am I working on a third attempt for my black lung approval. The first try I took care of the health issue. Then I met with the union rep and he sent me to a local hospital for the union info. Then I was sent to a management doctor and was advised it would never go through on the first attempt.
“I was advised to wait a year and start again. The union attorney said I should go to Chicago to a physician they have out there. How the hell am I supposed to do that? I have been off on SSD (Social Security Disability) with virtually nothing coming in. I've got 39 years in coal mining but like everything else, the government and big business are cuddled up in bed together.”
The World Socialist Web Site invites coal miners, retirees, health care experts, those suffering from black lung and their spouses to contact our site.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Micha McKerr. Picture: Facebook
Johannesburg - The “charming” Joburg mother of a star cricket player swindled a 78-year-old man out of his life savings and robbed him of his dignity in his final years, says his anguished daughter. “Tricksters” such as Micha McKerr reportedly come across as “sweet, helpful and completely confident” but “will take advantage of anyone they can”.
This was the warning from Dianne Bayley, a former editor of Marketing Web, who wrote an online account on BizNews this week in an attempt to protect the elderly from predators like McKerr, detailing how she stole R200 000 from Bailey's father, who was living in a retirement village in Olivedale, over two months.
In June, McKerr, whose son Conor was earlier this year signed by English cricket club, Surrey, was sentenced to three years of house arrest for stealing from Bayley's father. The 43-year-old was already serving a five-year suspended sentence for a R200 000 theft from an elderly Randburg couple. Her son attended the upmarket St John's College.
“She makes friends with the elderly people in the village her mother is residing at and gains their trust,” explained Bayley. “She borrows a little money and then gives it back if the elderly person remembers to ask for it. If they don't... she knows how vulnerable they are,” she told the Saturday Star.
Her father was the “perfect target” and suffered from slight dementia. “My father's wallet went missing and was then returned by a mysterious “Brenda Horowitz”, who called to say she found it in a parking lot. She refused my offer to collect it, and left it with the guards at my dad's village some days later.”
All the bank cards were there. “Then the big spend started. Ironically, the same bank that has called me to verify my own purchases didn't notice that almost R200 000 was removed from my dad's account... starting with R1 000 here and R1 500 there and then up to R18 000 in one night at a casino, and R10 000 in a single casino transaction.”
When she reported the case to the Douglasdale police, they reportedly found McKerr hidden in the cupboard of her mother's rented home in the retirement village. She was arrested immediately.
Colonel Maisha Bopape, the Douglasdale police spokesman, said the police were investigating three cases of fraud - two from Durban North and one from Douglasdale - against McKerr, who reportedly used the alias Paula Labuschagne.
McKerr, who described herself online as a “cubicle fugitive, experience engineer, Mensa Mind and philanthropist”, could not be reached on Friday, but on her Facebook profile in June suggested there was a malicious campaign against her.
Biznews founder Alec Hogg described McKerr as a “callous conwoman” who “changes personae to stay one step ahead of the law”.
Bayley is disappointed that McKerr had not been jailed “though she was found guilty of more than 90 counts of theft and fraud.
She was handed a sentence of house arrest, in a leafy northern suburb neighbourhood, while my father is now both broke and broken. The sprightly old gent with a daily routine now calls me several times a day to ask where his bank card is. McKerr stripped him of the dignity of drawing his own money.”
While the prosecutor had strongly suggested a jail sentence, McKerr pleaded “mental illness” and stated she was a single mom.
“But her son is almost 19 and doesn't live in this country.”
As McKerr's mother lived in the retirement complex, she was easily trusted. “That's how she made friends. Her mother... introduced her to people.”
Another elderly Randburg resident, who did not want to be named, told how McKerr had stolen about R200 000-worth of items from his home in 2013. “My wife and I were going overseas for six weeks. We asked a friend of ours to house-sit for us. While we were gone, (McKerr) befriended her and stole a key, so she had access to our unit. While our friend was working, McKerr stole our stuff.
“We were able to prove (our belongings) had been pawned at a dozen Cash Converters in our area. She is a professional con artist and has a list of cases against her as long as my arm,” he claimed.
One woman claimed she had lost her job, and then her home, when McKerr swindled her in order to stay at a luxury hotel, while another told Bayley how McKerr stayed for six days in her guest house, paid fraudulently and departed with the gate remote control. A case has been opened with the police.
McKerr's corrections officer, who could not be named, said she would be monitored while under house arrest.
A recent tweet of McKerr's read: “If only success was as simple as choosing between 2 options: right/wrong; black/white. In truth, success is the conquering of the grey.”
Saturday Star
Opposition to the war in Afghanistan has grown in the House, but not nearly enough to call for an end to it.
The House easily defeated a measure Thursday that would have directed President Obama to remove U.S. forces by the end of the year, as 93 lawmakers, including eight Republicans, voted for it.
ADVERTISEMENT
The vote on the withdrawal resolution was 93-321, offering an early look at support in the 112th Congress for a war that has dragged on for nearly a decade. Eight Republicans joined 85 Democrats in backing the measure, which was offered by Rep. Dennis Kucinich (D-Ohio).
The war in Afghanistan has been, since June 2010, the longest in U.S. history, having run over 113 months. The Vietnam War lasted 103 months.
On a nearly identical bill a year ago, just 65 lawmakers backed an immediate withdrawal, including five Republicans. GOP Reps. Jason Chaffetz Jason ChaffetzTop Utah paper knocks Chaffetz as he mulls run for governor: ‘His political career should be over' Boehner working on memoir: report Former GOP lawmaker on death of 7-year-old migrant girl: Message should be ‘don't make this journey, it will kill you' MORE (Utah), Dana Rohrabacher (Calif.) and Howard Coble (N.C.) voted in favor of this year's measure after opposing it in March 2010.
“The president needs to define success in Afghanistan. I think he has failed to do so,” Chaffetz told The Hill after the vote.
He said President Obama had not justified the need to keep more than 100,000 U.S. troops in the war zone. In an earlier floor speech, Chaffetz, who is considering a Senate bid in 2012 against Orrin Hatch Orrin Grant HatchThe FDA crackdown on dietary supplements is inadequate Orrin Hatch Foundation seeking a million in taxpayer money to fund new center in his honor Mitch McConnell has shown the nation his version of power grab MORE (R), criticized the administration for not going “all in” if it thought victory was essential.
“A politically correct war is a lost war,” Chaffetz said. “At the present time, we are playing politics.”
While Chaffetz argued for the resolution, anti-war activists shouted from the House gallery, “End the occupation!” They were escorted out of the chamber.
The House vote comes four months before a July benchmark when Obama has pledged to begin a gradual withdrawal of troops. Gen. David Petraeus, testifying before Congress on Wednesday, decried the Kucinich-backed measure, saying it would trigger “incalculable consequence[s]” in Afghanistan and across the Middle East.
“The Taliban and al Qaeda obviously would trumpet this as a victory, as a success” if the House approves it, Petraeus, the commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan, said during a House Armed Services Committee hearing. “Needless to say it would completely undermine everything our troops have fought so much for and sacrificed so much for.”
The general said the measure would essentially “close the door on the very, very hard-fought effort and end a mission that I think is seeking to achieve a very, very important security objective of our country as well as of our allies.”
The Kucinich measure came to the House floor under an expedited procedure allowed by the War Powers Resolution of 1973.
During debate on the legislation, a handful of Republicans joined liberal Democrats in arguing for its passage. The floor speeches centered on both the moral and strategic aspects of the conflict, as well as on its cost at a time of soaring deficits and debt.
“You want to cut out waste, let's get out of Afghanistan,” Kucinich said. He called the conflict “an open-ended war” and said the U.S. could remain in the country through 2020. “There is no end in sight,” he said.
Several Republicans spoke out forcefully in favor of the American war effort, putting them in the unusual position of defending Obama against critics in his own party.
“We need to stand with our commander in chief,” Rep. Chris Gibson (R-N.Y.) said.
Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-Calif.), a veteran of both the Afghanistan and Iraq wars, said Congress had to trust the military leaders and the president. “What we're doing right now is taking out the enemy,” he said. “And we have to trust Gen. Petraeus, we have to trust President Obama in this case, that they know what's going on.”
The top Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, Rep. Howard Berman (Calif.), opposed the resolution, saying lawmakers should give the military more time to achieve the goals set by the president.
“I will not support a call for a full withdrawal until we give the president's strategy additional time, at least through the spring, to show results,” Berman said. He said the Kucinich measure was “inevitable.”
The five Republicans who backed the withdrawal measure in 2010 also supported it on Thursday. They were: Reps. Walter Jones (N.C.), Ron Paul (Texas), John Campbell (Calif.), John Duncan Jr. (Tenn.) and Timothy Johnson (Ill.). Rep. Justin Amash Justin AmashHouse to push back at Trump on border Ex-GOP lawmakers urge Republicans to block Trump's emergency declaration This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (R-Mich.) voted present.
Among Democratic leaders, only Rep. John Larson (Conn.), the conference chairman, voted for withdrawal. Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), a critic of the war, waited until the very end of the vote to register her opposition to the measure.
“I strongly believe that today's vote in the House should not be taken as an indication of support in Congress for an open-ended commitment of U.S. forces,” Pelosi said in a statement after the vote. “Americans have grown weary of war, and many of us in Congress have expressed our opposition to an extended military presence in Afghanistan.”
John Bennett contributed to this report.
Ridley Scott's space epic also dominated overseas with $45.2 million; Robert Zemeckis' 'The Walk' is soft in limited Imax debut, while 'Sicario' races up the chart to No. 3.
Ridley Scott's 3D space epic The Martian rocketed to a $55 million opening in North America, coming in ahead of expectations and almost beating Gravity to nab the top October opening of all time, according to Sunday estimates.
The Martian, from 20th Century Fox, continues Hollywood's love affair with space, and comes exactly two years after Alfonso Cuaron's Gravity opened to a record $55.8 million. Last November, Christopher Nolan's Interstellar debuted just north of $47 million. If The Martian does better than expected Sunday, it could beat Gravity and become the new October record-holder.
Overseas, The Martian also placed No. 1, blasting off with $45.2 million from 49 markets, or 40 percent of the marketplace, for a global debut of $100.2 million. It soared to $10.3 million in the U.K., the top showing ever for Scott and star Matt Damon, and is pacing well ahead of Gravity and Interstellar in numerous markets.
The other big headline internationally was Lost in Hong Kong, which grossed $41 million in China to clear the $200 mark at the Chinese box office in just 10 days.
Drew Goddard wrote the adapted script for The Martian based on Andy Weir's best-selling book about a NASA astronaut left for dead on Mars. The movie, costing $108 million to produce, is a critical darling and earned a glowing A CinemaScore from audiences. Damon stars opposite Jessica Chastain, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Kristen Wiig, Jeff Daniels, Michael Pena, Kate Mara, Sean Bean, Sebastian Stan and Aksel Hennie.
The filmmakers worked closely with NASA throughout the making of The Martian. And last week, just as the movie prepared to open, the space agency — which hopes to have a man on Mars in the 2030s — held an an urgent press conference to announce it has confirmed the discovery of liquid salt water on the red planet (NASA says the timing was a coincidence).
"Science is at the heart of The Martian and is presented in a very accessible way," said Fox distribution chief Chris Aronson. "This movie has the potential to get people excited about our space program again."
Males made up 56 percent of ticket buyers, while 72 percent of the audience was over the age of 25. Roughly 45 percent saw it in 3D. The Martian's performance is no small feat considering its running time of 141 minutes (Gravity was 91 minutes), and the fact that it didn't have a berth in Imax theaters. Gravity and Interstellar both saw big returns from Imax.
Instead, Imax was committed to an exclusive run of Robert Zemeckis' The Walk, starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt as French artist Philippe Petit, who gained fame after he walked on a high wire between the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in 1974.
The Walk, playing in 365 Imax theaters and 83 PLF locations not carrying The Martian, had trouble finding its footing, grossing a meek $1.6 million to come in No. 11 and putting its five-day debut at $2 million. Heading into the weekend, tracking suggested the $35 million film would take in $3 million for the three-day weekend.
Sony/TriStar used the exclusive Imax run to highlight the film's 3D format and to build word-of-mouth in advance of The Walk's nationwide opening on Oct. 9. Two weeks ago, Universal's Everest earned $7.2 million when debuting exclusively in Imax and PLF theaters.
"We believe so much in this film," Sony distribution president Rory Bruer said. "We will be heavily marketing the film this week to promote its wide release. That's what it has always been about. It's all about the long haul for us."
The 375 PLF theater operators carrying The Martian instead of The Walk were no doubt happy with their decision. PLF theaters were running at capacity, with The Martian generating a total of $6 million, or 11 percent of the total opening gross.
Elsewhere, Denis Villeneuve's critically acclaimed Sicario expanded nationwide with gusto, grossing $12.1 million from 2,620 theaters to place No. 3 behind The Martian and holdover Hotel Transylvania 2. From Lionsgate, the drug cartel drama nabbed an A- CinemaScore and stars Benicio Del Toro, Emily Blunt and Josh Brolin.
Sicario took in another $3.3 million internationally for a foreign cume of $10 million and global haul of $25.1 million (its domestic total is $15.1 million).
Sony's Hotel Transylvania sequel remains a winner in its second outing. The animated film took in $33 million for a 10-day domestic total of $90.5 million after falling a scant 32 percent. Overseas, it grossed another $20.4 million from 50 markets for a foreign cume of $59.8 million and global total of $150.3 million. It's especially huge in Latin America, where it came in ahead of The Martian in Mexico, among other countries in the region.
Nancy Meyers' The Intern also held nicely in its second weekend as well, grossing $11.6 million for a North American tally of $36.5 million for Warner Bros. The Anne Hathaway-Robert De Niro comedy took in $15.7 million from 57 markets overseas for a foreign cume of $35.6 million and global total of $72.1 million.
Fox sequel Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials rounded out the top five, grossing $7.7 million in its third outing for a domestic cume of $63.2 million. Globally, the movie jumped the $200 million mark after grossing another $13.7 million internationally from 58 markets for a foreign cume of $147.8 million and worldwide tally of $211 million through Sunday.
Johnny Depp's Black Mass placed No. 6 in is third weekend with $5.9 million for a domestic total of $52.5 million.
Everest followed with $5.5 million in its second weekend in wide release for a North American cume of $33.2 million. It's a far bigger player overseas, where it grossed $16.4 million from 65 markets to jump the $100 million mark internationally. Through Sunday, the film's worldwide total is $136.5 million.
New openings at the U.S. specialty box office included Davis Guggenheim's acclaimed documentary He Named Me Malala, the story of Malala Yousafzai, who became the youngest Nobel Peace Prize winner in history after she was shot by the Taliban for insisting upon an education. The film opened to $56,000 from four theaters in New York and Los Angeles for a solid location average of $14,000. Next weekend, Fox Searchlight expands Malala into more than 400 theaters.
LGBT drama Freeheld, starring Julianne Moore and Ellen Page, also began its platform run, albeit to tepid results. The Lionsgate title grossed $40,000 from five theaters for a location average of $8,000.
The Metropolitan Opera's The Met: Live in HD kicked off its 10th season with Saturday's live transmission of Verdi's Il Trovatore, which earned a strong $2 million from 900 screens.
Oct. 4, 12:15 p.m. Updated with foreign numbers.
Calls to address the astronomical spike in Vancouver-area housing prices have never been louder, and now a former chief of staff in the B.C. premier's office is adding his voice to the debate.
Martyn Brown, former B.C. premier Gordon Campbell's top aide, wants to put the question of how to control foreign ownership to a referendum.
"We should be able to have a debate about whether it makes sense to restrict foreign ownership in the same way that many countries around the world have — including, by the way, China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Australia, Thailand, Denmark, Brunei and England," Brown told the CBC's The Early Edition.
How do other countries do it?
Brown says the first step would be to appoint an expert advisory panel to study how other countries restrict foreign ownership.
"In Australia they have speculator taxes. That's one way of restricting ownership to people who pay income taxes in Canada," he said. "They also say that only new properties can be purchased by foreign nationals."
"Denmark restricts the total number of properties that are available in any one region — they assign quotas. That's another model."
Brown says the panel should then rank those options in order of priority and put them to a vote.
'Foreign nationals have a huge advantage'
Brown feels the restrictions are long overdue because of persisting global conditions that effectively penalize local buyers and favour those from overseas.
"All foreign nationals have a huge advantage right now through the premium they enjoy on our Canadian dollar," he said. "Marketing efforts are targeted to them in their home countries, in some cases even before they're made available to Canadians and British Columbians," he said.
"I don't think we should allow that. It's frankly a failing of the free market."
'Unwanted demand'
"It's unwanted demand largely from foreign nationals who are using all sorts of different means to get their money — in many cases — illegally out of China and other countries," he said.
"[They] are buying properties in British Columbia, and in Vancouver particularly, that aren't being occupied, that are under-occupied, which means it's harder for us to keep pace with the supply demand."
Brown says anyone suggesting there's a racial element to his ideas is mistaken.
"We should be able to have this debate in Canada as a tolerant Canadian society without being labelled intolerant or racist," he said.
"We need to suppress that portion of incremental demand on our precious housing stocks, on our precious private lands or properties."
Kidsafe says "check home" after TV crushes toddler
Updated
Parents are being reminded to check for potential dangers around the home, after a two-year-old girl was crushed to death by a television yesterday afternoon.
It is understood the girl was trying to climb the cabinet.
It is the second time a child has died in WA from a toppling television in the past four months.
A five-year-old boy was killed in October when a television fell from a chest of drawers, hitting him on the head.
Kidsafe's Scott Phillips says parents should ensure their televisions are secured to the wall, and check for any other hazards around the house.
"It's really another tragic reminder to all of us, how many dangers exist in our homes, particularly for little ones," he said.
"We're seeing 15,000 to 16,000 children a year at Princess Margaret hospital for injuries that were unexpected and 40 per cent of those were in their own home.
"If you look now, most of the manufacturers of cabinets and of TVs are doing things to stop them tipping, but they all mostly come with TV straps always to secure them to the wall.
"And the cabinet they sit on - it's important that that's secured to the wall also."
Mr Phillips also warned parents not to become complacent.
"We're getting busier and busier and we've got a busy environment with more happening.
"More working parents, we've got more things around us and it's just taking that time to just check.
"I think we'll all check our house tonight, just to see what could topple and think of yourself as a half a metre tall person walking around looking up."
Topics: accidents---other, atwell-6164, perth-6000, wa
First posted
This article is about the 1998 video game. For the adventure gamebook of the same name, see Deathtrap Dungeon
Ian Livingstone's Deathtrap Dungeon is an action-adventure game released in 1998 for the PlayStation and Microsoft Windows. It is based on the adventure gamebook of the same name (the sixth in the Fighting Fantasy series) written by Ian Livingstone, and published by Puffin Books in 1984.
Gameplay [ edit ]
The game is a third-person adventure, with the player taking the role of an adventurer (either the Amazon "Red Lotus" or the Barbarian "Chaindog"), who at the invitation of a wizard explores a series of dungeons and must overcome both monsters and traps to find riches.
Development [ edit ]
Ian Livingstone was heavily involved in determining the game's level design and art style.[1] The aesthetics and atmosphere are manifestly inspired by Italian artist Giovanni Battista Piranesi, whose ruins drawings fascinated Ian Livingstone.[citation needed]
Though the game's 3D engine is very similar to that of Tomb Raider, another Eidos-published game with a development cycle which overlapped that of Deathtrap Dungeon, the two games were developed in isolation.[1]
Reception [ edit ]
The game was a bestseller in the UK.[2] IGN praised the variety of monsters and sound effects, but criticized "the glitchy, mediocre graphics, the unintuitive camera angles, the sluggish control, and the appallingly weak and abrupt ending".[3] GameSpot stated "Deathtrap Dungeon turns out to be at the low end of games for the Sony PlayStation".[4]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
"Deathtrap Dungeon". EGM2. June 1998.
The college football playoff picture would have become much blurrier had Auburn held on to defeat No. 1 Alabama on Saturday. Instead, the Crimson Tide prevailed 55-44. There were some losses to teams ranking behind Alabama — No. 4 Mississippi State, No. 8 UCLA and No. 9 Georgia were all beaten — but they tended to clarify how the teams will line up heading into conference championship weekend. Here's how FiveThirtyEight's college football forecast model expects the playoff committee's rankings might look when they come out on Tuesday evening:
The top four seem reasonably clear. Alabama, Oregon and Florida State are likely to remain No. 1 through No. 3 in that order. TCU, No. 5 entering the week, will probably be promoted to No. 4 after demolishing Texas 48-10.
Ohio State, No. 6 last week, might give the committee more to think about. Buckeye quarterback J.T. Barrett was injured (and knocked out for the season) late in a win against Michigan. The committee has said it will consider “key injuries that … likely will affect [a team's] postseason performance.” (The FiveThirtyEight model does not make any assumptions about injuries and so it might overrate Ohio State's chances of making the playoff.)
But the team ranking just behind Ohio State, Baylor, turned in one of the less impressive performances of the week, prevailing over Texas Tech by just 2 points, 48-46. Texas Tech, 4-8 on the season, could have tied the game and probably sent it into overtime with a successful two-point conversion.
Michigan State and Arizona, No. 10 and No. 11 entering the weekend, are almost certain to move up in the rankings given the losses ahead of them. But only Arizona has realistic playoff hopes; the Wildcats will face Oregon for the Pac-12 championship after having beaten Arizona State. How far they move up on Tuesday should tell us something about how seriously the committee takes them.
Here's how the FiveThirtyEight model projects the committee's final rankings on Dec. 7, which will determine the four teams that make the playoff:
Even with just one one week to play, the scenarios are reasonably complex. So let's briefly discuss the playoff from the perspective of the seven teams that are most likely to make it:
Alabama (94 percent chance of making playoff). Are the Crimson Tide guaranteed to be in? Not quite. But in addition to catching a few breaks against Auburn, Alabama also benefitted from Missouri winning and advancing to face them in next week's SEC Championship game. At least according to the computer rankings, Missouri is a weaker opponent than Georgia would have been. And Missouri (No. 17 heading into the weekend) is probably coming from too far behind to leap Alabama in committee standings even with a win in Atlanta. In fact, the model gives Alabama a 67 percent chance of making the playoff even with an SEC Championship loss.
Oregon (82 percent chance). Oregon controls its destiny but has less ability to survive a loss in their championship game; the model gives them a 30 percent chance of making the playoff if they lose. That's, in part, because Oregon's opponent, Arizona, could plausibly enter the playoff if it wins the Pac-12 championship.
TCU (80 percent chance). Although TCU will likely remain behind Florida State in Tuesday's rankings, the model has them as a safer bet to make the playoff. That's mainly because TCU's upcoming matchup is easier. TCU will play a previously-scheduled game against a middling Iowa State team next week (the Big 12 does not host a championship game). Florida State will face a more difficult opponent, Georgia Tech, in the ACC Championship.
TCU's case may be more complicated than the model implies, however, because it lost earlier in the season to Big 12 rival Baylor. But last week's performance may give the committee a good excuse to ignore the head-to-head result and instead look to factors like results against common opponents like Texas Tech. While Baylor only narrowly escaped Texas Tech, TCU had beaten them 82-27 on Oct. 25.
Florida State (70 percent chance). The undefeated Seminoles helped their cause with a win against Florida. But they're only 65 percent favorites to beat Georgia Tech in the ACC Championship. If the Seminoles lose, they'll have only a 15 percent chance of making the playoff, according to the model.
It didn't help Florida State that the No. 5 through 7 teams (TCU, Ohio State and Baylor) all won last weekend. The committee isn't especially fond of the Seminoles, and a loss in the ACC Championship could allow TCU, Ohio State or Baylor to leap frog them.
Ohio State (39 percent chance). The model gives Ohio State a 66 percent chance of making the playoff should it beat Wisconsin in the Big Ten championship (and almost no shot if it loses that game). That doesn't account for the injury to Barrett — although if backup Cardale Jones is good enough to beat the Badgers, that arguably ought to resolve the committee's questions. Still, this wasn't a great weekend for Ohio State. In addition to Barrett's injury, they would have benefited from more chaos ahead of them in the standings. The Buckeyes could beat Wisconsin and still be left out.
Baylor (23 percent chance). The Big 12 doesn't play a championship game, but the Bears, will have the chance to impress the committee as they'll face a challenging opponent in Kansas State next weekend. Still, it may be wishful thinking to expect Baylor to suddenly leap ahead of TCU or other teams in the rankings. The committee, to the extent it evaluates head-to-head performance, seems to have decided that Baylor's win against TCU isn't enough to outweigh what it sees as TCU's better resume.
Arizona (7 percent chance). This sounds like a real long shot, but it's partly because the model gives Arizona just a 26 percent chance of beating Oregon. Should they win that game, the Wildcats will have a 27 percent chance of making the playoff, according to the model. The Wildcats might need one or two of the teams ranked ahead of them to lose (in addition to Oregon) to feel great about their chances.
Overall, Alabama and TCU were helped the most by the past weekend's action. Alabama's chance of winning the national championship — not just making the playoff — is up from 26 percent last week to 32 percent. TCU's chances improved from 9 percent to 15 percent.
In George Orwell's dystopian (that's smart-talk for “scary fucking fictional future”) novel Nineteen Eighty-Four he implemented the concept of a language called newspeak. Newspeak was a boiled-down version of the English language. It was used by the totalitarian regime as a tool to limit free-thought; concepts outside of the established verbal construct were considered “thought-crime”. Concepts like freedom, rebellion, individuality, and peace could not be verbally explained within the confines of newspeak:
“If thought corrupts language, language can also corrupt thought.” ― George Orwell, 1984
However, they didn't just ban words, they changed them too. For example, the word “free” still existed in newspeak but could only be used in terms of something not being possessed, as in, “the dog is free from lice” or, “this field is free from weeds.” It could not be used in terms of being able to do as one pleases, as in “free choice” or “free will” since these concepts no longer existed.
“We do not merely destroy our enemies; we change them.” ― George Orwell, 1984
As you have likely realized by now, I'm about to make more outrageous comparisons between Feminism and Socialism. However this time I'm just going to use Nineteen Eighty-Four as a precursory comparison. I won't force conclusions on you at every turn, I'll let you do that for yourself with each example. So let's hit it.
5. Sexism is always misogyny
Despite what everyone seems to think, sexism is not inherently bad. Sexism is, by definition:
Prejudice or discrimination on the basis of gender.
So prejudice is bad, but discrimination? Well it has two meanings:
(1) The unjust or prejudicial treatment of different categories of people or things
(2) Recognition and understanding of the difference between one thing and another.
If we combine the meaning of sexist and the second meaning of discrimination we have: Recognizing the difference between the sexes. What we can conclude is that discrimination, and therefore sexism, is amoral. For example: I would hook up with a girl but not a guy, not because I'm homophobic, not because I'm misandrist, but because I'm being sexist. I'm discriminating between potential hook-ups on the basis of gender. Or if a dairy owner hires a cute brunette over a guy to work as a checkout clerk because he thinks it'll be better for business (damn straight): then he's being sexist.
But regardless of this, feminists have changed the language, sexism is now misogyny. Hence the golden rule of feminism: Anything that can be construed as sexism, will be construed as misogyny. Which brings us to my next point…
4. Misogyny is as prevalent as sexism
There is misogyny in advertising when they objectify women. Romantic movies are misogynist where women are depicted as damsels in distress. Skin products claiming to make you feel young are misogynistic. Pro-Lifers Anti-abortionists are just misogynists disguised as conservatives! Slut-shaming too! And anything patriarchal! It's all misogyny! ALL MISOGYNY EVERYWHERE!!!
No. I'm calling bullshit. Misogyny is hatred of women. Hatred. They make out as though misogyny is as prevalent as sexism. Unlike sexism, misogyny is inherently bad. Something like say, objectification is not hatred; to be honest, its closer to… appreciation. Seriously, how selfless of us men that we are so willing to devote so much time and energy into celebrating women's… womanliness. How awesome of us, right?
3. Submission is slavery
This term now has two meanings, neither of which are the original. The first is patriarchal oppression. Thanks to feminism, respecting and appreciating the other person in your relationship is… oppressive. They've effectively made submissive synonymous with “doormat”. Apparently if you're submissive you have a “dull personality”, can't make decisions for yourself, and a guy would “get bored of you” after a little while. I love that last one, because, we all know how much guy's just love drama. We live for that shit, which reminds me, Downton Abbey is on tonight.
These are shame tactics the lovely RedPillWomen have to put up with on a fairly regular basis, usually as a loaded question like, “How do balance your Red Pill philosophies with your sense of self-worth?” Hey here's a genuine question, what happens when two people in a relationship put the other person's happiness first? You have a good fucking relationship. – But I digress.
I think I should quote the bloggess of the mildly pornographic Inside A Woman's Mind:
But when I meet a man who isn't phased by the firecracker in me, -then- I get soft. When I meet someone who's stronger than me, all the strongwilledness completely melts away. I -love- when someone takes charge. The way to my bed is to be dominant. In -and- out of bed. Male chaucvinists can fuck off, because they'd grow sick of me quickly, but a strong alpha male and I go completely putty in his hands. […] Cause that leaves me with the men who don't agree with me when -I- whine. The men who'll instead pull me close by my hair, slam me against the kitchen countertop, tell me to shut the fuck up and screw me, just to put me in my place. Bliss.
This does not sound like a helpless little girl to me. There are quite a few variants of submission, here are two:
Submission is the acknowledgement of the legitimacy of the power of another.
Submission is to defer to another's judgment, opinion, decision, etc…
Notice that word, acknowledgement; in this context it is effectively synonymous with respect. Acknowledgment doesn't even imply obedience, as Redditor Whisper explained. But let's get it straight: The key difference between oppression and submission is the latter is voluntary (TempestCup had a beautiful quote on the subject). It's funny, apparently the only other way feminists can comprehend this concept is as some sort of cultish Gorean fetish. Honestly, I get the feeling that the RPW would get more respect if they said there was leather and steel involved.
2. Femininity is weakness
In many ways feminism has been women's greatest enemy, by way of teaching women that they are inferior to men. I know, what I just said sounds like seven whole kinds of stupid; but bear with me. It's like George Orwell's satirical Animal Farm. The pigs realized that the farmers had all the power, so they became like them, wearing suits and everything (if you haven't read Animal Farm then I'm certain that sentence looked about stupid as the first one). So I'll let Zooey Deschanel explain it for me:
“Here's the thing about being a girlie girl. I think there was a generation before us that felt like they needed to act like men to be taken seriously, like they had to use their sexuality to take control of people. […] The fact that you associate being girlie with being non-threatening, that is I mean, I can't think of more blatant example of playing into exactly the thing that we're trying to fight against. […] You're not demeaning yourself by acting girlie. I think the fact that people are associating being girlie with weakness, that needs to be examined. Not me dressing girlie. I don't think that undermines my power at all. […] I like being feminine. I think it's good to be feminine. We don't need to look like men or dress like men or talk like men to be powerful. We can be powerful in our own way, our own feminine way.”
There's actually nothing I can add to that.
1. Equality is Socialism
I've left this one for last because it is the most important. The progressives feminists are always championing under the guise of equality. However the feminists have framed the concept of equality in terms of society (socioeconomics); rather than in terms of self-evident human rights from a legal perspective. Ummm, let me simplify: they've made equality a “touchy feely” emotional thing; rather than a rational and logical concept.
Because their “equality” has changed, their idea of inequality has changed as well. Inequality is no longer, “I'm not legally allowed to work in my home-country; and that's an infringement of my human rights.” Now it's, “My work colleague said something that I found really offensive, he was discriminating against me and everything; I feel like a second class citizen.” The former is rational and logical – the latter is all touchy-feely emotional bullshit.
The big problem is, the moment we adopt this latter “equality”, we then have to ask ourselves where we draw the line. Because this pseudo-equality is impossible. The closest we can get to it (and we're this line of thinking inevitably takes us), is a socialist regime. But even in the most perfect society, people will always be different. We may treat each other well, but we'll still be discriminating. And then of course with socialism, you've got the people who decide what is “equal”; and then everyone else, the great unwashed masses of society if you will.
This pseudo-equality is subjective, just like sexism or discrimination. And because it's subjective, it should never be passed into law. Here's an example: it should never be passed into law that if a girl regrets a one-night stand, the guy committed a crime. Obviously we know this would be a bad law, but we have to examine exactly why so that we can consistently apply the logic. It would be a bad law because either consensual sex is a crime or it's not. Her opinion doesn't actually matter: you have to objectively look at the facts and decide if it was a crime.
So any degree of this “enforced equality” immediately opens up the question of “Why?” Logic dictates that we have to be consistent. So if we force people to treat people equally in one way, we then logically conclude that, “This is bad too! We should criminalize it as well!” And of course you have to ask yourself where you draw the line.
That's why there are no exceptions in the US Constitution for Freedom of Speech. It's not, “Freedom of speech for all except you can't criticize the President or use the words cunt, faggot, dyke, nigger, motherfucker, or whore – because those are just not nice.” Freedom of speech has no clauses, no exceptions: It is the most objective and sensible place to “draw the line” so to speak (that is also why I'm pathologically against the ban of “Hate Speech”). The same goes for equality.
There's a good quote, I don't know who said it, I don't know where I heard it, but I'm damn sure I didn't come up with it, and it goes something like this, “Whenever someone with a greater degree of power than yourself, uses the word ‘fair'; prepare yourself, because that means they're about to take something from you and give it to someone else.”
So we've established that we can't force people to treat each other equally (enforced equality) and yet we do have a degree of objective equality. Where? We have equality within the justice system. The reason this system works, is because we're not forcing people treat each other equality; we're forcing the justice system (and thus the Government) to treat its citizens equally.
So I advise you to be cautious when anyone presents their actions as “fighting for equality”. Because we've already got it. The best bit is, this means that I (and hopefully you too, if this post made logic to you) am against gender equality. Boom: I know. Now there truly is no argument a feminist can use on me, because my version of equality and their version of equality are very different.
So when the college professor asks, “What is feminism?” And you stick up your hand an say, “Man-hating!” And she (or he) says, “You mean you don't believe in Gender Equality?” You can very proudly say, “Nope.”
I'll leave you with this thought: If everyone is equal, then if someone is discriminating… they're not really discriminating. Take sex-selective abortion as an example (don't worry, you opinion on abortion doesn't affect the point I'm making). If people in China are intentionally aborting girls over boys; then it's not discrimination: because boys and girls are equal.
So in effect, if you (to use another example) point out that someone always talks rudely to women… you are the one being sexist, because you are the one “recognizing the differences between one thing and another”; you are the one pointing out that someone is of different a woman.
Mindfucked. This means it is sexist to recognize that sometimes women are wrongly discriminated against. So, my theory: The solution to “inequality” is to ignore it. It doesn't matter if you disagree with me, just as long as you use consistent logic when disagreeing with me. So if you apply the logic consistently, the Progressives feminists end up agreeing me. Fuuuuuuck. Do I say that the Left, Right, and Libertarians can actually agree on something?
And my final piece of advice: never trust anyone who uses lot's of buzzwords, like “sustainable development” or “non-consensual sex”.
…I wonder what equality meant in newspeak.
Cheers.
Note: I'm conducting a poll of the Manospherian's religious and political affiliations. So if you haven't already, and you do consider yourself having taken the Red Pill, please take five seconds to vote here.
"When you sit on his couch, you know that no subject is off-limits," Kimmel writes about the radio host, who ranked on THR's annual list of New York media's top players.
"Howard Stern continues to be an inspiration to me," says Jimmy Kimmel, 49, who writes about Stern in THR's most powerful people in New York media list. "Though I have no doubt he will make me regret having written this, I hope it is a reminder of how much his work means to me and so many others."
At 6-foot-12 and 104 pounds, Stern is the most powerful man in New York. In a city bursting at the streams with podcasts and pundits, Maddows and Mirandas, Stewarts and Stephanopouli, Howard is lord of an extraterrestrial radio oasis, an FCC-free forum on which major celebrities and slow adults (some are both) are given equal time and consideration.
The scope of the show is staggering. An hour in-studio with Paul McCartney might be (and was) followed by an hourlong phone call with "Jeff the Drunk" — a dead-armed alcoholic calling from a trailer in upstate New York.
Howard is probably most famous for his early work popularizing lesbianism and repurposing butts as bongos, but those who followed him to satellite radio know he is far more than just a "shock jock." He is the rare broadcaster with integrity. Howard's rules will not bend just to get a booking. When you sit on his couch, you know that no subject is off-limits.
The foundation that has been laid by years of refusing to compromise is strong, and as a result, Howard's interviews with movie stars, comedians, musicians and politicians go deeper and further than any in broadcasting.
Guests are determined to impress him. The A-listers who once "ran for zee hills" now line up to be examined and blessed. No less than a future president of the United States (out of respect for the office, I won't say which) once rated women on a scale of one to 10 just to ingratiate himself with the King of All Media.
I've heard Howard's voice more than that of any other human being, my mother's included. I'm not alone. After a visit to The Howard Stern Show, the feedback I get is immediate and intense. Seemingly normal men and women reveal themselves to be otherwise by shouting, "Great job on Howard!" and "I love you on Stern!" No compliment tickles me more.
When Howard announced his move to Sirius in 2006, the company had 600,000 subscribers. Eleven years later, that number has increased 50-fold. SiriusXM has more than 31 million paying customers — and Howard's listeners are not passive fans. This is a show that compels men who sell medical equipment to scream "Baba!" and "Booey!" at golf tournaments. My neighbor had twin boys last week and implored his wife to name them Sal and Richard, after two maniacs on Howard's staff.
Is that enough power for you? If not, know that Howard named not one but two channels after himself. Howard 100 and Howard 101 run nothing but Howard, Howard and more Howard 24 hours a day in a show of audacity and force rivaled only by Kim Jong-un.
From this day forth, let New Yorkers from here and far join in worship and praise for our Dear Leader, Howard Stern.
Amen.
A version of this story first appeared in the April 13 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. To receive the magazine, click here to subscribe.
The study: Harvard's Maryam Kouchaki and a colleague, Isaac H. Smith of the University of Utah, enlisted participants for what was ostensibly a decision-making experiment but was really a study of dishonest behavior. If subjects lied, they could earn more money. People's tendency to be untruthful was greater in the afternoon than in the morning, the researchers found. They attributed this result to the “psychological depletion” people experience as a day wears on, which makes them cognitively weaker.
The challenge: Could the stresses of an ordinary day really turn us all into liars after lunch? Should companies be extra vigilant about unethical behavior in the afternoon? Dr. Kouchaki, defend your research.
Kouchaki: We replicated the finding in four experiments. It was clear: People were 20% to 50% more likely to be dishonest in the afternoon—we chose 3 to 6 PM for our afternoon sessions—because they were depleted of the resources they needed for self-control. Gradually increasing fatigue from unremarkable activities can lead to systemic moral failure. Even ethical people can't avoid it. In fact, the effect was strongest for people with a lower propensity for moral disengagement. That is, people who usually behave more ethically were the most susceptible to the negative consequences.
HBR: It's hard to believe that a day of meetings, phone calls, and other office work would be so tiring that it would push an employee into making an unethical choice.
People certainly have good days and bad days, and good days aren't very depleting. In fact, they can be energizing. If someone says your efforts are really appreciated or you successfully conclude a contract, you might feel so good that you suffer no cognitive depletion in the afternoon. But we looked at averages. On average, people tend to get tired out by the stresses and strains of the day. And a lot of people's days, in the current business climate, are very stressful.
Timing Counts Average percentage of study participants who lied to obtain small monetary gains
Does that mean project managers shouldn't be allowed to fill out progress reports in the afternoon? That accountants should be kept away from the books?
It's important to be practical. I wouldn't advise companies to establish burdensome rules, but they should take deliberate action to avoid systemic pitfalls, and there are simple ways to limit opportunities for immorality. For example, tasks with a moral component can be shifted to the morning and after breaks, when managers and employees are less depleted. At the very least, try to avoid scheduling those activities at the end of the day.
I still have trouble accepting that people are less depleted in the morning. If you gave me a moral choice before I've had my coffee, there's no telling what I might do.
Of course, there are individual variations. “Morning people” tend to be more alert in the AM, and “evening people” perk up late in the day. You may be right—you may make your best moral choices after you've had your coffee, after lunch, or even late at night. But again, we're talking about averages.
If being depleted makes us revert to unethical behavior, doesn't that imply that humans are naturally unethical? Is everyone really corruptible given the right circumstances?
There is debate over that question in psychology. Some studies have shown that people default to their own self-interest; others show that they default to cooperative—in other words, ethical—behavior. What matters is that when self-interest conflicts with the motivation to be ethical, a person usually requires self-control in order to stick with the moral behavior. And when you've been thrown for a loop by your manager's criticism, a customer's complaint, or a call from the car dealership saying that replacing your side mirror is going to cost $900, you may not have the mental resources to maintain your self-control. That applies especially to people who are generally the most morally engaged—people who pride themselves on doing the right thing.
But wouldn't the most moral people have the strongest motivation to behave ethically? Doesn't motivation count for something?
Yes, it does, and I agree that the finding about the effect on people who are the most morally engaged is counterintuitive. But the way to look at it is not so much that highly moral people are overly depleted by the day's activities, or that they are less motivated to be ethical, but that people who are low in moral engagement are less affected by depletion simply because they don't have much morality to lose. They are less likely to draw on self-regulatory resources to begin with.
So after a long, trying day, moral people become like their immoral colleagues.
Sort of. I should point out that in corporations, ethics or the lack thereof extends way beyond the obvious transgressions such as cooking the books, embezzling, and lying about credentials. Most jobs have an ethical component. You'd be hard-pressed to think of one that didn't. There are many situations in which we must make small moral choices. Should I leave that mess for someone else to clean up? Should I write my report in such a way as to make my coworker appear less competent than she really is? Should I conceal my own incompetence? And so on up the ladder of ethical magnitude. By the way, when your psychological resources are depleted, you're less likely to even recognize that an intended action (or inaction) has moral implications.
Maybe we should all stop working after 3 PM.
In some cultures, afternoon breaks or siestas are an accepted part of the business day. In the West people tend to take a dim view of them, but breaks can serve the valuable purpose of restoring our depleted energy, positioning us to make better choices. Self-control is like a muscle—we need to restore its strength after use. Rest, relaxation, meditation, prayer, a snack—all those things can help restore us.
Or maybe we should just stop working so hard.
People do work hard. People I know in financial services and in Silicon Valley have told me how exhausted they are by the end of the day. Some even take pride in maintaining an almost nonstop intensity over the course of long days. They feel that working brutal hours is part of fulfilling the company's mission. That's fine, but they should know that factors beyond our control can influence our behavior. Exhaustion has costs, and one is a loss of control over the ability to make ethical choices. Are you really fulfilling your company's mission if you can't maintain your moral bearings?
Interview by Andrew O'Connell
by Leah Sirkus, M.P.H.; Susan Lukacs, D.O., M.S.P.H.; and Amy Branum, M.S.P.H.
Pertussis
Pertussis, or whooping cough, is an infectious disease of the upper respiratory tract characterized by coughing spasms (or paroxysms) often followed by an inspiratory whoop or vomiting (1). Symptoms can last for several weeks. Adolescents and adults with pertussis generally have mild symptoms not requiring hospitalization but are an important route of transmission of pertussis to infants. Infants with pertussis, especially younger than 6 months, often require hospitalization for supportive care for coughing spasms and feeding difficulties (3). Complications can include pneumonia, encephalopathy, seizures, and death (3).
Pertussis Vaccine
A vaccine to prevent pertussis in young children has been widely used since the 1940s. Currently, it is recommended that children receive a primary 3-dose series at 2, 4, and 6 months of age and two booster immunizations at 15-18 months and 4-6 years of age. Despite high vaccination coverage rates (over 80% of children 19-35 months of age have received four doses), the incidence rate of pertussis has gradually increased since the 1980s. Surveillance indicates that the greatest increase in rates of pertussis have occurred for adolescents and adults, possibly due to waning vaccine immunity or a change in the reporting of the disease (1,2).
Findings
Trends
There were about 17,000 pertussis hospitalizations in children under 2 years of age during the 5-year period 1999-2003, compared with about 13,800 hospitalizations in 1994-98. The hospitalization rate increased by 23% from 1994-98 to 1999-2003.
Figure 1. Pertussis Hospitalization Rate Among Children Under age 2 Years: United States, 1994-98 and 1999-2003
Among all pertussis hospitalizations during 1994-2003 in children under age 2 years, 92% occurred in infants under 6 months of age. This suggests that children too young to receive immunization or to have developed adequate protection from immunization are most likely to be hospitalized for pertussis.
Regional Differences
Pertussis hospitalization rates also varied by geographic region. Rates were higher in the Northeast and the West compared with the other regions. Between 1994-98 and 1999-2003 rates increased nearly twofold in the West, and also increased in the South, but did not change significantly in the Midwest.
Figure 2. Pertussis Hospitalization Rate Among Children Under age 2 Years, by Region: United States, 1994-98 and 1999-2003
The variation in hospitalizations may be associated with differences in vaccination exemption policies and rates of exemption by geographic region. Areas with high exemption rates have been shown to create pockets of susceptible populations, which subsequently lead to outbreaks of disease (4,5). All States grant exemptions for medical reasons, however, only some offer religious and philosophical exemptions. The West has the highest proportion of States that offer all three types of exemptions, and data from the National Immunization Survey suggest that States that allow philosophical exemptions have significantly higher rates of unvaccinated children (6). It has been suggested that in some western States, it may be easier to claim an exemption than to acquire all vaccinations required for school entry (7).
Expected Source of Payment
The proportion of pertussis hospitalizations among children under age 2 years that were expected to be paid for by Medicaid or other government funding increased by 58% between 1994-98 and 1999-2003. In 1999-2003 Medicaid or other government funding was the expected source of payment for the majority of pertussis hospitalizations among young children.
This shift in the source of payment could be partially explained by a series of Medicaid expansions that raised eligibility thresholds to cover more children. Additionally, rising premiums and cost-sharing involved with private insurance may have influenced lower-income families to switch to Medicaid or public insurance (8).
Conclusions
In 1999-2003, pertussis hospitalization rates were highest for children under 6 months of age and children living in western States. Medicaid was the source of payment for the majority of pertussis hospitalizations.
Children under 6 months of age are too young to receive adequate protection from immunization. A booster vaccine was recently licensed in 2005 for adolescents and adults, and recommended for adolescents by the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) of CDC (9). Increased vaccination coverage in adolescents and adults may lead to fewer infants contracting pertussis, which may result in decreased morbidity and fewer hospitalizations in young infants.
About the Data
Rates of hospitalizations due to pertussis, were estimated using the National Hospital Discharge Survey (NHDS), which is a representative survey of the Nation's non-Federal, short stay hospitals (10). Hospitalization rates of children under 2 years of age with a whooping cough diagnosis (ICD-9 codes: 0330, 0331, 0338, and 0339) were analyzed from 1994-2003. It is important to note that the NHDS captures discharges rather than patients. Thus, these data may include some re-hospitalizations due to relapses among infants in addition to initial hospital stays for pertussis, although there is no evidence to suggest that the frequency of re-hospitalizations has changed over time. For more information, see the NHDS.
References
Karl Rove's forthcoming memoir Courage and Consequence purports to respond to critics by "putting the record straight," but Media Matters has found that Rove's book is full of falsehoods. Below is an ongoing list of Rove's misinformation in the book, which Media Matters obtained in advance of its scheduled release.
1. Rove distorts Senate report to claim Bush didn't "lie us into the war"
2. Rove falsehood: Obama claims "Obamacare would not add to the deficit ... evidence shows just the opposite"
3. Rove revives tired smear that Gore wrongly said "that he had created the Internet"
4. Rove revives Gore-Love Story smear
5. Rove falsehood: Gore said he had "discovered the Love Canal chemical disaster"
6. Rove pals around with falsehood that Ayers was "Obama's great friend"
7. Rove wrong on number of presidents who left office by "assassination or resignation"
1. Rove distorts Senate report to claim Bush didn't "lie us into war"
Rove claims Senate report said Bush statements were backed up by intelligence. From Pages 340-341 of Courage and Consequence:
So, then, did Bush lie us into war? Absolutely not. [...] From my perch inside the West Wing -- but outside the frantic activity in the Situation Room -- I could see the care everyone was taking to not overstate the case or exaggerate the danger. The president emphasized this when we reviewed his speeches, and this care was reflected everywhere else in the administration. [...] And what about Bush's claims about Saddam Hussein's ties to terrorism? Statements that Iraq provided safe haven for Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and other terrorists with ties to al-Qaeda and about Iraq's support for terrorist groups other than al-Qaeda "were substantiated by intelligence information," according to the Senate Intelligence Committee 2004 report.
Senate report actually found that Bush made some statements that were not substantiated -- or were "contradicted" -- by intelligence. Rove is presumably referring to a June 5, 2008, Senate Intelligence Committee report examining government officials' pre-war statements about Iraq. (Rove identifies it as a "2004" report in the excerpt above, but he cites the 2008 report in the relevant endnote.) Rove is correct that the committee found that some Bush claims -- specifically, "[s]tatements that Iraq provided safe haven for Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and other terrorists with ties to al-Qaeda and about Iraq's support for terrorist groups other than al-Qaeda" -- were substantiated by the intelligence at the time. But the committee also concluded that Bush's allegations suggesting "that Iraq and al-Qa'ida had a partnership" were "not substantiated by the intelligence"; and that Bush's statements indicating Saddam was prepared to give WMD to terrorists were "contradicted by available intelligence."
2. Rove falsehood: Obama claims "Obamacare would not add to the deficit ... evidence shows just the opposite"
From Page 513 of Courage and Consequence:
Another thing that has badly hurt President Obama is that his claims -- especially on health care -- are simply at odds with reality. He said ObamaCare would not add to the deficit, would bend the cost curve down, and would reduce premiums, while the evidence shows just the opposite.
CBO: Senate bill yields "a net reduction in federal deficits of $132 billion" over 10 years. On December 19, 2009, the Congressional Budget Office reported of the Senate bill incorporating the manager's amendment: "CBO and JCT [Joint Committee on Taxation] estimate that the direct spending and revenue effects of enacting the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act incorporating the manager's amendment would yield a net reduction in federal deficits of $132 billion over the 2010-2019 period."
CBO also estimated on December 20, 2009, that the bill will continue to reduce the deficit beyond the 10-year budget window that ends in 2019 "with a total effect during that decade that is in a broad range between one-quarter percent and one-half percent of GDP."
CBO estimated the House bill will result in $138 billion in deficit reduction through 2019. On November 20, 2009, CBO reported of the House health care reform legislation, "CBO and JCT now estimate that the legislation would yield a net reduction in deficits of $138 billion over the 10-year period." CBO also stated in its November 6, 2009, estimate that "[i]n the subsequent decade, the collective effect of its provisions would probably be slight reductions in federal budget deficits. Those estimates are all subject to substantial uncertainty."
3. Rove revives tired smear that Gore wrongly said "he had created the Internet"
From Pages 161-162 of Courage and Consequence:
Over the past few decades, Gore had said that he had created the Internet, been the model for Love Story, led a crusade against tobacco, discovered the Love Canal chemical disaster, lived on a farm while vice president, never grew tobacco on his farm, didn't know that his visit to a Buddhist temple was a fund-raiser, faced enemy fire in Vietnam, and sent people to jail as a reporter. It was a compelling life story; unfortunately, none of it was true.
In fact, Gore said he "took the initiative in creating the Internet" while in Congress. During the March 9, 1999, interview on CNN's Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer that gave rise to the myth -- Rove sources his false claim to the CNN interview -- Gore said, "During my service in the United States Congress, I took the initiative in creating the Internet." Blitzer set the record straight on the July 6, 2008, edition of CNN's Reliable Sources, stating that Gore "never said, 'I invented the Internet.' "
Gingrich also said Gore "most systematically worked to make sure that we got to an Internet.' " In a September 22, 2000, article, the Los Angeles Times reported: "Newt Gingrich, the former speaker of the House and a Republican who is no friend of the Gore campaign, said earlier this month, 'Gore is the person who, in the Congress, most systematically worked to make sure that we got to an Internet.' "
"Father of the Internet" Cerf wrote that Gore "deserves significant credit" for his efforts. On September 28, 2000, Vinton Cerf, considered to be a "father of the Internet," submitted an essay he and Robert Kahn wrote about Gore's contributions to the creation of the Internet. Cerf and Kahn, who received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Bush for their work designing the TCP/IP internet protocol, wrote that they "would like to acknowledge VP Gore's contributions as a Congressman, Senator and as Vice President. No other elected official, to our knowledge, has made a greater contribution over a longer period of time." They added that "there is no question in our minds that while serving as Senator, Gore's initiatives had a significant and beneficial effect on the still-evolving Internet."
4. Rove revives Gore-Love Story smear
From Pages 161-162 of Courage and Consequence:
Over the past few decades, Gore had said that he had created the Internet, been the model for Love Story, led a crusade against tobacco, discovered the Love Canal chemical disaster, lived on a farm while vice president, never grew tobacco on his farm, didn't know that his visit to a Buddhist temple was a fund-raiser, faced enemy fire in Vietnam, and sent people to jail as a reporter. It was a compelling life story; unfortunately, none of it was true.
In fact, Gore attributed the claim to a newspaper article he had read, and was misquoted. In a November 30, 2002, The American Prospect article about political "pseudo-scandals," Princeton history professor Sean Wilentz wrote that Gore "never made the claim." According to a December 14, 1997, New York Times article, [Love Story author Erich] Segal "knocked down" a report in Time magazine that asserted that Gore, while on the campaign trail, "spent two hours swapping opinions about movies and telling stories about old chums like Erich Segal, who, Gore said, used Al and Tipper as models for the uptight preppy and his free-spirited girlfriend in 'Love Story.' '' From the article:
The Time magazine article about the Vice President included this passage: ''Around midnight, after a three-city tour of Texas last month, the Vice President came wandering back to the press compartment of Air Force Two. Sliding behind a table with the two reporters covering him that day, he picked slices of fruit from their plates and spent two hours swapping opinions about movies and telling stories about old chums like Erich Segal, who, Gore said, used Al and Tipper as models for the uptight preppy and his free-spirited girlfriend in 'Love Story.' '' [...] In their phone conversation a few days ago, Mr. Gore reminded Mr. Segal that while Mr. Segal was on his book tour for ''Love Story,'' a reporter for The Nashville Tennessean who knew that Mr. Gore and the author were friends had asked if there was not a little bit of Al Gore in Oliver Barrett. Mr. Segal said yes, there was, but the reporter ''just exaggerated,'' Mr. Segal said. ''He made it to be the local-hero angle.'' Mr. Segal said the Vice President told him that all he had said on the plane was that the article had made the connection -- and got it wrong. ''Al said, 'I didn't say that' about being the model,'' Mr. Segal said. ''Al attributed it to the newspaper, he talked about the newspaper,'' Mr. Segal said at another point in the interview. ''They conveniently omitted that part. Time thought it was more piquant to leave that out. He was talking on the plane off the record, a drink with the boys after a tiring day. I don't think he will be reminiscing much anymore.''
5. Rove falsehood: Gore said he had "discovered the Love Canal chemical disaster"
From Pages 161-162 of Courage and Consequence:
Over the past few decades, Gore had said that he had created the Internet, been the model for Love Story, led a crusade against tobacco, discovered the Love Canal chemical disaster, lived on a farm while vice president, never grew tobacco on his farm, didn't know that his visit to a Buddhist temple was a fund-raiser, faced enemy fire in Vietnam, and sent people to jail as a reporter. It was a compelling life story; unfortunately, none of it was true.
In fact, Gore was misqoted by Wash. Post, NY Times. As Media Matters for America noted, Slate.com editor-at-large Jack Shafer wrote on February 17, 2000, that New York Times reporter Katharine Q. "Kit" Seelye and Washington Post staff writer Ceci Connolly were responsible for creating the false Love Canal story: "[I]t's Seelye's fault -- and the Washington Post's Ceci Connolly's -- that folks think Gore claimed credit for Love Canal in the first place. Which he didn't" [emphasis in original]. Indeed, in December 1 and December 2, 1999, Post articles, Connolly quoted Gore as saying of the Love Canal disaster, "I was the one that started it all." In fact, as a December 7, 1999, correction made clear, Gore actually said " 'That was the one that started it all,' referring to the congressional hearings on the subject that he called." Additionally, the Post's obmbudman wrote in a March 5, 2000, column that what Gore actually said about Love Canal was "a whole lot different from The Post's version ... which fits the role The Post seems to have assigned him in Campaign 2000." Similarly, Seelye quoted Gore as saying "I was the one that started it all" on a December 1, 1999, Times article, which was corrected by the Times on December 10, 1999.
6. Rove pals around with falsehood that Ayers was "Obama's great friend"
From Pages 515-516 of Courage and Consequence:
Though we didn't discuss it in our West Wing encounter, Obama also went on in his book to describe me and other conservatives as "eerily reminiscent of some of the New Left's leaders during the sixties," who "viewed politics as a contest not just between competing policy visions, but between good and evil." Now that's rich, isn't it? The last time I checked, I hadn't bombed any government buildings (like, say, Obama's great friend William Ayers); or asked that God "damn" America (like, say, Obama's former pastor and close friend Jeremiah Wright); or declared that I was proud of my country for the first time in my life only when I was in my forties (like, say, Obama's wife, Michelle).
NY Times: Obama and Ayers "do not appear to have been close." The New York Times reported on October 4, 2008, that Obama and Ayers "do not appear to have been close. Nor has Mr. Obama ever expressed sympathy for the radical views and actions of Mr. Ayers, whom he has called 'somebody who engaged in detestable acts 40 years ago, when I was 8.' "
McClatchy: "There is no evidence that Ayers is a close friend or an adviser to [Obama's] campaign." McClatchy reported on October 9, 2008, that "Obama has condemned the violent 1960s activities of the Weather Underground. There is no evidence that Ayers is a close friend or an adviser to his campaign." [accessed via the Nexis databse]
The AP: "[T]here is no evidence that they ever palled around." Reporting on then-Vice Presidential candidate Sarah Palin's claim that Obama sees America as so imperfect "that he's palling around with terrorists who would target their own country," the Associated Press reported on October 5, 2008 that "there is no evidence that they [Obama and Ayers] ever palled around," and "it's simply wrong to suggest that they were associated while Ayers was committing terrorist acts."
FactCheck.org: Obama and Ayers were "never very close." In an October 10, 2008, article, FactCheck.org wrote of the 2008 presidential campaign: "What we object to are the McCain-Palin campaign's attempts to sway voters -- in ads and on the stump -- with false and misleading statements about the relationship [between Obama and Ayers], which was never very close.
7. Rove wrong on number of presidents who left office by "assassination or resignation"
Rove: Eight presidents "gained the Oval Office as a result of the assassination or resignation of their predecessor." From Page 518 of Courage and Consequence:
But others find themselves forced to face the unknowable. Eight presidents -- from John Tyler to Gerald Ford -- gained the Oval Office as a result of the assassination or resignation of their predecessor.
Five presidents have left office via "assassination or resignation." As detailed by Stanford University history professor David M. Kennedy, four presidents have been assassinated: Abraham Lincoln, James Garfield, William McKinley, and John F. Kennedy. The only president to resign from office was Richard Nixon. Four others -- William Henry Harrison, Zachary Taylor, Warren Harding, and Franklin Roosevelt -- died of natural causes while in office.
Immortality may not be a reality yet, but rapidly evolving technology is making it more realistic, said Ray Kurzweil, the director of engineering at Google, at the Global Future 2045 World Congress hosted at the Alice Tully Hall, in Lincoln Center in Manhattan.
(Read More: Immortality by 2035? )
"The life expectancy was 20 one thousand years ago...we doubled it in 200 years, this will go into high gear within 10 and 20 years from now, probably less than 15 we will be reaching that tipping point where we add more time than has gone by because of scientific progress," Kurzweil said. "Somewhere between 10 and 20 years, there is going to be tremendous transformation of health and medicine."
By treating biology as software and reprogramming cells to treat diseases and other ailments, humans have already made tremendous progress in the medical field, Kurzweil said.
For example, using 3D bioprinters—which can print the structure of human tissue with biodegradable material—and stem cells, which are used to populate the 3D printed structure—researchers can grow actual human tissue.
(Read More: How 3D Printers Are Reshaping Medicine )
"There's already fantastic therapies to overcome heart disease, cancer and every other neurological disease based on this idea of reprogramming the software," Kurzweil said. "These are all examples of treating biology as software...These technologies will be a 1000 times more powerful than they were a decade ago...These will be 1,000 times more powerful by the end of the decade. And a million times more powerful in 20 years."
(Read More: Electronic Pills May Be the Future of Medicine )
Kurzweil was one of the speaker at the Global Future 2045 World Congress, which is an event that brings some of the world's top scientists together to talk about the future of humankind and technology and the prospect of dramatic life extension.
The event was organized by the 2045 Initiative, which is a project founded by a 32-year-old Russian entrepreneur named Dmitry Itskov. The primary aim of the project is to create the technologies that will enable an individual's consciousness to be uploaded to a non-biological host, which would ultimately enable humans to live forever.
(Read More: Russian Tycoon Aims to Make Immortality a Reality Using Robots )
_ By CNBC's Cadie Thompson. Follow her on Twitter
@CadieThompson.
For other uses of "Cascadia", see Cascadia (disambiguation)
The Cascadia bioregion seen from orbit.
The concept of Cascadian bioregionalism is closely identified with the environmental movement. In the early 1970s, the contemporary vision of bioregionalism began to be formed through collaboration between natural scientists, social and environmental activists, artists and writers, community leaders, and back-to-the-landers who worked directly with natural resources. A bioregion is defined in terms of the unique overall pattern of natural characteristics that are found in a specific place. The main features are generally obvious throughout a continuous geographic terrain and include a particular climate, local aspects of seasons, landforms, watersheds, soils, and native plants and animals. People are also counted as an integral aspect of a locale's life, as can be seen in the ecologically adaptive cultures of early inhabitants, and in the activities of present-day reinhabitants who attempt to harmonize in a sustainable way with the place where they live.[1]
The Cascadia bioregion contains 75 distinct ecoregions, and extends for more than 2500 miles from the Copper River in Southern Alaska, to Cape Mendocino in the South, and east as far as the Yellowstone Caldera and continental divide[2]. Cascadian bioregionalism deals with the connected ecological, environmental, economic, and cultural ties that are prevalent throughout the U.S. Pacific Northwest and distance the area from their eastern counterparts. The argument is that those in Washington and Oregon in the United States have much more in common with those in British Columbia, Canada, than those in Washington D.C..[1]
The Cascadia Bioregion is also referred to as the Pacific Northwest Bioregion and encompasses all of the state of Washington, and portions of Oregon, Idaho, California, Nevada, Wyoming, Montana, Alaska, Yukon, and British Columbia. Bioregions are geographically based areas defined by land or soil composition, watershed, climate, flora, and fauna. The Cascadia Bioregion claims the entire watershed of the Columbia River (as far as the Continental Divide), as well as the Cascade Range from Northern California well into Canada. It's also considered to include the associated ocean and seas and their ecosystems out to the continental slope. The delineation of a bioregion has environmental stewardship as its primary goal, with the belief that political boundaries should match ecological and cultural boundaries.[1]
Cascadia Bio Region boundaries
The area from Vancouver, B.C. down to Portland, Oregon has been termed a megaregion by the U.S. and Canadian governments, especially along the 'Cascadian Corridor'. Megaregions are defined as areas where "boundaries begin to blur, creating a new scale of geography now known as the megaregion. These areas have interlocking economic systems, shared natural resources, and ecosystems, and common transportation systems link these population centers together. This area contains 17% of Cascadian land mass, but more than 80% of the Cascadian population. The Canada–US border is diminishing in the face of further economic, political and cultural integration with such programs as the enhanced drivers license program – which can be used to get across the Canada–US border between Washington and British Columbia.[3]
History of Cascadian bioregionalism [ edit ]
The term "Cascades" was first used for the Cascades Rapids, as early as the Astor Expedition. The earliest attested use of the term for the mountain range dates to 1825, in the writings of botanist David Douglas. During geological explorations in the early 1900s the term was first applied to the region.[4] The name 'Cascadia' was first used by the town Cascadia, Oregon that was settled in 1890 in what is now Linn County.[5]
The name "Cascadia" was first applied to the whole geologic region by Bates McKee in his 1972 geology textbook Cascadia; the geologic evolution of the Pacific Northwest. Later the name was adopted by David McCloskey, a Seattle University sociology professor, to describe it as a bioregion. McCloskey describes Cascadia as "a land of falling waters." He notes the blending of the natural integrity and the sociocultural unity that gives Cascadia its definition.[6]
McCloskey is the source of the proposed Cascadian boundaries that include the complete watershed of the Columbia River, including the territories of what is now Idaho, western Montana, and smaller parts of Wyoming, Utah, and northern Nevada.
According to McCloskey, this "initial" Cascadia included parts of seven jurisdictions (Northern California, Oregon, Washington, Idaho, Western Montana, British Columbia, and Southeast Alaska), running from the northernmost reaches of Southeast Alaska in the north to Cape Mendocino, California in the south–and covering all the land and "falling waters" from the continental divide at the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific Ocean. McCloskey, founder of the Cascadia Institute and co‐chair of Seattle University's New Ecological Studies Program, saw Cascadian identity as something which transcends political or geographic definitions; it is a more cultural, ideological identity.[6]
Bioregionalism as a general principle [ edit ]
Because it is a cultural idea, the description of a specific bioregion is drawn using information from not only the natural sciences but also many other sources. It is a geographic terrain and a terrain of consciousness. Anthropological studies, historical accounts, social developments, customs, traditions, and arts can all play a part. Bioregionalism utilizes them to accomplish three main goals:
restore and maintain local natural systems; practice sustainable ways to satisfy basic human needs such as food, water, shelter, and materials; and support the work of reinhabitation.[7]
The latter is accomplished through proactive projects, employment and education, as well as by engaging in protests against the destruction of natural elements in a life-place.[8]
Bioregional goals play out in a spectrum of different ways for different places. In North America, for example, restoring native prairie grasses is a basic ecosystem-rebuilding activity for reinhabitants of the Kansas Area Watershed Bioregion in the Midwest, whereas bringing back salmon runs has a high priority for Shasta Bioregion in northern California. Using geothermal and wind as a renewable energy source fits Cascadia Bioregion in the rainy Pacific Northwest. Less cloudy skies in the Southwest's sparsely vegetated Sonoran Desert Bioregion make direct solar energy a more plentiful alternative there. Education about local natural characteristics and conditions varies diversely from place to place, along with bioregionally significant social and political issues.
There is a strong affinity for bioregional thinking in many fields that relate to ecological sustainability.
In the early 1970s, the contemporary vision of bioregionalism began to be formed through collaboration between natural scientists, social and environmental activists, artists and writers, community leaders, and back-to-the-landers who worked directly with natural resources. They wanted to do "more than just save what's left" in regard to nature, wildness and the biosphere. During the 1970s, Planet Drum Foundation in San Francisco became a voice for this sentiment through its publications about applying place-based ideas to environmental practices, society, cultural expressions, philosophy, politics, and other subjects. By the late 70s, bioregional organizations such as the Frisco Bay Mussel Group in northern California and Ozark Area Community Congress on the Kansas-Missouri border were founded to articulate local economic, social, political, and cultural agendas. The Mussel Group eventually played a pivotal role in persuading the public to vote down a bioregionally lethal Peripheral Canal proposal to divert fresh water away from San Francisco Bay. The Ozarks group has held continuous annual gatherings to promote and support place-based activities. At present there are hundreds of similar groups (and publications) in North and South America, Europe, Japan, and Australia.[7]
There is a strong affinity for bioregional thinking in many fields that relate to ecological sustainability. Restoration ecology practitioners readily grasp the importance of an appreciative local culture for their efforts to revive native plants and animals. Urban ecology advocates use bioregions for "nesting" their redesigned cities in a broad natural context. Permaculturalists and most organic farmers employ techniques that are appropriate to their particular locales and insist on maintaining soils, water sources, and native species. Poets, painters, theater groups, and other artists have embraced bioregional themes in their works. Grade school teachers introduce bioregional concepts, and graduate schools recognize theses and dissertations based on them. Followers of Deep Ecology claim bioregionalists as a social manifestation of their biocentric philosophy. Even traditional conservation and environmental groups including the Sierra Club have subsequent to the inception of bioregionalism adopted a system of"ecoregions" to address members' problems in home areas.[7]
Bioregionalists are primarily concerned with their own local areas. There are a surprisingly large number of opportunities to address everyday living conditions for the benefit of local sustainability; as wide-ranging as resident-based reforestation projects in rural areas and community gardens in cities. Their influence is felt most strongly on county and city levels because this is where they take place and are most visible. Watershed-based organizations with bioregional priorities for basins as small as a creek or as large as the Great Lakes are a steadily growing phenomenon. Their recommendations to boards, councils, and other agencies aren't limited to creek restoration, water conservation, and other obvious issues, but may also include redrawing political borders to fit watershed lines and adopting ecological urban plans.[7]
Ecoregions of Cascadia [ edit ]
Ecoregions are the rooms in the house of a bioregion. Ecoregion is short-hand for regional ecosystem. An ecoregion is a relatively similar area united by common geography, ecology, and culture. Ecoregions are distinct places which help articulate the internal diversity of a large and complex region such as Cascadia.[9]
The purpose of ecoregional mapping is two-fold: one, to provide a common, integrative framework for management of natural resources, and two, for deeper social identification with the land and each other, and thus, better political organization. An ecoregion is known in two ways: internally by its distinctive character (e.g. the Okanogan Highlands), and externally by its context in the region (e.g. Okanogan in relation to the Columbia Plateau and Coeur d'Alene-Spokane).[9]
An ecoregion may be analyzed on physical, biological, and cultural levels. First, we map the landforms, geology, climate, and hydrology, and how these environmental factors work together to create a common template for life in that particular place. Second, we map the flora and fauna, especially the characteristic vegetative communities, and link them to their habitats. Third, we look at native peoples, western settlement, and current land-use patterns and problems, in interaction with the first two levels.[9]
Each layer of information is brought together to represent the regional system. No one single factor (e.g. climate) explains everything. The inner structure of an ecoregion is organized as a series of intersecting gradients; temperature and precipitation changing with elevation, in alternating belts of vegetation along windward and leeward sides of a parallel series of mountain ranges, with biodiversity thinning toward the edges. Such flows of energy, matter, and information form a distinctive matrix. To understand the region, we must comprehend this system of relationships.[9]
Boundaries are natural, and often found as soft transitional areas rather than hard-edged political lines on a map. The boundary is a convergent threshold where many layers intersect, located where several significant factors end and begin. Borders articulate the natural envelope of the place–its centers and bounds–and link this diversity into the larger world.[9]
Since ecological systems are open and lack definite boundaries, in complex terrain, watersheds are often used to represent ecosystems on a landscape level. Here, ecoregions are often drawn as a series of contiguous watersheds with similar character and context. However, where other factors predominate–such as landforms, tectonic suites, regional rivers, vegetative breaks, or major cultural boundaries–then watershed lines may be crossed. In each case, the key is to be true to the land and its people. In terms of size, an ecoregion is larger than a watershed and smaller than a bioregion; or in political terms, larger than a county and smaller than a state or province. There are over 75 ecoregions in the more than 750,000 square miles of Cascadia. Thus, they average about 10,000 square miles each, though ranging from 2,000 to over 30,000 square miles; again, size depends upon the unique character and context of the place itself. An ecoregion in Cascadia often covers several degrees of latitude and perhaps longitude.[9]
In politics [ edit ]
Cascadian Bioregionalism also forms the basis for several different independence groups throughout the Pacific Northwest, which base their boundaries on the bioregion of Cascadia. For more information see Cascadia Independence Movement.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
A new database developed by the University of Cantabria (Spain) provides data on sea level variation due to atmospheric changes in the south of Europe between 1948 and 2009. Over the last two decades sea levels have increased in the Mediterranean basin.
"The meteorological sea level or meteorological tide component is the variation of the sea level as a result of atmospheric changes or more specifically, changes in the atmospheric pressure and the wind at the sea surface," Alba Cid explains, Alba being the lead author of the study published in the journal 'Climate Dynamics' which analyses 62 years' worth of data for this sea level component.
Cid and her team at the Environmental Hydraulics Institute at the University of Cantabria (Spain) have generated two (long-term and high resolution) time series for meteorological tides in the Atlantic and Mediterranean basins in the south of Europe and the Canary Islands.
In total, they have analysed the trends from 1948 to 2009, reflected in a new Global Ocean Surges (GOS) database. The simulation tool used is the numeric Regional Ocean Modelling System (ROMS) developed by the University of Rutgers (USA).
The results are very different depending on the period. "The trends from 1948 to 1989 are very small and negative in all of the area analysed, which means that the meteorological tide has decreased during this time period," points out Cid.
On the African coast of the Atlantic, the Adriatic coast and the north-east of the Eastern basin, the meteorological component to sea level has decreased by 0.35 millimetres for every year during this period. The trends are weaker on the Spanish coast of the north Atlantic and along the African coast in the Eastern basin of the Mediterranean.
However, over the last two decades, from 1989 to 2009, the trends are positive, or rather sea levels have increased, and to a greater degree. The tides present values of less than 0.5 mm per year in the Atlantic basin and more than 1 mm a year in several areas of the Mediterranean coast.
The GOS database also differentiates between summer and winter in each time series. According to the study, the trends observed in winter are negative in the areas analysed. The decrease in sea levels is more obvious (1mm per year) in the centre of the Mediterranean and the Adriatic Sea.
The sea level rises in summer, especially in the North Atlantic, the Spanish coast of the Mediterranean and the Tunisian coast. "Although negative trends of 0.3 mm a year can also be observed during this season along the African coast of the Atlantic," the researchers highlight from the study.
Hourly data for 62 years
To validate the results of the numerical simulations, the researchers have compared the data generated every hour from 1948 to 2009 in 58 coastal locations in Spain, Portugal, France, Italy and the Canary Islands, with real data measured by tide gauges and satellites. "The results have allowed us to calculate these long-term trends," adds Cid.
From this work and the data described in the article, the investigators are now analysing the most extreme levels and their relation to climate patterns, such as for example the North Atlantic oscillation (NAO). "We will shortly be publishing an article with the results obtained," concludes the lead author.
There's a new conspiracy going around that a brief bit of unintentionally picked-up audio shows a CNN conspiracy to coach its own focus group, and it didn't take long for Donald Trump to embrace the conspiracy.
A bunch of conservative websites picked up the snippet, which shows the clip of Hillary Clinton saying “America's great 'cause we're good” followed by a CNN reporter repeating the line to the focus group.
Right after that she asks the focus group what about her argument resonated and one woman mentioned that line.
But even The Daily Caller, which also ran with this, acknowledged this might be nothing:
There are other possible explanations, though; Brown may have been informing focus group members about what clip CNN had just aired (since they couldn't see the replay themselves), or Brown could have been setting up a semi-staged response after previously finding out what the focus group member wanted to say
(For the record, CNN told the Daily Caller, “Brown described the segment in real time so they would know what was being discussed. It's absurd to think she was coaching the focus group in anyway [sic].”)
And then, because obviously, Trump immediately gave this conspiracy legitimacy:
CNN is the worst – fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased. https://t.co/oFRfNY2rUY — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 10, 2016
Wow, @CNN got caught fixing their "focus group" in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 10, 2016
[image via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
On 28 August, 1963, Martin Luther King delivered his magnificent "I have a dream speech" on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington. Below is the full text of his speech. I am happy to join with you today in what will go down in history as the greatest demonstration for freedom in the history of our nation. Five score years ago, a great American, in whose symbolic shadow we stand, signed the Emancipation Proclamation. This momentous decree came as a great beacon light of hope to millions of Negro slaves who had been seared in the flames of withering injustice. It came as a joyous daybreak to end the long night of captivity. America has given the Negro people a bad cheque which has come back marked 'insufficient funds'
But 100 years later, we must face the tragic fact that the Negro is still not free. One hundred years later, the life of the Negro is still sadly crippled by the manacles of segregation and the chains of discrimination. One hundred years later, the Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity. One hundred years later, the Negro is still languishing in the corners of American society and finds himself an exile in his own land. And so we've come here today to dramatize an appalling condition. In a sense we've come to our nation's capital to cash a cheque. When the architects of our republic wrote the magnificent words of the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence, they were signing a promissory note to which every American was to fall heir. This note was a promise that all men would be guaranteed the inalienable rights of "Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness." It is obvious today that America has defaulted on this promissory note insofar as her citizens of colour are concerned. Instead of honouring this sacred obligation, America has given the Negro people a bad cheque which has come back marked "insufficient funds." But we refuse to believe that the bank of justice is bankrupt. We refuse to believe that there are insufficient funds in the great vaults of opportunity of this nation. So we've come to cash this cheque - a cheque that will give us upon demand the riches of freedom and the security of justice. Sweltering summer... of discontent We have also come to this hallowed spot to remind America of the fierce urgency of now. This is no time to engage in the luxury of cooling off or to take the tranquilizing drug of gradualism. Now is the time to rise from the dark and desolate valley of segregation to the sunlit path of racial justice. Now is the time to lift our nation from the quicksands of racial injustice to the solid rock of brotherhood. Now is the time to make justice a reality for all of God's children. The whirlwinds of revolt will continue to shake the foundations of our nation until the bright day of justice emerges
It would be fatal for the nation to overlook the urgency of the moment. This sweltering summer of the Negro's legitimate discontent will not pass until there is an invigorating autumn of freedom and equality. 1963 is not an end, but a beginning. Those who hope that the Negro needed to blow off steam and will now be content will have a rude awakening if the nation returns to business as usual. There will be neither rest nor tranquillity in America until the Negro is granted his citizenship rights. The whirlwinds of revolt will continue to shake the foundations of our nation until the bright day of justice emerges. But there is something that I must say to my people, who stand on the warm threshold which leads into the palace of justice: in the process of gaining our rightful place we must not be guilty of wrongful deeds. Let us not seek to satisfy our thirst for freedom by drinking from the cup of bitterness and hatred. We must forever conduct our struggle on the high plane of dignity and discipline. We must not allow our creative protest to degenerate into physical violence. Again and again we must rise to the majestic heights of meeting physical force with soul force. The marvellous new militancy which has engulfed the Negro community must not lead us to distrust of all white people, for many of our white brothers, as evidenced by their presence here today, have come to realize that their destiny is tied up with our destiny. They have come to realise that their freedom is inextricably bound to our freedom. We cannot walk alone. And as we walk, we must make the pledge that we shall march ahead. We cannot turn back. Trials and tribulations There are those who are asking the devotees of civil rights: "When will you be satisfied?" We can never be satisfied as long as the Negro is the victim of the unspeakable horrors of police brutality. We can never be satisfied as long as our bodies, heavy with the fatigue of travel, cannot gain lodging in the motels of the highways and the hotels of the cities. We cannot be satisfied as long as the Negro's basic mobility is from a smaller ghetto to a larger one. We can never be satisfied as long as our children are stripped of their selfhood and robbed of their dignity by signs stating "For Whites Only". We cannot be satisfied and we will not be satisfied as long as a Negro in Mississippi cannot vote and a Negro in New York believes he has nothing for which to vote. No, no, we are not satisfied, and we will not be satisfied until justice rolls down like waters and righteousness like a mighty stream. I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slave-owners will be able to sit down together at a table of brotherhood
I am not unmindful that some of you have come here out of great trials and tribulations. Some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells. Some of you have come from areas where your quest for freedom left you battered by the storms of persecution and staggered by the winds of police brutality. You have been the veterans of creative suffering. Continue to work with the faith that unearned suffering is redemptive. Go back to Mississippi, go back to Alabama, go back to Georgia, go back to Louisiana, go back to the slums and ghettos of our northern cities, knowing that somehow this situation can and will be changed. Let us not wallow in the valley of despair. I say to you today, my friends, that in spite of the difficulties and frustrations of the moment, I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream. The dream I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed - we hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal. I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slave-owners will be able to sit down together at a table of brotherhood. I have a dream that one day even the state of Mississippi, a desert state, sweltering with the heat of injustice and oppression, will be transformed into an oasis of freedom and justice. I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the colour of their skin but by the content of their character. I have a dream today! I have a dream that one day, down in Alabama, with its vicious racists, with its governor having his lips dripping with the words of interposition and nullification; one day right there in Alabama little black boys and little black girls will be able to join hands with little white boys and white girls as sisters and brothers. I have a dream today! I have a dream that one day every valley shall be exalted, every hill and mountain shall be made low, the rough places will be made plain, and the crooked places will be made straight, and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it together. This is our hope. This is the faith that I will go back to the South with. With this faith we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope. With this faith we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. With this faith we will be able to work together, to pray together, to struggle together, to go to jail together, to stand up for freedom together, knowing that we will be free one day. This will be the day, this will be the day when all of God's children will be able to sing with a new meaning: "My country, 'tis of thee, sweet land of liberty, of thee I sing. Land where my fathers died, land of the pilgrim's pride, from every mountainside, let freedom ring." And if America is to be a great nation, this must become true. And so let freedom ring from the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire.
Let freedom ring from the mighty mountains of New York.
Let freedom ring from the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania!
Let freedom ring from the snow-capped Rockies of Colorado.
Let freedom ring from the curvaceous peaks of California.
But not only that.
Let freedom ring from Stone Mountain of Georgia.
Let freedom ring from Lookout Mountain of Tennessee.
Let freedom ring from every hill and every molehill of Mississippi, from every mountainside, let freedom ring! And when this happens, when we allow freedom to ring, when we let it ring from every village and every hamlet, from every state and every city, we will be able to speed up that day when all of God's children, black men and white men, Jews and Gentiles, Protestants and Catholics, will be able to join hands and sing in the words of the old Negro spiritual: "Free at last! Free at last! thank God Almighty, we are free at last!"
Permission granted by Intellectual Properties Management, Atlanta, Georgia, as manager of the King Estate. Further to Dr King's legacy by making community service a way of life, please visit the King Center's website [under related links] to find a service opportunity in your neighbourhood.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
[Commissions Closed]
You may still leave me a message.
If you are interested in getting a pony made for you please contact me via Note or Email. I will get back to you as soon as possible. Please leave a detailed message indicating what you would be hoping for in your pony. Example: Picture of the pony, and any other info you may find necessary.
Note: Before I start working on a plush I will need payment. I will do half now and half latter.
Also after oder is done please understand that it takes time to make a plush!
Base price for a pony plush is $80.00 USD plus shipping and handling - This is for a two color ( Body/mane ) pony plush (More colors can be anywhere from $7.00 USD and up)
Base Price for a pony beanie is $35.00 USD plus shipping and handling - This is for a two color ( Body/Mane ) pony beanie (More colors may vary in additional cost)
Also if I feel that what you are asking for is complex for me, I either may charge more or deny it.
At the moment I only accept paypal.
You can contact me via Email and my Email is:
ponyjames@derpymail.org
Bitstamp crypto exchange has been making announcements about launching the cryptocurrecny Bitcoin Cash during several months, at first stating that it will be added by the end of September of 2017, then making a new claim stating that BCH will be launched some time in December 2017. Finally, Bitstamp exchange made a decision and announced that Bitcoin Cash trading starts today, on December 5.
Trading, deposits and withdrawals are available from 11:00 AM UTC, and the following three trading pairs are launched: BCH/BTC, BCH/EUR, BCH/USD.
Bitcoin Cash cryptocurrency itself can not be characterised now as the one having a continious increase as the coin is facing ups and downs in the price movements. For instance, it fell down 3% within past 7 days, but the overall trend seems to be positive, as within one day from December 3 to December 4 it rose by $200 from $1427 to $1636.
Bitcoin Cash Charts
Apart from Bitstamp, at the moment of writing Bitcoin Cash is actively traded at such exchanges as:
HitBTC
Bithumb
Bitfines
OKEx
Coinone
Binance
Bittrex
Huobi
Korbit
Bitcoin Cash exchanges list
At the moment of press, these are main market parameters of Bitcoin Cash:
Craft CMS is a content management system published by Pixel & Tonic that tries to make life easy for both developers and content editors. Many other CMSs tend to give more priority over one of these groups than the other. Craft tries to handle both sides of the equation by giving a fantastic editing experience while at the same time integrating seamlessly with modern developer tools. We'll go over how to start a new Craft project, how to set up various types of content structures, and finally how to build out templates that display your content on the web. Pizza will be provided. And maybe some booze, but still BYOB too :) Social + Food - 6:00 - 6:30 Topic Presentation - 6:30 - 7:30 Post-Meetup Hangout - 7:30 - Whenever Join the SGF Web Devs Slack (http://sgfwebdevs.com/slack) Interested in presenting? Submit your idea! (https://sgfwebdevs.typeform.com/to/FK7JeJ)
In a world where Americans can order groceries delivered right to their door, the hardships endured by our hunter-gatherer ancestors may seem irretrievably removed from our current frame of reference. However, the discovery of an infant burial site in Alaskan sand dunes offers a glimpse into how the first settlers of North America dealt with a universally understood tragedy: the death of offspring.
An international team of researchers, led by University of Alaska anthropological archaeologist Ben Potter, uncovered the remains of two infants in 2013 while excavating the Paleolithic Upward Sun River archaeological site near the Tanana River in central Alaska. The team published their findings online Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The two infant skeletons were found carefully positioned on their backs alongside tools and decoratively carved antlers that had been coated with ochre, suggesting that their hunter-gatherer families likely mourned and ritualized their loss in similar ways to modern humans. What's more, there is some evidence to suggest that the two may have been twins and that the first to die may have been later exhumed to be buried alongside the other, the researchers speculated.
Dr. Potter and his team discovered the burial pit about 15 inches below a previously excavated hearth that contained the cremated remains of a 3-year-old child, which had been found in 2010 by the same research team. The researchers have dated each of the three specimens to approximately 11,500 years ago and believed they are the earliest known human remains from the North American subarctic.
“One of the most intriguing aspects of the site is the differential mortuary treatment of infants and children in the burial and overlying cremation,” the researchers write. The different treatment of the remains may hold some cultural clues about how paleoindians viewed child development in terms of “naming, ensoulment, or other ideological factors.”
Based on radio-carbon dating of flora and fauna found during excavation, the researchers believe the cremation and burials were likely conducted by the same hunter-gatherer group. The presence of immature squirrels and salmon in both sites suggests that they were both buried between mid-July and early August. However, the team cannot be sure whether they occurred during the same season or subsequent seasons.
These funerary sites share several similarities with other paleoindian burial sites already recorded in the archaeological record, including the use of interment pits, the presence of ochre, and the inclusion of burial goods.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
However, one striking difference, the researchers write, is the location of the burial site within a residential area. Most burial sites in North American and Europe are situated further away from living and cooking quarters. Yet, the presence of small mammals and fish suggests that the hearth was not a designated cremation site but rather a central fire used in cooking. This could indicate that children were consciously buried close to home.
While the sample size is very small, the loss of three children in what appears to be a short period of time during early summer when food sources were likely most abundant reinforces the current theory that child mortally among subarctic hunter-gatherers was likely quite high. Further DNA analysis could potentially offer additional clues about the individuals and the rituals and customs practiced by paleoindians.
I got a 10-11 track CD.. mostly freestyles and messing around coming in mid September. $5 donation to @ renwaybgclub and you'll get a copy. — Steve Zakuani (@stevezakuani11) August 22, 2012
Won't be a physical cd.. just digital download. Going studio with @ eddie_johnson7 next week to complete the last track. — Steve Zakuani (@stevezakuani11) August 22, 2012
As has been mentioned in the past, Sounders FC midfielder Steve Zakuani will be releasing an album next month. He tweeted out some details Wednesday, including the involvement of teammate Eddie Johnson, and I've embedded those posts above.
For a sample of his work, here's his song "Quote Me" from last year.
Let's get to some links:
* * *
--- You can vote for your favorite Sounders in MLSsoccer.com's latest edition of "24 Under 24".
--- Also, Osvaldo Alonso is a finalist for U.S. Open Cup Player of the Tournament and academy product DeAndre Yedlin is listed as a former PDL player to watch in the upcoming college season.
--- Did you see Hope Solo's autobiography came out No. 3. on the New York Times bestseller list? That's the highest ever for a soccer book.
--- Around MLS, Portland Timbers GM and interim coach Gavin Wilkinson gave his defense regarding what has been a dreadful season and Houston earned a nice CCL win.
--- Here's a look ahead to the U.S. men's national team's run in World Cup qualifying. Also, here's your daily Clint Dempsey update from ProSoccerTalk. It looks like the Fulham star won't be in the squad this weekend and he continues to hold out hope for a transfer. And here's some more information on BeIN Sport, a new soccer channel that earned broadcast rights for the USMNT's road qualifiers.
President Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin talk before an economic leader meeting in Lima on Nov. 20. (Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images)
A stat has been floating around on social media for the better part of a month now: Republicans like Vladimir Putin better than they like Barack Obama. Whoa if true.
The poll is from online pollster YouGov for the Economist, and it shows the Putin vs. Obama contest isn't really that close. Putin's favorable rating among Donald Trump voters has risen to 35 percent — apparently spurred by the president-elect's qualified praise of a man once reviled by both political parties and Putin's alleged role in trying to help elect Trump. Obama's favorable rating, meanwhile, is just 9 percent among Republicans.
A couple things: First, this is just one poll. And in fact, a study from the Chicago Council on Global Affairs released before Christmas showed Republicans' views of Russia hadn't really changed much. While they gave it a rating of 38 out of 100 this summer (with 100 being good and zero being bad) and a 33 in 2014, today the number is 35.
The question in this case is about Russia and not Putin specifically, but the poll was actually conducted after YouGov's survey, so it's worth asking whether this is a legitimate trend or just a blip. Do Republicans really suddenly like Putin more but still view his country as dimly as they did before? It's certainly possible.
But second — and most importantly — even if Republicans do like Putin better than Obama, that wouldn't really be all that surprising. That nature of partisan politics these days means the other party's politicians are almost always massively unpopular with their opponents, and even a contentious foreign figure who has very limited support in the United States, like Putin, can be judged more favorably.
In fact, you only need to go back a little more than three years to find a time in which none other than Putin had a slightly better image rating among Democrats than Republican former president George W. Bush.
In September 2013, Putin was viewed favorably by 21 percent of Democrats and unfavorably by 52 percent — about 2.5-to-1 negative, according to Gallup. Just a few months prior, Gallup numbers showed George W. Bush at 3-to-1 negative — 24 percent favorable and 72 percent unfavorable — among Democrats.
The caveat here is that this was before Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine in early 2014, sending his numbers even lower in the United States. But even back then, he was clearly a very negative figure in the United States, already having stood accused of being involved in killing journalists and assassinating political opponents. And this was after Bush's own number improved five years into his post-presidency. Bush's approval rating was long in the single digits among Democrats.
As it was in 2008, which brings us to another example: Back then, at the basement of Bush's unpopularity as president, Gallup polling showed Democrats viewed him on about equal terms as Cuban dictator Fidel Castro. While Democrats split 7 percent favorable and 80 percent unfavorable on Castro, they split 6-91 on Bush.
Similarly, Gallup polling in 2007 showed 13 percent of Democrats had a favorable opinion of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, versus 50 percent unfavorable — better than Bush's numbers. A few months prior, he had called Bush “the devil” at the United Nations. Whether because of that or for other reasons, Democrats seemed to like Chavez better.
In these cases, of course, it's relatively close between the foreign leader and Bush. But it's worth emphasizing here that our country has become so polarized that such things are possible. When the other party's president has an approval rating in the single digits with one side, it doesn't take much to surpass them. In fact, a similar number of Democratic voters liked Putin (13 percent) as liked Trump (11 percent) back in YouGov's July-August survey.
At the time, Putin was already at 26 percent favorable with Trump voters, and that is a bigger and increasing gap than these other comparisons — no question. But if anything, that's notable not because Putin is more popular, but just how much he's in better shape. If 35 percent of Trump voters really do suddenly like Putin, that's pretty striking — given Putin was hugely unpopular with Republicans before Trump's campaign. Clearly, Republicans — including GOP lawmakers — have warmed to the Russian leader.
But the fact that more Republicans like an adversarial foreign leader than Obama, in context, really isn't all that shocking. And it's liable to happen again in the years to come.
Scott Clement contributed to this post.
precision mediump float; attribute vec3 position; attribute vec2 tc; uniform mat4 projMat; uniform mat4 modelMat; uniform float secs; uniform int strlen; varying vec3 vPosition; varying vec2 vTextureCoord; void main(void) { gl_Position = projMat * modelMat * vec4( position.x + 150.0 - mod(50.0 * secs, 6.0 * float(strlen) + 300.0) + cos(secs * 3.0), (position.y - 4.5) * (.5 + 2.0 * cos(position.x + secs * 4.0)) + 20.0 * cos(position.x + secs * 2.0), position.z + 40.0 * cos(position.x + secs * 3.0), 1.0); vPosition = position; vTextureCoord = tc; }
precision mediump float; varying vec3 vPosition; varying vec2 vTextureCoord; uniform sampler2D texture; uniform float secs; /* Stolen from Sam Hocevar. See: * https://gamedev.stackexchange.com/a/59808 */ vec3 hsv2rgb(vec3 c) { vec4 K = vec4(1.0, 2.0 / 3.0, 1.0 / 3.0, 3.0); vec3 p = abs(fract(c.xxx + K.xyz) * 6.0 - K.www); return c.z * mix(K.xxx, clamp(p - K.xxx, 0.0, 1.0), c.y); } void main(void) { vec4 t = texture2D(texture, vTextureCoord); gl_FragColor = vec4(hsv2rgb(vec3( vPosition.x * .01 + vPosition.y * .01 + secs * .5, 1.0, 1.0 )), t.a); }
“Any reciprocal measures limiting bilateral trade were lifted at midnight on Aug. 19. Belarus will not license the imports of beer, confectionary and other products. Ukraine will not apply special duties varying from 50 percent to 60 percent,” Director of the Belarusian Foreign Ministry's Foreign Economic Department Igor Nazaruk said at a press briefing in Minsk on Aug. 21.
“We are monitoring the situation and, to our knowledge, the conflict has been resolved,” he said.
Nazaruk reminded reporters that the Belarusian licensing of imported Ukrainian commodities aimed to restore order on the market.
“The pricing is back to normal. Bilateral agreements definitely say that any mutual claims shall be resolved at consultations and our actions will not be targeted against the partner,” he indicated.
As to the implications of mutual trade limits, Nazaruk said the republic had seen a decline in foreign trade volumes.
“But in the case of confectionary products and sugar, there has been 20 percent growth rather than a decline in that half a year. And those commodities had been subject to licensing until Aug. 19,” he stressed.
The ministry worker said such situations should be taken calmly. “We should stay calm; this is the question of entrepreneurial activities of business entities,” Nazaruk said.
I, for one, am... honored, that you crafted this amazing game for me. For this, I give you an extra star.
Now... don't get me wrong, I really appreciate the unlimited mags high-accuracy machine gun, along with the epic jet-pack an scuba gear, but I always pack my signature blue sword with me. Oh, must've locked it in the rocket again...
Of course, I don't take too much offense by being shot at by those barbarian machines. It's only natural when I begin slaughtering the planet's inhabitants - I would be a bit offended too. Especially when you feel betrayed by your own lock-down system that buys the pelts of your family... Oh, but they'll get over it, I'm sure. Eventually.
There could have been some improvements. I suggest music to make things a bit more fun, and make the bosses tougher. It was all too easy for me, especially the final boss, whoever/whatever that was. There is a glitch that lets you shoot after you die, if you died shooting. And... I ended up with 14 extra crystals at the end, so figure out something for that, please. A re-make or sequel would be nice.
This bill look to improve accountability at the Dept. of Veterans Affairs (VA) by allowing the VA to dismiss employees — including executive service employees — for misconduct or poor performance, while ensuring that whistleblowers can't be fired in retaliation for reporting misconduct. It also would streamline the VA's authority to rescind an employee's bonus or relocation reimbursement, or allow reduction to their retirement pension if they're convicted of a felony related to their work performance.
Senior executive service employees at the VA could be suspended, involuntarily reassigned, demoted, or removed for misconduct or performance following the completion of a VA-internal grievance process that must be completed within 21 days. Non-senior executive service employees could be removed, demoted, or suspended for more than 14 days pending a Merit Systems Protection Board appeals that would have to be completed within 180 days and would be subject to review by a federal circuit court.
The bill would also establish an Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection for employees to expose major problems without fear of retaliation. The VA would be required to train supervisors on the rights of whistleblowers; address reports of a hostile work environment; manage, motivate, and reward employees; and manage employees performing at an unaceptable level. Additionally, the VA would be required to provide reports to Congress on employee morale and the types of administrative action taken against employees and their effectiveness in disciplining employees.
The VA secretary would be authorized to directly appoint individuals to the positions of Medical Center Director and Director of Veterans Integrated Service Network (VISN) if they have demonstrated ability in the medical profession, healthcare administration, or healthcare fiscal management.
Story highlights One man has been arrested, another is making arrangements to surrender
Authorities say a part from the 2005 Porsche Carrera GT was stolen
It was taken off the back of a tow truck that was hauling away the burnt wreckage
Paul Walker died when the sports car he was riding in crashed and caught on fire
Los Angeles Authorities have arrested a man accused of swiping a piece of the wrecked sports car that "Fast & Furious" star Paul Walker was riding in when he died in a fiery crash Saturday.
The theft occurred at a stop light as the charred 2005 Porsche Carrera GT was being removed from the accident scene on a flatbed tow truck late Saturday, according to the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department.
"A witness saw a male exit a vehicle that was following the tow truck," the sheriff's department said Friday. "The male grabbed a piece of the wrecked Porsche off the tow truck bed."
Authorities later arrested 18-year-old Jameson Witty in Tujunga, California. A red T-top roof panel was recovered from a residence in Canyon Country. Both are in the Santa Clarita area, where the accident happened.
A second suspect has also been identified and is making arrangements to surrender himself, the sheriff's department said.
Photos: Paul Walker: Life in the fast lane Photos: Paul Walker: Life in the fast lane Paul Walker, a star of the "Fast & Furious" movie franchise, died in a car crash on November 30, 2013. He was 40. Here's a look at his career through the years. Hide Caption 1 of 15 Photos: Paul Walker: Life in the fast lane Walker with Tyrese Gibson, Michelle Rodriguez and Ludacris in "Furious 7," which had mostly completed filming when Walker died. Many fans got emotional upon seeing Walker onscreen in the movie, which earned $143 million its first weekend. Hide Caption 2 of 15 Photos: Paul Walker: Life in the fast lane Walker's role as Brian O'Conner in the "Fast & Furious" franchise (here with Vin Diesel in the sixth film) helped make the actor a star. Hide Caption 3 of 15 Photos: Paul Walker: Life in the fast lane Walker and Jordana Brewster -- who played his love interest, Mia, in the films -- in "Fast 5." Hide Caption 4 of 15 Photos: Paul Walker: Life in the fast lane Kevin Rankin and Walker appear in "Pawn Shop Chronicles," a 2013 film about a missing wedding ring that sets off a wild goose chase. Hide Caption 5 of 15 Photos: Paul Walker: Life in the fast lane Walker also had a starring role in the 2013 film "Hours," about a man trying to keep his daughter alive after Hurricane Katrina. Hide Caption 6 of 15 Photos: Paul Walker: Life in the fast lane The actor was part of a band of thieves in the 2010 movie "Takers." Hide Caption 7 of 15 Photos: Paul Walker: Life in the fast lane Brooklynn Proulx and Walker in the 2008 film "The Lazarus Project." Hide Caption 8 of 15 Photos: Paul Walker: Life in the fast lane Walker, left, and Barry Pepper were U.S. Marines in the 2006 drama "Flags of Our Fathers." Hide Caption 9 of 15 Photos: Paul Walker: Life in the fast lane Walker appears in the 2005 action film "Into the Blue," which also starred Jessica Alba. Hide Caption 10 of 15 Photos: Paul Walker: Life in the fast lane Tyrese Gibson took over for Diesel opposite Walker in 2003's "2 Fast 2 Furious." Hide Caption 11 of 15 Photos: Paul Walker: Life in the fast lane Walker appeared in 2001's "The Fast and the Furious," the first movie in the franchise. Hide Caption 12 of 15 Photos: Paul Walker: Life in the fast lane Walker, center, appeared in "Skulls" with Leslie Bibb and Joshua Jackson in 2000. Hide Caption 13 of 15 Photos: Paul Walker: Life in the fast lane Walker and Freddie Prinze Jr. co-starred in the popular 1999 teen film "She's All That." Hide Caption 14 of 15 Photos: Paul Walker: Life in the fast lane Walker's first major role was opposite Reese Witherspoon in the 1998 film "Pleasantville." Hide Caption 15 of 15
JUST WATCHED Touching tribute to Walker's legacy Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Touching tribute to Walker's legacy 02:03
JUST WATCHED Paul Walker did 'most generous thing' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Paul Walker did 'most generous thing' 01:44
JUST WATCHED New questions about Paul Walker's death Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH New questions about Paul Walker's death 01:15
JUST WATCHED Driver: Porsche is like a wild animal Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Driver: Porsche is like a wild animal 02:31
Investigators have asked the district attorney to consider charges of felony grand theft and tampering with evidence against both men.
The accident
The crash took place on a wide street in a business park in Santa Clarita, about 30 miles north of Hollywood. Walker was attending a holiday toy donation event for his charity, Reach Out WorldWide, when he hopped into the car, witnesses said.
The Porsche, which was one of only a few hundred made, was on display at the event, which was held at a high-performance car shop owned by Roger Rodas, who was driving the car.
Minutes after the two men drove away, people at the event heard the crash about 500 yards away, witnesses said.
Autopsy results
A one-page preliminary autopsy report released by the Los Angeles County coroner's office Wednesday listed the cause of the actor's death as the "combined effects of traumatic and thermal injuries."
An autopsy concluded that Rodas, who was driving the red Porsche Carrera GT, suffered "multiple traumatic injuries," but it was not clear in the report if he was still alive when the car burst into flames soon after the wreck.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
The release of secret US Embassy cables by WikiLeaks has provoked a maelstrom in Haitian politics, threatening the approval of a prime minister–designate, damaging the career of a leading right-wing politician, and throwing Haiti's tiny and ultra-rich elite into a paroxysm of public mea culpas. Ad Policy
“So it is with humility and simplicity devoid of artifice that I want to offer my sincere apologies, ” wrote Fritz Mevs, a leading member of one of Haiti's richest families, in an open letter to Senator Youri Latortue, one of Haiti's most powerful right-wing politicians and a key ally of new President Michel Martelly. “I probably got carried away…and I confess that the words that I could have spoken in no way reflect my thoughts.”
“I recognize the qualities of a fervent patriot, a tireless servant of the interests of your country,” he added. “I stand ready to make honorable amends by publicly correcting any damage to your reputation,”
Mevs was walking back claims he made in a May 2005 meeting with former US Ambassador James Foley that Senator Latortue was part of a “cabal” of business and political elites that controlled a network of dirty cops and gangs that thrived on narco-trafficking and generated political violence and instability.
Mevs's apology came the same week that a further batch of State Department cables reported by the weekly newspaper Haïti Liberté described Youri Latortue as a “mafia boss,” “drug dealer” and the “the most brazenly corrupt of leading Haitian politicians.”
Latortue denies the allegations and has threatened a lawsuit against Haïti Liberté. He did not respond to calls from The Nation seeking comment for this story.
Meanwhile, parliamentary approval for President Michel Martelly's pick for prime minister, Bernard Gousse, took a major blow with the publication of secret US Embassy reports that he was a “complete failure both on the security and justice fronts” when he served as justice minister under the de facto coup government that followed the overthrow of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in February 2004.
As Justice Minister, Gousse presided over repeated police and paramilitary assaults on suspected pro-Aristide neighborhoods that resulted in the deaths and jailing of thousands of people.
The UN occupation chief at that time, Juan Gabriel Valdés, felt that “replacing Gousse would be a good thing for both justice and security in Haiti,” reported Ambassador Foley in a May 2005 cable.
“Gousse has been the strongest single force behind the persecution of political prisoners in Haiti,” said Brian Concannon Jr., director of the Institute for Justice and Democracy in Haiti.
When former dictator Jean-Claude Duvalier, currently under investigation and house arrest, returned to Haiti in January this year, Gousse argued against his prosecution in an op-ed for the Haitian daily newspaper Le Nouvelliste. As Justice Minister, Gousse commended right-wing death-squad leader Louis-Jodel Chamblain, a key player in the notorious US Defense Intelligence Agency–backed FRAPH, for his “great service to the nation” and suggested he could be pardoned.
“As an official in 2004 and more recently as an independent lawyer, Gousse has shown a troubling disregard for Haiti's obligation to prosecute human rights crimes,” Amanda Klasing, an expert on Haiti for Human Rights Watch, told Haïti Liberté.
Sixteen of thirty Haitian senators have written to President Martelly asking for him to rescind the nomination. The Senators said in a resolution that Gousse was unacceptable for the “repression, arbitrary arrests and killings in the neighborhoods of Port-au-Prince” that were carried out under his auspices in 2004 and 2005.
In early June, Haïti Liberté began releasing articles based on the trove of 1,918 secret US Embassy cables that WikiLeaks made available to the Haitian weekly newspaper. The Nation published its own series of articles based on those cables.
In a May 2005 cable, Ambassador Foley reported on efforts by the small Haitian elite to turn the Haitian National Police into their own private army by supplying weapons to the fledgling force.
Haiti's private sector elite has been a key US ally in promoting Washington's agenda in the country, from free trade and privatization of state enterprises to twice ousting Jean-Bertrand Aristide followed by US and UN military occupations.
Haitian businessman Fritz Mevs was one of the main sources for the “private army” allegation.
Mevs told the embassy that the president of the Haitian Chamber of Commerce, Reginald Boulos, had “distributed arms to the police and had called on others to do so in order to provide cover to his own actions.” Boulos currently sits on the board of President Bill Clinton's Interim Haiti Recovery Commission (IHRC), which controls the spending of billions donated to rebuild Haiti after the January 12, 2010. quake.
Mevs told Ambassador Foley that “Haiti's real enemy and the true source of insecurity [was] a small nexus of drug-dealers and political insiders that control a network of dirty cops and gangs that not only were responsible for committing the kidnappings and murders, but were also frustrating the efforts of well-meaning government officials and the international community to confront them.”
At the center of this cabal, according to Mevs, was prominent attorney Gary Lissade, formerly a lead counsel for the military government of Gen. Raoul Cédras in the early 1990s. Today, Lissade sits, alongside Reginald Boulos, on the board of the Clinton co-chaired IHRC. Attempts to reach Lissade and Boulos for comment through the IHRC were unsuccessful.
Foley wrote that although his embassy “cannot confirm whether the alleged cabal of political insiders allied with South American narco-traffickers is controlling the gangs, we have seen indications of alliances between drug dealers, criminal gangs and political forces that could threaten to make just such a scenario possible via the election of narco-funded politicians.”
Some political observers fear that this may be the situation in Haiti today.
The publication of the cable sparked an extraordinary mea culpa by the Mevs family. In an open letter published in the Haitian daily Le Nouvelliste, the family spokesperson, Gregory Mevs, said it “deplores any infringement of integrity and honor of all individuals directly or indirectly involved in this article.”
The letter then went on to praise the individuals that had been linked to narco-trafficking and kidnapping in Foley's May 2005 cable:
Senator Youri Latortue is an honorable man and committed to the advancement of the country. Known for his open-mindedness and his vision, his commitment alongside the Haitian people is recognized by all. He is considered one of the most brilliant men of his generation. Gary Lissade is one of the best known lawyers in Haiti, enjoying an impeccable reputation. He has engaged himself many times during his career in various initiatives for the good of the community. He is the Mevs family lawyer for over 25 years and continues to be so at this time. Dr. Reginald Boulos is an entrepreneur and personal friend of the family. Known for his civic involvement for the private sector, concerned with social and civic responsibilities, he enjoys a reputation as being an honest and dynamic businessman.
The letter concludes: “The family wishes to express the Mevs respect for all those involved in public life or civic activities. The nation owes them gratitude for their solidarity and commitment.”
The apologies and latest revelations have lit up Haitian radio stations and the blogosphere. Joe Emersberger, one of the editors of the website HaitiAnalysis.com, summed up the episode: “The letter by Fritz Mevs to Youri Latortue reads like a fear-ridden apology to Don Corleone.”
A Winnipeg mom says she's living a 'CFS nightmare' amidst an investigation by the Child and Family Services System over complaints that she slaps her children across the face as discipline and has conflict in the home.
Cynthia Ramos-Murray and her family say they're in a 'CFS nightmare' after someone alleged she physically disciplines her children, prompting investigation (Trevor Brine/CBC) Cynthia Ramos-Murray says her 11-year-old daughter was pulled out of class by a CFS social worker last Tuesday. She was asked about how her parents disciplined her, whether she felt safe and whether there was fighting in the home.
Both reports, according to Ramos-Murray, are completely false.
"It's been hell," she said.
"It's the most stressful situation I've been through, realizing what was actually happening. I cried for almost a day."
She said the most troubling part is she doesn't know who made the 'baseless' complaints.
"We don't physically discipline our children," she said, explaining they take away 'luxuries' or put them in time outs for misbehaviour.
"If my husband and I have a conflict, we deal with it once they're in bed. We have no time to argue, we are so busy with dance and swimming and soccer and just doing family time," she said.
On Thursday, the social worker visited Ramos-Murray and did the safety assessment, asking a long list of questions.
"About my home life, my marriage, how we discipline our kids, past practices that we bring over from our family," said Ramos-Murray, who identifies as a proud member of Winnipeg's Filipino community. Cynthia Ramos-Murray posts her frustration with CFS on her Facebook page. She has received many messages of support. (Facebook)
"She looked around our house making sure the kids have proper sleeping areas."
When Ramos-Murray asked if the file would be closed, the worker told her no— not yet anyway. The case is now under review.
"It was just really hard to feel comfortable in our own home," said Ramos-Murray.
"It was an invasion of privacy that really hurt." Two days later, Ramos-Murray said a social worker called to say they'd received two reports from someone regarding her eldest daughter: that there was conflict in the home, and that she and her husband use physical discipline by 'slapping their children across the face.'Both reports, according to Ramos-Murray, are completely false."It's been hell," she said."It's the most stressful situation I've been through, realizing what was actually happening. I cried for almost a day."She said the most troubling part is she doesn't know who made the 'baseless' complaints."We don't physically discipline our children," she said, explaining they take away 'luxuries' or put them in time outs for misbehaviour."If my husband and I have a conflict, we deal with it once they're in bed. We have no time to argue, we are so busy with dance and swimming and soccer and just doing family time," she said.On Thursday, the social worker visited Ramos-Murray and did the safety assessment, asking a long list of questions."About my home life, my marriage, how we discipline our kids, past practices that we bring over from our family," said Ramos-Murray, who identifies as a proud member of Winnipeg's Filipino community."She looked around our house making sure the kids have proper sleeping areas."When Ramos-Murray asked if the file would be closed, the worker told her no— not yet anyway. The case is now under review."It was just really hard to feel comfortable in our own home," said Ramos-Murray."It was an invasion of privacy that really hurt."
Sandie Stoker is the executive director of Child and Family All Nations Co-ordinated Response Network, otherwise known as ANCR, an intake agency for CFS.
The agency looks into all complaints of inappropriate physical discipline.
"Our first step is to go and interview children in a safe and neutral environment, like at school or another area where there are no outside influences, ensuring there are no leading questions," said Stoker, adding while CFS does not support any form of physical discipline, only discipline using an 'implement' or force to the head is illegal.
Stoker says many of the complaints they receive are unsubstantiated upon investigation, but it's rare that a person calls in a complaint out of malice rather than concern. Stoker said the agency can pursue a summary conviction against someone calling in false complaints, though to her knowledge it's never happened before.
​Ramos-Murray said the experience has been 'devastating' for her and her husband.
"It's ludicrous, I think it's sad, unfortunate, overblown," said Jason Murray.
"It's unfortunate that a service like this gets sent on a wild goose chase basically, like if you ask anybody that knows Cynthia and me, they'd tell you that we're incapable of doing what we're being accused of.
"For me to even hear that a child is being abused in any way, shape or form, I can't stand to hear that."
Ramos-Murray posted about the experience on Facebook and has received a flood of support from friends and family members. She said her daughter's teacher reassured her that she has no concerns; others have offered to vouch for her to CFS.
"We definitely don't want to disempower parents, that is not our intention at all, but we do want to make sure that children are safe and healthy and that's within their families," said Stoker.
Ramos-Murray agrees the CFS has a job to keep children safe; she just wishes they had a way of quickly filtering out complaints that are un-founded.
"We don't know how to parent our kids any more. We feel like we're under a microscope. We feel that we're going to be criticized or judged now," said Ramos-Murray.
"I just feel that my natural ability to parent my kids has been stripped away from me. Because it's everybody else's opinion now," sayd Ramos- Murray.
Ramos-Murray says she has an idea of whom the person might be who made the complaint, but doesn't plan to follow up with them, and instead hopes the case is closed so she and her family can move on.
"Even if it is a false claim, my name will never be removed from their system. It's really disappointing. It's unnecessary hardship on a lot of families," she said.
When asked about whether the allegations had actually happened to her, Ramos-Murray's 11 year old daughter replied emphatically "No, and I've never said that ever."
​Ramos-Murray says she's always considered herself a good parent and person, taking pride in volunteering for her community and in being the best mom she can be.
"For someone to just be able to pick up a phone and ruin that, it's devastating."
The Jakarta administration has decided to cancel its contract with monorail project operator PT Jakarta Monorail (JM) to develop the monorail routes proposed by the firm.
The problematic monorail project began in 2004 under then governor Sutiyoso.
The construction resumed in October 2013, with JM as contractor. However, its construction has not progressed following disagreements between the city and the company. Moreover, the city administration is doubtful of the company's ability to fund the project.
Governor Basuki 'Ahok' Tjahaja Purnama said that the city was currently drafting a letter to JM to end cooperation.
'We have decided that the project cannot go on with PT Jakarta Monorail. We will send a letter to the company to cancel cooperation and halt all activities,' Ahok told reporters after a meeting with apparatus working units at City Hall in Central Jakarta on Monday.
Ahok went on that the route JM proposed to build was not feasible. JM had planned to construct the first route, the green line, extending 14.3 kilometers from the city police headquarters (Komdak) to Satria Mandala Museum, both in South Jakarta, including 16 stations.
The stations and depot were to be built in Tanah Abang in Central Jakarta and Setiabudi in South Jakarta, among other places. Ahok said that the station in Tanah Abang would increase traffic congestion in the area as it would be built on existing roads. Meanwhile, he said, the planned station in Setiabudi would be built on a reservoir. 'It is written in the laws that existing reservoirs cannot be touched,' he said.
JM also proposed to build a blue line, a 13.7-km route extending from Kampung Melayu in East Jakarta to Grogol in West Jakarta, with 14 stations.
Ahok added that the city would consider continuing monorail construction through a new tender.
'If JM still wants to develop the monorail system in Jakarta, they must compete with other companies through a tender. They must also propose different routes. The current routes are not feasible,' he said.
Separately, regional secretary Saefullah said that the city was ready for any repercussions from JM.
'We expect that there will be legal problems when we cancel the contract, but it is better that way rather than leaving the project in limbo,' Saefullah said.
Meanwhile, JM director Sukmawati said that the firm had not received an official letter or confirmation from the city administration and therefore declined to comment on the matter.
'We are still waiting for the letter so we can't comment yet. Pak Ahok has already threatened to cancel the city's contract with JM once, last October,' Sukmawati said via text message on Monday.
She also revealed that the firm had been in intensive discussions with the city administration and the National Development Planning Board (Bappenas) on technical issues in the construction, but that Ahok had yet to attend.
'Its strange that the city would cancel the contract over station or depot location because there are many alternatives and solutions. Our main obstacle is that we do not have the support of the governor or the bureaucracy [...] the fate of the Jakarta monorail construction is in the hands of the governor now,' she said.
VICTORIA — Tucked inside a story out of New York this week was eyebrow-raising news about the B.C. Liberal government proposal to build a hydroelectric dam at Site C on the Peace River.
Premier Christy Clark, in the course of an interview with the Bloomberg news service, disclosed that the government was now looking at a cost estimate of $8.5 billion for the project, a number not previously shared with the B.C. public.
When I first saw the report late Wednesday afternoon, I wondered if New Yorkers had worked the exchange rate between Canadian and American dollars in the wrong direction.
For the B.C. Liberals had stubbornly defended a $7.9-billion budget figure for Site C through multiple expressions of doubt by critics and skeptics of every kind.
Officially, according to project proponent BC Hydro, the budget was “a bottom-up cost estimate based on the project's upgraded design and detailed construction schedule, with updated market prices for labour, equipment and materials.”
Moreover, “an external peer review by KPMG determined both the process for developing the assumptions and the construction of the financial model used in the cost estimates were appropriate.”
Contingencies, interest during construction, an allowance for inflation — all were built in to the budget. Again and again, the Liberals insisted that the $7.9 billion was as solid as, well, a giant earthfill dam.
Would the premier really choose to revise the cost estimate by $600 million, several thousand kilometres and three time zones away from the folks who'll be stuck with the already hefty tab for this megaproject?
Well, yes, as it turned out. That was precisely what she did.
Asking around late Wednesday, I was advised that the government had challenged Hydro for a revised cost accounting on the project, and Clark, being aware of the pending revision, had chosen to share the higher number with Bloomberg.
Later in the evening I caught up with Energy Minister Bill Bennett to ask what happened to change his take-it-to-the-bank figure of $7.9 billion.
Nothing, he insisted. That was still the baseline budget for the project. But the government had pressed Hydro for additional “scenarios” on Site C and it was the cost estimate for one of those scenarios that the premier cited.
I wondered what sort of scenarios. But Bennett insisted he could say no more. The matter was before cabinet. His oath of confidentiality had to take precedence.
So, as the day ended it looked as if the B.C. Liberals had announced a $600 million revision in the cost of the most expensive public project in provincial history, while offering zero explanation for the change.
There matters stood until Thursday afternoon when BC Hydro, prodded by my colleague Rob Shaw, responded with an explanation, such as it was.
“Government asked us to develop a cost estimate that would have greater contingencies for unforeseen costs such as higher-than-forecast inflation or interest rate fluctuations that are different than anticipated,” it said. “We can confirm that $8.5 billion is within the range of the revised cost estimate.”
Note the $8.5 billion is said to be “within the range,” suggesting a higher estimate might be forthcoming from the process of revision set in motion by the Liberals.
Tens of thousands of people took to the streets of the capital today to celebrate London Pride. A joyous carnival atmosphere prevailed, 50 years after homosexuality was decriminalised in the UK. But there were some negative sentiments, reserved mainly for the Democratic Unionist Party, now in a controversial Parliamentary pact with the Tories. Most visible was this absolutely giant balloon-adorned banner.
The best bit of #londonpride2017 was when people came together to say the DUP was shit and the Conservatives were twats for uniting w/ them pic.twitter.com/ag37EXMLH4 — Dadbadook 🌹 (@Swoocetoot) July 8, 2017
It became the centrepiece of a number of social media posts.
A post shared by Yasmin Saoirse (@yasminsaoirse) on Jul 8, 2017 at 7:01am PDT
Owen Jones even took time out to pose under it.
A substantial part of the march at one point dedicated a chant to the Northern Ireland party.
we marched down Oxford st to #LondonPride "No DUP No May, They're racist, sexist, anti gay"! #lovehappenshere #Pride2017 Pride is a protest! pic.twitter.com/AmDq1ccglt — Movement for Justice (@followMFJ) July 8, 2017
Individuals also made their opinions very clear.
With our moronic PM making deals with DUP homophobes today is about being proud and very very loud. Happy pride London has a ball x pic.twitter.com/82WQYk0HTk — Con O'Neill (@cononeilluk) July 8, 2017
There also ire directed at Prime Minister Theresa May whose pre-recorded speech paying tribute to Pride was played at the event as well as being posted to her official social media accounts.
The absolute stones of Theresa May making a speech at #LondonPride only weeks after aligning with the DUP 😒😒😒😒 pic.twitter.com/G18kHVTYVH — James Bainbridge (@JimBainbridge94) July 8, 2017
PA Wire/PA Images
Lol is this statement propped up by the DUP because if not I want my £1.5billion back https://t.co/jYCwIk3Sk3 — Jack Monroe (@MxJackMonroe) July 8, 2017
Elsewhere, a gloriously polite zero-tolerance approach to homophobia on the day was displayed typified by this response to a Mr Paul Rimmer.
Today we march to celebrate how far we've come and for all those across the world who still aren't allowed to be themselves #PrideInLondon pic.twitter.com/HjtD0NcN3g — Wayne Dhesi 🏳️‍🌈 (@WayneDavid81) July 8, 2017
Sodomy is an Abomination to God.Either we Repent or God will hand our Home over to Islam & we will be cleansed by the Sword. — Paul Rimmer (@PaulPdr1962) July 8, 2017
And in the interests of balance here is a picture of anti-Pride protestors.
Great day out for #londonpride2017🏳️‍🌈 but it didn't pass without its protesters 😂 pic.twitter.com/ToQNGEyj8X — 🧀 NYcheesy 🧀 (@NYcheesy) July 8, 2017
Politics aside, one very different group who couldn't be given enough praise were the members of the emergency services who responded to recent terror attacks and the Grenfell fire disaster.
They were among the thousands making their way through the city as the march set off on Saturday afternoon. Staff from the Metropolitan Police, London Ambulance Service and London Fire Brigade were nominated to launch the parade after helping in response to recent tragic events in the capital, organisers said.
Neil Hall / Reuters Traffic cop.
They joined flag bearers representing countries around the world, including those where it is still illegal to be LGBT Plus. More than 26,000 people were estimated to be taking part in the parade, which began north of Oxford Circus on Regent Street, watched by a which was expected to number around one million. The parade, taking a 1.4 mile (2.3km) route through the city, comes after what is believed to be the world's largest Pride festival, with over 100 events having taken place since Saturday June 24.
Even the police getting into the spirit at #londonpride2017 pic.twitter.com/yHTf6SZSHX — Lucy Thomas (@lucycthomas) July 8, 2017
The large-scale event is taking place as the country's threat level remains at severe, with police warning people to be vigilant as they enjoy the celebrations. The Met said it is involved in high visibility police patrols, including both armed and unarmed officers, as well as plain clothes officers. The march is also marking 50 years since the Sexual Offences Act 1967, which decriminalised homosexuality in England and Wales. In a message released ahead of the parade Mrs May, who is currently in Germany at the G20, reiterated the UK's pledge to encourage other countries to ensure equal rights for all, regardless of sexual orientation, and to take a stand against hate crime at home. She said: “Around the world, cruel and discriminatory laws still exist – some of them directly based on the very laws which were repealed in this country 50 years ago.
Louisville, Pitt, Rutgers and Syracuse are on their way out. Boise State and San Diego State left before they were even in. Basketball-only schools will be next, and there is no question that this version of the Big East hardly resembles its earlier self.
With that, we wonder: Should the Big East keep its name moving forward? We'd love to hear from you.
Andrea: There is one very simple way to answer the Big East name change question.
Q: How many Big East teams remain from the first year the league began playing football in 1991?
A: One. Temple.
That, my friends, is exactly why the Big East should politely hand over its conference name to the breakaway hoops schools and start over. Because nothing in this current/future league iteration shouts Big East.
Do you know what does? A conga line snaking out the door, of 19 schools that have hit the road since 2004. If anything, the Big East name in football has become synonymous with departure. Abandonment. Eye rolls. Laughter. That is a major problem, no matter the fancy re-branding efforts that the league will undertake once it has added a 12th school and solidified its television situation.
Because commissioner Mike Aresco has been telling anyone who would listen that his league is going to survive, be stronger, play good football. To look at the facts, not the misperceptions. Well, nobody is listening because they are snickering, what with the radical membership change in the last two years.
The best -- and only -- way to re-brand is to start over. Pretend as if the Big East name never existed. Because of all these departures -- and the failed Manifest Destiny expansion West -- the perception has been irreparably harmed. Why would the Big East want to hang on to a name that is now universally derided? Let's be honest. The Big East was NEVER a football conference. Not when it began playing football, not when Miami won a national championship in 2001, not when schools began leaving in 2004.
So there is no point in starting now that the name has been completely tarnished. There is no reason to continually remind people about what could have been in the Big East. Given the changing dynamics -- the playoff system, no guaranteed spot in an elite-level tie-in game, a smaller piece of the revenue distribution pie -- it is more important than ever that the Big East focus on what is to come.
That means letting go of the past and embracing the future, with a new direction and a new name.
Matt: If we are going to have a conversation about numbers and names and conferences, and if we are going to look at reality as it relates to each of those things, then all we must do is look at the other automatic qualifying leagues.
OK ... all except the Pac-12, that is.
Still, if the Big Ten can get away with the name of its brand despite venturing out East with no end in sight, and if the Big 12 can keep its misplaced title as well, why shouldn't the Big East, which remains mostly east?
With the backing out of future football-only members Boise State and San Diego State to return to the Mountain West Conference, all of the Big East's current or incoming schools but Houston, Memphis, SMU and Tulane are located in the Eastern time zone, which actually makes it much more regional than most BCS conferences.
That Midwest consortium of schools known as the Big Ten? Eight of its 14 schools run on Eastern time.
The SouthEASTERN conference? Nine of its 14 schools run on Central time.
Heck, even the numerically correct Pac-12 has four schools that are not located in the Pacific Time Zone.
The "Catholic Seven" is a fancy name, one that is more than fitting for a group of schools that has decided to take its collective interests elsewhere. It's not like former Conference-USA members DePaul and Marquette ooze Big East tradition, unless you count DePaul's annual season-ending, one-and-done trip to Madison Square Garden for the conference tournament. (And new partner Tulane is a more than capable replacement for that role, anyway.)
The simple fact of the matter is the Big East has been fighting for scraps ever since the realignment carousel really kicked into full-gear -- first in 2004, then again in 2011 -- and conceding a name to a group of schools that wishes to do business elsewhere won't give way to any sort of renaissance era for the conference.
The college landscape is funny and unpredictable. The Big 12 looked left for dead less than three years ago but has managed to survive and thrive since. The Big East may have lost future football chips in Boise State and San Diego State, but it can use this episode as a chance to re-connect with its metropolitan roots.
Roots that, by any definition, have been planted East.
Internet cult leader Shia LaBeouf's 72-hour #allmymovies marathon is over, but redditors in the Photoshop Battles community are keeping the event alive by putting their own spin on a still from the live-stream.
If you're not familiar with Photoshop Battles, here's how they work: A random photo is presented. Anybody in the community can participate. All you need to do is edit the image as you please and submit your work in the comments section.
While some made light of the actor's latest experiment, user GalacticBystander wanted to show the world that LaBeouf really is an artist:
In fact, according to user InnererSchweinehund, he's an artist of the highest caliber:
Through the billows of bong smog, visions of past co-stars appeared—and user mdavis420 was there to capture the reunion on camera:
Perhaps one day we'll look back at the actor's live-stream with the same fondness and nostalgia, as it revisits us, unbidden, in movie-theater hallucinations.
For all of redditors' best, meta-est, goofiest, Shia LaBeouf-iest works of art, check out the full Photoshop Battle thread.
And if you're wondering what LaBeouf thinks of these pictures, well, it seems he approves:
Bravo.
MLA Bhaiya Raja vs Ajeet Sarkar: Satyamve Jayate showed two diverse personalities of MLAs in the episode. First was of Bhaiya Raja, MLA Bhopal. In spite of being a goon and having of about 115 total cases and 82 serious charges against him, Bhaiya Raja was elected as a candidate for MLA. He murdered an innocent 20 year old girl (daughter of Mragendra Singh Bundela). Even after his cruelty, his wife got a ticket to elect for the next upcoming elections held in the state. However, no action was taken against him due to pressure. Not even a single complaint was registered against him. Only when Mragendra Singh Bundela filed the first complaint of his daughter's murder, he was sent to jail. DN. Gautam (Director of general police) discussed what happens when a goon comes into power. SJ 2 then invited Amit Sarkar, son of late MLA Ajeet Sarkar from Purniya. He shared how his father, who never misused his power against the common man and always strived hard for their welfare, was assassinated by the other candidate Pappu Yadav, who stood against him in the elections held in 1995. Ajeet was brutally killed and about 107 bullets were found in his body. Even though Pappu Yadav was found guilty in murdering Ajeet Sarkar , he was released from jail immediately after 14 years. This is the plight of our nation today.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu on Wednesday expressed displeasure over the Centre not yet granting special category status to the state following its bifurcation in 2014.
He also expressed unhappiness over the inadequate central support for the construction of the state's new Capital city Amaravati.
The CM conveyed his displeasure to Union Secretary (Department of Personnel and Training) Sanjay Kothari who visited the Secretariat in Hyderabad to take stock of the Government employees' distribution between Andhra
Pradesh and Telangana and also the implementation of the AP Reorganisation Act, 2014.
Naidu discussed the issues with Kothari through video-conferencing from Vijayawada and wanted the latter to convey his feelings to the Centre.
Special category states get significant central grants and a slew of sops for various sectors.
An official release later said the Chief Minister lamented the inadequate assistance from the Centre for the capital construction.
"People (of AP) didn't want the division but the Congress indiscriminately split the State. It paid a heavy political price for it. Justice has not yet been done to AP in many respects," the Chief Minister told Kothari.
He wanted the Centre to complete distribution of employees between the two states in a proper manner.
"The attitude that we will do something only when asked for is not right. Explain the current situation in AP and the agony of the people to the Prime Minister," he told the Union Secretary.
The Chief Minister also pointed out that at least Rs 5 lakh crore would be required to build Amaravati and also establish institutes of higher learning (like IIT, IIM).
"I have been repeatedly telling this but there is not adequate assistance from the Centre," the Chief Minister regretted.
State Chief Secretary Satya Prakash Tucker and other senior officials also took part in the video-conference.
(Chicago, IL) – Goose Island Beer Company Founder, John Hall, announced at the company's quarterly meeting on Thursday that he is stepping down from his role as CEO.
According to a source, Hall will be part of a newly-formed “craft advisory board” at A-B InBev along with Chief Operating Officer, Tony Bowker. The source also says that Bowker is vacating the COO position. Neither Hall nor Bowker have responded to a request for comment.
The source also says that A-B InBev has appointed a new CEO to take over Hall's post, Vice President of Import, Craft and Specialties, Andy Goeler.
Hall's decision to step down comes twenty months after Goose Island announced that it would be sold to A-B InBev for $39 million. At the time, he wrote of the sale:
“Demand for our beers has grown beyond our capacity to serve our wholesale partners, retailers, and beer lovers. This partnership between our extraordinary artisanal brewing team and one of the best brewers in the world in Anheuser-Busch will bring resources to brew more beer here in Chicago to reach more beer drinkers, while continuing our development of new beer styles. This agreement helps us achieve our goals with an ideal partner who helped fuel our growth, appreciates our products and supports their success.”
Hall reflected on the sale back in July during an interview with The Brewing Network.
Sales have soared in the time since the acquisition and Goose Island has outsourced production of core brands to A-B InBev facilities, allowing the company to focus on the production of high-end beers at its primary facility on Fulton Street.
In September, the company began reorganizing and let go of some salespeople and other staff.
As that was happening, Goose Island was in the midst of an ambitious national rollout through the Anheuser-Busch network to all 50 states. That process will wrap up toward the end of this year.
What some craft loyalists are already dubbing as the beginning of the end is just another life milestone for Hall who recently turned 70 years of age. He began his undergraduate education at the University of Northern Iowa in 1962. He didn't start Goose Island until 26 years later in 1988.
All the same, news of Hall's move comes on the same day that Fortune Magazine posted a feature piece on big brewers entering the craft beer segment. Earlier in the week, Lagunitas founder and CEO, Tony Magee, publicly called out the company and later said that craft beer is at a “precarious inflection point.”
Fasten your seatbelts.
Update: more on Goeler, who recently turned 55, via a Forbes profile:
Since 1995, Mr. Goeler has held various positions in the Sales and Marketing Divisions at A-B, including responsibility for managing the marketing efforts behind A-B's flagship brands, Budweiser and Bud Light. Mr. Goeler earned a Master's Degree in Marketing from Fairleigh Dickinson University and a Master's Degree in International Business from Webster University. On June 28, 2011, Andrew Goeler submitted his written resignation from the Board of Directors of Craft Brewers Alliance, Inc., effective June 29, 2011.
Still developing…
Trump Says He Would Invite Putin To White House 'At The Right Time'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images
Updated at 5:40 p.m. ET
President Trump said he would invite Russian President Vladimir Putin to the White House "at the right time" when asked by a reporter on Air Force One Wednesday night.
"I don't think this is the right time, but the answer is yes I would," he said, according to a pool report released on Thursday. "Look, it's very easy for me to say absolutely, I won't. That's the easy thing for me to do, but that's the stupid thing to do."
Trump also continued to be evasive about whether he believes Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election on his behalf.
"I'm not saying it wasn't Russia," Trump said. "What I'm saying is that we have to protect ourselves no matter who it is. You know, China is very good at this. I hate to say it, North Korea is very good at this."
The comments follow a major development in the Russia-election saga this week, with revelations that Donald Trump Jr. met with a person in 2016 who he was told was working on behalf of the Russian government to help Trump's campaign.
President Trump defended the meeting again on Thursday. "Honestly, in a world of politics, most people are going to take that meeting," he said, reiterating comments he made on Wednesday to Reuters and in Paris on Thursday during a joint press conference with the French president.
Amid ongoing investigations into Russian meddling and potential ties to the Trump campaign, Trump maintained, "There's no collusion, there's no obstruction, there's no nothing. Honestly, the whole thing, it is really a media witch hunt."
Trump has equivocated on Russia's role in the election, even contradicting his own intelligence chiefs. Though he says he pressed Putin on meddling during their meeting at the Group of 20 economic fora in Germany on July 7.
He told reporters on Thursday that he couldn't believe that Putin would have favored him over Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, as the intelligence community has concluded.
"So, the next time I'm with Putin, I'm going to ask him: Who were you really for? Because I can't believe that he would have been for me. Me. Strong military, strong borders — but he cares less about the borders — but strong military, tremendous," he said.
In the conversation with reporters, which lasted about an hour, the president also discussed health care, border security and trade.
Health care, Trump noted the night before Senate Republicans released an updated revision of their bill, is "the only thing more difficult than peace between Israel and the Palestinians."
The amended Senate proposal includes provisions to appease both moderate and conservative Republicans who had concerns, but the legislation's future is still uncertain with two senators expressing their intention to vote against letting the bill move forward. That is all Senate leadership can lose to still pass the bill.
As Trump told reporters Wednesday, "You get a couple here and you say, great, and then you find out you just lost four over here. Health care is tough."
On the border wall, Trump said, "There is a very good chance we can do a solar wall" at the U.S.-Mexico border.
Trump described such a wall in June: "It creates energy, and pays for itself. And this way Mexico will have to pay much less money, and that's good."
On Wednesday, the president added, "One of the things with the wall is you need transparency. You have to be able to see through it. ... As horrible as it sounds, when they throw the large sacks of drugs over, and if you have people on the other side of the wall, you don't see them — they hit you on the head with 60 pounds of stuff? It's over."
As part of his ongoing promise to renegotiate what he has called unfair trade deals, Trump has pushed recently to revisit steel imports. He said Wednesday he is considering "quotas and tariffs. Maybe I'll do both."
The Commerce Department has been reviewing steel and aluminum imports, but restricting those imports would be controversial among steel consumers in the U.S. and with trade partners.
Victorian Labor figures reacted with fury on Wednesday to former minister Jane Garrett's plan to abandon her key marginal electorate of Brunswick and seek a safe upper house seat.
Ms Garret's left faction had to persuade, at just one day's notice, Australian Council of Trade Union's President Ged Kearney to nominate for preselection in Brunswick in a last-ditch effort to save the seat from what's expected to be a ferocious challenge from the Greens at next year's state election.
One Andrews government minister described Ms Garrett's move as "outrageous" while a senior figure on the party's left said the former minister's factional colleagues were "fuming" at being "left in the lurch".
But the condemnation was far from universal with other Labor sources saying Ms Garrett's choice was understandable, given the tough times she had endured both professionally and personally in recent years.
We probably would never know the truth of what happened that night…at least not this side of heaven!
After South African justice minister ruled that the decision to release Paramlympian Oscar Pistorius last week Friday was made ‘prematurely', thus denying the ‘Bladerunner' parole, parents of Reeva Steenkamp have in a recent interview revealed that the beautiful model had packed her bags and was ready to leave Oscar Pistorius the day he shot and killed her.
According to Barry and June Steenkamp, justice had not been served for 29-year-old Reeva, who died three years ago when Pistorius shot her four times through a bathroom door at his home in Pretoria, South Africa. ‘He killed her. He admits he killed her,' Ms Steenkamp said as she questioned the South African justice system during an emotionally charged interview with Australian Channel Seven's Sunday Night. ‘Why didn't he just let her walk away?' the heartbroken mother asked. Pistorius did admit to killing Steenkamp; he however claims he acted in self defense, believing his girlfriend was in fact an intruder.
While the Steenkamp family can momentarily take solace in knowing that Pistorius is still behind bars, the couple said they will not find peace until the justice system recognises that something more sinister happened the night their vivacious daughter was killed.
Baku, April 27, AZERTAC
United Nations High Representatıve for the Allıance of Civilizatıons Nassir Abdulaziz Al-Nasser has hailed Azerbaijan`s experience of developing and promoting multiculturalism.
“Let's take as a model how Azerbaijan succeeded in using multiculturalism as an asset to build inclusive societies, and how we can learn from its experience,” he told Breakout Session “Baku Process: Responding to New Challenge for Global Intercultural Dialogue”.
“I would like to thank President IlhamAliyev for hosting this Forum. I welcome his commitment towards promoting cultural diversity and intercultural dialogue, in particular through the proclamation of 2016 as the Year of Multiculturalism in Azerbaijan and the “Baku Process”.
“As you know, the “Baku Process” started in 2008, with a view to providing avenues for constructive cooperation on tolerance, mutual understanding, and for the promotion of dialogue, peace and diversity. The “Baku Process” has become a real platform that enables people worldwide to support intercultural dialogue and promote peaceful and inclusive societies,” said Mr Al-Nasser.
“The United Nations Alliance of Civilizations is supporting the initiative as it aims at enabling and encouraging people and communities worldwide to take concrete measures towards promoting diversity, dialogue and mutual understanding among nations.”
“Azerbaijan, because of its geographical position and ethnic composition of its population, has chosen to use cultural diversity as an asset and adopted multiculturalism as a public policy. And I welcome this decision,” he added.
Thye breakout session as moderated by Mike Hardy, Coventry University Professor and Director of Centre for Trust, Peace and Social Relations.
Speakers included Abdulaziz Othman Altwairji, Director General, Islamic Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (ISESCO), Jean-Christophe Bas
Founder and CEO, The Global Compass, Pan Guang, Ambassador for United Nations Alliance of Civilizations, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, Samia Bibars, Director, Inter-Civilizations Dialogue Department, League of Arab States, Ann-Belinda Preis, Chief of the Intercultural Dialogue Section, UNESCO.
F1 could axe Friday morning practice sessions next year, as teams consider how to cut costs in the absence of a mandatory budget cap.
Although keenly supported by the small teams, and championed by FIA president Jean Todt, the 2015 budget cap was vetoed by the powerful 'Strategy Group' teams including grandees Ferrari, Red Bull and Mercedes.
The smaller teams are furious, but in a crisis meeting in London last week, they were asked to come back in a fortnight with some cost-cutting rule proposals of their own.
Germany's Sport Bild claims that one of the measures under consideration is reducing the grand prix weekend by one 90-minute practice session from 2015.
Another proposed rule change is the extension of the current 'parc ferme' regulations.
Currently, the specification of the cars is effectively 'frozen' only after qualifying, meaning that until then new parts are almost constantly flown in from the teams' European factories at huge expense.
It is now proposed that, for 2015, 'parc ferme' is to come into effect immediately after a sole practice session on Friday afternoon.
Sport Bild reports that, at Biggin Hill last week, the teams also discussed limiting aerodynamic updates - for example a maximum of four front wing specification changes per season - but could not unanimously agree.
"There was a meeting last week," confirmed Mercedes' Toto Wolff, "and costs were discussed. It is the unanimous opinion of the teams that costs must be drastically reduced."
However, he defended the big teams' decision to veto the budget cap.
"We have to be honest," he is quoted by Speed Week. "There are big differences in the agendas of the teams.
"If you think about Red Bull, Mercedes and Ferrari - and also McLaren who are with Honda from next year - the main objective is to represent a multinational, global brand.
"And that is of course very different from the small teams who are simply there to race in formula one.
"But formula one is all of these teams together, the big and the small, and you have to respect that and find solutions that will help everyone in the long term.
"The budget cap is a difficult one, because there are some teams who do not want it. And also by their very design it would be very difficult to control, such as for Ferrari who have the formula one team all under the same roof as the major global company," Wolff explained.
Update: Infowars Reporter Rob Dew Now Released After Being Arrested
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Saturday, September 26, 2009
Police and military units savagely attacked peaceful protesters in a Pittsburgh park last night, cracking heads with billy clubs, deploying LRAD sound cannons and shooting rubber bullets at close range, according to Infowars' Jason Bermas. Fellow Infowars reporter Rob Dew was arrested during the melee.
Bermas called Alex Jones last night as the attack unfolded. Around 200 to 300 peaceful protesters had converged at Schenley Park for a demonstration but they were soon under assault from busloads of riot cops and military units who quickly descended on the scene.
According to Bermas, police were aggressively charging protesters and cracking them on the head with billy clubs and also shooting rubber bullets at close range, which in numerous past cases has proven deadly.
Police also deployed LRAD sound cannons once again in an attempt to disperse the protesters. Pittsburgh marks the first time that such weapons have been used against American citizens in public as before they were only used against insurgents in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Bermas described the scene as like something out of a movie as police attempted to block off the whole park and catch every single protester and were prepared to use violence to do so, saying that they would run up to people and crack them on the head as hard as possible.
“Everyone was just sort of standing around spectating. No one was really having an adamant protest. It was just a bunch of college kids,” witness Ben Balik told The Pittsburgh Channel.
By the end of the confrontation, around half of the entire crowd of protesters had been arrested, including Infowars producer Rob Dew and most likely We Are Change leader Luke Rudkowski.
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“Varun Viswanathan, a Pitt sophomore, said he saw a police officer hitting one individual, reports Pitt News.
“I think they completely use unnecessary force on us,” he said. “They have no right to do that.”
“Pitt senior Ken Egler called the police action “one of the crazier things” he'd seen during last night's protests, especially since he didn't see many demonstrators in Oakland.”
“I really think it's ridiculous,” Egler said. “We should be allowed to protest. This is needed, and they're just basically trying to scare us.”
It is important to emphasize that the obscene behavior of cops in Pittsburgh suggests that police in America will now follow any orders, no matter how barbaric. No one can plausibly deny that the majority of cops would willingly line up American citizens and blow their heads off if they were ordered to.
Police behavior at the G20 has been widely condemned as unwarranted and the violence metered out not to provide security but to provoke demonstrators.
An example of police violence against a Pittsburgh citizen earlier this month.
“The deployment of police seems to be more geared toward suppressing lawful demonstrations than actually preventing crime,” Witold Walczak, legal director of the ACLU of Pennsylvania, told the Associated Press.
“Legal observers at the gathering saw police surrounding, chasing and arresting students who weren't involved in the protest, said Paige Cram, spokeswoman for the National Lawyers Guild, a liberal legal-aid group. She called the show of force “an ominous spectacle,” adds the AP report, referring to a similar protest on Friday night.
“A video posted Friday on YouTube shows a group of Pitt students briefly trapped on the outdoor stairwell of a campus building, evidently exposed to gaseous pepper spray and unable to move because riot police were blocking the bottom and top of the stairs. The students had been standing on a second-floor balcony, observing the clash between police and protesters on the street below.”
As of Saturday morning, we were unable to trace the exact whereabouts of Infowars reporter Rob Dew after he was arrested last night.
“After a long night of calls to Allegheny County Jail and the Pennsylvania Corrections Department, they keep referring us to one another saying they have no information, but that “protesters” are treated differently,” writes Jason Bermas.
We can now report that Rob Dew has been released and the Infowars crew are attempting to catch their flights back to Austin.
This article was posted: Saturday, September 26, 2009 at 6:08 am
Print this page.
Infowars.com Videos:
Comment on this article
Whatever your stance on abortion, it turns out you should probably be against anti-abortion laws. New research shows that laws against abortion don't decrease the abortion rate. That same research has identified a few things that do decrease the abortion rate; they're just probably not the sorts of solutions you hear discussed at pro-life meetings.
The abortion rate has declined dramatically in recent decades — not only in the United States, but globally as well. But new research published in Lancet shows that this decline is probably not due to any changes in abortion law. Researchers looked at abortion trends between 1990 and 2014 and found that in countries where abortion is illegal or only legal to save the life of the mother, the annual abortion rate is roughly 37 per 1,000 women of reproductive age. In countries where abortion is legal in most cases, the annual rate is about 34 per 1,000 women of reproductive age. In other words, it doesn't seem likely that placing legal restrictions on abortion makes it less common.
What's more, researchers found that while the abortion rate is falling in most places, it's declining faster in some places than in others. The annual abortion rate declined dramatically in the developed world during this time period, from about 46 to about 27 per 1,000 women of reproductive age. In the developing world, there was only a two-point decline, from 39 to 37 per 1,000. Researchers believe this to be an indication that access to sexual and reproductive health care is a major factor in reducing the abortion rate.
In other words, banning abortion doesn't end it; providing birth control and other forms of reproductive health care do. Basically, if you really want to end abortion, instead of trying to defund Planned Parenthood, people should be tripping over themselves to give the organization more money.
This latest research fits well with past findings on the subject, which tend to show that abortion restrictions only make women more likely to seek illegal and unsafe abortions, not to have fewer abortions. But while this has major implications for the way we approach abortion policy and reproductive health access in this country, the biggest implications are for women in the developing world.
Not only do people in such countries have less access to reproductive health care, including affordable, reliable birth control, but developing nations are also more likely to have anti-abortion laws. Although there are notable exceptions, such as Uruguay and South Africa, most countries in Latin America, the Middle East, Africa, and Southern Asia have heavy restrictions on abortion. This means that women in these countries are not only more likely to have an unwanted pregnancy, but are also more likely to then need to seek out an illegal, probably unsafe abortion, should they want one.
It's all the more reason to support the efforts of women around the world to gain access to better reproductive health care, including abortion, and to fight against the people in our own country who want to reverse all the progress that has been made in the United States on these issues. Because the truth is that banning abortion, reducing affordable birth control access, and closing clinics that provide reproductive health care doesn't reduce the number of abortions that happen in a given year. It only punishes the people who need these services. And that's a fact.
Image: Giphy
Roger Goodell
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said in late August he "didn't get it right" regarding the initial two-day suspension of Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice.
(AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File)
The NFL requires players to avoid "conduct detrimental to the integrity of and public confidence in the National Football League." The same standard should apply to Commissioner Roger Goodell.
And based on that standard, Mr. Goodell should be removed.
The commissioner not only botched the punishment of former Ravens running back Ray Rice for punching his then-fiancee in an Atlantic City casino elevator, but his claim that the league wasn't given a video of the assault now seems false.
The Associated Press reported Wednesday afternoon that a law enforcement official said he sent the video showing Mr. Rice knocking out fiancee Janay Palmer to an NFL executive five months ago. Mr. Goodell and the league office have insisted they didn't see the brutal punch until this week when TMZ released the video.
But the law enforcement official allowed The Associated Press to listen to an April 9 voicemail from an NFL office number that confirmed the video had been received. According to the AP report, a woman expresses thanks and says, "You're right. It's terrible."
When asked by AP about the voicemail Wednesday, league officials still said no one had seen the video before this week.
Hours after fans began sharing the video posted by TMZ Monday, the Ravens cut the Pro running back and the NFL made his suspension indefinite.
It is impossible to believe no one at the NFL had seen the video before this week. The claim was already suspect before the AP's news report Wednesday afternoon. The league has vast resources and power, and it had been clear for months that Ms. Palmer -- who is now married to Mr. Rice -- had been knocked out in the elevator in February.
Even without the elevator video, Mr. Goodell could have given Mr. Rice more than a two-game suspension. But wouldn't the league want to make sure it had all evidence in hand before deciding Mr. Rice's punishment? If Mr. Goodell actually wanted to punish Mr. Rice, that is.
Mr. Goodell hires private investigators when he wants to dig up something on a player or team. That is what he did when the Vikings accused the Saints in 2010 of putting a defensive bounty on Brett Favre in the NFC championship game. Mr. Goodell was ruthless in his pursuit of the Saints.
When Mr. Goodell suspended Coach Sean Payton for the entire 2012 season because of the bounty scandal, the commissioner essentially said it was because Mr. Payton should have done more.
The Goodell statement from March 2012 reads in part: "The violations were compounded by the failure of Coach Payton to supervise the players and coaches and his affirmative decision starting in 2010 (a) not to inquire into the facts concerning the pay-for-performance/bounty program even though he was aware of the league's inquiries both in 2010 and 2012..."
Similar language could apply to Mr. Goodell now. At best, he failed to get all the evidence available on Mr. Rice's assault of Ms. Palmer before he suspended him in late July for only two games. At worst, Mr. Goodell purposefully ignored the video and hasn't been truthful about the league's knowledge of its existence.
Whichever it is, the league needs new leadership. The owners ought to want a better representative for the game, and the fans deserve it.
Mr. Goodell sounded self-righteous when he handed down severe punishments for the Saints in 2012 -- punishment that was excessive and damaging.
"We are all accountable and responsible for player health and safety and the integrity of the game," he said in a statement then. "We will not tolerate conduct or a culture that undermines those priorities. No one is above the game or the rules that govern it. Respect for the game and the people who participate in it will not be compromised."
Mr. Goodell should be held to that standard now. And if so, he won't be commissioner any longer.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Billionaire landowner the Duke of Westminster has died suddenly today aged 64.
Gerald Cavendish Grosvenor became ill on his Abbeystead Estate and passed away at the Royal Preston Hospital in Lancashire, a spokeswoman for the estate said.
Unconfirmed reports suggested the Duke suffered a heart attack.
He headed up the multi-billion pound Grosvenor Estat, best known for the development and long term ownership of London's plush and trendy areas of Mayfair and Belgravia.
According to the Sunday Times Rich List 2016 , the Duke was worth £9.35 billion placing him sixth in the list and making him the third richest British national.
He was also the 68th richest billionaire in the world.
However, he lost an estimated £769,000,000 ($1 billion) because of the European Union membership referendum.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
(Image: Rex)
His son Hugh Grosvenor, is Prince George's youngest godfather and his family has close ties with the Royals.
Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge, as well as Prince Harry, are regular visitors to Grosvenor properties including their boar hunting lodge in Spain.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A Buckingham Palace spokeswoman said: ''I can confirm that Her Majesty the Queen is aware of the news about the Duke of Westminster.
"A message of condolence is being sent by the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh."
The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall are ''deeply shocked and greatly saddened'' by the sudden death of their friend the Duke of Westminster, a Clarence House spokeswoman added.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Rex)
(Image: PA)
The Duke served in the British Army between 1973 and 2012 and reached the rank of Major General.
He was married to Natalia Ayesha Phillips with whom he had four children.
The title of the Duke of Westminster was created in 1874 by Queen Victoria.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
A spokesman for the Duke's family said: "It is with the greatest sadness that we can confirm that the Duke of Westminster, Gerald Cavendish Grosvenor (64) died this afternoon at Royal Preston Hospital.
"He was taken there from the Abbeystead Estate in Lancashire where he had suddenly been taken ill.
"His family are all aware and they ask for privacy and understanding at this very difficult time.
"No further comment will be made for the time being but further information will follow in due course."
(Image: PA)
(Image: Getty)
For the mercenary faction of the same name, see Reilly's Rangers.
Fallout 3 achievement/trophy Reilly's Rangers requirements Complete Reilly's Rangers gamescore 20 trophy type Bronze
“ Get the Rangers home. Please. That's all I want. I don't care how you do it. ” Reilly.
Reilly's Rangers is a side quest in Fallout 3. It is also an Xbox 360 and PC achievement as well as a PS3 trophy.
Contents show]
Obtaining the quest Edit
This quest can be started by:
The Rangers Edit
Reilly's Rangers are a mercenary group operating in the Capital Wasteland. Their current missions are the ongoing eradication of super mutants and mapping the Wasteland. The five members of Reilly's Rangers are:
Reilly: leader of the Rangers.
Donovan: the Rangers' Engineer.
Brick: the Rangers' heavy weapons specialist, who uses a unique minigun named Eugene.
Butcher: the Rangers' Medic.
Theo: the Rangers' Quartermaster, who was carrying most of the Rangers' ammunition when he was killed in action.
Quick walkthrough Edit
Detailed walkthrough Edit
Pre-quest preparations: Take at least one fission battery. Travel to Underworld to get the ammunition cache code from Reilly. Locate the Lady of Hope Hospital in Vernon Square. Note that contrary to what Reilly says, the dry sewer cannot be reached from Dupont Station, but rather from Dupont Circle East. Getting to the Statesman Hotel: One needs to make their way through the hospital and up to the second floor. This will require fighting or sneaking past the super mutants and one of the game's several centaurs. There is at least one pressure plate and several tripwire-activated grenade bouquets, set by the Rangers. Cross over to the Statesman Hotel by walking across the toppled crane. Drop down into the hotel. Meeting up with the surviving Rangers on the roof: In the first stairwell one will find the body of the Rangers' quartermaster, Theo, and a locked ammunition box which can only be opened with a code received from Reilly (see #1.2). At an intermediate floor, one must go up to the restaurant level. If the player's Repair skill is high enough, one can fix the elevator at the center of the map by interacting with its control panel. If not, one can also use the stairs through the doorway at the building's northeast corner. On the restaurant level, one will need to pick an average lock or (to avoid it) one can detour around the lounge, down a collapsed floor into a lower level, up another collapsed floor, through the kitchen, and into the lounge proper (the room with the bar, pool table, and jukebox). In the southwest corner of the lounge there is a small room with a downed maintenance protectron. This is the only available fission battery if one did not bring one with them (see #1.1). In the lounge (the big room) go up at right to the balcony where one will find the door to the roof. Repairing the elevator to the ground floor: As one arrives on the roof, a final round of explosions will take out the latest wave of super mutants. Butcher will then wave the player in, but admits the player's stuck there with them unless the elevator can be repaired by Donovan. One may speak to each team member and, if one wishes, offer them ammunition (Brick takes 150 5mm rounds, Butcher takes 50 10mm rounds, Donovan takes 50 5.56 rounds). Ask Donovan about the elevator and he will tell the player that he needs a fission battery and will mention the broken protectron in the restaurant below if one doesn't have one with them. Give the battery to Donovan and he will repair the elevator or ... If the player has a Repair skill of 75 or higher one can fix the elevator oneself by accessing its control panel with the fission battery in the player's inventory. (This will not use it up.) WARNING: If the fission battery is somehow lost, the elevator becomes irreparable and the PC will be unable to exit the hotel. Check the notes section on the Statesman Hotel article for an escape method. The fission battery can be very difficult for some to find. The last large room before one reaches the roof has a bar area, some pool tables, and a jukebox. This is the same room with the Grognak the Barbarian. In the southwest corner of that room (not the entire floor, just the room), there is a door under the stairway. That door goes into a small room with the broken protectron. There is where one will find the fission battery. Returning to the Ranger HQ in Seward Square: One will need to fight their way out of the Statesman Hotel lobby. Butcher (if he survives) will tell the player to drop by Ranger HQ, where one will find Reilly and the surviving team members. At the Ranger compound one can obtain a secondary quest from Reilly, where she will pay the player for mapping locations throughout the Wasteland.
WARNING: If all the stranded rangers die for any reason, it will have serious consequences on the outcome of the quest. See the Notes section for more information.
Rewards Edit
Official quest reward Edit
The official quest reward is either a suit of Ranger battle armor or the unique minigun, Eugene, and the Lone Wanderer also becomes a member of Reilly's Rangers.
Geomapper module Edit
Note: if all the Rangers die during this quest, one will not be able to start Geomapping with Reilly. Attempting to initiate dialogue with her will fail.
After rescuing Reilly's Rangers, if one offers to help Reilly with the Rangers' mapping duties, she will give the player a geomapper module. As long as one has the module in their inventory, it will record every new location one discovers. Return to the compound periodically and speak to Reilly again to receive 30 caps per location. One can speak to her right away after first receiving the module and get paid for locations the player has already discovered.
There may be a minor glitch upon talking to Reilly about the geomapping. She may say that all the locations one has mapped before receiving the module were already found, and that one needs to find "new" locations to receive any payment. This can be avoided by not trying to 'cash in' right away; leave the compound and discover at least one location, then return to Reilly, and one will be paid for every location on their map.
It is not enough to simply have the locations on ones Pip-Boy map (as can be gained from the Explorer perk or from Karen Schenzy after the Blood Ties quest). To gain the caps these locations have to be "discovered" by actually visiting them.
Ranger services Edit
Two of the Rangers (provided they survive) also offer services:
Butcher will treat the player's wounds for free, but cannot cure radiation poisoning or clear addictions.
Donovan offers to repair the player's weapons and armor for a smaller fee than other wasteland characters but his repair ability is actually very low.
Quest stages Edit
Stage Status Description 5 Find Reilly in Underworld inside the Museum of History. 10 Find Our Lady of Hope Hospital. 12 (Optional) Gear up at Ranger Compound. 15 (Optional) Locate the Ranger's ammo crate. 20 Locate Reilly's Rangers. 25 Locate a Fission Battery. 28 Give a Fission Battery to Donovan 40 Get to the Statesman Hotel exit. 50 Return to Reilly at Ranger Compound.
Notes Edit
If one repairs the elevator as opposed to giving the fission battery to Donovan, one will gain additional XP.
If Donovan is killed on the roof in the battle with the super mutants, one can use Donovan's wrench to fix the elevator.
One may randomly encounter Donovan while traveling through the Capital Wasteland. When the player talks to him, he will give the player a mini nuke and say that Reilly sent him. It's also possible that ones random encounter with Donovan will be the discovery of his body, on which one can find his Ranger battle armor, a Ranger battle helmet, a 10mm pistol, a mini nuke and a few random items.
On Reilly's terminal, there is a contract note about being paid for each super mutant killed and needing body parts as proof.
When one arrives at the roof of the Statesman Hotel, there is a generator to the left that, when shot, will turn the Rangers hostile and the quest will fail.
One cannot go up to the lobby by elevator, as it is shut down - one will need to go by stairs.
If Broken Steel is completed and the super mutant blood analyzer obtained for Blood Brotherhood , it is possible to collect over 50 blood samples for the repeatable quest.
is completed and the super mutant blood analyzer obtained for , it is possible to collect over 50 blood samples for the repeatable quest. After fixing the elevator and leaving the roof there will be a wave of super mutants that attack. One can let Brick get killed and pick up Eugene and the Ranger battle armor so one does not have to choose only one of them as the reward. It is also possible to shoot Brick oneself at this time without the other Rangers becoming hostile to make sure she is killed.
To get both rewards, one will have to ask Reilly to give the minigun, then kill her and loot her Ranger battle armor or alternatively, use the reverse pickpocketing trick on any of the rangers.
If all the rangers die while the player is attempting to rescue them, one will not be able to initiate the lucrative quest Geomapping with Reilly regardless of what dialogue path is chosen when the player returns to Reilly at the Ranger compound. She will also not pay the player since one didn't hold up their end of the deal. Ones only rewards will be loot from the rangers' bodies (including Eugene), 300 XP, and positive karma.
It is possible to obtain both the Ranger battle armor and Eugene by reverse pick-pocketing Brick and Donovan. First reverse pickpocket Brick any outfit with a DR of over 30 onto Brick, return after traveling to another location outside of the DC area, Brick will be wearing the new armor now, the Ranger battle armor will be available to be pick-pocketed with a stealth boy when she's sleeping. With Donovan simply give him a combat helmet with above 4 DR and he will also swap his unique combat helmet for the regular one. Then return after visiting a location outside of DC again and loot Reilly's unique combat helmet off Donovan. One will now have a full set of Ranger battle armor and Eugene!
Bugs Edit
It Runs Deep and We Can't Talk It Out: On Campus Racism and the Murder of Richard Collins III
Daniel Greene Blocked Unblock Follow May 22, 2017
This past weekend, Sean Urbanski, a white University of Maryland student and member of an ‘Alt-Reich' Facebook group stabbed to death Richard Collins III, who was about to graduate from nearby Bowie State University. This occurred late at night, but on campus with witnesses. The murderer did nothing to hide his act. “Step left, step left if you know what's best,” he said to Collins and his friends. And when Collins refused, he was attacked. The FBI is investigating whether the murder constitutes a hate crime. Today, Maryland students continued their graduation ceremonies.
I attended UMD as an undergraduate, worked as a social worker after graduating, and then returned to campus for my doctorate. The state and the school gave me quite a lot, and as both a student and employee I tried to return the favor. Maudlin though it may be, the place is a part of me.
But there is a deep rot on campus, and on many campuses across the country, that prevents so many members of the campus community from building the world they want. Students, staff, and faculty of color feel this racist climate cutting away at everything they do, sometimes slowly, sometimes quite suddenly. These same students and staff have demonstrated, organized, and petitioned administrators for years to change the way the university is run so that they can feel safe, so they can go to work or school without feeling hated or threatened. If they are not ignored outright, they are placated with roundtables, working groups, and ever more calls for ‘dialogue.' This does not heal the rot or cut it out, it merely presents the rot as one possible path for growth in the marketplace of ideas — and surely we wouldn't want to offend the rot, or those who embrace it. So the rot sits, deep within our institutions, left to fester, slowly cutting away at the staff and students of color who walk through it. Until it bursts out and consumes someone like 23-year-old Richard Collins III.
There is a pattern here. Let me trace out some pieces of it.
In 1999, a series of racist death threats were mailed to the African American Studies Department, the Black Student Union, and the president of SGA — then a Nigerian-American woman.
In 2007, a noose was found hanging outside the Nyumburu Cultural Center — a gathering place for UMD's black community.
In 2011, UMD's Black Faculty and Staff Association confronted the administration with a 56-page report documenting abusive, racist management practices throughout campus, particularly in Facilities Management. Austere fiscal conditions heightened an already repressive workplace, which some campus workers referred to as The Plantation. Some organizational changes resulted, but most administrative recommendations focused on better communication between employees and management, and better training for management.
In 2014, following Ferguson police officer's Darren Wilson's non-indictment for the killing of Michael Brown, students occupied the Stamp Student Union. They protested the contradiction between the campus' avowed commitment to student safety and respect, and the University Police Department's 16 12-gauge shotguns, 50 M16 rifles, two transport vehicles, and a $65,000 armored truck — all garnered through the Defense Department's 1033 program. University President Wallace Loh praised students for “advanc[ing] the dialogue on race relations” but the guns remained at the school.
In 2015, a Kappa Sigma fraternity member's racist, sexist email leaked to the broader public. After discussing planned sexual conquests, the signature line read “Fuck consent.” Students protested the email as a symptom of a racist and sexist campus culture and demanded greater funding for diversity studies (and the faculty who teach these classes). This coincided with demands to rename the football stadium, which then bore the name of former President and avowed segregationist Harry Byrd. It has since been renamed.
Later that year, as campus occupations broke out at the University of Missouri and elsewhere in protest of campus racism, Loh positioned his response to the fraternity email as a national model for resolving these conflicts: Not expelling the student, but reinvesting in the marketplace of ideas through dialogue and diversity trainings.
Almost exactly a year ago, campus police broke up an off-campus party of mostly black students with force, pepper-spraying several, following a fake 911 call. It is worth quoting from the students' account at length:
“Arguments escalated between police, residents, and witnesses outside of the apartment when everyone was trying to clear the area. The police then proceeded to mace the entire crowd without warning. The first five people to get maced were walking away when it was released as they were told to do. After people were maced, more police officers began laughing and shaking their mace bottles to continue spraying even though people were on the ground screaming and crying. The party goers were scattered at this point. Two people who did not attend the party but were there to help control the situation proceeded with other witnesses to a grassy area away from the apartment in Courtyards. As they proceeded to leave the area back up officers then came from the same direction they were walking. It was then ordered by an officer to ‘Arrest those two' while given a description of what they were wearing. The two witnesses were forcefully tackled to the ground, while the officers put their knees and elbows in their backs and necks to keep them down. They were then both taken away to cop cars.”
I certainly never heard of a majority-white off campus party, let alone a fraternity party, broken up with such force.
The administration and University Police reviewed the incident, finding that “use of pepper spray to break up a graduation party of predominately black students was justified, but could have been avoided had the officers used a less hostile approach.” Charges against the two arrested students were dropped. One officer was suspended for two weeks. University police mandated a new department-wide implicit bias training. Loh's public reproach to the police department centered not on the imbalance of power, but the lack of positive dialogue: “There are a lot of people in their daily interactions that are a bit confrontational or raise their voices. And that's not a crime; it's just bad manners. But if you do that when you're wearing a uniform, that has consequences.”
This spring, UMD saw the DC area riven by protests against the Trump administration's xenophobia — including immigrant raids and the so-called ‘Muslim ban.' One of the administration's responses was to unilaterally levy a new fee for international students to pay for their support services, bypassing the usual shared governance structures for creating fees. Students were outraged and Loh responded by throwing the issue back into the marketplace of ideas, saying “If they don't want to pay it, they don't have to come to the University of Maryland.”
Since December, white nationalist posters have repeatedly been found hung all over campus.
In April, Terps for Trumps left chalk messages through campus that ranged from the typical “MAGA” to “Deport DREAMers.” Campus activists washed it or away or covered the attacks on their peers with welcoming messages. On Twitter, Loh glossed the event as “Students took to the sidewalk to exchange ideas and engage in debate today. Keep the conversation going #chalkUMD.”
Earlier this month, a noose was found inside the Phi Kappa Tau fraternity house. Loh condemned the incident and reaffirmed the university's “commitment to core values of human dignity, diversity, inclusiveness, and intellectual freedom.”
And then, this past weekend, Sean Urbanski took out a knife and murdered a stranger from a nearby historically black university, a second lieutenant who had just obtained his airborne certification from the US Army.
Two Ubuntu users: Steven and, Hulvia, his 79-year old mother-in-law.
One of the great Linux desktop myths is that it's hard to use. People still think that you need to be some kind of mad computer wizard to use Linux. What nonsense. Desktop Linux has been as easy to use as any of the mainstream desktop operating systems for over a decade. How easy is it? My 79-year old mother-in-law, Hulvia, can use it.
She arrived a few weeks ago with her Windows laptop, but without her power cord. So, she needed a computer of her own. As I went down to garage/server room/spare computer storage locker, "What the heck, if Jason Perlow's father-in-law could pick up Ubuntu Linux in 2007 at the age of 71, why not my mother-in-law at 79 in 2012!"
So, I grabbed a Dell Inspiron laptop, and I installed the latest Ubuntu 12.04 beta on it. Canonical always claimed its Unity interface was easy to use and I thought it was too, but let's see how someone who's only used Windows could do with it.
A first look at Ubuntu Linux 12.04's Unity desktop (Gallery)
Once installed and hooked into my Wi-Fi network, I sat down with her, and I explained how to open applications. Actually, she didn't need my explanation. She could see that she needed to click the applications on the left sidebar to start them at a glance.
I then showed her how to log in to her computer--no auto logins allowed in my house, not even on Linux systems!--and sat back to see how she'd do with it.
The answer: Just fine. For over three weeks she used Ubuntu, without any instruction or hand-holding. That's a good thing because you see, she speaks almost no English, and I speak almost no Spanish, her native language. My wife's our translator.
What did she do with it? She wrote a little bit on LibreOffice, but she spent most of her time on the Web with Firefox. She watched her telenovelas (Spanish-language soap operas), and e-mailed her friends.
She did have one "technical" problem though. She lost the sound once on a YouTube video. It turns out she'd clicked on the Web page's mute button. She could have worked that out on her own, but the icon was too small for her to see. Indeed, one of the things she liked about Unity was having large, easily visible icons on the left.
That was it. Three weeks went by. She spent three to four hours a day on her computer and-this is the important part-she never had any trouble what-so-ever with it. Desktop Linux? Hard? I don't think so and neither does she.
Related Stories:
20-million new Ubuntu Linux PCs in 2012?
Say hello to Canonical's new Linux desktop: Ubuntu 12.04 beta review
Shuttleworth on the Ubuntu Linux 12.04 beta
Linux users cautiously optimistic about Ubuntu's Head-Up Display desktop
Is the Linux Desktop actually growing?
In Mexico, two pickup trucks drove onto a rush hour highway and dumped 35 dead bodies in the street. The gruesome scene took place in Veracruz on Tuesday, in day-light and in front of hundreds of drivers and on lookers. Then, the two drivers simply left.
An examination of the bodies showed that many of the dead 23 men and 12 women were tortured before killed, and most of them died from suffocation.
The murders are thought to be the work of a drug cartel. Powerful gang Los Zetas is said to be in control of Veracruz, but a note left on the bodies threatened that There is a new owner of the turf. According to The Guardian, the note was signed GN, likely a reference to the Gente Nueva (New People), the enforcement arm of the Sinaloa cartel.
What we are seeing in Mexico is typical of a process of para-militarization in which different groups seek to wipe territories clean of their rivals, Edgardo Buscaglia, an expert in organized crime, told Mexico's MVS Radio. The groups are fighting over 22 different illegal markets, not just drugs, and that produces … an orgy of violence.
Last week, the Zetas allegedly murdered a man and a woman over disparaging tweets, then hanged their bodies on a bridge in Nuevo Laredo, which is about 14 hours away from Veracruz but not outside the Zetas' reign.
Drug-related violence in Mexico exploded in 2006 when President Felipe Calderon launched a war against organized crime. Since then, more than 41,000 people have been killed, including civilians, tourists, government officials and soldiers.
Calderon insists that his crackdown is not responsible for the violence, claiming instead that cartel expansion, as well as the United States' insatiable appetite for illegal narcotics, is to blame. Retaliation has nothing to do with it, he says.
The armed forces are not part of the problem, but part of the solution, Calderon said earlier this month. If we hadn't done anything, instead of the utopian country some think we would live in, we'd be overtaken by the cartels.
On Saturday, the body of Mexican congressman Moises Villanueva de la Cruz was found murdered, lying on a highway in the coastal state of Guerrero.
Members of his Institutional Revolutionary Party called on local authorities to begin a large-scale investigation, and demanded that police question Socorro Sofio Ramirez Hernandez, the current Rural Development Secretary and former holder of Villanueva's congressional seat.
“We publicly demand [Ramirez Hernandez]... be investigated because he is known to have pressured Villanueva at various times to subordinate him to his personal interests,” Efren Leyva, Guerrero chapter head of the party, wrote in a letter to authorities.
The state attorney general said that there was no evidence that Ramirez was involved.
While the murder could be a personal or political matter, it could also likely be tied to drug gang violence. Vicious cartels are so ingrained in many parts of Mexico, that political murders are often related to the narcotics trade.
Since 2010, a total of 19 mayors have been murdered, most recently Zucuaplan Mayor Jose Eduviges Nava Altamirano. The town of Zucuaplan is also in Guerrero. Additionally, more than 50 police officers have been killed in Mexico since October 2010.
The horror of the Tuesday body dump is not unique. Cartels use bodies to send messages to enemies and to send warnings to anyone and everyone who might possibly speak out against them.
In June, police found the remains of twenty-one men by the side of the road in Morelia. Each had a note taped to him reading Because society asked for it, this is going to happen to those who continue to rob houses, kidnappers and rapists.
After a summer of cycling to work, I'm left with a few conclusions, or frustrations, depending on how you look at it.
When the snow finally melted, I was excited to ditch the bus and start biking to my new job downtown. I soon learned the commuters on Henderson Highway don't take kindly to cyclists in the morning.
They make their opinions known with subtle gestures that you can pick up on, like swiping at you with their car. That may sound like attempted murder, but they were likely late for work.
Drivers, if you've ever been frustrated by the cyclist in front of you who isn't close enough to the curb for you to get by, please note that the curb lane is often filled with potholes (naturally), garbage, broken glass, possibly a dead animal and other fun surprises.
I will even suggest that navigating Winnipeg roads on a bike, without the additional hazard of cars, is dangerous enough already. And I have the scars to prove that even mechanical failures with the bike can lead to some pretty impressive wipeouts, so massive trucks only add to the excitement.
I always took note whenever a bike accident made the news this summer. Was the driver speeding? Was the cyclist wearing a helmet? These accidents are a terrible thing for all involved, and if there is one clear conclusion I can draw from those stories and my own experiences, it's that cars and bikes just don't mix.
I'm now a firm believer in the separation of bike and car.
It would be lovely indeed if I could ride to work at my usual pace and the cars could do their thing, and never the twain shall meet.
No cars lining up behind a bike (which is incredibly unnerving) or bikes making sudden moves that freak out the drivers, but that's not the reality.
Despite the city's extremely limited efforts, the bike lane initiative has done little to improve the downtown commute for cyclists.
In fact, I would say following the city's designated bike lanes could actually land a cyclist in more trouble than just staying in and amongst the vehicles.
One example, of many, is the nice bike lane on McDermot Avenue that runs from Waterfront Drive to… the Health Sciences Centre maybe? No, only to Main Street, where it promptly disappears.
No big deal you say? Just go around the parked cars? Well, you could do that, but you'll end up in the traffic lane anyway.
If you did stay in the “bike lane” that doesn't actually exist, you wouldn't be able to make a left turn into the Exchange without a risky maneuver through traffic.
Another example is the York Avenue underpass from The Forks -- another bike lane that runs for a ridiculously short distance (to Main, once again) and then suddenly disappears.
I would like to know the mindset of the people who “installed” this bike lane with the help of some white paint.
Where did they think cyclists would go once they got to Main? Just join in with the traffic at that point, or, as I do, utilize the sidewalk for a short distance until Fort Street? That seems unlikely.
Portage Avenue is also complicated by turning cars and buses. Graham Avenue is purportedly for cyclists and buses but that may be the worst option of all, unless one enjoys being surrounded by buses and exhaust while waiting for rush-hour passengers to load and unload.
It's frustrating because this city could very easily be bike friendly – I mean actually bike friendly.
We don't have rolling hills or constant rain, and believe it or not, the weather is actually quite favourable for a majority of the year.
We could have dedicated bike paths between the sidewalks and the road, like Amsterdam, the cycling capital of the world. It's a worthy investment.
On Aug. 18, CBC News ran a story about a new barricaded cycling lane in West Broadway. This is welcome news, but this new, safer bike lane only goes for a short distance and then cyclists are exposed to traffic once again.
As the mayoral race continues, I'd like to see every candidate ride through downtown at rush hour.
I'd even like to join them and point out how my morning ride always involves at least a little bit of danger.
I'd also point out how things like Juba Park seem to be good for bikes, but now, there's a boutique hotel right on the path.
Even with new developments, city planners continue to make the same mistakes.
Separate the bikes from the cars with connected, dedicated bike lanes and paths. There are a lot more bike commuters than there used to be and that means fewer cars on the road.
Even an enraged driver on Henderson should be able to appreciate that.
And cyclists, always wear a helmet.
David Garvey is a writer and English teacher who has worked in Thailand and the Middle East. He now lives in Winnipeg with his wife and daughter.
Your first name
The phrase “CNN is ISIS” started trending on Twitter Saturday afternoon as Trump supporters had fun heckling the network.
Pro-Trump conspiracy theory website InfoWars got the trend started by offering $1,000 to “anyone who is seen on TV with a ‘CNN is ISIS' t-shirt or sign,” apparently in reference to comedienne Kathy Griffin's ISIS-like photo shoot pretending to behead President Trump. CNN fired Griffin from her role as the co-host of the network's annual New Year's Eve program in response to the controversial photo.
At a rally in Washington, D.C., a Trump supporter was seen standing in front of CNN cameras holding a sign that read: “CNN Is ISIS.”
As CNN spent Saturday afternoon promoting anti-Trump protests taking place around the country, more images began popping up online of pranksters holding “CNN Is ISIS” signs.
Someone is holding a “@CNN is ISIS” sign at the “Pittsburgh, Not Paris” rally pic.twitter.com/a4k5TSnMul — Andrew Kimmel (@andrewkimmel_) June 3, 2017
Before long, “CNN is ISIS” was one of the top trends on Twitter…
And the heckling continued…
Minister for Europe David Lidington has written to Tory MPs to tell them they are still planning on stitching up the EU Referendum, but it's ok because they they will ‘work with them' to do so:
16th June 2015
Dear Colleague,
EU REFERENDUM BILL
I am writing ahead of the Committee Stages of the Bill to address some of the key concerns raised by colleagues during the Second Reading debate last week and to set out the Government's approach.
As you know, the Government's intention in bringing forward this Bill is to fulfil our General Election Manifesto pledge to let the British people decide our country's future in the European Union. It is our clear intention, through the Bill, to provide a straightforward, fair and effective framework for the referendum.
Timing of the Referendum
As stated during the debate, the government is keen to maintain as much flexibility as possible over the date of the referendum. The bill sets out a requirement to hold the referendum by the end of 2017 at the latest, and the Prime Minister has always been clear that if we can hold it earlier, then we will. This has lead to a great deal of speculation that the Government intends to hold the referendum in May 2016 in combination with elections to Scottish Parliament and Welsh and Northern Irish Assemblies. I can confirm that this is not the case. We have now tabled an amendment to specifically rule out 5th May 2016 as a date. If we are not able to debate it during committee, it will be retabled at report.
Section 125 of PPERA 2000
A number of colleagues raised concerns in the debate about Clause 25 and Schedule 1 of the Bill. I am grateful for the constructive way in which these concerns were raised.
The effect of Clause 25 is to disapply S.125 of the Political Parties, Elections and Referendums Act 2000. It therefore removes the statutory restrictions placed on Government publications in the final 28 days before the referendum. Under S.125, Government and Ministers are prohibited from publishing during the 28 days prior to polling day any material which deals with any of the issues raised by a referendum question; and which puts any arguments for or against a referendum outcome.
As the Foreign Secretary set out during the debate, after careful consideration we believe that it is unworkable and inappropriate to fully apply S.125 in this instance. It is unworkable because the restriction on publication is so broad that it could prevent Ministers from effectively conducting the significant amounts of ordinary day-to-day business between the Government and the EU that will necessarily continue during the pre-poll period. And it is inappropriate because the Government, having taken a position on the outcome of our negotiations with the rest of the EU, will naturally be obliged to account to Parliament and the British people.
The Foreign Secretary said during the debate that the Government will exercise proper restraint to ensure a balanced debate during the campaign. We have no intention of, for example, spending public money to deliver mailshots to households ​in the last four weeks of the campaign.
Working out a system that will reassure colleagues and voters that the referendum is a fair fight, yet will preserve the Government's ability to act in the national interest is not straightforward. It is important that it is legally clear and robust.
Therefore, we will work with colleagues over the next few months to understand their specific areas of concern and bring forward at report stage in the Autumn government amendments that command the widest possible support within the House and put beyond any doubt that the campaign will be conducted throughout in a manner that all sides will see as fair.
I look forward to working with you during its passage.
Yours sincerely
David Lidington MP
Minister for Europe
Dwyane Wade and the Chicago Bulls have reached a buyout agreement. According to Adrian Wojnarowski, the Spurs, Cavaliers, and Heat are the front runners to land his services. Oklahoma City could also be in the mix.
Sources: Cleveland, San Antonio and Miami are leaders for Dwyane Wade post-Bulls buyout. OKC could become factor too. — Adrian Wojnarowski (@wojespn) September 25, 2017
Woj also mentioned that Cleveland is the clear front runner, so I wouldn't get hopes high that Wade will land in San Antonio.
Cleveland's clear frontrunner with LeBron James, but Wade may take a little time to decide, league sources tell ESPN. https://t.co/onXPOeaYfG — Adrian Wojnarowski (@wojespn) September 25, 2017
If Wade were to land in San Antonio, he could bring some veteran leadership as the Spurs wait for Tony Parker to return to action. Wade seems to be a perfect fit in San Antonio but luring him away from re-uniting with LeBron James will be a tough feat for PATFO.
So, when Blizzard launched Hearthstone it was a giant success. I remember celebrating 25 million players after iOS mobile launched. Players flocked to the game in droves. They told their friends who then told their friends.
It was seemingly designed to be a Magic Online for casual players who maybe wanted to fit in a quick game during lunch breaks, or perhaps a nostalgic experience for ex WoW players now waiting for their wife to get off the phone with their mother. It had plenty simple yet fun cards, as well as some off the wall concepts like Nozdormu, a dragon who made the turns much shorter and Ragnaros who threw giant fireballs. The game was living proof that that a casual first approach is the one people want….
Then about two years went by and shadows grew long across the once sunny land of Hearthstone. There were many players who seem genuinely unhappy with the state of the game. Reddit was a river of woe. Players cited things like stale a metagame, overpowered decks and non-interactive play – they said Blizzard didn't care about them. Blizzard mostly disagreed and continued on as before.
Pic: The River of Woe on Reddit.
So, the real question is: who are these unhappy players? They are seemingly the competitive players, right? A small but vocal minority, right? Of little value economically, right? Wrong – let me explain further by way of a story.
When I was younger I played Magic the Gathering very, very, very competitively. I won Nationals in my country a few times and was ranked in the top 10 players worldwide. I made money and travelled the world playing the game. But I also played at my local comic book store, and there was the guy there who was just terrible at the game. I'll call him Antonio (although that is not his name). I must have played him a hundred times (our store was small) and beaten him 99 times (Yes, he was that bad). I remember the painful experience of losing to him only once. I know for certain it was only once. My matchup against him was 99% favourable. He was that bad.
Then 10 years ago I quit competitive play and only played on Magic Online. So someone tells me recently that Antonio won Nationals* this year. I couldn't believe it. I asked lots of questions. The same Antonio? How many players were there? Who else was in contention? Was he infinitely lucky? Does he have an identical twin? The answer, it turned out, was much simpler. He just got better at the game. Much, much better. Slowly, but surely, Antonio: Magma Rager evolved in Dr. Boomtonio. It took him 10 or 15 years to get there, but he made it. Is this so unbelievable? What I am suggesting is that the same thing that happened to Antonio is slowly (or not so slowly) happening to the Hearthstone player base. The player base is getting better and better, and not to an insignificant extent.
Antonio: Magma Rager Dr. Boomtonio
I read somewhere that at Rank 20 you are at the midway point of the ranked player base. Well, I play at Rank 20 sometimes and there are a ton of good players there. Almost all of them can play decently if not at the highest level. Some have legend card backs and a golden hero. This is more true during the 1st half of the month than the 2nd half. Occasionally, I play against a guy and he goes Coin + River Crocolisk. But he is not a casual player, he is an accomplished player who probably plays Magic and also Hearthstone F2P. In a month he will craft Patches, buy an adventure or two and have a deck approved by Vicious Syndicate. He is not a casual player. He has the chops to reach Legend. The stats show him as casual with a small collection and infrequent play. Stats can lie, ask Hillary Clinton.
So player bases grow up, and Hearthstone's player base is no different. Blizzard seems to be in denial of this, and understandably so, because it goes against the grain of what brought them such wild success in the first place: the idea that the casual experience is the core success factor of the game. In business there is a common phenomenon where someone is successful, and they keep doing the same thing repeatedly until they suddenly fail. The reason is that the circumstances have changed but they are blind to that. Yahoo. Blackberry. Magic Online.
It is not my proposition that casual players have disappeared. Rather, it is my proposition that there exist two distinct groups of customers who are equally important – casual players and competitive/serious/regular/accomplished/skilled/invested players.
The common saying “The customer is always right” does not mean he is literally correct. Very often they are dead wrong, objectively speaking. What it does mean is that the purchasing decision is his decision, and any feeling he has about it, whether right or wrong, is going to directly affect your sales figures.
So here is my appeal.
“Dear Blizzard, half your 25+ million customers are begging for more competitive friendly design. That +-12.5 million people with money in hand, begging you to take it from them. And you are refusing.”
I can hear the Blizzard response in my mind already
“If we do what you say and re-orientate things towards competitive play, we will alienate the casual players. And then the game will die. It is a lose-lose proposition. Better we change nothing.”
So, allow me to suggest how you make change lose-lose choice in to win-win. You split off the competitive experience from the casual one and you give it different rules. Note that Wizards of the Coast learned this lesson long ago. Standard is competitive. Commander is casual. Draft is competitive. Sealed is casual. There are no Commander or Sealed decks events on the Pro Tour. Also understand that competitive players pay a lot more for this experience. A casual set of reconstructed decks might set you back $40 or $60 but a tier one competitive deck can be $400 or $600.
So I would do it like this: up until rank 15 you change nothing. If a player reaches rank 15 you give him the choice:
“You have now reached the highest level that casual style play can take you. You can either graduate to the competitive zone or continue to play as before. Continue or go back?”
Of course you might want to brand this all differently, but mechanically that is how it could work. Once you enter the competitive zone the game changes. The cards, the rules, the balance, the meta, the experience. It is designed for a 2nd purpose – competitive and high level play.
And so you give everyone what they want. The casual players continue with their casual environment (which also needs a redesign, by the way), the competitive players get to compete in their own high level play zone, and so Blizzard gets to keep both groups engaged, and therefore keep paying their shareholders handsomely.
So what specifically should be changed for high level players? Stay tuned for the next six articles to hear my take on it.
Thanks for reading
Wonder Boy
wonder.boy.hearthstone.1977 at gmail.com
Advertisements
CHICAGO (CBS) — One minute a Muslim woman was running to catch her train, the next she was tackled by Chicago police officers, and it didn't end there.
Itemad “Angel” Almatar said she faced more humiliation at the hands of police before being arrested for no reason. CBS 2's Dana Kozlov has this Original Report.
Almatar's 4th of July commute home last year ended terrifyingly. CTA surveillance camera video shows her overtaken by five Chicago police officers as she climbed the stairs of the State/Lake station in the Loop.
“They threw me to the stairs, and grabbed my bags. They kicked me, hit me, took off my hijab,” she said.
Almatar said police also grabbed her backpack, which was filled with food to end her Ramadan fast , but officers never told her why.
“They asked me why I put my food inside my bag, why I'm Muslim, why I'm fasting, why I'm wearing these clothes, why I cover my body,” she said.
Almatar said she was terrified.
“Close to die, actually,” she said.
She thought the people who grabbed her might be thieves, until they arrested her.
“She was strip searched, videographed, and at the same time men were allowed to see her naked. This is the ultimate horror you can do to a Muslim woman,” said Imam Malick Mujahid, a Muslim community leader in Chicago.
Almatar was charged with reckless conduct and resisting arrest, but on Wednesday a Cook County judge found her not guilty. Her attorneys said the police officers are guilty of profiling and violating her rights, perhaps in the name of vigilance.
“We know a couple things. There's a Constitution, and the Constitution says you can't just grab people for no reason whatsoever,” said Aaron Goldstein, a supervising attorney with the Cook County Public Defender's office.
In court, prosecutors said police officers first yelled ‘Stop!' but the video of the incident shows no one turning around in response, even though several other commuters were walking up the stairs with Almatar.
A spokesperson for the Chicago Police Department said he would look into the incident and what, if any, action was taken internally.
The Cook County State's Attorney's office did not respond to a request for comment.
Almatar said she plans to file a federal civil rights lawsuit soon.
Adding electrolytes and reducing the alcoholic content of beer could improve its ability to hydrate drinkers. UPI/Gary C. Caskey | License Photo
Hydrating beer may be the future go-to drink for folks who have worked up a sweat after Australian researchers developed a way to add electrolytes to the alcoholic drink.
Researchers at Griffith University's health institute in Queensland said reducing the alcohol content in beer and adding electrolytes -- an ingredient commonly found in sports drinks -- could help beer drinkers retain more hydration.
The modification to the brew wouldn't change the taste, either, The Sydney Morning Herald reported.
In the study, scientists modified two commercial beers -- one light, one regular strength -- and tested them, alongside unmodified beers, on volunteers who had worked up a sweat.
Yousof Omeish, 15, leader of Boy Scout Toop 114, opens and ends the weekly meetings at the Islamic Center of Northern Virginia with prayers. (Petula Dvorak/TWP)
The Sunday night meeting of Boy Scout Troop 114 was coming to order. Or trying to.
“Formations, please! Por favor,” 15-year-old troop leader Yousof Omeish yelled over noise that only a pack of peach-fuzz teens can make.
The boys eventually quieted and put their hands out, palms up.
“In the name of Allah, most gracious, most merciful,” he said in Arabic, reciting “The Opening,” phrases from the Koran that Muslims use to begin most gatherings.
“Thee do we worship,” he said, “and Thine aid we seek.”
The patch indicates that 15-year-old troop leader Yousof Omeish is fluent in Arabic and can serve as a translator. (Petula Dvorak/TWP)
Then they switched to their three-fingered Scout salute and recited the oath in English, including the promise to “do my duty to God and my country and to obey the Scout law.”
God/Allah, country, honor and knots. It's all unremarkable at this weekly Scout meeting at the Islamic Center of Northern Virginia.
[Attacks on American Muslims are growing uglier by the day. It must stop.]
Despite the ugly rhetoric of Donald Trump and the Islamophobia swirling around them, these Muslim boys aren't giving up on their dreams of becoming Eagle Scouts.
After the prayers and pledges, Troop 114 moved on to Scouting business — merit badges, ad­ven­ture trips, designing patrol flags, anyone knows how to play the bugle? — just like any other Scout meeting in any school, church, synagogue or community center across the country.
At this mosque in Fairfax City, Muslim boys are learning about canoeing, woodworking and tying knots. They love the campouts and get nervous when it's time to face the board of review — three women in hijabs at a table down the hall — to make each rank.
They chatter about qualifying for the next big trip — backpacking in New Mexico.
Republican presidential contender Donald Trump said on Dec. 7 that he was in favor of a '"total and complete" shutdown of Muslims entering the United States. (C-SPAN)
Yousof, a sophomore at W.T. Woodson High School, reminds them that all it takes is following the steps needed to achieve the right rank.
They could even make it to Eagle Scout in as little as 28 months. “It's possible,” he tells them. “You just have to do the work.”
They are participating in the most American of traditions. Earning badges, grinding out their Eagle Scout service projects.
And yet, each of them knows what some of America is saying about them. After horrifying attacks by extremists in Paris and San Bernardino, Calif., Trump and others want to bar Muslims from the United States, put mosques under surveillance and require Muslims to register with the government the way Jews were ordered to do in Nazi Germany.
“We are constantly explaining that all this ISIS and terrorists and those world events, that's not us,” one Scout said. “My friends know. But not everyone else does.”
Here's what I found amazing. Although the Boy Scouts of America struggled with accepting gay members and leaders, the organization welcomed Muslim boys decades ago — and has never stopped including them.
“It was in my handbook, like, 30 years ago, the emblems,” said Abdul Rashid Abdullah, 43, an Eagle Scout and U.S. Army veteran who is the main organizer of the Boy Scouts, Cub Scouts, Webelos, Venturers, Daisies, Brownies and Girl Scouts at the Islamic Center.
“This is as American as it gets,” Abdullah said. “Muslim Scouts were around when I was a kid. We've been around for years.”
The Girl Scouts even offer a more modest uniform for their Muslim members. And troops based at mosques all welcome non-Muslim members.
The National Association of Muslim Americans on Scouting lists about a dozen units in the Washington region.
At the Dulles Area Muslim Society, about 500 children participate in some level of Scouting. After helping to develop that program, Abdullah moved to the Islamic Center, where he has gotten a couple hundred kids into Scouting.
Troop 114 has four boys on track to make Eagle Scout. Their goal? Four Eagles by Ramadan.
Abdullah's son is one of the candidates. His Eagle service project is related to 3-D printed, prosthetic hands. Another boy, a student at Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology, is trying to start a STEM tutoring service for his project.
This is how they confront the Islamophobia. By working. By achieving. By being American kids.
“Here, we want them to learn more about being self-sufficient,” said Ahmed Abutaleb, Scoutmaster to Troop 114 by night, telecom engineer by day. “And to give them a break from computers, phones, electronics. It's a chance to get away from that world.
“And of course, we want them to learn to set a good example, to become good citizens.”
This is a theme that Yousof, the teenage troop leader, stresses at the end of their meeting.
“The Scout law? Apply that on a daily basis, as a Scout and as a Muslim, especially,” he tells the troop. “Every day, ask yourself: ‘Have I been helpful?' ”
Twitter: @petulad
President Trump told Vietnamese President Tran Dai Quang on Friday that he wants to expand cooperation with the Southeast Asian nation on trade and regional issues.
Trump made the overture in a letter to Quang one week before he meets with Chinese President Xi Jinping, according to the Vietnamese government's website.
Trump's letter affirmed "his wishes to promote cooperation on economics, trade, regional and international issues," according to a statement.
There have been increased tensions between Vietnam and China over the South China Sea in recent years after China began building island fortresses there. Many of the small islands where China is building its installations are claimed by Vietnam, Taiwan, the Philippines, Malaysia and Brunei.
Trump said last week that he expects the meeting with President Xi to be a difficult one. South China Sea concerns are expected to come up, along with a host of trade issues.
On Friday, two military warships left California en route to the South China Sea for military exercises.
Venue Soldier Field 1410 S. Museum Campus Drive
Chicago, IL 60605
Worst Weather Conditions in Sports History Last month the Green Bay Packers hosted the hottest game ever at their Lambeau Field home. At kickoff, the temperature was a toasty 89 degrees--pretty darn hot for northern Wisconsin, but far from the…
Best Chicago Bears Home & Away Games This Season At SeatGeek, our mission is to help fans get to more live events they'll love. By analyzing various data points including the team matchup, predicted weather, flight and hotel cost, and – of cours…
2017 MLS All-Star Game: What You Missed On Tuesday night, much of the world — well, much of the United States — saw the 22nd iteration of Major League Soccer's annual All-Star Game. In front of a stellar crowd at Chicago's Soldier F…
Want to get the latest Fantasy Tips and Updates? Follow Us!
A solid return from our front from captain Harry Kane, 11 from Kelechi Iheanacho, and 12 from Romelu Lukaku – helped us reach a 66 point total for the week.
That brought us healthily above the 48 point average score, but was somewhat bittersweet as our midfield and, in particular, our defence scored poorly, whilst Etienne Capoue once again languished on our bench with 10 points. As usual, we now turn our attention to the weekend, with an analysis of the bookmakers' defensive and attacking odds for Gameweek 6…
Defensive odds
Team Clean sheet odds Chance of a clean sheet Liverpool 1.8 56% Tottenham 2.5 40% Man Utd 2.5 40% Man City 36% Stoke 35% Crystal Palace 2.9 34% Everton 3 33% Watford 3 33% Burnley 31% Sunderland 3.3 30% Southampton 3.4 29% West Brom 29% Arsenal 3.6 28% West Ham 3.75 27% Middlesbrough 4 25% Chelsea 4.33 23% Bournemouth 4.33 23% Leicester 5.5 18% Hull 12 8% Swansea 21 5%
Despite not yet keeping a clean sheet in the Premier League this season, Liverpool are perched at the top of the bookies' defensive rankings for Gameweek 6, with a 56% chance of registering a shutout when they welcome Hull to Anfield on Saturday. With the Tigers adapting to life in the top flight rather well, scoring in 4 of their 5 games to date and sitting 12th in the league, this assignment is far from straightforward for the Jurgen Klopp's men, especially from a defensive standpoint. Still, the odds compilers are always going to look favourably upon a big team playing at home to a newly promoted outfit, so Simon Mignolet and Dejan Lovren make our starting XI.
Tottenham and Manchester United rank joint-second this week, with the bookies assigning them 40% chances of shutouts away to Middlesbrough and at home to champions Leicester respectively. We choose to double up on the Spurs defence rather than United's by virtue of the fact that the North Londoners have kept more clean sheets this season, 3 to the Jose Mourinho's 2. A trip to The Riverside, where Boro have scored just twice in 2 home games, holds promise for Mauricio Pochettino's men, so in come Kyle Walker and Cameron Carter-Vickers, with the latter taking a place on our bench as we save funds for further upfield. For Mourinho's men, Antonio Valencia continues to offer potential at both ends of the pitch as one of the most attacking fullbacks in the division, and makes our starting XI ahead of a home clash with Leicester, who have lost both away games they've played this term.
Manchester City (36%) and Stoke (35%) complete the top 5 defensive prospects for fantasy managers this weekend. City travel to South Wales to tackle Swansea for the second time in 4 days following their meeting in the League Cup on Wednesday, which ended 2-1 to the Citizens. John Stones is expected to return to the starting lineup, having been benched against Bournemouth, and is a substitute for us this weekend. For Stoke, who have conceded a league high 14 goals in 5 games, a home game against West Brom offers some comfort, with the Baggies only scoring 6 goals so far this campaign. That being said, 4 of those came last time out against West Ham, so, in order to save funds once again, and with confidence in Mignolet starting, we opt for Lee Grant to complete our goalkeeping requirements.
Before moving onto our analysis of the bookmakers attacking odds, a quick look at the bottom rungs of the clean sheet ladder tells us that defensive assets from Leicester (18% – away to Man United), Hull (8% – away to Liverpool) and Swansea (5% – home to Man City) should be avoided this weekend.
Attacking odds
Player Anytime goalscorer odds Chance of scoring Sergio Aguero 1.61 62% Daniel Sturridge 2 50% Sadio Mane 2.25 44% Kelechi Iheanacho 2.29 44% Kevin de Bruyne 2.29 44% Roberto Firmino 2.3 43% Philippe Coutinho 2.38 42% Zlatan Ibrahimovic 2.4 42% Romelu Lukaku 2.5 40% Diego Costa 2.7 37% Vincent Janssen 35% Olivier Giroud 2.9 34% Shane Long 2.9 34% Charlie Austin 2.9 34% Andre Gray 2.9 34% Alexis Sanchez 3 33% Christian Benteke 3 33% Odion Ighalo 3.12 32% Troy Deeney 3.12 32% Michy Batshuayi 3.13 32% Wayne Rooney 3.15 32% Raheem Sterling 31% Wilfried Bony 31% Jermain Defoe 31% Son Heung-Min 5 31% Salomon Rondon 3.3 30% Callum Wilson 3.3 30% Simone Zaza 3.4 29% Sam Vokes 3.4 29% Borja Baston 3.4 29% Anthony Martial 29% Dimitri Payet 29% Eden Hazard 3.6 28% Erik Lamela 3.7 27% Yannick Bolasie 3.75 27% Dusan Tadic 3.8 26% Kevin Mirallas 3.8 26% Alvaro Negredo 3.8 26% Bojan 3.8 26% Ross Barkley 3.9 26% Marko Arnautovic 3.9 26% Jamie Vardy 4 25% Christian Eriksen 4 25% Michail Antonio 4 25% Gerard Deulofeu 4.2 24% Manuel Lanzini 4.33 23% Duncan Watmore 4.33 23% Riyad Mahrez 4.4 23% Nathan Redmond 4.5 22% Cristhian Stuani 4.5 22% Gylfi Sigurdsson 4.5 22% Joshua King 4.5 22% Nacer Chadli 4.7 21% Willian 4.8 21% Santiago Cazorla 5 20% Andros Townsend 5.25 19% Mesut Ozil 5.3 19% Etienne Capoue 5.5 18% Gaston Ramirez 5.6 18% Wilfried Zaha 5.75 17% Abel Hernandez 6 17% Leroy Fer 6 17% Jordon Ibe 6.5 15% Roberto Pereyra 6.5 15% Robert Snodgrass 8 13% NEW TO WEEKLY FANTASY? PICK A FREE TEAM AND COMPETE FOR £10 HERE
Back from suspension, back atop the bookies' rankings, and back as our captain, Sergio Aguero makes his return this weekend with a 62% chance of finding the back of the net against Swansea. With 9 goals in 5 appearances in all competitions this term and Pep Guardiola's team firing on all cylinders, it is not hard to see why the bookmakers side with the Argentine, especially with the Swans conceding twice in each of their home games thus far.
Aguero is joined up front by Romelu Lukaku (40%) and Charlie Austin (34%) for Gameweek 6. Everton's Belgian powerhouse has scored 4 goals in his last 2 games and is expected to shrug off a minor injury in time for the trip to Bournemouth, who were hammered 4-0 last time out by Manchester City. Austin, meanwhile, has scored 4 in his last 3 outings in all competitions (twice in the Europa League, the winner against Swansea last Sunday and another in the League Cup), and has surely staked his claim for a start this weekend, especially given that the Saints have only mustered 4 goals in 5 Premier Leagues matches this season. Claude Puel's men will be hopeful as they travel to The Olympic Stadium on Sunday, with West Ham having conceded 13 goals in 5 games – the second worst defence in the league.
Viable options that we have had to overlook up front include Daniel Sturridge (50%) and Kelechi Iheanacho (44%), with security of starts an issue for both, whilst Zlatan Ibrahimovic (42%), Diego Costa (37%) and Vincent Janssen (35%) are all deemed too expensive for us to also be able to afford a decent midfield.
Our midfield this week consists of some potentially explosive options. Kevin de Bruyne (44%) has scored in each of his last 2 league outings and become a vital cog in the Pep Guardiola behemoth. A trip to South Wales will hold no fear for the Belgian superstar. Roberto Firmino (43%) returned from injury midweek and faces newly-promoted Hull at Anfield on Saturday. The Brazilian has scored 3 goals in 6 games in all competitions this term and will look to punish the Tigers, who conceded 4 last weekend against Arsenal.
Heung-Min Son (31%) should see more minutes for Spurs now that Harry Kane is sidelined, and after bagging a brace against Stoke in Gameweek 4, he looks set to be unleashed on a Middlesbrough defence that conceded 3 to Everton last Saturday. And speaking of Everton, Yannick Bolasie (27%) completes our midfield lineup. Having produced some eye-catching displays for his new club, the DR Congo international will be hoping to net his first goal for the Blues against Bournemouth this weekend, with the Cherries having the joint third poorest defence in the top flight (9 conceded in 5 games). Etienne Capoue (18%) must once again, unfortunately, make do with a place on our bench, despite notching 4 goals in the league so far and enjoying a trip to Burnley this weekend.
The bookies also fancy the chances of Liverpool duo Sadio Mane (44%) and Philippe Coutinho (42%), but we have to omit them for reasons of price and squad selection restraints respectively, whilst budget limitations also prevent us from selecting Alexis Sanchez (33%), Raheem Sterling (31%), Anthony Martial (29%), Dimitri Payet (29%) and Eden Hazard (28%).
BOOKIES' TEAM OF THE WEEK
Daniel Victory is a Fantasy football and anytime goalscorer betting enthusiast. Enjoys SSS – statistics, strategising and spreadsheets. Follow his great tips on Twitter.
Interviewer: Let's talk about jury. Did you know going in that you were voting for Sarah?
Sindy: I really wanted to hear the speeches. I wish Godfrey got more questions. Unfortunately with it being so chaotic a lot of people forgot who they were supposed to ask questions to, because JP and Bruno were supposed to ask Godfrey questions, and one other houseguest, as well. We were told if this was the final two, you are to ask this person a question and you are to ask this [other] person a question. We just found out that Ashleigh was the tenth jury member, and a lot of people were not able to process ‘oh now I'm supposed to ask this person a question,' and we just went into it. I felt like that was a big disadvantage because I think there was a slight possibility that if I knew more about Godfrey's game, he might have earned my vote. I knew Godfrey was a good gameplayer because I talked to him before, but during jury Bobby and Bruno couldn't tell us what he was doing, so we had nothing to work on when it comes to that. It's a hard situation, but I don't want people to think that I voted for Sarah because of our alliance. She was an amazing gameplayer. Godfrey just didn't have the chance to talk about his game.
C21's vision is to be the go-to platform for managing and trading all of your assets beyond just crypto, globally. They are offering the Stellar.org Community special early access to their pre-sale at $0.15 with no minimum through next Thursday at 11:59pm PST 9/14/17. (Actual pre-sale, min. $25k starts 9/15)
Rocksolve pre-sale ICO launches on 9/11 for their ROIN coin
Rocksolve is using Stellar to enable faster, quicker and more reliable payments (cross-border, micro and domestic), for geological services.
eSACCO ICO ends September 21st.
eSACCO is working to provide a social banking service to members while retaining the social values and advantages of a traditional savings and credit cooperative in Africa. The eSACCO Dividend Token (ESDT) is offered for sale on the Stellar blockchain platform direct from eSACCO and through Clic.World.
3 Common Misconceptions about ICO Law
In this post we help blockchain entrepreneurs better navigate this developing space by clearing up a few common misunderstandings surrounding the regulatory landscape.
Community
Roughly a dozen dirt bike riders on Wednesday snarled traffic on southbound Highway 101 in San Francisco, before some were caught on camera punching and kicking a Toyota Camry driver, who, according to a witness, tried to drive around them, but instead ended up with a broken leg. Kim Yonenaka reports. (Published Thursday, March 9, 2017)
Roughly a dozen dirt bike riders on Wednesday snarled traffic on southbound Highway 101 in San Francisco, before some were caught on camera punching and kicking a Toyota Camry driver, who, according to a witness, tried to drive around them, but instead ended up with a broken leg.
The California Highway Patrol is investigating the altercation that sparked around 6:15 p.m. near the Cesar Chavez exit, and was partially captured on cellphone video. A group of between 10 to 15 dirt bike and ATV riders were slowing down traffic when the driver of a white Toyota Camry tried to maneuver around them, Officer Vu Williams said.
According to a San Francisco resident, who witnessed the exchange but asked to remain anonymous, one of the dirt bike riders pulled up beside the driver and swerved toward him. The bike appears to fishtail, but the rider righted himself, said the witness, who recorded the skirmish, which he deemed "really odd."
A red car, which the witness said may have been associated with the dirt bike riders, also slowed in front of the Camry, effectively boxing him in. The driver pulled over to the side of the freeway, where he was surrounded by the remaining bike riders.
The ATVs and dirt bikes did not have license plates on them, according to Williams.
Investigators say gangs of dirt bike riders have been reported causing issues in various parts of the city for years. CHP officers say catching them has been tough because the bikes can go off road into hiding in seconds.
"They get on the road, doing their stunts, and then they flee," the CHP said.
Police warn drivers not to face off with the bikers, and suggest backing off and calling police.
"The level of what they are doing, the level of danger, how brazen they've become has risen exponentially because they continue to get away with this," CHP Officer Vu Williams said.
The witness Wednesday said he was unable to pinpoint whether the driver was dragged out of his car or if he disembarked of his own volition.
The bikers got into a verbal altercation with the driver, Williams said, adding that they struck the car with their bikes and fists. The witness noted that the riders smashed the vehicle's side windows and damaged its panels.
The man was also beaten and kicked, and then dumped in the middle of the freeway, while the bikers fled the scene, Williams said.
Video Shows Dirt Bikers Beating Man on Highway 101 in San Francisco
A gang of bike riders were caught on camera attacking a driver and vandalizing his car on Highway 101 in San Francisco. (Published Thursday, March 9, 2017)
The witness was among a group of drivers who stopped to help the injured man. Not only was one of his legs broken, but his face had also been bloodied and he had road rash on his arms. Although the victim was coherent, the witness, who called 911, said he was "really in agony."
A tow truck driver who had some experience administering first aid helped the man, who was then loaded into an ambulance and rushed to a nearby hospital.
The witness, who moved to San Francisco from New York, recalled a 2013 incident during which a motorcycle gang assaulted a man who was driving a Range Rover with his wife and son on the Henry Hudson Parkway.
When he saw Wednesday's clash, the man immediately wanted to stop his car and come to the victim's aid, but he felt "helpless" because he was outnumbered. That's why he decided to record the incident in the hopes that it would help authorities identify, arrest and prosecute the suspects.
"They're doing wheelies on the highway, they're trying to control the flow of traffic," the witness said. "This is not the way that traffic should operate ... They are a liability to others on the road."
Anyone who may have witnessed the incident should contact the CHP office at 415-557-1094 between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. Monday through Friday and ask for a watch officer. Outside of these hours, witnesses can contact the CHP Golden Gate Communications Center at 415-551-4100.
NBC Bay Area's Rick Boone and Kim Yonenaka contributed to this report.
A live bedbug provided by Terminix crawls across a dime. (Photo: Ken Lambert, Seattle Times, MCT)
A Detroit man was so overwhelmed by the bedbugs in his Midtown apartment that he sprayed himself with alcohol and then tried to light one of them on fire, badly burning himself in the ensuing flames.
By the time the accidental fire was extinguished, about four units had been destroyed by flames, and two dozen more received water damage.
The fire started at around 4:30 a.m. Sunday at the St. Antoine Gardens apartment complex on Chrysler Drive, just east of Wayne State's campus. That's when the man thought bedbugs had returned to his apartment and sprayed alcohol on his couch and body in an attempt to destroy them, said Dan Austin, a mayor's office spokesman.
But then, while sitting on the alcohol-doused couch, the man lit a cigarette and also tried to set one of the bedbugs on fire, Austin said. That caused the couch to catch aflame, along with the man's body.
Within minutes, Phyllis Waller heard shouts from her room just down the hall, on the building's eighth floor. When she looked through the peephole, the smoke was so thick that she couldn't see the door across the hall. She said she escaped by crawling to the stairwell.
The man who started the fire escaped as well, but his burns were severe. When resident Johanahn Larsosa saw him in the lobby, the skin on his arms seemed to be falling off. While they waited for help to arrive, the man got to his knees and asked Larsosa to pray with him.
“He was melting,” Larsosa said. “I was scared. He was screaming.”
The man was taken to a hospital, where he is still recovering, Austin said.
Bedbugs are endemic to St. Antoine Apartments, residents said Friday. Fifth-floor resident Rolando Millender said he knows of seven people on his floor alone who have filed complaints about bedbugs before.
Buy Photo A man trying to eliminate bedbugs sparked a fire at the St. Antoine Gardens apartment on Sunday, Jan. 3, 2016, in Detroit. (Photo: Daniel Bethencourt Detroit Free Press)
A management official on-site declined to comment, and other officials with the company could not be reached.
The man who started the fire had been complaining about bedbugs for at least four months, Waller said. Though she noted that a crew had been coming every two weeks to tackle bedbugs, Larsosa noted: “Obviously they didn't do enough.”
The situation has been made even worse by the response from the building's management, according to multiple residents.
When the Red Cross arrived on Sunday, residents by and large did not get help because the building's property manager said the “the situation was under control,” according to resident Phyllis Kuhn, who watched the exchange take place.
The Red Cross did find housing for one woman and her nine-month old child, but officials did not think that anyone else needed temporary housing, said a Red Cross spokesman, Perry Rech. On Thursday night, the Red Cross returned with 25 cots and blankets for residents at the request of the building's management, Rech added.
The management staff also bought about 20 pizzas for the residents on Sunday, and donuts and coffee on Monday and Tuesday, said resident Rolando Millender.
Still some people, like Waller, are living in their apartments, even though the hallway to her room remains seriously damaged. She added she has been coughing painfully throughout the day.
“It's extremely disappointing,” Kuhn said. She added, “We're dealing with management that doesn't have the empathy to be concerned with our needs.”
Many of the residents are receiving Section 8 assistance, though it's not clear if all of them do. The complex has about 120 units.
The man, who has not been identified, is not the first to spark a major fire in Detroit while fighting bedbugs. Sherry Young said she had been battling bedbugs for close to a year on the city's west side when she put rubbing alcohol all over herself and the floor, even as her oven and stovetop were on as well.
The fire caused the 48-unit complex roof to cave in, and most of the building was destroyed either by fire or water damage. Five people were taken to a hospital, including Young, who had minor injuries..
Contact Daniel Bethencourt: 313-223-4531 or dbethencourt@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter at @_dbethencourt.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1OWlbZO
Offseason Fantasy Quick Hits: Atlantic Division – Detroit Red Wings
It's already been a pretty wild off season in the NHL with lots of big names changing teams. As we are in the dog days of summer, we might as well get prepped for the 2016-17 season and discuss the fantasy impacts of all these moves. I introduce to you Offseason Fantasy Quick Hits. I will be discussing the fantasy impact of all major moves made by all NHL teams over the course of the summer. Part eleven of the series previews the Detroit Red Wings for this upcoming season.
Previous Articles:
Metropolitan Division
Atlantic Division
DETROIT RED WINGS
Got: Thomas Vanek, Frans Nielsen, Steve Ott
Lost: Pavel Datsyuk, Brad Richards, Kyle Quincey, Joakim Andersson
The Red Wings last missed the playoffs in 1990. If they missed it in 2017, I wouldn't be shocked. I have a very pessimistic outlook from a fantasy and real life perspective for the Red Wings this year.
Pavel Datsyuk (who was one of the most naturally talented and skilled players ever in the NHL) has gone home to Russia to play in the KHL. Brad Richards (not that he had much fantasy impact last year anyways) has retired.
Henrik Zetterberg – Another year older. Last year was the first glimpse of him showing his statistical decline. Opposing teams will be narrowing in on him to shut him down. He could top last year's 50 point output but I wouldn't really expect much more at this point. He's no longer a top guy to draft, and I probably wouldn't even draft him at all unless he really fell to the late rounds of my draft. I think his name holds too much value for him to fall that far, so I'll let someone else pick him.
Dylan Larkin is the only guy who really excites me. He's risen quickly as a top prospect. Still I don't see him topping 60 points this year. And that would be an incredible year for him.
Gustav Nyquist – Meh. I'd probably stay away in fantasy. He's too inconsistent to be anything more than a 50 point guy.
Tomas Tatar is another 50 point guy. I'd maybe take him as a late round pick if he's there but there are also probably better options for you in your draft.
The departure of “The Magic Man” Pavel Datsyuk may signal the beginning of the end of a very long playoff streak in Detroit.
Tomas Jurco may be ready to take the next step and be a full-time regular for the Red Wings, but still don't expect more than 50 points.
Defenseman Mike Green and Niklas Kronwall are draftable defense, but they really aren't more than 35 point guys at this stage in their careers. Maybe Green can put up 40, but he's injury prone and for d-men I'd probably look elsewhere. Also, I don't think you should draft Danny Dekeyser, who was overpaid with a massive extension this offseason.
Newcomer Thomas Vanek hasn't been very good in Minnesota the past 2 years. Maybe the change of scenery will do him good. He will likely get good powerplay time and play with Zetterberg, but I still don't like him as more than a 25 goal, 50 point guys until he proves he can play like he did in the past. I'd probably avoid him in drafts this year.
Newcomer Frans Nielsen is a consistent 50 point guys. Expect more of the same this year.
Petr Mrazek is definitely the more talented goalie of the netminders in Detroit. I'd definitely draft him as he has put up some solid numbers at every level he's played at. He just signed for a decent amount of money too which should guarantee him some playing time. The only thing I'm wary of is that Jimmy Howard makes too much money to be a backup goalie that only plays 20 games. I'd guess at this point that Mrazek gets about 50 starts and Howard 32, but that estimate is one hot or cold streak away from changing. Howard could take the ball and run with it, but of the two, I like Mrazek way better. If I did pick Mrazek I'd probably try to add Howard as well, even though I'm not really high on him. Generally I prefer goalies in fantasy who are clear-cut starters.
I wish I had more to say but I don't. Evgeny Svechnikov and Anthony Mantha may be fantasy relevant down the line but I don't think they will be this year.
Your comments and questions are welcome below and I will try to answer as soon as I can. Feel free to send all your fantasy hockey related questions to akiberg@gmail.com!
Thanks for reading!!!
DIA's Jung Chaeyeon will be starring in her first movie!
On April 27, Jung Chaeyeon's agency MBK Entertainment announced that she will be starring as the female lead character in an upcoming television film titled “Love Again” (tentative title). Rapper San E will be playing the male lead role opposite her.
“Love Again” is a fantasy mystery film that centers around a genius songwriter (San E) who goes through a traumatizing event and becomes unable to write any more songs. But when the songwriter discovers a mysteriously alluring tune through his social media and leaves for Vietnam, he begins to find his true self. Jung Chaeyeon will challenge herself to play a dual role as a purehearted and mysterious woman.
“Love Again” will begin filming in June at sets in both Korea and Vietnam. It will premiere at movie theaters sometime during the second half of this year and air on various TV channels.
Meanwhile, Jung Chaeyeon's group, DIA, is actively promoting their latest song “Will You Go Out With Me.”
Are you looking forward to seeing Jung Chaeyeon try out a dual role?
Source (1)
KUALA LUMPUR: The prevailing attitude among many Malaysians is that it is all right if ideas come from the Middle East but not all right if they come from the West, said Marina Mahathir.
Describing it as “a form of colonialism,” the social activist said all Malaysians should be very concerned about the trend where Arabic culture was taking over Malaysian culture.
In an interview with Southeast Asia Globe magazine, Marina said: “This is a huge issue because it's not just a matter of dress, but mentality.”
She said when she brought this up, there were those who asked what was wrong with such an attitude, as Malaysia had always absorbed different things.
“Yeah, but we absorb it normally, organically. These days it feels imposed. There's so much pressure. If you work in the Government sector as a woman you feel compelled to wear the tudung (headscarf) or you are sidelined.”
On Women's rights, Marina said: “Malaysia is a funny place. Honestly, it's not like many Muslim countries. Women here are educated and achieve high positions. But the mentality remains, especially among men, that a woman's place is smaller. Especially at home, women always have to submit to the husband.” She said this attitude had much to do with religious law.
Asked about the “Save Malaysia” campaign led by her father, former Prime Minister Dr Mahathir Mohamad, she said: “I think it's good. I was there for the ‘People's Congress' on 27 March, where my dad was keynote speaker.
“Just seeing the line-up, the greatest achievement was having all these (political enemies) expressing different opinions, but as equals, forced to respect each other.
“You see, politics in this country is all about: ‘I'm right, the other side is the devil.' It was great to see attendees listen to the Opposition with expressions on their faces like: ‘Well, this guy is making a lot of sense, too.' This allows for such a broader perspective, it's a great achievement.”
On the Bersih rallies demanding for free and fair elections, and speaking up against actions of the authorities that are detrimental to society, she said many people had told her, “You say what we think”.
Marina told the magazine that Malaysians have had a good life and had, therefore, become too complacent about what was happening in the nation.
Everything, she said, was about not wanting to give up the nice life.
On her father, Marina said: “I keep telling people I'm not my dad's PR person, he's perfectly capable of taking care of himself… We have very different opinions.”
The Philadelphia Eagles' organized team activities (OTAs) schedule officially begins today on Tuesday, May 23. The team is entering the third and final phase of their voluntary offseason workout program.
Follow @BrandonGowton
Eagles practice begins around 11:15 AM ET. Head coach Doug Pederson will address media today before practice around 10:45 AM ET.
Remember, no live contact is taking place at this point in the offseason. Players are allowed to wear helmets but no shells are permitted. Players will be available to media after practice is over around 2:00 PM ET. Carson Wentz is scheduled to speak in the auditorium around 2:30 PM ET.
I'll be covering OTAs live from the Eagles' headquarters at the NovaCare Complex. Follow along with live Twitter updates from myself (@BrandonGowton) and other Philly beat reporters that will appear in the list below. Also make sure you like on the Bleeding Green Nation Facebook page (click here) in order for live videos of practices, press conferences, player interviews, and more.
Tweets from https://twitter.com/BleedingGreen/lists/eagles-news
As a reminder, here's a look at the remaining Eagles offseason workout schedule. All of these events are voluntary save for the mandatory minicamp taking place from Jun 13-15.
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 23-25; May 30-June 1; June 5-6, 8-9.
Mandatory Minicamp: June 13-15.
BGN Coverage: The following practices are open to the media: May 23, May 30, June 5, June 9, and June 13-15.
Children as young as eleven years old are being incarcerated in juvenile correction facilities in Swaziland for up to ten years, even though they have committed no crimes.
And, the trend to lock innocent children up is increasing, a United Nations group examining human rights in Swaziland was told.
Parents collaborate with the Commissioner of Correctional Services in what was described as 'the best interests of the child'.
A report submitted jointly to the United Nations Human Rights Council Universal Periodic Review of Swaziland April-May 2016 by SOS-Swaziland, Super Buddies, Prison Fellowship and Luvatsi - Swaziland Youth Empowerment Organisation, gave the example of one child aged 11.
Their report stated, 'There is a growing trend of child and youth abuse done by the state and the parents purportedly in "the best interests of the child". Children and youths are illegal incarcerated in prison centres by parents in collaboration with the Commissioner of Correctional Services who claims that the children are unruly.
'In one incident, Grace (not her real name) who is a single parent to John (not his real name) wrote a request letter to the Commissioner of Correctional Services requesting that John be incarcerated for unruly behaviour. In the letter, Grace states her concerns that eleven years old John might not finish school; hence her reason for wanting him incarcerated and attending the juvenile school at Malkerns Industrial School for Rehabilitation.
'Responding to the same letter of request by Grace, the Commissioner of Correctional Services stated that under normal circumstances, they do not admit persons who have not been sentenced by the courts and directed therein through committal warrants.
'However, the Commissioner agreed to rehabilitate John under the stated conditions; that the 11 years old John is institutionalised at the juvenile school for 10 years; there is an order from a presiding officer giving him a custodial order of ten years without remission; and that he will cooperate with His Majesty's Correctional Services while under its care.
'With that response, Grace [sic] the letter to a presiding officer who then wrote a custodial order for the stipulated time and John was admitted to the juvenile school in 2013. The 11 years old John lodges with other juveniles who have been charged by the court of law for various crimes they have committed. Grace pays tuition fees and up-keep fees for John, and she will continue doing so for the next ten years until 11 years old John is 21 years.
'This case is one of many, and the children are of different ages and varying backgrounds. It is only recently that a joint task team comprising of UNICEF, Prison Fellowship Swaziland, Lawyers for Human Rights-Swaziland, Save the Children Swaziland working together with the department of home affairs are exploring means to curb this situation and probably provide solutions for both the parents and children.'
In 2012, the Times Sunday newspaper in Swaziland reported that Isaiah Mzuthini Ntshangase, Swaziland's Correctional Services Commissioner, was encouraging parents to send their 'unruly children' to the facility if they thought they were badly behaved.
Ntshangase was speaking at the open day of the Juvenile Industrial School at the Mdutshane Correctional Institution. He told the newspaper, 'Noticing the strife that parents go through when raising some of their children who are unruly, we decided to open our doors to assist them.'
The school not only corrected offenders but assisted 'in the fight against crime by rooting out elements from a tender age', the newspaper reported him saying. The children 'will be locked up, rehabilitated and integrated back to society', the Times reported.
The school accommodates pupils who were both in conflict with the law and delinquents, the Times said. There were 279 children locked up at the time of the interview.
The Times interviewed some of the inmates and found a 15-year-old girl locked up by her guardian because she had developed a relationship with a boyfriend that the guardian did not like.
Another girl interviewed was an orphan who 'lived a town life'. She was reported saying, 'In our dormitories which we share, we are deprived all the nice and good things.'
She added the rules at the institution were tough, 'This place is not for the faint-hearted because you lose a lot of privileges that are freely accessible outside. There is neither clubbing, drinking nor time for boys.'
One unemployed father of an 11-year-old boy said he put his son in the facility because he did not have money to pay school fees. 'I am grateful that my son is in school. I cannot afford his education because I am old. My wish is that he finishes school to earn a decent living,' he said.
The guardian of one girl said before she was admitted at the school, she had not been able to contain her behaviour. 'My biggest problem was that I had lost her. She dropped out of school together with my niece (sister's daughter) who is an orphan,' she said.
Children reported that they were not beaten but they were badly fed, getting their supper at around 3pm, which meant they went to bed hungry.
This was not the first time the Swazi juvenile correction facility had been under the spotlight.
In August 2010, it was revealed that a 12-year-old boy was serving one year in Mdutshane because he insulted his grandmother. He had been sentenced to an E300 fine (about US$40), but was too poor to pay so was jailed instead.
NBC 6's Jamie Guirola speaks to one of the victim's of Tuesday's mass shooting. (Published Tuesday, June 24, 2014)
VIctim of Mass Shooting Says Something Must Be Done
Two people were killed and seven more people shot, a teen girl critically, when somebody sprayed dozens of rounds at a Miami apartment complex early Tuesday, in one of the city's worst mass shootings.
Kevin Richardson, 30, died at the scene, and Nakiel Jackson, 26, died after he was taken to Jackson Memorial Hospital, Miami police said.
“I had my back turned,” said shooting victim Devon McNeal from his hospital bed. “I was gettin' up and walk away. I was getting ready to leave and I got shot in the back.”
Family, Friends Mourn Those Killed in Miami Shooting
Two people were killed and seven others were hospitalized after a mass shooting in Miami early Tuesday. NBC 6's Steve Litz speaks with family members about the tragic incident. (Published Tuesday, June 24, 2014)
The barrage of gunfire — police estimate between 50 and 60 shots fired — left a trail of bullets and blood stains throughout the apartment building at NW 12th Avenue and 65th Street around 2 a.m.
Police have not said what may have prompted the shooting, saying it was too soon to speculate.
“We are not too sure at this point what it was, whether it was a drive-by or someone walked up or someone was on an actual bike,” said Miami police spokeswoman Frederica Burden.
The injured victims were rushed to Jackson Memorial, among them a 17-year-old girl named Jessica who was in critical condition with life-threatening gunshot wounds. The girl's sister told NBC 6 the teen was shot four or five times.
One of the teen's friends, Sharon Saint Fluer, said late Tuesday that the teen is “doing good” and that, “she realizes just how easily she could have lost her life.”
McNeal was taken to the hospital in serious condition. Earlier in the day, his uncle said McNeal was shot four times. McNeal said enough is enough with the shootings.
2 Killed, Multiple Wounded in Miami Shooting
Two people were killed and seven others were hospitalized after a mass shooting in Miami early Tuesday. NBC 6's Hank Tester reports. (Published Tuesday, June 24, 2014)
“Some changes need to be made,” McNeal said Tuesday night. “Something needs to be done.”
It was a message that Saint Fluer also shared with McNeal.
“It seems as if this is just like a revolving door,” Saint Fluer said. “Not until it actually hits home and It's somebody personal; it's just like we're getting used to it. You watch the news every day, it's like okay, here we go again.”
Also in the hospital were Kenneth Mintz, whose condition is unknown, and another man whose family refused to identify him.
According to the Miami Herald, the shooters were two men carrying an AK-47 and an MR-15. Both stepped out of a dark SUV and began firing, the Herald reported.
2 Killed, Multiple Injured in Miami Shooting
Police are investigating a Miami shooting that left two dead and multiple others injured. (Published Tuesday, June 24, 2014)
"If someone's seen anything, I wish you guys [would] come forward. He was somebody's son, he was somebody's father," said Bennae Robinson, Richardson's aunt.
Anyone with information is asked to call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS.
While we usually limit our focus to the traditional media in Australia, today's National Press Club address contained a piece of intellectual dishonesty so egregious that I simply could not let it pass. Barnaby Joyce was asked where he'd find 3.2 billion dollars to fund the coalition's climate change policy, take a look at his […]
While we usually limit our focus to the traditional media in Australia, today's National Press Club address contained a piece of intellectual dishonesty so egregious that I simply could not let it pass.
Barnaby Joyce was asked where he'd find 3.2 billion dollars to fund the coalition's climate change policy, take a look at his response.
[youtube]http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNLkCRgHrbA[/youtube]
Do you see what happened there? Barnaby tried to pretend that $3.2 billion is less than $1,400 million. He actually slipped up at the beginning of his answer and said he had $1.4 billion of Labor spending to cut, before reframing it as $1,400 million, then went on to say he could find 3.2 out of 1400. But he's not trying to find $3.2 million, out of a possible $1,400 million, he's trying to find $3.2 billion.
This is one of Senator Joyce's first major appearances as opposition finance spokesman and he has deliberately tried to fudge some pretty straight forward figures, it does not bode well for the quality of information he'll supply during the election campaign.
(Visited 11 times, 1 visits today)
This week at the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco, there was some unique news for the DJing world – an Austin-based team of virtual reality experts and local DJ/producer Grimecraft have teamed up to launch the first VR DJ setups with a system called TheWave. Learn how this VR tech could bring DJ sets to audiences around the world – and watch a sample of a VR DJ set inside.
What Does A VR DJ Set Look Like?
It's pretty hard to get a good feeling for any type of new VR experience with an embedded video (if you've used a newer Samsung Gear, Oculus Rift, or even just Cardboard VR, you know how different the video versus the experience is). Last week, Grimecraft may have made history by livestreaming the first DJ set performed entirely in VR. Watch it below:
What happens when you remove a traditional club / festival environment from reality, and recreate it from the ground up? In TheWave, visuals can be a fully immersive experience. It's like taking the concepts of silent disco, VR, and live streaming DJ site Mixify and putting them all into one. As Grimecraft put it on the first announcement of the concept:
“Forget everything you know about live music. Now imagine a new way of creating and performing music using VR. Imagine it's so easy that anyone, regardless of skill, can be a virtual reality artist. What if you could perform live in a virtual venue that is listening to each note you play, and reacting visually for you and the audience?
What would a bass drum feel like? What would it look like? And what happens when the bass drops…”
Why Watch A DJ Set In VR?
What makes the concept of virtual DJ sets or concerts appealing? For a large part of the world, the performers that they want to see are not playing in their city regularly. But if your favorite DJ puts on a show online in VR, then you could easily join into the show and watch them perform without leaving the comfort of your bedroom.
To be clear, this does not seem like it's going to supplant or take over the club experience. People are likely not going to be wearing VR headsets in the club – you already have that experience there. Instead, it's bringing the club to everyone, everywhere.
The DJ or visuals team can have complete control of the environment – instead of looking at visuals on the stage, you're inside of the visuals experience. You can see and interact with other audience members. You could even walk up to the DJ booth and try to trainspot.
It's also very much a silent disco-like experience when you're wearing headphones – the music can be bumping, but you're not bothering anyone around you. We've heard that for some of the press demos at GDC, they've attached Subpac M2s (wearable subwoofer backpack units) to the viewers as well so they can experience a full tactile bass sensation as well.
How Does A DJ Play In VR?
This is a great question – and if you watch the embedded video at the top of the article, it's clear that right now it's being done in a way that mostly emulates a traditional DJing setup, just in three-dimensional virtual space. But it's VR – there's no reason that a DJ setup would have to even remotely resemble a traditional workflow.
In TheWave, the DJ is using the HTC Vive VR gear, which includes a headset and two hand controllers that allow quick manipulation of objects in 3D VR space. In the demo we've seen, Grimecraft also has large boxes that control filters and EQ, as well as basic VU level meters for each deck. It's a pretty basic DJing setup – but step one here is absolutely creating something usable before creating new DJ workflows.
There's quite a bit more detail that we want to know about this setup, so next week we'll be shooting a full How I Play / video interview with Grimecraft. If you have specific questions you want to make sure are covered in the interview, please speak up in the comments below!
U.S. Senator Tammy Baldwin Announces She Will Oppose the Confirmation of Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State
WASHINGTON, D.C. – U.S. Senator Tammy Baldwin released the following statement announcing she will oppose Rex Tillerson's confirmation as Secretary of State:
“Last Congress, I introduced legislation to slow the revolving door and ensure that our public servants are working for the public interest, not their former – or future – employers. I was inspired to introduce this legislation when I saw several Obama Administration appointees receive multimillion-dollar bonuses for leaving their jobs and joining the government. These ‘government service golden parachutes,' as they're known, demonstrate how valuable some companies believe it is to have friends in high places. Rex Tillerson, the President's nominee to serve as Secretary of State, received a $180 million payout from Exxon Mobil that he would have had to forfeit had he taken a job elsewhere. What's more, reports indicate that the deal he struck allows him to defer paying $71 million in taxes. It's hard to imagine that our nation's top diplomat will forget such a favor.
“I remain as opposed to this practice under the Trump Administration as I was during the Obama Administration. Wisconsin families can't afford to have corporate insiders running our government to rig the rules on behalf of their corporate clients. That is why I reintroduced the Financial Services Conflict of Interest Act this week to ensure that our government is truly of the people, by the people, and for the people. To ensure that President Trump's cabinet officials are working in the national interest instead of their own interests. To ensure that they are working for their current employers—the American people—instead of their former employers. In the case of Mr. Tillerson, these questions of influence, favoritism, and priorities is particularly troubling. It is troubling because during his tenure leading Exxon, Mr. Tillerson showed disregard, if not outright contempt at times, for putting U.S. policy first. Whether in the Middle East, Africa, or Russia, Exxon's bottom line was his overriding priority. Now with $180 million of Exxon's money in his pocket and after 40 years with the company, should we take it on faith that his priorities will suddenly change? Should we blindly accept that this corporate payout deal won't ever influence his decision-making in government? My legislation would outlaw this $180 million payout and ensure Rex Tillerson and other government leaders are working on behalf of the American people, not special interests.
“This past Saturday, President Trump called Vladimir Putin to discuss a more cozy relationship with Russia. The same Vladimir Putin who illegally invaded Ukraine and actively seeks to divide and destroy NATO, our most important security alliance. The same Vladimir Putin who is responsible for directing cyberattacks meant to influence and undermine our elections and democratic process. The same Vladimir Putin who fights alongside the murderous Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad and is responsible for war crimes—indiscriminately bombing innocent civilians in Aleppo. The same Vladimir Putin who gave Rex Tillerson the Order of Friendship following his business dealings in Russia. We need a Secretary of State who understands the threat posed by nations like Russia, not someone who is cozy with Vladimir Putin. We need a nominee with experience in foreign affairs and foreign policy, not a billionaire oil tycoon who has spent his career fighting to ensure government policies help the oil industry.
“Rex Tillerson is not this nominee. And for all of these reasons, I oppose the nomination of Rex Tillerson to serve as Secretary of State.”
Story highlights Obama shared three positive stories on Twitter
"Each of us can make a difference," he tweeted
Washington (CNN) Barack Obama continues to have hope.
The former President took to Twitter on Friday to share some stories he said "remind us what's best about America."
"As we count down to the new year, we get to reflect and prepare for what's ahead," he tweeted. "For all the bad news that seemed to dominate our collective consciousness, there are countless stories from this year that remind us what's best about America."
As we count down to the new year, we get to reflect and prepare for what's ahead. For all the bad news that seemed to dominate our collective consciousness, there are countless stories from this year that remind us what's best about America. — Barack Obama (@BarackObama) December 29, 2017
In his tweet thread, Obama shared a news article about Kat Creech, a wedding planner in Houston who turned a postponed wedding into a volunteer opportunity for Hurricane Harvey victims.
He also tweeted about Eagles defensive end Chris Long giving his paychecks from the NFL season to fund scholarships in Charlottesville, Virginia, and Jahkil Jackson, a 10-year-old who created kits full of socks, toiletries and food for homeless people in Chicago.
All across America people chose to get involved, get engaged and stand up. Each of us can make a difference, and all of us ought to try. So go keep changing the world in 2018. — Barack Obama (@BarackObama) December 29, 2017
Read More
SAN RAFAEL (CBS SF) – One of the three defendants charged with killing a Canadian tourist in San Francisco's Golden Gate Park and a yoga instructor on a Marin County trail pleaded guilty Monday in a plea bargain agreement.
Marin County District Attorney Ed Berberian said that Sean Angold pleaded guilty to one count of second-degree murder and will also testify against his co-defendants – 23-year-old Morrison Lampley and 19-year-old Lila Alligood.
If found guilty, Lampley and Alligood could be sentenced to life in prison without parole. The Marin County District Attorney's Office decided against seeking the death penalty.
A preliminary hearing in the case was scheduled to begin next week.
Audrey Carey, who was visiting the Bay Area from Quebec, was found murdered in the park on Oct. 3rd. near where the Hardly Strictly Bluegrass Festival was being held.
Two days later, Steve Carter — a prominent Tantric teacher — was killed as he walked his dog on a trail in Marin's Loma Alta Open Space Preserve and the trio allegedly stole his car to flee the Bay Area.
The trio was arrested in Portland outside of a soup kitchen on Oct. 7 and had Carter's stolen car with them. They also had stolen property including Carey's passport and the stolen gun allegedly used in the slayings.
Prosecutors say they believe Lampley was the gunman in both shootings.
The defendants are being prosecuted in Marin Superior Court for both homicide cases.
7/22/2014 Update: This Dodge has been sold.
From 7/16/2014:
This 1942 Dodge WC53 Carryall (chassis 42491550) served its original Minnesota gravel pit operator owner for 62 years before being purchased by the seller in 2008. Since then it's received a full body-off restomod treatment and now features much improved running gear including a Hercules 3.7 liter turbodiesel, New Process 4-speed manual and dual range transfer case, power assisted four wheel discs, and a centered limited slip rear differential. We think it looks great sitting over powder coated Humvee wheels, and the seller adds that it offers a vastly improved driving experience over a stock example. It is now available in Cambridge, Massachusetts for $35,000.
​In part with meaty Goodyear radials, those sandblasted, powder coated military surplus beadlock H1 wheels make for a great stance. Drab beige suits the mil-spec vibe well and bodywork appears to be straight and solid, with equally good paint and trim. One exception is the running boards, which exhibit some moderate peeling and surface rust due to poor prep work. The seller adds that the boards themselves are heavy duty steel reproductions and require nothing but stripping and respray. Overall the truck appears clean and cared for but not overly so, displaying a light patina throughout—perfectly ideal for an old workhorse. Tinted glass is all new, and the original fabric roof opening has been closed with a neatly welded in sheet steel panel.
​Inside, new, good looking green and white faced Stewart Warner gauges sit beneath factory light pods, modern three point belts work in combination with Recaro style mid back seats upholstered in a complementary shade of light brown fabric, and the rear compartment is floored in fresh teak. Things look quite tidy, but in keeping with the exterior there are a few character-adding spots of worn paint like on the steering column and the metal pedestal on which the truck's array of drivetrain operating levers sit. Check out the window winders for the rearmost set of side windows—all side glass retracts and additional handles are included.
​The truck presents similarly underneath with solid frame rails, floors and suspension mounting points—even the bottom side of the teak floor remains clean. Leaf springs are new, and diferentials have been rebuilt with 4.89:1 gear ratios. As mentioned above, the rear unit has been centered, curing the stock setup's propensity to cook transfer cases. The rear pumpkin further benefits from limited slip internals, while lockout hubs are mounted in front. The New Process 4-speed transmission has been rebuilt and is fully synchronized, making for easier progress compared to the factory original crashbox.
​Rebuilt by Hercules, the turbodiesel looks at home underneath the the wide coffin nosed hood and should provide ample torque and flexibility for modern day traffic—up to a certain point of course, as final gearing will restrict top speed to a largely noise-tolerance limited 55 MPH. Exhaust is full stainless steel, and recent work includes rebuilding of the Bosch injection pump as well as refurbishment of the diffs and transfer case.
​A Braden MU2, 10,000 lb. PTO driven winch looks cool with its canvas cable cover, a Saginaw built system provides power steering assistance, wiring is all new, vacuum operated wipers have been rebuilt, and the truck is fully POR-15 rust treated following restoration. Parts availability remains surprisingly good even today due to what the seller calls extensive—if not excessive—parts stockpiling under US government contract.
Check out the additional photos here in the Flickr album and slideshow below.
Today, the FCC voted on Chairman Ajit Pai's proposal to repeal and replace net neutrality protections enacted in 2015. The verdict: to move forward with Pai's proposal
We're deeply disheartened. Today's FCC vote to repeal and replace net neutrality protections brings us one step closer to a closed internet. Although it is sometimes hard to describe the “real” impacts of these decisions, this one is easy: this decision leads to an internet that benefits Internet Service Providers (ISPs), not users, and erodes free speech, competition, innovation and user choice.
This vote undoes years of progress leading up to 2015's net neutrality protections. The 2015 rules properly place ISPs under “Title II” of the Communications Act of 1934, and through that well-tested basis of legal authority, prohibit ISPs from engaging in paid prioritization and blocking or throttling of web content, applications and services. These rules ensured a more open, healthy Internet.
Pai's proposal removes the 2015 protections and re-re-classifies ISPs under “Title I,” which courts already have determined is insufficient for ensuring a truly neutral net. The result: ISPs would be able to once again prioritize, block and throttle with impunity. This means fewer opportunities for startups and entrepreneurs, and a chilling effect on innovation, free expression and choice online.
Net neutrality isn't an abstract issue — it has significant, real-world effects. For example, in the past, without net neutrality protections, ISPs have imposed limits on who can FaceTime and determined how we stream videos, and also adopted underhanded business practices.
So what's next and what can we do?
We're now entering a 90-day public comment period, which ends in mid-August. The FCC may determine a path forward as soon as October of this year.
During the public comment period in 2015, nearly 4 million citizens wrote to the FCC, many of them demanding strong net neutrality protections. We all need to show the same commitment again.
We're already well on our way to making noise. In the weeks since Pai first announced his proposal, more than 100,000 citizens (not bots) have signed Mozilla's net neutrality petition at mzl.la/savetheinternet. And countless callers (again, not bots) have recorded more than 50 hours of voicemail for the FCC's ears. We need more of this.
We're also planning strategic, direct engagement with policymakers, including through written comments in the FCC's open proceeding. Over the next three months, Mozilla will continue to amplify internet users' voices and fuel the movement for a healthy internet.
Yum? Screenshot from Burger King
To kick off 2015, Burger King is falling back on a basic: super-cheap chicken nuggets. Starting today, Burger King will sell its 10-piece chicken nuggets for $1.49, or 15 cents per nugget. That's about half that item's regular price of $2.99, according to Bloomberg, and also cheaper than the rate that McDonald's sells its 50-piece chicken McNuggets at ($9.99 for 50 or 20 cents per nugget).*
Burger King's promotion is obviously designed to undercut its direct fast-food competitors. “They're competing aggressively with McDonald's, and they're doing it as a very low price to draw people in,” Darren Tristano, executive vice president at food and restaurant research firm Technomic, told Bloomberg. “The goal is to steal share from the other burger brands around them.”
Just as important, though, is for chains like Burger King to draw back foot traffic and interest from rapidly growing fast-casual restaurants like Chipotle. The red-hot fast-casual sector has pulled customers away from both traditional casual dining chains—think Red Lobster, Olive Garden—and cheap fast-food options. The promise of Chipotle (other than rice, beans, and guac) is a fairly good, quick meal, with more ambiance than you'd get in a McDonald's or Burger King, but only a slightly higher price tag.
So far, the fast-casual formula has proven incredibly popular and left the likes of McDonald's struggling to dispel widespread consumer skepticism and appear more transparent about the healthiness of their food. But Burger King, for its part, seems to be hoping that with certain core diners, cheap calories will still win out.
*Correction, Jan. 12, 2015: This post originally misstated that Burger King's 10-piece chicken nuggets were selling for $1.49, or 10 cents per nugget. $1.49 for 10 nuggets is about 15 cents per nugget.
REGINA — The Saskatchewan Roughriders were busy on Tuesday, announcing the addition of six players including national running back Dillon Campbell and international running back Michael Ford.
The team also announced that former defensive back Terrell Maze has retired from the Canadian Football League.
International defensive back Kacy Rodgers was the only one added to the active roster, while Campbell, Ford, national defensive lineman Makana Henry, international receiver Caleb Holley and international linebacker Marte Sears were added to the practice roster.
To make room, the Riders released five, including quarterback B.J. Coleman, defensive lineman Cedric McKinley, offensive linemen Aaron Picton and T-Dre Player and defensive back Joel Brtka.
Maze played 57 regular season games over four years with the Green and White after originally signing with the team as a free agent in April, 2012. The San Diego State product registered 140 defensive tackles, 20 pass knockdowns, three forced fumbles and one quarterback sack.
Now 32, Maze also registered three interceptions including a 28-yard return for a touchdown.
He also added four career playoff games and played in one Grey Cup game with the Riders, winning in 2013.
Maryland and the rest of the Northeast face more heat waves and smog, heavier downpours and storm-driven flooding that could damage Baltimore's port, according to a new report released by the Obama administration.
The third National Climate Assessment, drawing on new research findings over the past four years, concludes that climate change is already occurring, impacting virtually every region and key sectors of the U.S. economy.
The White House and environmental groups said the assessment underscores the need to do more to curtail climate-altering emissions, while also preparing to adapt to the unavoidable impacts of changes already under way.
The report comes at a time when the Obama administration faces growing political pressure over the Keystone XL pipeline, with Congress considering approving it after the administration delayed its decision on the project amid intense opposition from environmentalists.
Besides updating the growing scientific evidence of climate change, the report projects impacts in every region. In the mid-Atlantic, it predicts there'll be more than 60 more days of temperatures above 90 degrees Fahrenheit by mid-century than were normal in the 1990s. That could worsen summertime smog, it says, increasing health risks for vulnerable children and adults.
Changing weather patterns are likely to affect the region's farming and fishing industries, the report says. Maryland and neighboring Delaware are particularly vulnerable to rising sea level and storms because of their extensive, relatively flat coastlines, the report notes. And it warns that as much as a third of Baltimore's port, a major economic engine for the state, could be impacted by more severe coastal flooding expected as a result of rising sea levels.
Unable to get any climate legislation through Congress, the Obama administration has pressed ahead with regulations and executive actions to clamp down on carbon emissions from power plants, improve energy efficiency of buildings and motor vehicles and promote renewable power.
Maryland is among the states that have taken action as well, developing a plan for curbing carbon emissions within its borders while promoting development of more renewable energy. The O'Malley administration also has tried to get local communities to plan for climate impacts, particularly rising sea level and severe storms.
A column or article in the Opinions section (in print, this is known as the Editorial Pages).
Opinion A column or article in the Opinions section (in print, this is known as the Editorial Pages).
President Trump and Vice President Pence walk through the White House in Washington on June 22. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
Vice President Pence is spending considerable time cultivating big-money Republican donors at small, private events, including hedge fund managers and executives from brokerage houses, chemical giants and defense contractors, Kenneth P. Vogel Vice President Pence is spending considerable time cultivating big-money Republican donors at small, private events, including hedge fund managers and executives from brokerage houses, chemical giants and defense contractors, Kenneth P. Vogel reports at the New York Times. Many of these events, whose participants are kept secret from the media and are omitted from Pence's public schedule, have been taking place at the vice-presidential residence at the Naval Observatory, as well as other nongovernment venues.
While cultivating support from deep-pocketed business interests is nothing new in GOP politics, Pence's activities raise the question of whether he is doing this for Trump-Pence 2020 — or for himself. As Vogel's piece points out, Pence's intimate confabs with wealthy donors and conservative power brokers “have fueled speculation among Republican insiders that he is laying the foundation for his own political future, independent from Mr. Trump.”
From the Michael Flynn scandal to James Comey's firing, Vice President Pence has repeatedly had his official statements defending the Trump administration contradicted - sometimes by the president himself. (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
All of this suggests something important about President Trump. Despite Pence's protestations to the contrary, the vice president looks to be preparing for his own political future. Beyond this clear signal about his own political ambitions, Pence's actions raise the question of whether he has lost confidence in Trump's ability to come out of the Russia investigation unscathed.
opinions plum-line Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You're all set! See all newsletters true :: test The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters. Try 1 month for 99¢
This is not the first time that Pence, in his short tenure as Trump's vice president, has sparked chatter about his political ambitions — unyoked from Trump. In May, Pence filed paperwork with the Federal Election Commission, forming his own political action committee, the Great America Committee, marking “the first time a sitting vice president has formed such a separate political arm,” NBC News This is not the first time that Pence, in his short tenure as Trump's vice president, has sparked chatter about his political ambitions — unyoked from Trump. In May, Pence filed paperwork with the Federal Election Commission, forming his own political action committee, the Great America Committee, marking “the first time a sitting vice president has formed such a separate political arm,” NBC News reported at the time.
The Great America Committee is apparently not wasting any time. Vogel reports that last Thursday, it “held a reception for prospective donors at the Washington offices of the powerful lobbying firm BGR.”
In holding donor events, Great America Committee will do nothing to quell speculation about Pence's intentions. When he first launched the PAC in May, Pence aides In holding donor events, Great America Committee will do nothing to quell speculation about Pence's intentions. When he first launched the PAC in May, Pence aides attempted to play down the move by saying its resources will be used to support Republican congressional candidates in the 2018 midterms. But that characterization didn't diminish how unusual this was: Traditionally, vice presidents tap the resources of their party to support congressional candidates, rather than create their own fundraising organization.
It's highly unusual, if not unprecedented, for a first-term vice president to appear to separate his election activities, even if aimed at congressional races, from the president he serves. But the timing of Pence's formation of the Great America Committee suggests the move may have something to do with judgments about Trump's future, too.
Pence filed the paperwork on May 17, eight days after Trump fired FBI Director James Comey, and the same day that Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein Pence filed the paperwork on May 17, eight days after Trump fired FBI Director James Comey, and the same day that Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein appointed Robert S. Mueller III to be special counsel in the Russia investigation. Indeed, the two weeks before Pence filed the Great America papers were rife with some of the most explosive news stories about the Russia scandal to date.
To review: On May 8, former acting attorney general Sally Yates To review: On May 8, former acting attorney general Sally Yates testified to the Senate Intelligence Committee that the White House kept former national security adviser Michael Flynn for 18 days after she told the White House counsel that he was vulnerable to Russian blackmail. (Pence has always sought to distance himself from the Flynn affair: After Trump asked for Flynn's resignation in February, Pence maintained that Flynn misled him about the conversations he had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, playing the part of the duped, but loyal, soldier.)
Then, after that Yates testimony on May 8, Trump engaged in probably the most self-destructive sequence of actions of his presidency. On May 9, he fired Comey. The next day, he met with Kislyak and Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov in the Oval Office, Then, after that Yates testimony on May 8, Trump engaged in probably the most self-destructive sequence of actions of his presidency. On May 9, he fired Comey. The next day, he met with Kislyak and Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov in the Oval Office, telling them that firing the “real nut job” Comey had eased “great pressure” on him from the Russia investigation. And the day after that, Trump admitted on national television that he had fired Comey because of the “Russia thing.” Finally, on May 12, Trump posted his tweet hinting that he may have recorded his conversations with Comey. (He hadn't.)
One week later, Pence filed the Great America Committee papers, marking his break with the traditional arrangement for political fundraising between presidents and vice presidents.
The traditional arrangement is based on the expectation that the president and vice president will together run for reelection. But Pence's activities seem to signal doubts about whether there will even be a Trump-Pence ticket to run in 2020. We are not yet six months into Trump's term, and each new revelation in the burgeoning Russia investigation seems to heighten the possibility that Trump could either no longer be president, or at least no longer be a viable reelection candidate, in 2020.
Pence is perhaps preparing for just that potentiality. If he were confident that the Russia investigation is “fake news” or a “hoax,” as Trump has maintained, he would be hewing to the traditional vice-presidential path. Instead, he's making his own plans — which may show just how worried he is that the Russia investigation is going to come crashing down on his president.
A Wall Street sign is seen on the side of a building as people walk past in New York October 3, 2008. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
PUYO, Ecuador (Reuters) - Leftist Ecuadorean President Rafael Correa welcomed Wall Street investment analysts losing jobs in the financial crisis, calling them lazy yuppies who criticized governments without doing research.
“One of the few good things to come out of this crisis is that we don't have to put up with those yuppies of Lehman Brothers, Standard & Poors and JP Morgan,” the ex-economy minister said on Tuesday.
“When I was minister, it was unbearable to have a line of those kids asking for an appointment so that I could do their job. They'd ask you for your analysis and then present it in a report as if were their own,” he added as he hosted fellow South American socialist Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez.
After years of being criticized by Wall St. analysts for avoiding some free-market policies, leftists in Latin America have crowed in recent weeks about the implosion of financial companies in a worldwide crisis that is bleeding jobs.
Lehman Brothers has collapsed, but JP Morgan and credit rating agency S&P remain in business.
Some Wall Street researchers study emerging market economies by monitoring policy moves in detail from afar and sometimes visit countries on fact-finding missions.
But leaders such as Correa and Chavez often complain the reports they produce advising investors where to put their money lack on-the-ground knowledge.
Correa and Chavez said Latin America needed to create its own regional solutions to the crisis rather than follow U.S.-prescribed policies.
“For years, they said we were about to sink, sink, sink,” Chavez said, giggling. “Now they have sunk.”
Analysts examining video of North Korea's launch on Friday of an intercontinental ballistic missile that appeared capable of reaching the West Coast of the United States say they saw evidence of a setback the North never mentioned: The mock warhead on the missile shattered into pieces during its fiery re-entry to earth.
If the analysis is correct, it would mean that North Korea suffered a significant, but not decisive, setback. It suggests that the country, for all its success as it works toward its goal of putting American cities under threat, has not yet mastered the difficult aerodynamics of designing a warhead that can survive re-entry.
News of the video analysis came as President Trump, asked about the launch for the first time, offered vague assurances that he was on top of the problem. “We'll handle North Korea,” he said, heading into a cabinet meeting. “We're going to be able to handle them. It will be handled. We handle everything.”
Mr. Trump's statements fell well short of describing a strategy, and his aides were working to develop an approach that goes beyond the largely symbolic flight of B-1B bombers over the Korean Peninsula last weekend in response to the test. The bombers accompanied South Korean and Japanese fighters, in a sign of solidarity.
Paul George did not make the All-NBA teams announced Thursday, which means the Indiana Pacers will likely be unable to sign the All-Star to a contract extension this summer.
The vote also had an impact on Utah Jazz All-Star Gordon Hayward, who did not make the All-NBA teams. He has the option to be a free agent this summer, but he only has seven years of experience -- making him ineligible for the $200 million deal unless he picked up his $16.7 million option for next season.
At the other end of the spectrum, Houston Rockets guard James Harden and Washington Wizards star John Wall have joined Stephen Curry (Warriors) and Russell Westbrook (Thunder) as being eligible to sign new five-year max contract extensions this summer after making the All-NBA team on Thursday.
Had George made one of the three teams, he would have qualified for the new Designated Player Extension that is part of the new collective bargaining agreement that starts July 1. That designation would've allowed the Pacers to offer George the richest contract in NBA history -- and add up to five years and approximately $210 million to his contract.
That is about $75 million more than another team could guarantee George were he to sign elsewhere if he opted for free agency in 2018. This new provision was built into the system following Kevin Durant's departure from the Oklahoma City Thunder in free agency last summer.
Players qualify for the Designated Player Extension if they make the All-NBA team the year before the extension or are named Most Valuable Player or Defensive Player of the Year. It only applies to players going into their eighth or ninth seasons when the contract takes effect.
The Pacers could still offer an extension to George this summer, but he doesn't have as much financial incentive to sign one. There has been speculation that the Pacers may test the trade market for George because they risk losing him after next season.
As a result of a stipulation in the new CBA, Paul George is not eligible to receive a max five-year extension worth more than $200 million from the Pacers after failing to make the All-NBA team. Adam Hunger-USA TODAY Sports
Several teams made trade offers for George in February, including the Atlanta Hawks, who offered four first-round picks in exchange for him. George, who grew up as a Kobe Bryant fan in Southern California, has expressed an interest in playing for the Los Angeles Lakers in the past.
New Pacers president Kevin Pritchard, who met with George after the team was eliminated from the playoffs by the Cleveland Cavaliers, told reporters that George expressed an interest in staying long term but made it clear he wanted to be on a contender.
The Pacers could wait and see whether George makes the All-NBA team next season, because he'd then be eligible for the $200 million-plus deal while other teams could only guarantee about $130 million.
Hayward, a first-time All-Star who is coming off the best season of his career, is now assured to become an unrestricted free agent on July 1. He's likely to receive a maximum contract wherever he signs, and the Celtics are rumored to be in the mix with his college coach Brad Stevens now leading the East's No. 1 playoff seed.
Meanwhile, Jazz general manager Dennis Lindsey has said his first priority is retaining key players such as Hayward.
"Player retention would be the next step," Lindsey said Thursday. "... It goes without saying that every fiber in our collective being wants Gordon back."
Said teammate Rudy Gobert of Hayward: "I don't want to see him leave because he's a big part of what we've been building. We've been through a lot. ... I'm excited about the team we became and the team we'll become."
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Ann Coulter wonders how this woman was nominated to lead homeland security when she is clearly against homeland security.
Breitbart.com reported:
New York Times bestselling author and populist conservative commentator Ann Coulter says President Trump's nominee to head the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), Kirstjen Nielsen, is “an open borders zealot.”
In a radio interview, Coulter slammed Trump's appointment of Nielsen — whom Breitbart News has been vetting — as a loss for the president's pro-American immigration reform agenda, which includes construction of a border wall, mandatory E-Verify to keep illegal aliens out of the U.S. workforce, and a reduction in legal immigration to raise Americans' wages.
“Donald Trump's nominee to head the Department of Homeland Security is an open borders zealot,” Coulter told radio host Mark Simone. “Is against the wall… this Kirstjen Nielsen her name is.”
“This is the head of Homeland Security and she's against, let's see, oh yeah homeland security,” Coulter continued.
Newborn Baby Found Alive after Mother Abandoned Her in Trash Can Share Tweet
A newborn baby was found in a trash can in a gas station restroom in Pennsylvania, reportedly abandoned by her mother.
LifeNews.com reports that the incident occurred at a gas station near Pittsburgh. The newborn was found by paramedics who came to the location to treat the baby's mother.
The woman reportedly gave birth in the gas station bathroom, telling her family she felt sick, and later telling paramedics she had a miscarriage.
The paramedics, however, found the baby alive in the trash can, reportedly uninjured.
“Devastating, devastating. It's awful,” Valerie Hamer, who manages a restaurant across the street, told CBS. “She could have given that baby up for adoption, or there are so many other ways than to dispose of it in a garbage can.”
“Thank goodness it's alive,” Hamer added, “and hopefully, someone will be able to adopt it. She'll have a wonderful family.”
According to LifeNews, all 50 states have safe haven laws which allow mothers to drop off unwanted children at designated locations such as hospitals and fire stations with no threat of repercussions.
These laws are meant to prevent instances like what occurred in the Pennsylvania gas station.
Indiana has even begun to use “baby boxes,”--specially designed boxes that have climate control and are comfortable for newborns. After a mother places her unwanted baby inside, the box will alert officials who will then make sure the baby is cared for.
No charges have been filed against the mother in the recent case.
Publication date: September 30, 2016
click to enlarge AGAINST CIVIL RIGHTS ORDINANCE IN EUREKA SPRINGS: Pastor convicted of multiple counts of rape.
Thehas confirmed that a Baptist preacher in Eureka Springs who features prominently in a new video urging repeal of the city's, which protects LGBT people from discrimination, pleaded guilty to a series of violent rapes in Oklahoma in 1977., 60, currently serves as a pastor ofin Eureka Springs. In an interview with the, he confirmed that he is the same Acra Lee Turner who, as a 22-year-old man, was convicted of three counts of rape in Stephens County near Lawton, Okla. In April 1977, he was sent to prison for three concurrent sentences of 30 to 60 years for those crimes , including — according to this story from an Oklahoma newspaper — the rape of an 80-year old woman who was beaten so badly that she was almost unrecognizable.Turner was released in August 2000. According to reports in The Oklahoman and Tulsa World newspapers, the victims and their relatives repeatedly petitioned the Oklahoma Pardon and Parole Board to keep him in prison.According to The Oklahoman, Turner's first victim delivered 4,861 signatures to the Pardon and Parole Board in 1991. It was the sixth such petition she'd delivered."It's been difficult, but this is the only way I can stay ahead of him," the victim told The Oklahoman in 1992. "I believe if he gets out, he will commit the crime again, and this time he won't leave a witness. "The son of the 80-year-old woman beaten nearly beyond recognition by Turner assisted on the petition drives. He told The Oklahoman he blamed Turner for the death of his mother, whose health declined after she was raped.Turner's crimes predate the establishment of the Oklahoma State Sex Offender Registry, and parole and probation officials in Oklahoma could find no record that he is currently being supervised by that state as a parolee. After being released, Turner said that he worked as a basketball coach at a Pentecostal college in Joplin, Mo. He previously served as the pastor at Rock Springs Baptist Church in Eureka, and started as the pastor at Penn Memorial Baptist Church on April 15.In a phone interview, Turner said he has turned his life around. "All that does be just showed the same thing I show now: How God can change a man's life," he said. "That's 40 years ago. That's behind me. It's nothing I've tried to hide. I preach about it on Sundays. I don't preach about it much because it's been so many years ago. I go to jails and prisons where guys go, 'Hey, you don't understand what it's like to be locked up. I'll say, 'Yes I do.' "Turner likened the questions about his past to news stories that try to take the focus off important stories, in this case, Ordinance 2223. While discussing the issue, Turner began to speak about himself as a young man, saying:"Think about this: You've got a kid raised in the ghetto. You've got, “Say It Loud, I'm Black and I'm Proud!” going on. You've got, ‘Every white man is a blue-eyed devil.' Angela Davis and Stokely Carmichael, go out and kill every white man. It's wrong information, but you give it to a young man just like we were doing in the day, and — you understand? I can relate to people when they go and join up with the ISIS group, because they've been told misinformation — brainwashed. I'm a young man who was told, 'white man this and white man that. Do you know what they did to us?' Then when I look back, there wasn't anything done to me, but they make it so strong like, 'I was in slavery all that time.' … You're talking about an angry young man, just like you got them angry terrorists. So when I look at my past, the thing about that is, 'I snapped.' "Turner said that in the process of indoctrination, a person first starts hating white men, then starts hating light-complected blacks, then starts hating people who don't think the way he does. "It doesn't stop. You understand?" Turner said. "So I felt like what I meant to do was just say, 'I don't believe in the law.' "Turner refused to say whether those involved in the Repeal 2223 effort knew about his convictions prior to his involvement in the video, which is titled "Vote Against 2223 to Defend Jobs, Faith, Freedom & Bathroom Privacy." He said the opinions of anyone other than himself are irrelevant, because there's nowhere in the scriptures that says a person should be concerned with the opinions of others."Whatever comes, it's not up to Eureka Springs to forgive me," he said. "Eureka Springs has their own problems. They might put their eyes on me so they don't have to worry about their problems, but the ones that need to be helped, they don't care where I've been. The ones living under the bridges? They don't care. The ones that their husbands have beat the crap out of them? They understand."
In recent weeks, a suspect in Making a Murderer has become George Zipperer. A call between detectives Weigart and Remiker indicated that Teresa Halbach may have stopped at the Zipperer property after visiting Stephen Avery's yard. When questioned by the police, Zipperer lied about his own activities and denied Teresa had ever been there.
My theory is that George Zipperer shot Teresa thinking she was trespassing. The Zipperers called chief deputy Eugene Kusche, because they knew him personally. Eugene then contacted deputies Lenk and Colburn, then it was all downhill from there. However, Steven Avery retained excellent attorneys and threw a wrench into things by pushing the framing defense.
At trial JoEllen testified that she thinks Halbach was there "mid-afternoon," "maybe around 3:00", which was an estimate. She was there for about 15 minutes. She did not say where she was going next. She left a message prior to arriving "that she was having trouble finding our house, but I was outside so I didn't hear it until later, after she was gone. But she found the place." JoEllen did not see Teresa leave.
Teresa could have arrived as early at 2:30pm, could have been 3:00 or a little after. JoEllen was outside raking in the garden and not wearing a watch.
Outside the presence of the jury and witness, Dean Strang told the court that Corporal (Leslie) Lemieux of the Calumet County Sherriff's Department made a report that shows she started working on the missing person investigation at about 5:00 on November 3. She reports a call to George Zipperer where he is belligerent on the phone. There is also a report of Investigator John Dedering of Calumet calling at about 9:40pm, says George is extremely belligerent. Strang says he intends to show that George lied about his own activities and Jason's activities, about whether Teresa Halbach was a trespasser, threatened to have a dog eat anyone who came onto the property, wanting Teresa Halbach arrested after being told she was a missing person, and denying that he had contacted Auto Trader or arranged for photographs of the car.
The theory now is that Teresa was at the garage looking to photograph a car and George Zipperer mistook her for a trespasser and shot her. Another source has told me that the Zipperer grandson in jail knows all the details, and is ready to reveal what his grandfather did to Teresa. Maybe Kathleen Zellner was at the wrong property with her luminol. How can anyone test the Zipperer's original garage for blood if it has been destroyed?
Amendment: A new garage was being built in 2015 and it is finished now. The garage door is not centered on the new garage and it is on the old one. It is a new garage with a different roof pitch. This has been in progress since 2015. The garage back in 2005 - that could hold answers to Teresa's disappearance - is now gone.
Call between Weigart and Remiker, confirming Zipperer's was the last stop before Teresa disappeared:
Full call:
Semiconductor giant Intel on Wednesday put its next-generation "Skylake" platform on display, demonstrating an integrated system of magnetic resonance charging, wireless video, and cable-free peripheral connections that could make its way into future Macs from Apple.
Intel's Skylake roadmap | Source: VR-Zone
Skylake, the next "tock" in Intel's tick-tock architectural strategy, is designed as a feature expansion of the 14-nanometer architecture the company is moving toward with the oft-delayed Broadwell . Skylake is set to adopt the WiGig standard —a technology that enables gigabit-speed communications without using wires —which will form the basis of the wireless docking capability, according to CNET.At the annual Computex show in Taiwan, Intel demonstrated a proximity-based system that automatically creates a WiGig wireless connection with peripherals, such as keyboards, mice, and monitors, when they are within range of a device. The device returns to standalone mode once it leaves the area.The wireless charging features, meanwhile, were powered by the Rezence standard. Intel is a member of the Alliance for Wireless Power, the organization backing Rezence.Rezence transmits power via magnetic resonance. This provides a number of advantages over traditional inductive charging, not the least of which is that Rezence systems can project power over a much larger distance. Intel demonstrated this capability by charging a laptop through an unmodified table, about two inches away from the charging pad.
Apple has shown interest in magnetic resonance charging in the past, notably filing a number of patents surrounding the technology. Apple's implementation would deliver power up to one meter away, which the company calls "a realistic and practical approach" to wireless charging.It is not yet known whether Intel plans to bundle Rezence support into future Skylake chips or leave it as a separate technology. The company generally allows manufactures to mix-and-match platform components like processors and communications chips, and it is possible that they may add wireless charging to the parts bin in the future.
First they came for Starbucks and the Broadway play Hamilton, and now Star Wars.
Yes, a group of no-sex-having, basement-dwelling neo-Nazis who fancy themselves the “alt-right” have once again taken to their favorite medium, Twitter, to air their grievances. This time, their ire is aimed at Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, with a deluge of mostly anonymous trolls sharing the hashtag #DumpStarWars.
If that weren't enough, a fake chyron claiming that the Rogue One writer branded Trump a “Nazi” was circulated by Jack Posobiec, a prominent pro-Trump conspiracy theorist who also recently made (and then deleted) the claim that the Comet Pizza gunman was an actor (the insinuation being that this is some sort of conspiracy). The bogus chyron has been retweeted and shared by many Trump supporters.
You see, the blockbuster movie, due in theaters Dec. 16, shares many of the franchise's anti-fascism themes, and back in November, Rogue One writer Chris Weitz tweeted: “Please note that the Empire is a white supremacist (human organization),” to which co-writer Gary Whitta replied, “Opposed by a multi-cultural group led by brave women.” After getting trolled by neo-Nazi Trump supporters, Weitz followed it up with this tweet, which was retweeted by none other than Mark Hamill, who plays Rebel hero Luke Skywalker:
Both Weitz and Whitta subsequently changed their Twitter avatars to the above Rebel insignia with a safety pin through it—a symbol promoting solidarity with oppressed minorities that resurfaced in the wake of Donald Trump's shock election victory.
Though Weitz's and Whitta's initial month-old tweets were deleted, screengrabs of them were recently dug up on the Reddit board r/altright, with many of its neo-Nazi users calling for a boycott of the upcoming film—and the franchise as a whole. “They are brainwashing kids into hating white men,” wrote one user about the film. “All the villains are white and all the ‘good guys' are minorities and women.”
The great irony, of course, is that an online hate group (the “alt-right”) that constantly accuses liberals of silencing free speech, often slandering them as “snowflakes” who cower in their “safe spaces,” are here trying to boycott a children's movie over themes they deem offensive.
Rogue One, which stars the Oscar-nominated actress Felicity Jones as the leader of a group of multicultural Rebel fighters tasked with stealing the blueprints to the Empire's planet-destroying superweapon the Death Star, is far from the first film in the series with an anti-Nazi message.The first movie in the franchise, 1977's Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope, carried a number of explicit anti-Nazi references. The Empire's stormtroopers were named after Nazi stormtroopers, or Sturmabteilung; the Empire's uniforms, from Imperial officers' coats on down to the insignias, were modeled after Nazi SS officers; and the Great Jedi Purge, or the efforts of Sith Lord Darth Sidious to commit genocide against the Jedi Order, parallels the Holocaust. Furthermore, the icy planet Hoth from The Empire Strikes Back is named after Nazi General Hermann Hoth, and filmmaker George Lucas modeled the space battles on World War II dogfights, as well as the film's final medal ceremony on Leni Riefenstahl's Triumph of the Will. That's just the tip of the iceberg.
Despite receiving a PG rating stateside, Star Wars initially received a “12” rating—indicating content unsuitable for children—in Germany in part due to parallels between the Empire and Nazi Germany.
Last October, when Star Wars reboot The Force Awakens rolled out its new trailer, online racists—many of whom had Trump-supporting messages in their bios—took to Twitter to spread the hashtag #BoycottStarWarsVII, calling the inclusion of a black lead character “anti-white propaganda.”
Needless to say, the hacktivism campaign was far from successful. The Force Awakens ended up grossing more than $2.06 billion worldwide, making it the third highest-grossing movie of all time after Avatar and Titanic. The same thing occurred when angry right-wingers went after Hamilton, with the play setting a new Broadway record for highest-grossing week following the online backlash.
One of the last surviving childhood friends of Anne Frank, 84-year-old Nanette Konig, lends her voice to National Geographic's documentary Anne Frank: The Nazi Capture, which marks the 70th anniversary of both the end of the war and Anne's death, and is airing on Tuesday 10 March at 8pm on the National Geographic Channel.
Like Anne, Nanette – who appears in the diary with the made-up initials ‘ES' – was only 10 years old when the Germans invaded The Netherlands, and while Anne and her family were sent to Auschwitz as penalty for hiding, Nanette was sent to Bergen-Belsen.
However, on 28 October 1944, the women of Auschwitz – Anne included – were transported to Bergen-Belsen and the pair had an unlikely reunion in the darkest of times. We caught up with Nanette to find out more about her experiences.
What do you remember of Holland before the occupation, before the war?
I had a very happy youth. Unfortunately my younger brother died in 1936 – he had a heart valve that didn't function properly – but I went to a very good public school and I practised a lot of sport. We went to England a few times – my mother was born in South Africa, my family lived in England – and we also went to Switzerland a few times so I had a very normal and happy life, which all ended in May 1940 when the Germans invaded The Netherlands.
What was the first sign that things were going to be dangerous for you and your family?
The Dutch believed that they were going to be neutral like they were before in World War I. They were very much unprepared in any respect for what was going to happen. The Royal Family left before the capitulation and left the country in the hands of the Nazis. So we realised that our lives had changed from day to night.
As a Jewish girl growing up in The Netherlands did you feel any different from the children around you?
No, no, I don't think so. The Jewish community was very accepted at the time, although in the 17th and 18th centuries there were cities in The Netherlands where Jews could not reside. There was always latent anti-Semitism in Holland and my father worked for the Amsterdam Bank and in the management of this bank in spite of being a Jew. I think he must have known about anti-Semitism.
What do you remember of meeting Anne Frank?
Our meeting was very coincidental. At the end of 1940 the government workers were dismissed and at the beginning of 1941 they asked the schools how many Jewish students were present and from that they organised 25 schools just for Jewish students, without anybody raising their hand and saying: “Why do we need these schools?”
So the school where I met her was one of those. So you might say it was sheer coincidence that I got into the same class as Anne. When I first met her I thought she was like any other girl. The peculiarity of that class was we were already, I think, aware of the circumstances under which we were living and we were all good friends.
Did you know Anne's family well?
I know the family Frank? Yes, certainly. I went to her [13th] birthday party in June 1942 and that's where I first saw her diaries. I didn't know it but they went into hiding in July, because people didn't announce it. It was rumoured they had gone to Switzerland.
They went into hiding sooner than they thought they would because [Anne's older sister] Margot had to present herself to the police and they knew if she didn't go they would all be held hostage.
When you were moved to Westerbork transit camp, did you know that was only temporary or did you think that was as bad as it could possibly get?
From Westerbork every week there was transport that went to the extermination camp, and on the Monday the ones who were left didn't believe that was their destiny. Because the BBC in 1942 had already announced that there were extermination camps – in other words we didn't believe any longer that they were going into forced labour – and it was all very, very traumatic.
What was it like going from Westerbork to Bergen-Belsen, were you expecting the worst?
That was completely different. Bergen-Belsen was not an extermination camp as such, it was a ‘residence camp' because they didn't want the Red Cross to inspect the camp, obviously. We belonged to the people that worked on the Palestine route, which gave you the right to be exchanged for prisoners of war or something else. They kept a stock of Jews in Westerbork, in what they called the ‘star camp', not that we were treated better.
We were not numbered because you couldn't exchange a numbered prisoner, right? But the conditions were so terrible. That they died of these conditions of hunger, or how they were treated in every respect, it was abominable.
When you saw Anne again in Bergen-Belsen, did you recognise her straight away?
You have to remember we were both skeletons, I didn't have any flesh left on my hip bones. We did recognise one another and it was very emotional. It's really terrible. For me it's very hard to think that she died and I survived, but she was in no condition to withstand the typhus. Typhus was rampant in the camp and most people died from it.
I had typhus after… I say “liberation” but Bergen-Belsen was never liberated, Bergen-Belsen was going to be exchanged with the Germans so that the British would have a better military position. They blindfolded the Germans that went [through the British lines to negotiate a truce] and then they made out that the British Medical Corps was to enter on 15 April 1945.
What's the most powerful impression you still have of Bergen-Belsen?
Toward the end it was terrible. When the British Medical Corps entered Bergen-Belsen they were confronted with a situation that they had never ever expected and were not prepared for. They were prepared for a war, right? They were not prepared to find mountains of dead bodies, of filth, of death, of typhus, of people that were starving or dying of hunger. They actually brought them food, the people ate it and then died because they couldn't digest the food.
The whole episode is tremendously traumatic and I do what I do because I had the chance to survive. I have a mission to make the world aware of what the Holocaust was really like and what happened. I always explain to the students that the dimension of the Holocaust is much larger than most people realise.
I started because of the six million Jews. Three million came from Poland but those people from Eastern Europe didn't have any idea what happened in Western Europe, when I perceived that this was the case I started to speak because I thought it was time that somebody realised that the other three million came from the 19 other countries occupied by the Nazis.
Did you know Anne's diaries were going to be published?
Otto Frank came to see me in October 1945 and he told me that his mother had suggested he publish the diaries. He came to see me and he said to me that he would leave out the parts of his wife, who he had recently lost, and what did I think about them and I said: “Sir, if you think this is the right thing to do, then by all means.”
It was published on newspaper paper in 1947 so I was not surprised, I had been one of the first to read the diaries.
Anne Frank: The Nazi Capture premieres Tuesday 10 March 2015 at 8pm on National Geographic Channel. For more incredible men and women from history, pick up the new issue of All About History or subscribe now and save 25% off the cover price.
About
Welcome to our Kickstarter campaign! www.scuffpopper.com
Keep your shoes on!
We've got the patent pending design, now we your help to make it happen!
With your financial support, we would love to release a handy new gadget. The Scuff Popper, is like nothing else on the market.
The Scuff Popper is a small, cylinder shaped gadget that dispenses self-adhesive pads onto any surface, to prevent scuff marks and/or to muffle contact sounds. No little paper to peel off!
We are looking for a manufacturer to turn our product design into a working gadget. We are also open to licensing options.
This is a fun and useful product idea and we need your support!
Connect with us at: www.scuffpopper.com.
Original patent picture prototype
How it all started
Please remove your shoes . . . (ugh.)
Scuff Popper inventor, Tamara Tobias, attended a Christmas party where all guests were asked remove their shoes. She was bummed because she had the perfect boots to match her dress. Removing her shoes was, of course, the polite thing to do . . . but it got her thinking, "What if . . ."
She was also inspired by the Sex in the City's episode: A Woman's Right to Shoes (2003) where Carrie loses her expensive Manolos after the host makes everybody take off their shoes. And that was it - the idea for Scuff Popper was born.
Keep your shoes on!
How it works
This patent-pending invention, the Scuff Popper, provides a convenient, discreet, and stylish means of applying a self-adhesive scuff pad to any surface you wish to protect and prevent scuff marks.
The Scuff Popper dispenser will be offered in a variety of stylish colors and sizes to meet all your needs - good for everything from heel protectors to furniture.
This multi-use and unisex product opens new markets for the self-adhesive scuff pad manufacturing industry. Stylish dispenser features a click button to release one pad at a time in a stamp-like fashion, and no need to peel off that little paper!
A must-have for furniture too!
The Scuff Popper is fun for the whole family, especially the little ones in socks and tights - better than slipping on hardwood floors and now she can keep on those adorable little shoes you bought to match her outfit!
No more "Oopsie Daisy!" slipping on the hardwood floors!
Why we need YOU:
We want to work with a manufacturing company to create the Scuff Popper with quality materials and allow for affordable resale value, but finding the perfect company to work with and managing set-up costs would be an impossible dream, without YOU. Please help us turn our dream into reality!
Scuff Popper - You Gotta Pop It to Stop It!
Due to the ongoing hatred and vile nature of the McCarthy McCain/Palin campaign and Republican politicians and pundits, Keith Olbermann is moved yet again to another Special Comment. This time, Olbermann castigates the entire notion 'Us vs. Them' notion that the Republican Party mouthpieces have been perpetuating in their support for John McCain's candidacy. And worse, for someone who has made his ability to reach across the aisle in a bipartisan manner a mainstay of his campaign, John McCain's allowing his proxies to divide Americans into "good" and "bad" camps shows how far he has slid from his "maverick" days.
(Senator McCain,) I disagree with you on virtually every major point of policy and practice. And yet I do not think you "anti-America." I would not hesitate to join you in time of crisis in defense of this country. Fortunately you did not echo this chorus of base hatred. But neither have you repudiated it. What is "pro-America", Senator?
Transcripts below the fold:
I have frequently insisted I would never turn the platform of the Special Comment into a regular feature.
But as these last two weeks of this extraordinary, and extraordinarily disturbing, presidential campaign project out in front of us, I fear I may have to temporarily amend that presumption.
I hope it will be otherwise, but I suspect this will be the first of nightly pieces, shorter than this... until further notice. And thus a Special Comment tonight about the last five days of the divisive, ugly, paranoid bleatings of this Presidential race, culminating in the sliming of Colin Powell for his endorsement of Senator Obama.
There was once a very prominent sportswriter named Dick Young whose work, with ever-increasing frequency, became peppered with references to "my America."
"I can't believe this is happening in My America"... -- "we do not tolerate these people in My America" -- "this man does not belong in my America".
His America gradually revealed itself.
Insular. Isolationist. Backwards-looking. Mindlessly flag-waving. Racist. No second chances. A million rules, but only for the other guy.
Dick Young died in 1987, but he has been re-born in the presidential campaign as it has unfolded since last Thursday night.
In that time, Governor Sarah Palin, Congresswoman Michelle Bachmann, McCain spokesperson Nancy Pfotenhauer, and Rush Limbaugh, have revealed that there is a measurable portion of this country that is not interested in that which the vast majority view as democracy or equality or opportunity.
They want only... control -- and they want the rest of us, symbolically, perhaps physically... out. Governor Palin:
"We believe that the best of America is not all in Washington D.C.," you told a fund-raiser in North Carolina last Thursday, to kick off this orgy of condescending elitism. "We believe that the best of America is in these small towns that we get to visit, and in these wonderful little pockets of what I call the real America, being here with all of you hardworking very patriotic, very pro-America areas of this great nation." Governor, your prejudice is overwhelming.
It is not just "pockets" of this country that are "pro-America" Governor.
America... is "pro-America."
And the "Real America" of yours, Governor, is where people at your rallies shout threats of violence, against other Americans, and you say nothing about them or to them.
What you are seeing is not patriotism, Governor.
What has surrounded you since your nomination, has been the echoing shout of mob rule. Indeed, that shout has echoed to Minnesota, where the next day an unstable Congresswoman named Michele Bachmann added to the ugly cry.
"I wish the American media would take a great look at the views of the people in Congress and find out, are they pro-America, or anti-America. I think people would love to see an expose' like that."
For nearly two years, Ms. Bachmann, who made her first political bones by keeping the movie "Aladdin" from being shown at a Minnesota Charter School because she thought it promoted paganism and witchcraft, has had a seat in the government of this nation, a seat from which she has spewed the most implausible, hateful, narrow-minded garbage imaginable.
Well, Congresswoman, you have gotten that "expose'" you wanted, have you not?
Though not perhaps in the way you imagined.
Since giving voice to your remarkable delusion that there are members of Congress who are "anti-America," and the extraordinary tap-dance of sleaze and innuendo about Senator Obama which followed...
...the challenger for your house Seat, Elwyn Tinklenberg, has been inundated by donations -- 700 thousand dollars in the three days after you spoke.
Because the America you perceive, Congresswoman -- with its goblins and ghosts and vast unseen hordes of traitors and fellow travelers and Senators who won't ban "Aladdin" -- exists only in your head, and in the heads of the others who must rationalize the failures in their own lives and of their own policies as somebody else's fault -- as a conspiracy to deny them an America of exclusionism and religious orthodoxy and prejudice, about which they must accuse, and murmur, and shout threats, and cleave the nation into pro-America and anti-America."
And back it comes to the McCain campaign.
And Senator McCain's talking head, Ms. Pfotenhauer, who on this very network Saturday, and seemingly without the slightest idea that dismissive prejudice dripped from every word, analyzed the race in Virginia.
"I can tell you that the Democrats have just come in from the District of Columbia and moved into northern Virginia," she said. "But the rest of the state, 'real Virginia,' if you will, I think will be very responsive to Senator McCain's message."
Again, a toxic message...
The parts of the country that agree with Nancy Pfotenhauer... are real -- the others, not.
Ms. Pfotenhauer, why not go the distance on this one?
It was Senator McCain's own brother who called that part of Virginia nearest Washington "communist country."
Cut to the chase, Madam.
No matter the intended comic hyperbole of Joe McCain...
This is the point -- isn't it?
Leave out the real meaning of "Communism," Madam -- Joe McCain reduced it to a buzz-word; it has no more true definition right now than does "Socialism," or the phrase "a man who sees America like you and I see America."
It's about us... and them.
The pro-... and the anti.
Never mind, Madam, that the bi-secting of this country you would happily inspire, means taking a tiny crack in a dam and not repairing it but burrowing into it.
It is not enough that Senator McCain and Senator Obama might differ.
One must be real and the other false.
One must be pro-America and the other anti.
Go back and -- as your boss Rick Davis said today -- "re-think," Mr. McCain's insistence not to drag the sorry bones of Jeremiah Wright into this campaign.
And whatever you do, Ms. Pfotenhauer, allow no one enough time to think... about the widening crack in the dam.
And now all of this comes together to attack Colin Powell.
"Secretary Powell says his endorsement is not about race," writes Rush Limbaugh... the grand wizard of this school of reactionary non-thought.
"OK, fine. I am now researching his past endorsements to see if I can find all the inexperienced, very liberal, white candidates he has endorsed. I'll let you know what I come up with."
It is not conceivable that Powell might reject McCain for the politics of hate and character assassination, or just for policy.
In the closed, sweaty world of the blind allegiances of Limbaugh -- one of "us" who endorses one of "them," must be doing so for some other blind allegiance, like the color of skin.
The answer to this primordial muck, must be addressed to one man only.
Senator McCain -- where are you?
I disagree with you on virtually every major point of policy and practice.
And yet I do not think you "anti-America." I would not hesitate to join you in time of crisis in defense of this country.
Fortunately you did not echo this chorus of base hatred.
But neither have you repudiated it.
What is "pro-America", Senator?
Is it pro-America to call a man a racist because he endorses a different candidate?
Senator, you have based your campaign on many premises, but the foremost (and the most nearly admirable) of all of them, have been the pitches about "reaching across the aisle," and putting, as your ubiquitous banners reed, "country first."
So when Colin Powell endorses your opponent, you say nothing as your supporters and proxies paint him in this "Anti-America" frame and place him in Governor Palin's un-real America.
Senator McCain -- did not General Powell just "reach across the aisle?" Did he not, in his own mind at least, "put country first?"
Is it not your responsibility, Senator, to, if not applaud, then at least quiet those in your half of our fractured political equation?
Is it not your responsibility, Senator, to say "enough" to Republican smears without end?
Is it not your responsibility, Senator, to insist that, win or lose, you will not be party to a campaign that devolves into hatred and prejudice and divisiveness?
And Senator McCain, if it is not your responsibility... whose is it?
Ronda Rousey's foil is also her most sensible defender.
Holly Holm said on The Dan Patrick Show on Thursday that fans shouldn't bash Rousey too much, considering most of them would never "even have the nerve" to get in the Octagon and fight.
"I hope people don't get too brutal with it," Holm said. "This is a hard job to be in and a lot of people can't get in there. When you get in that Octagon, it's one of the loneliest places in the world, because it's only up to you to do it. A lot of people wouldn't even have the nerve to be able to get in and just put it all on the line.
"Millions of people are watching you and you might get knocked out, you might not. You might do well, you might not. But you kind of have to go in being OK with knowing millions of people are going to be watching this. There's a reason why only certain people fight. You're putting yourself out there and you know people are going to say something one way or another."
Holm, who knocked out Rousey with a second-round head kick at UFC 193 last Saturday, does somewhat understand where the fans' vitriol comes from, though.
"Any time you're on top, people are going to want to talk one way or another," Holm said. "She's been pretty vocal in her career, I think it's easier for people to want to pick at things. I thing she's strong enough. She can handle that."
Holm (10-0) said she didn't see Rousey after the fight and has not spoken to her. Rousey (12-1) had plastic surgery to repair a split lip in Melbourne and returned home to Los Angeles earlier this week. TMZ cameras captured the former champion hiding her face with a travel pillow as she walked through the airport.
"I hope she's doing well," Holm said. "I know she's obviously been at the top for a reason. She's very dominant and a great athlete. She's been the reigning champion for a long time. I'm sure she'll come back soon."
Holm, 33, said that Rousey should be respected, because competing in the UFC in front of millions is a difficult thing to do. Holm, a former three-division boxing champion and two-time Ring women's boxer of the year, beat Rousey with more than 56,000 inside Etihad Stadium.
"It's kind of a brutal place to be, but it's what makes winning that awesome and makes losing that devastating," Holm said. "But it makes winning that awesome. If you're a fighter, you're always chasing that feeling of that victory. That's why we do it."
To gauge Canadian public opinion on free trade with China, Ottawa dispatched federal officials across the country on a listening tour.
They landed in 10 provinces and one territory, consulting more than 600 people and businesses.
What they heard was less than a ringing endorsement of a deal the Liberal government appears set to pursue, amid wide expectations that Canada will formally launch free-trade talks when Prime Minister Justin Trudeau visits Beijing next week.
Story continues below advertisement
Why is Canada giving a cold shoulder to an Asian trade deal?
NAFTA is sinking, and Canada needs a lifeboat
The official listening tour found that farmers, fishermen and foresters, on balance, like the idea of better access to the Chinese market – a move that would bring Canada in line with countries such as Australia and New Zealand, where existing trade deals with China have won broad support.
But the consultations in Canada also showed skepticism that a deal "would be able to meaningfully address the full spectrum of challenges faced by Canadian businesses trading with China," according to "What we heard," a recent report on the consultations.
People "expressed concerns that increased engagement with China could lead Canada to compromise on its values." They worried a deal with Beijing could hurt "Canadian jobs and competitiveness in certain sectors, especially mining and certain manufacturing sub-sectors."
Even companies already doing business with China said their biggest problems lay not with the tariffs a free-trade deal would hope to vanquish. They were more concerned with endemic issues in China related to unreliable courts and government subsidies.
Free trade with the world's second-largest economy, in other words, is hardly seen by many Canadians as an unalloyed good.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Indeed, coming to the table for trade talks will inevitably involve facing down a series of hefty demands from Beijing.
China "will want to have full access to our natural resources, including uranium mining. They will want an expansion of trade in services. They will want to be able to bring Chinese workers to Canada," said Guy Saint-Jacques, the previous Canadian ambassador to China.
"At the end of the day, it will be a question of sitting down and saying, 'okay – if we make concessions as the Chinese want, are we really sure that we are getting enough in exchange?' "
But Mr. Saint-Jacques believes Canada has little choice. Without a current trade deal, Canada must follow suit. "We have to proceed with these talks," he said. "I remain convinced that China wants this agreement more than we do, and that therefore we have a window of opportunity."
The experience of those other countries does bear out some of the Canadian qualms: both Australia and New Zealand have struggled against unexpected border barriers – inspections, esoteric demands on quality control and documentation – that have impeded the flow of goods.
But in both countries, free trade with China has come to be seen as an economic boon, one with benefits tilted not toward Beijing, but toward its smaller partners.
Story continues below advertisement
"There can be little doubt that it means more to Australia," said James Laurencon, deputy director of the Australia-China Relations Institute at the University of Technology Sydney.
"Australian producers get substantially improved access to the world's largest population and second largest economy, growing at 6 to 7 per cent," he said in an e-mail. "China gets slightly better access (tariffs were already low) to a country with a population of 24 million and an economy growing at 2 to 3 per cent."
Australia's free-trade agreement with China came into force at the end of 2015.
Since then, "Australian exports to China have grown about three times as fast as Australian exports to the rest of the world – and that's in a commodity market that's soft," said Peter Drysdale, head of the East Asian Bureau of Economic Research at Australian National University. As tariffs fell, exports of wine jumped 40 per cent in a single year.
In New Zealand, exports to China have nearly quadrupled since free trade began in 2008.
For that country's farmers, free trade came at almost exactly the right time, coinciding with a huge rise in China's appetite for imported dairy.
Story continues below advertisement
But business has grown beyond milk products. The 2008 deal served as a signal, directing local companies to pay attention to China.
"The number of companies opening up and establishing beachheads in China is large," said Andrew Ferrier, the former chief executive of Fonterra Co-operative Group, the country's biggest company. He is now chair of New Zealand Trade & Enterprise, a government agency that helps local companies go global.
"China has become a mainstream destination for Kiwi companies, that would never have existed without a free-trade agreement – companies of all different sizes."
Nonetheless, both countries have had issues. Chinese authorities have on a number of occasions created unexpected rules or imposed quality-inspection regimes that have blocked some trade.
Such non-tariff barriers can counteract provisions meant to liberalize trade.
"There are some challenges operating in the Chinese market," said Mike Petersen, New Zealand's special agricultural trade envoy.
Story continues below advertisement
But, he said, "we have had far greater success resolving those challenges being in a trade agreement with China, rather than being without."
Indeed, "bilateral agreements like this are as much a political document as an economic one. They are very important as a building block to get a robust relationship in place," said Mark Vaile, the former deputy prime minister of Australia who chairs Whitehaven Coal, the country's largest independent coal producer.
That said, negotiating a trade deal is unlikely to be easy. Though the Australian agreement could serve as a template, Canadian leaders have been clear in saying they want a more comprehensive deal. China may want the same.
In some areas, "they will expect to get equivalency with the United States in NAFTA," Mr. Vaile said.
Pursuing such a deal in the midst of NAFTA renegotiations, too, could be "negatively interpreted by the White House," said John Gruetzner, a Canadian with decades of experience in China who is founder of Intercedent, a business investment advisory. He also worries that an agreement on paper will leave unchanged corporate Canada's reticence toward China.
"Canada also needs to design and implement a detailed national business plan," he said.
Story continues below advertisement
Further complicating matters for Canada are changes taking place in China under President Xi Jinping. Mr. Xi has sought to reinvigorate state-owned enterprises and burnished the role of the Communist Party inside other firms, blurring the line between the private sector and state control. That poses a challenge to free-trade negotiators concerned about opening sectors of Canada to acquisition by arms of the Chinese government.
Mr. Xi, too, has presided over a strategy, called China 2025, that privileges Chinese companies, erecting new barriers to the outside world at the same time it has sought better access to other countries.
"Over time," said Loren Brandt, an economist at the University of Toronto who specializes in China, "the terms and conditions facing multinationals trying to sell into China have been deteriorating."
A resource-based economy or natural-resource-based economy is the economy of a country whose gross national product or gross domestic product to a large extent comes from natural resources.[1]
GCC [ edit ]
The economies of Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries like Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Qatar are highly dependent on exporting oil and gas.
Suriname [ edit ]
Suriname's exports of bauxite account for more than 15% of GDP and 70% of export earnings.[2]
Russia [ edit ]
Of Russian exports, more than 80% are oil, natural gas, metals and timber.[3] Since Russia has a resource based economy, it depends most of all on the fluctuations of oil and gas demand and prices.[4]
Norway [ edit ]
Norway's export of oil and gas forms 45% of total exports and more than 20% of the GDP.[5]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Barry C.Field (2000), Natural Resource Economics, McGraw-Hill. ISBN 0-07-231677-2.
ISBN 0-07-231677-2. Thomas H. Tietenberg (1988), Environmental and Natural Resource Economics, Scott-Foresman. ISBN 0-673-18945-7.
ISBN 0-673-18945-7. Philip A. Neher (1990), Natural Resource Economics: Conservation and Exploitation, Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-31174-8.
ISBN 0-521-31174-8. Steven C. Hackett (2001), Environmental and Natural Resources Economics: Theory, Policy, and the Sustainable Society, M.E. Sharpe. ISBN 0-7656-0682-8.
ISBN 0-7656-0682-8. Erhun Kula (1992), Economics of Natural Resources and the Environment, Springer. ISBN 0-412-36330-5.
ISBN 0-412-36330-5. Juan C. Suris Regueiro, Manuel M. Varela Lafuente (1995), Introducción a la economía de los recursos naturales, Civitas. ISBN 84-470-0613-1.
ISBN 84-470-0613-1. Pere Riera (2005), Manual de economía ambiental y de los recursos naturales, Thomson. ISBN 84-9732-369-6.
ISBN 84-9732-369-6. Carlos Romero (1994), Economía de los recursos ambientales y naturales, Alianza Editorial. ISBN 84-206-6811-7.
ISBN 84-206-6811-7. Alan Randall, Ricardo Calvet Perez (1985), Economía de los recursos naturales y política ambiental, Limusa. ISBN 968-18-1727-3.
ISBN 968-18-1727-3. Roxana Barrantes (1997), Hacia un nuevo dorado: Economía de los recursos naturales, Consorcio de Investigación Económica. ISBN 9972-670-00-7.
The presidential candidates have wildly varying tax proposals.
Donald Trump and Ted Cruz propose massive cuts that would greatly reduce federal income taxes on everyone, especially the wealthy, while cutting a wide host of government programs. Meanwhile, Bernie Sanders proposes virtually the opposite: tax increases on everyone, with hikes on the wealthy especially, while adding comprehensive government programs. And Hillary Clinton proposes much smaller tax increases, all focused on the rich.
But what do their plans mean for your federal tax liability?
We partnered with the Tax Policy Center to create a calculator that will estimate how each presidential candidate's tax plan would affect you — or, more accurately, people like you. For example, if you are part of a couple with two children earning $38,000 a year, this calculator tells you the average change in federal taxes for all couples with two children who earn between $35,000 and $40,000 a year.
Before you change your vacation plans based on these numbers, keep in mind they are only estimates. Every taxpayer has a slightly different situation — someone might be deducting business expenses, for example, while another person will be paying a tax for not carrying insurance coverage. This creates millions of different scenarios.
Accounting for all of that is prohibitively complicated and time-consuming. But what we have done is simplify the process to consider only the biggest factors (income, marital status, and children) and only look at the four taxes with the largest impact (individual and corporate income taxes, payroll taxes, and excise taxes).
Try it yourself below.
(Note: The Tax Policy Center did not perform an analysis of John Kasich's tax plan because his plan lacks sufficient detail to model. They have reached out to the Kasich campaign in search of more details, and will analyze the plan if they receive enough information to do so.)
The calculator: How much does each candidate's tax plan affect you?
2015 annual income Single or married? Single Married Children? 0 1 2+ Submit (Fill out all three sections) Trump Cruz Clinton Sanders < Go back and edit Data from the Data from the Tax Policy Center / Vox Alvin Chang / Vox
Update: We've been getting a lot of questions about why your current effective tax rate is so high. Here's a note from Tax Policy Center director Len Burman that explains why this is happening:
You might be surprised at how much taxes you're paying under current law. We're including payroll taxes , excise taxes, and corporate income taxes as well as individual income taxes. Most working people actually pay more in payroll tax than income tax . And they pay much more if you include the employer's portion of the tax. Most economists think employers pass their share of the tax on to workers in the form of lower wages.
What we learned from our calculator
Play around with different incomes other than your own to get a better idea of how each candidate deals with the poor, middle class, and wealthy.
In short, what you'll see is:
Clinton proposes keeping things mostly the same.
Clinton proposes keeping things mostly the same. Sanders wants to implement massive increases across the board, including on the poor.
Sanders wants to implement massive increases across the board, including on the poor. Cruz and Trump propose big cuts for everyone — but the wealthier you are, the more you keep in your pocket.
But how does this affect how much money the federal government brings in?
It's one thing to know how your taxes will change, but you can't view it in a vacuum. What the federal government does can affect your bottom line, too.
For example, Bernie Sanders's plan would raise taxes on everyone, but it would also pay for health care, education, and other programs that you would no longer have to pay for. And it goes the other way, too. If Donald Trump's tax plan was implemented, everyone would get a tax cut, but it also means government services would be cut, so you would have to pay for them yourself.
So this is how each candidate deals with this balance:
Donald Trump: His plan would cut federal revenues by an estimated $9.5 trillion over the next decade. Cuts would be across the board, but most cuts would be for wealthier households. His tax cuts promise to stimulate economic growth and reduce government spending, which could cause households to pay more for services that are currently subsidized by the government. ( His plan would cut federal revenues by an estimated $9.5 trillion over the next decade. Cuts would be across the board, but most cuts would be for wealthier households. His tax cuts promise to stimulate economic growth and reduce government spending, which could cause households to pay more for services that are currently subsidized by the government. ( Here are more details on Trump's plan .)
Ted Cruz: His plan would cut federal revenues by an estimated $8.6 trillion over the next decade. Much like Trump's plan, cuts would be across the board, but most cuts are for wealthier households. His tax cuts promise to stimulate economic growth and reduce government spending, which could cause households to pay more for services that are currently subsidized by the government. ( His plan would cut federal revenues by an estimated $8.6 trillion over the next decade. Much like Trump's plan, cuts would be across the board, but most cuts are for wealthier households. His tax cuts promise to stimulate economic growth and reduce government spending, which could cause households to pay more for services that are currently subsidized by the government. ( Here are more details on Cruz's plan .)
Hillary Clinton: Her plan would raise federal revenues by an additional $1.1 trillion over the next decade. Most increases would be for wealthier households, while lower-income households aren't affected much. The additional revenues will pay for programs that benefit many Americans. ( Her plan would raise federal revenues by an additional $1.1 trillion over the next decade. Most increases would be for wealthier households, while lower-income households aren't affected much. The additional revenues will pay for programs that benefit many Americans. ( Here are more details on Clinton's plan .)
Bernie Sanders: His plan would raise federal revenues by an estimated $15.3 trillion over the next decade. He would raise taxes for almost all households, but most increases would be for wealthier households; tax increases would be small for lower- and middle-income households. Additional revenues would pay for health care, education, and other programs, so households would pay less than what they currently pay for those services. ( His plan would raise federal revenues by an estimated $15.3 trillion over the next decade. He would raise taxes for almost all households, but most increases would be for wealthier households; tax increases would be small for lower- and middle-income households. Additional revenues would pay for health care, education, and other programs, so households would pay less than what they currently pay for those services. ( Here are more details on Sanders's plan .)
Learn more:
Taxes don't have to suck. Here's how they could be better
SAVED: Dennis Magnay suffered a heart attack while refereeing a boxing bout at the Casino RSM. The Northern Star Archives
A LISMORE BASE Hospital wardsman boxing at an amateur tournament in Casino on Saturday night went from fighter to lifesaver in seconds when the referee of his bout collapsed with a heart attack.
For Ben West - a wardsman in the operating theatre at Lismore Base Hospital - saving lives was the last thing on his mind when he started the evening's final bout with fellow boxer Tyler White at the Casino RSM Club.
Referee Dennis Magnay had just instructed the two fighters to break at the end of the third, stepping between them with arms outstretched, when he collapsed back, clutching his chest.
Acting on instinct, Mr West didn't waste any time.
Had it happened somewhere else, if he didn't receive immediate assistance, he would have been dead.
"I ripped my gloves off and threw them away, checked his pulse and checked his breathing," he said.
"He would have died. He didn't have anything.
"I put him on his back and started CPR and called out for someone to give me a hand so we could do compressions."
Mr West was joined by Moree-based trainer Danny Cheetham, who had completed first aid training, and together they were able to provide CPR.
He guessed it took them five to 10 minutes to get a pulse and then only after RSM staff brought in a defibrillator, so the CPR saved Mr Magnay's life by maintaining oxygen to his brain.
"It was lucky I was in the ring with him," Mr West said.
Mr Magnay was taken to Lismore Base Hospital where, on Sunday morning, he said he had no memory of what happened. He is currently in a stable condition.
Mr Magnay is the state president of the Amateur Boxing League but suggested the incident could be the end of his days as a referee.
Publicity officer for the Casino RSM Youth Club Ken McPherson said it was lucky Mr Magnay was there.
"We didn't expect him to pull through, really."
"Had it happened somewhere else, if he didn't receive immediate assistance, he would have been dead."
The Navy is wrestling with considerations about what the future of naval and expeditionary conflict will look like as it designs a new amphib to replace its aging fleet of 12 dock landing ships.
Called the LX(R), the new amphib ship could be a new design or configuration of several existing ships such as a version of the existing LSD 41/49 or a modified version of the Navy's LPD 17 San Antonio Class amphibious transport dock, service officials said.
Before deciding upon a final design and configuration for the ship, the Navy is currently conducting a study of requirements called an analysis of alternatives, or AoA, Gen. James Amos, Commandant of the Marine Corps, recently told lawmakers on the House Armed Services, or HASC, Committee.
“We examine the art of the possible -- things that might be out there – some may be commercial off the shelf and some may be developmental. There are seven or eight variables out there that are potential solution sets to the LSD. That's what we're looking at that right now,” Amos told the Committee.
The requirements for the LX(R) are grounded in estimations of a future conflict environment as part of the 2024 Marine Corps Marine Expeditionary Unit and Marine Expeditionary Brigade requirements, said Lt. Rob Myers, Navy spokesman.
“The AoA includes both a full LPD 17 repeated design and a reduced capability LPD 17. We are continuing to closely examine costs but it is too early to determine a budget cost since we are still working through and understanding the desired capabilities,” Myers said.
The AoA is expected to be complete in the Spring of 2014, he added. Construction plans for the ship are still being determined but are initially slated for around 2020, Myers added.
“The AoA is researching alternatives in three categories: traditional Navy standards, tailored specifications and commercial standards,” service officials said.
While speaking of the importance of amphibious missions and expeditionary platforms such as amphibious ships, Chief of Naval Operations told the HASC that he wants the LX(R) to be affordable in today's budget environment. He explained that the right kinds of investments can result in substantial production and manufacturing savings.
“We want that thing to be affordable. If there is a feasibility of taking seed money and looking at what can we do to help industry and designers – we've done this with the Virginia-class. This saved us $200 million per copy with the Virginia class,” Greenert said.
Both the LSD and the LPD transport docks are integral to what's called an Amphibious Ready Group, or ARG. The ARG is tasked with transporting up to 2,200 Marines and their equipment, including what's called a Marine Expeditionary Unit, or MEU.
The current configuration of the LPD transport dock is slightly different than the LSD dock landing ship in that it has more aviation capability, more command and control equipment, a crane for use on small boats and a different well deck configuration, Navy officials said.
The 1980's era LSD dock landing ships consist of eight Whidbey Island-class 609-foot long ships. The 15,000-ton ships, configured largely to house and transport four Landing Craft Air Cushions, or LCACs, are nearing the end of their service life.
There are four Harpers Ferry–class dock landing ships first deployed in 1995; these 16,000-ton ships are also 609 feet-long but only carry two LCACs. The Harpers Ferry-class carriers fewer LCACs but increase the cargo-carrying space on board the ship.
The LSD, which is key to bringing a lot of equipment from ship to shore in LCACs, does not have the same ability to operate independently of an Amphibious Ready Group compared to the LPD 17.
“The LPD will have more robust aviation capability. It still has a well-deck but it is not able to carry as much equipment as an LSD ship. LPD has the command and control and aviation capability to operate independently. The LSD is a cargo ship designed to support the big-deck amphibious assault ship in the ready group,” a Navy official told Military.com.
The LPD is able to transport up to four CH-46 Sea Knight helicopters or two MV-22 Ospreys.
The AoA, therefore, is examining the need for well-deck support, command and control, aviation capability and the extent to which the ship will need to be engineered to operate on its own away from the ARG.
“Requirements change and the world changes and the Marine Corps finds itself doing more disaggregated ops. We are trying to figure out how the LSD will need to function in a future environment,” the service official said.
Some members of Congress, such as Rep. Steven Palazzo, R-Miss., and industry advocacy groups are hoping the Navy will sustain the amphibious warship industrial base by purchasing a 12th LPD ship, something the Navy and Marine Corps have said is not possible due to budget constraints.
However, Amos did say a 12th ship would help bridge the way forward to LX(R) production, if even in theory.
“We would love to have the 12th ship – there's little to no money in the budget to do this. The 12th ship would buy us some decision space as we look toward what is going to replace those 12 LSD 41/49 class ships which are nearing the end of their service life,” Amos told the Committee.
Chairman of the Amphibious Warship Industrial Base Coalition, Brian Schires, said he hopes that the LX(R) is based upon the LPD 17 design.
“You need to have stability and predictability when you are in a building cycle. It makes good sense to take an LPD 17 hull and you can make that ship into what you need it to be with an LX(R). We need to continue to build what we are building today to keep costs down and deliver products on time,” said Schires, who is also with Rolls-Royce North America.
The argument is to build up an existing LPD 17 production line and avoid the challenges, pitfalls and budget problems typically associated with a new-start ship, he added.
1. The initial purpose of the Coastguard was revenue protection, but this changed during the 19th century to that of naval reserve.
2. In the 1920s life-saving responsibilities became the Coastguard's primary role, along with coastal observation.
3. Over the last two centuries the number of stations has fluctuated, reaching a peak of over 500 in the early 20th century.
4. The more isolated stations were required to be self-sufficient and in addition to the accommodation and storage facilities there might also be a slipway, outbuildings such as carpenter's shops, bakehouses, earth closets, wash houses and rain-water tanks.
5. As well as purpose-built premises the Coastguard used adapted or converted buildings such as Martello towers and hulks.
6. Admiralty era stations needed to be defended from attack and it is believed houses were designed to be intercommunicating and the number of entrances kept to a minimum.
7. Under the Admiralty signalling formed an important aspect of Coastguard activity and Coastguardsmen were expected to be proficient in Morse, semaphore and telegraphy.
8. Since the 1970s the traditional Coastguard station has been increasingly superseded by rescue centres; essentially operation rooms.
Britain is a maritime nation, and since Roman times has had structures set along the coastline dedicated to maintaining a watch over shore and coastal waters. In recent centuries these have been constructed for various reasons including the prevention of smuggling, locating and coordinating assistance to ships in distress or as part of defensive facilities against attack or invasion.
The architectural history of Coastguard stations has so far received little attention. It is possible to give a broad outline of the historical development of the service and the extent, characteristic elements and design of the stations but there remains much that is inadequately understood. This short guide to Coastguard Stations provides an introduction to the history and development of coastguard stations in England. It is intended to support the listing selection guide on Maritime and Naval buildings.
Further Reading:
Free download: Introduction to Heritage Assets – Coastguard Stations
CLOSE SportsPulse: USA TODAY Sports' Lindsay H. Jones breaks down the matchups that every NFL fan should make sure to watch this weekend. USA TODAY Sports
Seattle QB Russell Wilson, left, knows all about narrowly losing out to Tom Brady. (Photo11: Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports)
From Week 1 through Week 17, USA TODAY Sports' NFL staff will be handicapping the race for league MVP. A first-place vote is worth five points, a second-place vote is worth three, and a third-place vote is worth one.
Our MVP tracker after Week 13's games:
1. QB Tom Brady, New England Patriots (27 points): Already a two-time MVP, he's atop our poll for the first time this season as he potentially closes in on a third piece of hardware. Even coming off a sub-par performance at Buffalo, Brady's bona fides are not in doubt. He leads the NFL with 3,632 passing yards, 300 completions and a 109.7 QB rating. His 26-to-4 TD-to-INT ratio is typically exceptional. And, at 10-2, the Patriots are tied for the league's best record. But he's got some landmines to avoid, with his next games at Miami — oddly, South Florida is often a house of horrors for Brady — and Pittsburgh. Last week: 2
More: New No. 1 atop NFL power rankings
More: NFL playoff picture after Week 13 games
More: Cowboys will break out new uniform look vs. Giants
2. QB Russell Wilson, Seattle Seahawks (23 points): He's narrowly trailing TB12, and given Wilson's Herculean effort to keep an injury-ravaged team in the playoff race, it wouldn't be a surprise if he eventually overtakes Brady. Consider this: The Seahawks offense has produced 30 TDs, and Wilson (26 TD passes, 3 rush TDs) has been involved in all but one. Fifteen of his touchdown passes have come in the fourth quarter, and the next one will establish a new league record for a single season. And Wilson's fourth-quarter passer rating? How about 134.1. Hard to beat productive and clutch. Last week: 3
3. QB Carson Wentz, Philadelphia Eagles (13 points): After spending the last six weeks in the lead, he takes a tumble after Philly's Sunday night clunker at Seattle. But Wentz probably won't need much to bounce back. He continues to lead the NFL with 29 TD passes, and the Eagles are one of four teams with a 10-2 record. A big day against the Rams on Sunday, with the NFC East crown there for the taking, could give Wentz renewed momentum. Last week: 1
— Week 12 MVP rankings (Carson Wentz)
— Week 11 MVP rankings (Carson Wentz)
— Week 10 MVP rankings (Carson Wentz)
— Week 9 MVP rankings (Carson Wentz)
— Week 8 MVP rankings (Carson Wentz)
— Week 7 MVP rankings (Carson Wentz)
— Week 6 MVP rankings (Alex Smith)
— Week 5 MVP rankings (Alex Smith)
— Week 4 MVP rankings (Alex Smith)
— Week 3 MVP rankings (Alex Smith)
— Week 2 MVP rankings (Alex Smith)
— Week 1 MVP rankings (Alex Smith)
***
Follow Nate Davis on Twitter @ByNateDavis
PHOTOS: NFL power rankings heading into Week 14
Blog
Overcoming MS is all about community. Our blog features the real stories of people with MS from across the globe. No two people's stories are the same but they do have one thing in common, they believe in talking control of their diagnosis and doing everything they can to overcome multiple sclerosis.
Our blog posts cover a wide variety of topics, including:
Diagnosis stories
Finding the OMS Recovery Program
Important MS milestones
Living with MS
Family & friendships
Life lessons
Diet, exercise and meditation tips
Take some time to read through these eye-opening real accounts from the OMS community.
Want to share your story?
We'd love you to open up and share your story with us. If you was interested in writing a blog post or sharing some news with others, please email [email protected]
Ready to Change By OMS on February 12, 2019 “No one changes unless they want to. Not if you beg them. Not if you shame them. Not if you use reason, emotion, or tough love.”
Living in Spite of the Unknown By OMS on February 4, 2019 “I took the leap. And you can too. Don't hold back because of MS.” Chris shares her story.
The ‘Go Where Clan' raises over £1,000 for OMS By EmmaLouiseSingh on January 31, 2019 The Go Where Clan – Davy, Paul, Charley and Aneela – recently took part in one the toughest mountain bike events in the world to raise money for OMS.
Hector Skipworth takes on the Marathon Des Sables By EmmaLouiseSingh on January 31, 2019 Hector will be on of the youngest ever competitors in this 250 km race in the Sahara Desert.
Celebrate your Birthday with OMS By EmmaLouiseSingh on January 31, 2019 If you have a birthday approaching and want a different sort of present, creating a Facebook birthday page couldn't be simpler.
Caps are the worst team to ever exist and they are going nowhere this postseason as usual. Or that's what you would guess once hearing the loud grumbling of Caps fans after the Caps dropped their 4th straight loss last night in Anaheim. The funny thing is if you went to every team's fan base and said, “Your team just lost 4 straight” their reaction would probably be, “That sucks, but it happens.” Issue with Caps fans is we have been incredibly spoiled over these last 3 years since Trotz has taken over; Caps haven't lost 4 games straight in nearly two and half years (November of 2014)! That's amazing and the fact that it has happened means nothing for the Caps future. Teams lose, sometimes consecutively, it's not fun but it happens. Move on.
But still, Caps fans are concerned that the team that has been so dominant all season is just going to disappear before the playoffs because of the poor record since their week off. Let's take a closer look at that record and dive into the numbers.
The Caps are 5-6-1 since the break with 4 of those regulation losses coming in the last 4 games. When the Caps have at least a days rest they are 5-3-0 and those 3 losses to who and why are very important. They lost to DAL, SJS, and LA in LA. News alert: Caps always lose to those teams. That certainly isn't an excuse, but seriously, in the regular season we are terrible against those teams.
-Against DAL since 2000: 4-17 which includes a 10+ year stretch of losing at home to them.
-Against SJS since 2000: 3-22… my gosh.
-Against LA in LA since 2000: 3-9 and 0-6 in the last 7 years.
So yeah, maybe it isn't the Caps are playing poor but that curses are just doing their thing. Caps dominated DAL (44-22 in shots), outplayed LA (2 inner posts and 2 open net misses), and lost the special teams battle (3 PP goals against) to a SJS team that has a poor PP unit. Caps fans shouldn't be looking at these 4 losses (including ANA) and losing hope. We see those teams twice a year and more than likely won't see any in the playoffs.
And the 3 other losses the Caps have suffered since the break are the back end of back to backs against playoffs teams: NYR, NSH, and ANA. All 3 of those games were played less than 24 hours before their last game and all with travel and were away games. So Caps played rested, playoff caliber teams while very, very tired and away, so I wouldn't look too much into those games.
But back to the Caps record in games in which there is some rest (not including after the 3 breaks). From the beginning of the season to now they have an outrageous record of 39-10-3 and that includes the recent curse stretch. That means, with rest, Caps win 3 out of 4 games. And if you look even closer at games with just 1 days rest before them, their record is a mind boggling 28-4-2. Why is this important? Because the playoffs very rarely have back to back games and most are played with 1 days break between games. With rest and more importantly just 1 days rest, the Caps hit a sweet spot and play their best hockey then and are purely dominant.
The good news is the next 7 games all have rest in between them with only 3 games without rest after that, but in those 3 games 2 are home and only 1 is against a playoff team. And of the last 14 games of the season 7 are with only 1 days rest. Wouldn't be surprised at all if Caps get back into their usual winning groove with this proper schedule and roll into the playoffs playing great hockey as they usually do. Though it won't be easy as the Caps still have to play 9 playoff teams with TBL and FLA who aren't playoff teams but still very dangerous.
via Japers' Rink
You can also count the Caps as quite unlucky since the their required break. Up until the break they had a shooting percentage in all situations at 11.17%, that's good for 2nd in the league. But since then they are shooting a measly 7.55% good for 22nd in the league. Same goes for their shooting percentage at 5v5: they went from 10.04% (1st) to 7.58% (15th).The Caps PDO was insanely high before the break at 104 so it was bound to come down, but what you have been seeing from the Caps recently isn't where they should be. Basically they might not be as good as they were before the break but they also aren't nearly as bad as what they have played recently.
Now, this doesn't mean there aren't concerns as all teams have. Caps continue to take boneheaded offensive zone penalties that kill their momentum; they also have yet to put together proper line combinations after their usual ones went stale; their special teams have been slowly declining; and Ovechkin can't seem to buy a goal. But there are 14 games left in the season so with some better luck and a somewhat more ordinary schedule the Caps should be able to get back on track and dominant once again.
A passenger died on a Nigeria-to-JFK flight after a vomiting fit Thursday — and a top lawmaker said officials gave the corpse only a “cursory” exam before declaring that the victim did not have Ebola.
Rep. Peter King said in a letter to Homeland Security and Customs and Border Protection that the handling of the remains exposed serious flaws in airport preparedness for an Ebola outbreak.
Between 70 and 100 passengers a day arrive at JFK from the Ebola epicenter countries of Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, King noted, and they have access to public restrooms and mingle with other travelers before their first screening.
“Given the high volume of travelers at JFK, it is essential that extraordinary measures are taken to intercept possible Ebola-infected passengers,” while keeping the public and first responders safe, King (R-LI) wrote to Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson and Customs Commissioner Gil Kerlikowske.
“These individuals transit the airport with the rest of the traveling population, including using the restrooms,” King wrote.
“It is only after they arrive at the Customs and Border Protection primary screening location that they are separated and sent to secondary inspection for a medical check and to complete the questionnaire,” he wrote Johnson.
His letter demands Homeland Security immediately beef up protocols for potentially infected passengers both in flight and at the terminal itself, prior to their reaching the screening location.
The letter also demands better training and safety equipment for the Port Authority police and Customs and Border Protection officials who can come into contact with high-risk passengers.
The unnamed passenger, age 63, had boarded an Arik Air plane Wednesday night out of Lagos, Nigeria, which has had 19 Ebola cases this year though no new cases in the past month.
Rep. Peter T. King letter to Department of Homeland Security and U.S. Customs and Border Protection
He was vomiting in his seat and died sometime before the plane landed around 6 a.m., the source said. The crew contacted the CDC, whose officials boarded the plane as about 145 worried passengers remained on board, a federal law enforcement source said.
“The door [to the terminal] was left open, which a lot of the first responders found alarming,” said the source.
“The CDC went on the plane, examined the dead body and said the person did not have Ebola,” King told The Post. “It was, what I was told, a cursory examination. The Port Authority cops and personnel from Customs and Border Protection were there . . . Their concern was, how could you tell so quickly? And what adds to the concern is how wrong the CDC has been over the past few weeks.”
The CDC declined to comment on the passenger.
Additional reporting by Lorena Mongelli
Antonio Garay Rolls in a Hello Kitty Smart Car (Pictures)
Chargers defensive tackle Antonio Garay has some balls and he's not afraid to express who he is. The dude wears his personality in his hair, and apparently on the street. How many other 6'4″ 320 lb. men do you know who roll around town in a Hello Kitty Smart Car?
Anyone who would drive a Hello Kitty Smart Car with confidence would also have to have a sense of humor. Clearly Garay does — he told someone on Twitter “I was told the smart car is slimming on me.” It sure is.
He also wants the VIP treatment when he drives the car. So much so, that he says he valets parks it.
Garay told Xtra Sports 1360 in San Diego that he got the limited edition car a week ago. He says all the guys on the defensive line have sat in it, but the only Chargers player who hasn't been able to fit is Mike Tolbert. Given Tolbert's ability to shake it on the dance floor, I'm shocked he couldn't shimmy his way into that tiny vehicle.
Helmet knock to Deadspin for the story, all pictures via Antonio Garay on Twitter
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured, along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer. 2009 December 25
A Graceful Arc
Credit & Copyright: Tony Hallas
Explanation: The graceful arc of the Milky Way begins and ends at two mountain peaks in this solemn night sky panorama. The view was created from a 24 frame mosaic, with exposures tracking Earth and sky separately. In the final composition, northern California's Mount Lassen was positioned at the left and Mount Shasta at the far right, just below the star and dust clouds of the galactic center. Lassen and Shasta are volcanoes in the Cascade Mountain Range of North America, an arc of the volcanic Pacific Ring of Fire. In the dim, snow-capped peaks, planet Earth seems to echo the subtle glow of the Milky Way's own faint, unresolved starlight.
On October 21, Pew Research Center released findings that show the annual rate of firearm-related homicides in America declined by nearly 50 percent between 1993 and 2013.
That's the same time period in which The Washington Post (WaPo) reported that firearm ownership doubled in the United States.
The WaPo did not put a figure on the number of privately owned guns in America. Rather, they estimated that that average gun owner went from owning 4.1 guns in 1994 to owning 8.1 in 2013. Breitbart News used Congressional Research Numbers to show that this means the 192 million guns owned privately in 1994 grew to 310 million or more in 2009 and to an estimated 350 million in 2013.
And PEW Research shows that this surge in privately owned guns did not correlate with an increase in firearm-related homicides but with a plunge in the annual firearm-related homicide rate, which fell from 7 per 1oo,ooo Americans in 1993 to 3.6 per 100,000 in 2013.
Complimenting this 20-year doubling of the number of guns owned by Americans is the fact that concealed carry permit holders nearly tripled between 2007 and now. According to the Crime Prevention Research Center, the “4.6 million” concealed permit holders of 2007 grew to over “12.8 million” permit holders in 2015. That means the last five years of the surge in gun ownership also coincided with a surge in carrying guns in public for self-defense.
Combining these findings and applying them to the times in which we live make clear that in the very year that gun control groups like Moms Demand Action and Gabby Giffords' Americans for Responsible Solutions were founded to fight gun violence, Americans were embracing the freedom to buy approximately 150 million new guns and to carry many of those guns for self-defense.
Follow AWR Hawkins on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
Story Highlights • Fast-calculating computers needed to solve big problems
• Computer simulations used to test nuclear stockpile
• NASA designing new moon ship with supercomputer
• Global warming focus of Japan's Earth Simulator
Adjust font size:
ATLANTA, Georgia (CNN) -- The chess match between Garry Kasparov and IBM's Deep Blue in 1997 was the showdown of man vs. machine: the world's greatest chess player versus the world's greatest chess-playing computer.
Deep Blue, a supercomputer that could calculate more than 200 million moves a second, defeated Kasparov 2 games to 1, with three games ending in a draw.
Deep Blue's match win was the first by a chess-playing computer in a traditional format over a reigning world champion.
Fast-forward nine years and supercomputers -- systems with multiple processors, huge memories and storage, and special software for performing the world's most complex calculations -- are doing far more than checkmating grandmasters.
Today's supercomputers are ensuring the nation's nuclear stockpile, forecasting weather, designing safer more fuel-efficient cars, mapping DNA, exploring the cosmos and even creating potato chips. (Gallery: Famous supercomputers)
"Pringles potato chips are designed using [supercomputing] capabilities -- to assess their aerodynamic features so that on the manufacturing line they don't go flying off the line," said Dave Turek, vice president of deep computing at IBM.
Supercomputers allow researchers to do in real time -- meaning days, weeks or months -- what could not be done during a lifetime with a single personal computer. (Compare a supercomputer to a PC)
"The amount of data that some of these supercomputers [produce] would be, maybe as much as 100,000 times more data than what you can put on a hard drive on a normal PC," Turek said.
The world's top supercomputers can produce data at a rate equal to putting out one Library of Congress every few seconds, said Bruce Goodwin, associate director for defense and nuclear technologies at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California.
An average PC can perform in the tens or hundreds of megaflops -- millions of calculations per second. A supercomputer like Purple at Livermore can calculate 100 teraflops -- 100 million million calculations per second.
Testing nukes in a computer
Using this ability to think faster, Purple can simulate the explosion of a nuclear weapon -- from the moment the button is pressed to the point when the bomb detonates.
In just a few billionths of a second, many complex systems interact to create a nuclear explosion. To replicate that process accurately, Purple must calculate very fast.
In 1994 it would have taken the world's fastest computer 6,000 years to complete the highly classified "button to bang" simulation, says Goodwin. It took Purple about six weeks.
Purple was conceived by the Department of Energy and built by IBM at a cost of $290 million to test the nation's nuclear stockpile.
In 1996 the United States signed the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty. Although the Senate has never ratified the treaty, which bans all testing of nuclear weapons, including underground explosions, the government continues to adhere to the moratorium.
To ensure the security and reliability of the nation's aging nuclear stockpile (anywhere from 15 to 35 years old) without performing an actual test, the Department of Energy turned to computer simulation.
"It's a little bit like taking care of a 1958 Buick in Havana. At some point it becomes very difficult to be sure the car's going to start," Goodwin said.
"We have to constantly be checking them to make sure that they still work the way they were supposed to."
This same technology can cut huge expenses from the manufacturing industry in the long run, Goodwin said. Future cars and planes will be designed and tested on a supercomputer before they are ever built. And they "will work the first time every time," he said.
The next generation
Purple is the newest supercomputer at the national laboratory, which also houses IBM's BlueGene/L system -- ranked the fastest computer in the world by Top500, a group that tracks and posts a yearly list of supercomputers. Purple ranks fourth in the world.
But these rankings will likely change.
In September the Department of Energy contracted with IBM to build a next generation supercomputer, one capable of sustaining a speed of 1,000 trillion calculations per second, or one petaflop.
Dubbed "Roadrunner," it will cost the government $110 million over three years and will be housed at the Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico.
Goodwin said all this speed is necessary.
"The ability to do this kind of seamless integration all the way from the molecular level all the way up to the full functioning of a technical object -- like a nuclear weapon, airplane, spacecraft -- is an industrial competitiveness for the country."
An edge NASA needs in its space race with China. NASA's new moon ship, Orion, which is projected to ferry astronauts to the moon by 2018, is being designed with the help of the Columbia supercomputer.
Columbia, housed at Ames Research Center in California, is also used to aid engineers working on the space shuttle. It was used during the space shuttle's return to flight mission in August 2005.
Damage to the thermal blanket on Discovery posed a concern -- it could tear away during re-entry to Earth's atmosphere and strike the orbiter. NASA had to decide if an in-flight repair was needed. They turned to Columbia for real-time answers.
Plugging in scenarios, running wind tunnel tests, engineers at Ames concluded (in about 48 hours) the chance of the blanket damaging the orbiter was remote. NASA heeded their conclusions and Discovery landed safely.
"What [supercomputing] has done is moved NASA from a situation where we can do post-mortem assessment of damage to one where we can come up with likely outcomes in time where we can do something about it," said Columbia project manager, Bill Thigpen.
"Not losing a craft, not losing lives is a huge advantage," he said.
Hunting mutant genes
For biologist Jeffery Skolnick at Georgia's Institute of Technology, saving lives here on Earth is what his research is all about.
He's employing an $8 million "poor man's" supercomputer for biomedical research. Poor in the sense that it's smaller in size and processing speed compared to the likes of Purple and Columbia, but rich in possible results -- drugs that could treat some of today's most life-threatening diseases.
"Having one of these computers allows you to ask a lot of the 'what if' questions," Skolnick said.
Skolnick is playing with amino acids -- globs of proteins that play a key role in the functioning of living cells. He uses a supercomputer to isolate mutant proteins that can cause diseases such as Alzheimer's, Parkinson's or mad cow disease.
"We have all these genes that are normal and abnormal. We want to understand, what do they do. What is their molecular function, what pathways are they associated with, what's working, and what's not working," Skolnick said.
If his research can find patterns or holes in the proteins and find ways to repair them then drugs can be developed.
The future of the Earth and universe, today
For climate researchers, NEC's Earth Simulator supercomputer helps them study global warming. Earth Simulator generates weather models that can forecast 50-100 years into the future.
"We are looking for temperature change, density of the air, cloud formation, wind speed and rainfall," says professor Tetsuya Sato, director-general of the Earth Simulator Center in Yokohama, Japan.
Climate data is collected from satellites and ocean buoys and fed into the supercomputer. Results are turned into animations that help climatologists understand what is happening to the planet, Sato said.
Animations also help move the heavens for professor Joel Primack at the University of California at Santa Cruz.
He feeds digitally enhanced pictures taken by ground-based telescopes into a supercomputer and turns them into movies.
"All that telescopes give us are snapshots. They see one moment in the billion [year] evolution of a galaxy and we never see it a billion years earlier or later -- we see it as it was when the light left it," Primack said.
With a supercomputer he can see what happens between the snapshots.
"It's a whole new world to be able to use such a powerful machine," Primack said.
Litecoin, the world's third largest cryptocurrency ($ 137,703,781 in marketcap) created in October 2011 by Former Google Engineer and current Coinbase Director of Engineering Charles Lee was popular among digital currency miners due to its implementation of a unique ASIC resistant proof of work algorithm called s-crypt (scrypt).
ASIC stands for Application Specific Integrated Circuit and is used by miners to verify hashed transactions on litecoin and bitcoin networks. Due to the network's resistance to ASIC products, the number of miners rapidly increased and litecoin thrived for the past 4 years.
However, since early 2014, mining hardware companies including Alpha Technology have begun to develop and distribute litecoin specific ASIC products, offering to both individual miners and prominent transaction processing companies.
Suddenly, the block difficulty spiked. Litecoin wasn't “ASIC resistant” anymore. The one difference which differentiated Litecoin from other major digital currencies like bitcoin became redundant.
On August 25, 2015, the block reward for Litecoin halved, from 50 to 25 LTC, amidst the growing concerns about the block difficulty and profitability of mining litecoins.
The significant decline in block reward which was already fairly low as is, led to the downfall of the several Litecoin mining operations and individual miners processing transactions on the network using ASIC miners.
The majority of individual miners won't able to afford the costs of electricity and ASIC miners needed to maintain its computing power to continue their operations.
In response, the Litecoin association explained that the decreased supply growth may raise the price of the currency which could potentially stabilize the income of miners. However, the decline in the block reward may dwindle the number of miners in the network which ultimately could lead to a more centralized network due to the failure in the distribution of network hash rate.
The market-cap of litecoin has declined by over 30% in the past few weeks, and is predicted to hit its yearly low in upcoming weeks.
Instagram is embroiled in more than a little controversy at the moment. The mess has stirred up some serious user anger as it seems to let Instagram (or, more properly, its new imperial overlord Facebook) sell your photos for its own profit.
So where else can a privacy-wanting, photo-loving smartphone owner turn for the same kind of filter effect imagery? Glad you asked.
Hipstamatic. Some smartphone camera fans were using Hipstamatic before Instagram had barely added a glowing halo to a single pic. With an initial bent on recreating effects from the low tech wet chemistry Lomo camera craze, Hipstamatic has an interface that lets you apply many more different effects than Instagram does–including tinkering with each effect by swapping the virtual camera's “lens,” “flash,” and even film. As a bonus, the interface lets you share your square, filter-effected photos via Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, and even Instagram. ($1 on iPhone)
Camera Awesome. Camera Awesome is much more playful than Instagram or Hipstamatic, but beneath it's cheeky style (you don't “filter” photos, so much as select how much you want to “awesomize” them) there are great built-in tips for taking good photos. Plus it offers precise control over the effects (some of which you have to buy)–though this means it takes a little longer to use it. On the plus side: It shares to more networks than Hipstagram, (free on iOS)
Camera Fun. Perhaps the simplest app on this list, Camera Fun is also all about photo filters that are much crazier than what Instagram offers–including weird options like night vision mode. ($1 for iPhone and Android)
100 Cameras in 1. With a very attractive interface, 100 Cameras in 1 might be a photographer's favorite–and its quick-search array of filters (each with a nice sentence describing what it does) makes for swift photo snapping. You can even layer effects one atop each other to go totally filter crazy. ($2 on iOS)
The time when your Facebook newsfeed isn't clogged up by Farmville request from friends may be coming soon. Social gaming powerhouse Zynga launched its own dedicated website today, the first step in eventually hosting its vastly popular games somewhere other than the world's largest social networking site.
In an interview with Gamasutra, COO John Schappert says players of the company's titles "want a place where they can find dedicated social games, where the feed is just about gaming." Zynga.com's a beta of the company's Zynga Platform, a destination where their many titles will live, along with those by third-party developers. The move looks to make Zynga less dependent on Facebook for its user base, as well as helping them enter the publishing space. The Zynga Platform should launch in full later this month.
Zynga's new platform may be first step toward Facebook divorce [Gamasutra]
Snow Leopard has been out just a few days and folks are already trying to benchmark its OpenCL capabilities. While the available tools are barely a few days old, the results so far show some interesting results for Snow Leopard's OpenCL implementation.
OpenCL, as you may know, is a framework for writing general (as opposed to graphics-specific) code that can run on the fast, multicore GPUs in today's computers. As opposed to NVIDIA's CUDA and ATI's Stream APIs, which are designed to enable GPGPU programming for each company's respective GPU hardware, OpenCL is designed in a hardware-agnostic way. Code can run on whatever computing resources are available in a given system. That includes integrated GPUs, discrete GPUs, the main CPU, and even other specialized processors.
Apple proposed the spec last year, noting that it planned to build it into Snow Leopard. Apple then joined with the Khronos Group to create a working group to define the spec as an open standard. That work wrapped up last fall, and the 1.0 version was finalized last December. Apple released Snow Leopard last Friday with the first implementation of OpenCL.
In just a couple days time, there are already two benchmarking utilities designed to test OpenCL. Developer Andreas Michalak has put together a command line utility called OpenCL Benchmark, while Japanese developer "kloku" is porting the AO Bench floating point benchmark to OpenCL with mixed results. Some of the early testing with OpenCL Benchmark, though, show promise of some massive speed-ups in the kinds of calculations that OpenCL is designed for.
Here is one example run of OpenCL Benchmark V205.
The example run shown on the download page for OpenCL Benchmark shows the benchmark runs 12 times slower on a 3.2GHz Core 2 Duo compared to an NVIDIA GeForce 9600M GT. That's fast. However, more typical results show that OpenCL code can run about four to five times faster than on a Core 2 Duo in general. One result with a Nehalem-based Mac Pro shows the code can run slightly faster on those systems' CPUs, but given a large enough set of parallel tasks, the OS can spread around the computing tasks as needed, as some cores of the CPU would likely be involved in other tasks in real-world use.
Furthermore, an interesting tidbit about Snow Leopard's implementation is revealed by early tests. Though Snow Leopard doesn't seem to enable dual GPUs or on-the-fly GPU switching for machines using the NVIDIA GeForce 9400M chipset—a limitation carried over from Leopard—it does appear that the OS can use both as OpenCL resources simultaneously. So even if you have the 9600M GT enabled on your MacBook Pro, if OpenCL code is encountered in an application, Snow Leopard can send that code to be processed by the 16 GPU cores sitting pretty much dormant in the 9400M. The converse is not true, though—when running a MacBook Pro with just the 9400M enabled, the 9600M GT is shut down entirely to save power, and can't be used as an OpenCL resource.
Of course, OpenCL is sill in its infancy, and developers will have to update their software to take advantages of the benefits that OpenCL can offer. But the trend in computing seems to be throwing more and more processors at the increasingly complex computing problems, so OpenCL will be a handy tool for developers to have at their disposal to better take advantage of all this processing power.
Further Reading:
Families are faced with moving to cities as far afield as Grimsby as the new benefit cap hits, along with the high cost of renting in the capital
This month Nikola Gardner, 41, will be getting ready for another move with her children – her fifth in four years – as changes to her benefit allowances edge her further from the patch of central London where she was born. She is living now on a quiet street in the outer London borough of Enfield, but she knows that soon there will be no place left for her in the capital. She fears the next move, as a result of the new benefit cap, could see her dispatched as far as Grimsby.
As concern rises about soaring property prices in the capital, and the increasing unaffordability of housing for those hoping to buy, there also are severe consequences for those at the bottom end of the London property chain, far removed from even contemplating buying somewhere to live. Rising house prices have led to soaring rents, pushing up the government's housing benefit bill, and triggering in turn radical cuts to the amount of support available for those who need it.
Gardner moved from Islington in February 2012 to Enfield, 12 miles from her family, after being evicted from her home when a cut to the amount she was entitled to make the flat she was renting unaffordable.
But the newly introduced overall benefit cap of £500 a week, now means the home she settled in with her two sons (aged four and eight) has now in turn become unaffordable, so she is set to be evicted for a second time.
Her situation is not unique. Her friend, Clarissa Pilgrim, 36, was also rehoused in Enfield by Islington council in September 2012, when her flat became too expensive. She was helped to find a private flat to rent, paying for it with housing benefit. Less than 18 months after moving, the introduction of the benefit cap means she is no longer able to pay her rent, and she too faces eviction for a second time.
The homelessness charity Crisis recently revealed that the main cause of homelessness in England is now people's private tenancies coming to an end, with many unable to find somewhere else to live because benefit changes have made it impossible for tenants to keep up with soaring rental costs.
Karen Buck, Labour MP for Westminster North, says it is not uncommon to see households making "very frequent, involuntary moves" as a result of a series of benefit changes. Research by the New Policy Institute shows changes to benefits mean that almost all of London is now unaffordable to a family with two children who are supported by housing benefits.
Gardner knows that discussion of benefits has become a vitriolic theme, so she is at pains to set out why she is currently, and she hopes just temporarily, being supported by housing benefit.
She was working until five years ago, as a deputy manager with National Car Parks in Gatwick. She had always worked, but relied on her mother to help her with childcare while she was at work, picking up her children from nursery, particularly after she split up from their father. When her mother was diagnosed with cancer and died, she was devastated, but also found herself unable to afford the childcare to allow her back to work.
She was living in a three-bedroom flat in Islington, which cost £550 a week, a rent which was initially met by housing benefit in full. "I was gobsmacked when I found out how much it cost. It was not a nice place. It was not a luxury place," she says. In March 2012, a new cap reduced the amount of housing benefit payable to around £350 a week for a three-bedroom property – so she would have had to make up the extra £200 a week. Since she was an unemployed single mother with two young sons, there was no way she could find that money, so she had to move.
Council officials told her that she would be rehoused in Enfield, where rents were cheaper. She was moved into a temporary flat in the borough, and for several months got up at 5.30 every morning to travel with her son to his old school (travelling back and forth by train was too expensive, so they went by bus, which was very time-consuming). When she was offered something permanent there, she accepted it, and switched him to a local school, reassured by the council that she would be able to stay in the area. Once she acclimatised to the move, she was surprised to find she quite liked the quiet area of Bush Hill Park, despite her sense of isolation.
However, only a year later, new changes to the benefit system mean that the £300 a week rent on the house where she now lives pushes her above the £500 ceiling, leaving her with a shortfall of £80 a month, which she is unable to find out of her other benefit payments. She has been granted a temporary discretionary housing payment to meet the shortfall, but when this runs out, she will have to move, further out again. Birmingham, Manchester and Grimsby have all been mentioned as possible options, she says.
"It was a nightmare being pushed up here, but now we're settled, we don't want to move again. I don't know if the children will cope with moving again."
But she knows she will not be able to find the extra money required. She realises that because of the culture of hostility to people supported by benefits, the disruption faced by her family will elicit very little sympathy.
"It has got worse. When people hear you are on benefits, they say: 'it's not right that people should be on benefits and living the life'. But what life am I living? I have two sets of clothes – leggings and a top. I don't feel like I'm existing. I'm someone who wakes up, takes the children to school, cleans, picks them up, cooks for them, sleeps. I don't see anyone, or go anywhere."
She wants to go into full-time work when both her children are at school full time; her youngest, who is four, currently gets just 15 hours a week of state-funded childcare.
Gardner thinks people don't understand that she did not choose to live in the most expensive part of the UK and possibly Europe. "We were born here, we were raised here, brought up here, it's all we know. I've already moved away from friends to come here. How would I afford to see family if we leave London?"
Pilgrim agrees. "Rent is stupid in London. There is nowhere affordable to move into. We didn't choose to move into a place that cost £550 a week," she says. "It's not fair to move children away from what they know."
Pilgrim worked as a parent support adviser before she was made redundant in a wave of government cuts. Later, she worked as a teaching assistant in a school and a youth worker in the evening. She stopped working after her second child was born, and wants to return to work when her daughter goes to school full-time. At the moment she has only three hours of nursery a day. "What can you do in three hours?"
She was living in Islington in a flat that cost £425 a week, when the first cap was introduced, and was moved to Enfield in 2010 to take a house priced at £310 a week. She was also assured that she would not be moved on again, once new reforms came in. But now the £26,000 benefit cap has been introduced she is about £100 a month short. She is using savings from when she was working to help meet the gap between rent and benefits. She has also cut down on the heating. "It goes on for 15 minutes at 5.45 am, for 15 minutes at 10am, for 15 minutes when they come home from school at 3 and for half an hour at six o'clock."
She is juggling disconnection notices from utility providers. "I always have a threatening letter. I feel trapped. I have no support network here, even if I wanted to go back to work."
For the moment, she is coping with the shortfall but the bills are mounting up. "It will take one thing for it to crumble. I'm just teetering on the edge," she says. She has looked at rents in Chesham, 29 miles away out of London, which look more affordable but is dreading moving her family again, so soon after the last move.
When changes to housing benefit allowances were introduced, the government said that they would help to push down private rents. However, Lord Freud, work and pensions minister, conceded last month that the policy had not led to a reduction in private sector rents.
Citizens Advice chief executive, Gillian Guy, says: "The eye-watering cost of housing can push some households over the edge. We've seen rent arrears problems reported to our bureaux go up in every region of England since last year, with a 13% increase across the country for social housing tenants.
"Ministers' efforts at getting the cost of housing benefit down far too often punish a small group of people without getting to the root of the housing problem in our country, which is the dire lack of affordable homes. Pushing up costs for some families without tackling supply is an upside-down approach."
An Islington council spokesman says: "We place people in temporary accommodation in Islington when we can, but because of a shortage of housing this isn't always possible."
James Martin/CNET
Google developer advocate Timothy Jordan envisions Google Glass, pardon the pun, as a way for people to distance themselves from technology. This seems a bit oxymoronic, however, considering it's a device people would wear on their face.
Jordan expounds on this idea and explains more about Google's wearable augmented reality project in a new video released today (see below). The video is a recording of Jordan's presentation at last month's South by Southwest Interactive conference.
"Project glass is about our relationship to technology. It's about technology that's there when you want it but out of the way when you don't," Jordan said in the video. "It feels like technology is getting in the way more than it needs to. And, that's what we are addressing with project glass. It's so that you can still have access to the technology that you love but it doesn't take you out of the moment."
The nearly hour-long video goes through what Google Glass can do, such as record videos, take photos, chat, get directions, look up facts on the Web, and more. Jordan gives viewers a preview of the project's Mirror API, explains how the device works, and plays a video of what it looks like through the lens of Google Glass.
He aims to show the audience that since Google Glass is worn on a user's face, it seamlessly becomes part of their everyday movements, thoughts, and actions -- which is unlike a smartphone that people need to dig out of their pocket or purse to check.
"This is the idea," Jordan said. "By bringing technology closer, we can get it more out of the way."
While Jordan said that Google Glass is still in its beginning stages and far from being done, reports say that the device is expected to arrive on the market for the general public later this year.
Kent Falls, CT, Beautiful…until America's Immigration Disaster (illegal AND legal) reached it
By Peter Brimelow, Editor, VDARE.com
$17,200!—that's about how much VDARE.com had raised (tax-deductibly) as of today, September 3, counting snailmailed checks, towards our $30,000 Summer Appeal goal.
So, despite suspending our Appeal over the Labor Day weekend, we're already over 57% there!
I want personally to thank all of our readers who have contributed—above all our old friends. We owe you everything.
We now hope we've resolved the technical software problems that caused us to suspend the Appeal. So (to ape the immigration enthusiasts) let's get this done! We don't want to be forced into a supplementary Appeal later this year.
Congress reconvenes this Friday, September 6th and the Amnesty/ Immigration Surge bill is still hanging fire. There's just too much going on!
If you have already purchased a VIP Summer Appeal Pass for $100, you will be able to access the site throughout the rest of this Appeal! Of course, if you are among the generous group that gives more, that will enable us to open VDARE.com all the sooner!
If you can't afford $100—and we know that all too many of our readers cannot—remember that anything you can give gets us closer to opening VDARE.com completely .
. If you are among our friends who have in the past given even larger sums—some of you, enough to end this Appeal at one stroke—well, bless you. And we would all be very happy if you could do so again .
. Defying our fund-raising advisers, we're going to leave the blog open throughout this appeal.
We're not ashamed of closing VDARE.com to ask for reader support—it's a legitimate economic form, like a church, certainly nicer than barring readers who can't afford to subscribe; and more honest than depending on advertisers.
But it just drives us crazy not to be able to trash the Treason Lobby—even for a day.
Let me make two further points about why you must support VDARE.com now:
Today (Sept. 3) Rasmussen Reports posted New Low: 28% Think Passage of Immigration Reform Likely This Year.
This public pessimism, of course, is in dramatic contrast from the triumphalist drum-beating you hear from the Main Stream Media.
But what's really significant is this Rasmussen comment:
A continuing problem for the reformers [VDARE.com note: a.k.a. Amnesty/ Immigration Surge backers] is that just 32% of voters think it is at least somewhat likely that the federal government would actually secure the border and prevent illegal immigration, and that includes only eight percent (8%) who feel it's Very Likely. Fifty-eight percent (58%) believe the government is unlikely to follow through with tighter border control, with 27% who say it's Not At All Likely. [Emphasis added]
At VDARE.com, we have written a lot about “ pollaganda .” Pollsters rarely ask about increasing legal immigration, which current proposals envisage, and never about deportation. The only way pollsters have ever been able to assemble a majority for “Comprehensive Immigration Reform” is by stipulating that first the border must be secured. Yet, overwhelmingly, Americans just don't believe that the federal government will ever secure the border.
That's some “continuing problem”!
I like to think that VDARE.com's relentless documentation of Obama's unilateral dismantling of immigration law enforcement, above all our unique emphasis on his 2011 Administrative Amnesty for college-age illegals—which Establishment commentators now admit they missed at the time and which fully merited the now-fashionable calls for impeachment—has helped inform Americans' consciousness on this point.
The fact that the American people understand that their Federal government cannot be trusted on immigration law enforcement is not just a political, but also a (rare) cultural, triumph.
As we've repeatedly said: only grass-roots awareness—not Inside-The-Beltway maneuverings—have any hope of saving America.
My second point relates to the idyllic summer photograph at the beginning of this Appeal.
VDARE.com is unique in its emphasis on looking ahead—on what happens if the Amnesty/ Immigration Surge bill passes—and in emphasizing that this legislation will not “get it behind” anyone, least of all elected officials.
One of our most popular recent blogs chronicled the sudden devastation of public parks in the Connecticut Berkshires Whitopia because the rising tide of Third World immigration has finally come within weekend driving range.
Of course, the local community of Yankee liberals and New York weekenders are too Politically Correct to admit what was happening—but they did react, primarily by contracting the facilities i.e. reducing amenities for everyone.
Needless to say, MSM elitists within their gated communities will deride this as a trivial problem. But the destruction of public social capital—parks, schools, communities—is how immigration impacts ordinary Americans. And the Amnesty/ Immigration Surge bill will double or even triple legal immigration from its already record highs.
Whether the Amnesty/ Immigration Surge bill passes or not, there is literally no end to the problems that current immigration policy will cause.
But, whatever happens, VDARE.com will be here, fighting.
“The Summer's Gone, And All The Leaves Are Falling” says the great Irish ballad—which (as a matter of fact) first became popular on this side of the Atlantic.
But not in America—if you help us now.
Sincerely.
You know longer have to be blocked from viewing VDARE.com while we are running our appeals. Now, if you make a donation of $100 or more using the VIP link below you will be able to create a username and password that will allow you to view the entire site for the duration of the current appeal! Click here to purchase your VIP Summer Pass
Yes, this is Rochester High Street, June 2015.
The road was transformed this week as television crews again decended on the town to continue filming a new series of Jekyll and Hyde.
ITV has commandeered several shops to transform it into an authentic 1930s London street scene.
Rochester High Street earlier this week.
The cast, including Tom Bateman and Richard E Grant, have also been shooting at Chatham's Historic Dockyard and Fort Amherst.
Monday and Tuesday were taken up by the staff recreating shopfronts and removing any telltale modern signs such as burglar alarms and intercoms.
Meanwhile, actors were filming in the Historic Dockyard on night shifts before moving to Rochester on Wednesday.
The filming of Jekyll and Hyde.
The television production is an adaption of the original story by Robert Louis Stevenson and has been written by Fast Show comic and novelist Charlie Higson.
He told a TV conference last month: “It's a superhero Jekyll & Hyde - about Dr Jekyll's grandson, who doesn't know anything about who he is or why he's like he is.
“He can turn into someone else, nobody knows it's him and he can do all the things he dreams about, so I thought there was a lot you could do with it that was new and exciting.”
Rochester High Street earlier this week.
Bateman, who played the lead role in the West End show of Shakespeare in Love, takes on the dual part of Robert Jekyll and Dr Hyde.
Grant, of Withnail and I and Downton Abbey fame, plays Sir Roger Bulstrode, boss of a secret government department, while ex-Coronation Street actress Natalie Gumede, a Strictly Come Dancing finalist in 2013, is Bella, Jekyll's love interest.
Since first coming to Medway in February this year, crew and cast have also filmed at locations across Kent, including the Isle of Sheppey.
Starting tonight - Jekyll and Hyde
The programme is due to be screened on ITV in the autumn.
A documentary about the Battle of Waterloo, filmed at Fort Amherst with Sharpe actor Sean Bean, can be seen on TV this weekend. See page 35.
The Government's Strategic Defence and Security Review (SDSR) is meant to give Britain's Armed Forces what they need "to defeat the terrorist threat and keep us safe for generations to come", David Cameron has promised.
As the Prime Minister boasts of spending "more than £178 billion" on military equipment over the next decade, what kit do the troops have to start with? And what do they actually want?
Here's our run-down of what service branch has to play with, what they want, and what they stand to get.
David Cameron has trumpeted the news that the Army will have two new 5,000 strong "strike brigades", but they are being created out of its existing 82,230 personnel, rather than through new troops being committed. Additionally, they have already been set up as part of the Army's reorganisation following the last SDSR. The "rapid response" brigades will be able to be deployed immediately to fight terrorists and others threatening the country.
As for equipment, here is what the troops have.
Battle Tanks
Challenger 2
254
Artillery
287
Multiple Launch Rocket Systems
50
105mm Light Gun
115
AS90 155m Gun
117
FH70 Towed Howitzer
5
Armoured Combat Vehicles
1121
Warrior
344
AFV 432
444
Spartan
267
Stormer
15
Viking
5
Mastiff
39
Warthog
7
Armoured Combat Vehicle Look-alikes
559
Warrior RA
46
Warrior Rec
27
Warrior Rep
62
AFV 434
47
AFV 432 81mm Mortar
12
AFV 432 CP/RA
16
AFV 436
159
Samson
28
Stormer HVM
42
Sultan
117
Wolfhound
3
Armoured Vehicle Launched Bridges
23
Chieftain
2
Titan
21
Royal Navy
The Royal Navy looks like it'll be left underwhelmed by being allocated just 450 extra sailors to man its two new Queen Elizabeth carriers, which are under construction, after asking for up to 4,000. They have been told they will have to make up the extra by transferring sailors around from other ships and making cuts elsewhere.
It also wants a new fleet of Type 26 Frigates, which would cost £4 billion. However, the government may also shell out for 8 ships, rather than the 13 wanted by the Navy. The Navy and Royal Marines currently have 30,060 personnel.
Here is a list of its maritime assets.
Royal Navy Submarines
11
Vanguard Class
4
Trafalgar/Astute Class
7
Photo: BAE Systems
Royal Navy Ships
65
Landing Platform Helicopters/Docks
4
Type 45 Destroyers
6
Type 23 Frigates
13
Mine Countermeasure Vessels
15
Patrol Ships and Craft
22
Survey Ships
4
Ice Patrol Ship
1
Royal Fleet Auxiliary
13
Tankers
5
Fleet Replenishment Ships
1
Solid Support Ships
2
Primary Casualty Receiving Ship
1
Landing Ships
3
Forward Repair Ships
1
Royal Air Force
The 31,830 strong Royal Air Forces can expect to do well in the defence review, as David Cameron has promised two additional Typhoon squadrons and an extra squadron of G35 Lightning combat aircraft to operate from the Navy's new aircraft carriers.
The Prime Minister has also promised to invest in a new fleet of surveillance drones, doubling the available amount, and nine Boeing maritime patrol aircraft to replace the Nimrod aircraft scrapped in 2010.
Here are their air assets.
Combat Aircraft
233
Tornado
125
Eurofighter Typhoon
108
Photo: Eddie Mulholland/The Telegraph
Training Aircraft
290
Hawk
103
Viking
81
Vigilant
65
Tucano
41
Air Support
49
Voyager
8
Hercules
24
BAE 146
4
BAE 125
5
C-17
8
Reconaissance, surveillance and drones
62
Shadow R1
6
Sentinel
5
Sentry AEW
6
Reaper
10
Airseeker Rivt Joint
2
Watchkeeper
33
Attack Helicopters
129
Lynx
47
Wildcat
25
Apache
57
A two-term Republican member of the House of Representatives announced Tuesday that he has left the Republican Party to become an independent.
Rep. Norman Higgins of Dover-Foxcroft said in a written statement that he will finish his term unenrolled from any political party.
Higgins, a retired public schools educator, said he has grown tired of the Legislature's partisan politics in which “outcomes are measured in wins and losses.”
“Our citizens observe this extreme level of competition and lose faith in our ability as a society to find solutions for the common good,” said Higgins. “The citizens expect their representatives to work together and capture the best ideas regardless of party and find common-sense solutions.”
Higgins, who was first elected to the Legislature in 2014, is currently a member of the Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry Committee. His district includes Atkinson, Brownville, Dover-Foxcroft, Medford, Milo, Lakeville Plantation and the unorganized township of Orneville.
Higgins said Tuesday that the debate over the biennial state budget bill drove him to leave the GOP. Higgins was among the only House Republicans who voted in favor of the budget before the state went into a three-day government shutdown.
“I opposed shutting the state down because no one really knew how long that would be,” said Higgins. “I thought it was poor public policy and it sent a powerful message to the citizens of Maine: As a Legislature we hadn't been able to work together, hadn't been able to find consensus, hadn't been able to communicate.”
Higgins' decision leaves the balance of power in the House at 74 Democrats, 69 Republicans, one Green Independent and six independents. One Lisbon-area seat, formerly held by the late Republican Rep. Gina Mason, is vacant and will be filled during a special election in November.
Higgins is the fourth House member to quit a political party in recent months. Three Democrats announced earlier this year that they left the party, two to become independents and one to join the Green Independent Party.
The defections have little practical effect on the makeup of the Legislature because Democrats have so far managed to muster a majority on most key votes.
A new study finds there are more people with a mental illness in prison than in psychiatric clinics.
The report, prepared by Public Citizen and the Treatment Advocacy Center, stresses more must be done to expand mental health treatment options in the community, and suggests for some, treatment behind bars can be more effective than anywhere else.
Data collected by the Treatment Advocacy Center shows there are 1,543 beds available at state psychiatric hospitals in New Jersey, but according to Dr. Ralph Woodward, the managing physician for the state Department of Corrections, at least 3,000 prison inmates are being treated for an assortment of mental illnesses.
The department has a whole suite of services that parallel or exceed what you would find in the outside community, and treatment of mental illness for inmates begins very quickly.
“Inmates go through a brief examination done within four hours of arrival, just to make sure they don't have any immediate problems such as medication needs or they're in pain or they have mental health issues that might cause great anxiety or suicidal thinking, so we do that right as soon as they get off the bus,” he said. “Then within 72 hours they'll sit down with a mental health professional who will go into a much deeper interview with them as for suicidality and their adjustment to the prison system.”
“If they're on psychiatric medications they are at that time referred to a psychiatrist within our system and they are then placed in housing that is appropriate for their level of care.”
"We have in-house residential treatment units, we have transitional care units, and for our most acute patients we have stabilization units where they can be treated for acute psychiatric emergencies.”
He pointed out if there's a problem with an inmate that cannot be addressed with these existing programs the individual will be transferred to the Anne Kline forensic hospital, a state-run psychiatric facility.
“There are so many resources that in many cases they do get better treatment when they're incarcerated than on the outside,” he said.
Dr. Woodward stressed when an inmate with a mental health issue is due to be released, “we begin making contacts with providers in the community, and we do a warm handoff to these providers. They get a full electronic record, we communicate the patient's medication needs, and the inmates leave our system with two weeks of medication in hand, with a prescription for an additional four weeks after that.”
He said the system is so effective that “we find many hidden mental health issues that may not have been disclosed previously. They get an exceptional level of services probably not matched in the community, it's resource intensive, it's quite expensive. We believe this is an important cornerstone of our healthcare program, to prepare them for release back into the community.”
John Snook, the executive director of the Treatment Advocacy Center said we should not be relying on prison systems to get people treatment for mental illness.
He agreed the severely mentally ill do frequently have difficulty getting voluntarily treatment, but “in a jail and prison often you're able to provide that person care, regardless of their delusional thinking.
He said in some cases when inmates with mental illness are released, they don't follow up to get treatment and
“that's how you see people end up over and over again cycling in and out of the system, ending up in jails over and over again, and it's simply because the person has, as a symptom of their illness, an inability to understand that they need care. It's a problem with the mental health system, not the corrections system.”
He stressed, however, New Jersey is ahead of the curve and starting to become one of the leading lights to address this population.
“An outpatient commitment law was passed in 2014, and there is now a program in every county in New Jersey to make sure those who have resisted voluntary treatment in the past must receive it under a court order,” he said. “Those who do not participate the way they are required to may face involuntary placement in a hospital.
"It's a program we're just starting to see a number of states embrace, that's been an exciting model to see rolled out.”
<i>Contact reporter David Matthau at <a href="mailto:dino.flammia@townsquaremedia.com">David.Matthau@townsquaremedia.com</a>
Next Chapter >
Pickups might be all the rage and the top-selling type of vehicle over in the US, but they aren't remotely popular in Japan. They're more of a novelty than anything, and those that buy them only really do so to stand out. What has always made far more sense in Japan are kei (light) vehicles. Kei vans and trucks helped to motorize Japan after the Second World War, and are perfectly sized to not only fit down the tiny streets of rural towns, but squeeze between rice paddies.
To this day, they are one of the most popular commercial vehicles to own in Japan, and their utility is matched only by their cheap running costs. With such a history behind kei vehicles, it's always interesting to come across rare variants from a bygone era.
To me, this 1973 Mazda Porter represents a side of Japan's custom car culture that is relevant, but at the same time has a hint of fun about it. By any standard this thing is tiny, yet it's been given a hell of a lot of attention in the way of a full ground-up rebuild, and is well on its way to becoming something very special.
What made this generation of the Porter even more distinctive was its engine: a tiny little 360cc 2-stroke v-twin. While there is only so much you can do to boost power on something like this, the owner had a set of exhausts fabricated for each of the two cylinders, and I'm sure those expansion chambers will do magical things for the sound!
And check out the cover for the air filter. It all reminded me of another 2-stroke kei truck creation I came across three years ago at the Mooneyes Hot Rod Custom Show. Click here and scroll down to see the Daihatsu Hijet Revolver 2 built by Ushio Automobile in Osaka.
Plenty of fab work has gone into making the Porter sit the way it does and I quite like the period correct (1962-1975) Mazda emblem on the imitation knock-offs attached to the tiny steelies.
Stance? It's definitely nailed it!
The hot rod inspiration in the interior is strong, and compared to the exterior it looks like most of the work has already been done in here, including tan upholstery for the seats and door panels.
From this angle you can see how the chassis rails have been c-notched to allow the Porter's tiny solid rear axle to sit further up and position the body low once the air shocks are relieved of their pressure. It's just impossible to not like a project like this one!
Dino Dalle Carbonare
Instagram: speedhunters_dino
dino@speedhunters.com
A Miami man was arrested Sunday after a Florida Highway Patrol trooper caught him allegedly masturbating on the side of Interstate 95 in West Palm Beach, according to an arrest report.
Santiago Medina Gil is facing a charge of indecent exposure and was released from the Palm Beach County Jail on Sunday evening on his own recognizance.
FHP troopers found Medina Gil's tow truck parked on southbound I-95 south of the 45th Street exit, the report said.
The trooper saw Medina Gil behind some bushes and in front of a chain-link fence. As the trooper approached Medina Gil, he heard the man calling out to a woman, who was walking southbound on adjacent Village Boulevard, while touching himself inappropriately, the report said.
Medina Gil could not speak English but indicated to the trooper he was defecating behind the bushes. The trooper told Medina that “I-95 was not the proper place for that sort of thing and he could have gone to a gas station (or) a fast food place.”
Global Research Editor”s Note
The amounts allocated under official provisions to candidates in support of their House or Senate election campaign are by no means large.
What is striking, however, is that the contributions are spread out and include a large number of both Republicans and Democrats.
Whoever wins, Monsanto has the support of the White House, the Senate and the House, not to mention key appoints in the US Department of Agriculture (USDA and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). “While there are numerous points of overlap between Monsanto and the United States Government under the Obama administration, the three most important connections are that of Michael Taylor, Roger, Beachy, and Islam Siddiqui—all three of these Monsanto affiliates were appointed to high level positions within the government by the Obama administration.”
For further details see the incisive article by Josh Sager Monsanto Controls both-the-White House and the US Congress
M.Ch., GR.Ed.
House
Total to Democrats: $72,000
Total to Republicans: $190,500 Recipient Total Barrow, John (D-GA) $2,500 Bishop, Sanford (D-GA) $5,000 Boehner, John (R-OH) $10,000 Braley, Bruce (D-IA) $5,000 Camp, Dave (R-MI) $5,000 Cantor, Eric (R-VA) $10,000 Clay, William L Jr (D-MO) $10,000 Cleaver, Emanuel (D-MO) $5,000 Conaway, Mike (R-TX) $2,000 Courtney, Joe (D-CT) $4,500 Crawford, Rick (R-AR) $2,500 Fincher, Steve (R-TN) $8,000 Gardner, Cory (R-CO) $7,500 Goodlatte, Bob (R-VA) $4,500 Graves, Sam (R-MO) $5,000 Griffin, Tim (R-AR) $1,000 Guthrie, Brett (R-KY) $1,000 Hanabusa, Colleen (D-HI) $5,000 Hannemann, Mufi (D-HI) $1,000 Hartzler, Vicky (R-MO) $3,000 Holden, Tim (D-PA) $1,000 Huelskamp, Tim (R-KS) $2,500 Hultgren, Randy (R-IL) $2,500 Jenkins, Lynn (R-KS) $2,500 Johnson, Timothy (R-IL) $3,000 King, Steven A (R-IA) $2,500 Kingston, Jack (R-GA) $7,000 Kinzinger, Adam (R-IL) $3,500 Kissell, Larry (D-NC) $5,000 Labrador, Raul (R-ID) $2,000 LaMalfa, Doug (R-CA) $1,000 Landry, Jeff (R-LA) $1,000 Latham, Tom (R-IA) $10,000 Loebsack, David (D-IA) $5,000 Long, Billy (R-MO) $2,500 Lucas, Frank D (R-OK) $10,000 Luetkemeyer, Blaine (R-MO) $5,000 Lungren, Dan (R-CA) $1,000 McIntyre, Mike (D-NC) $1,000 Neugebauer, Randy (R-TX) $1,000 Noem, Kristi (R-SD) $1,000 Nunes, Devin (R-CA) $3,500 Owens, Bill (D-NY) $2,000 Peterson, Collin (D-MN) $10,000 Rogers, Hal (R-KY) $7,500 Rokita, Todd (R-IN) $5,000 Roskam, Peter (R-IL) $1,000 Schilling, Bobby (R-IL) $3,000 Schock, Aaron (R-IL) $5,000 Shimkus, John M (R-IL) $5,000 Simpson, Mike (R-ID) $10,000 Smith, Adrian (R-NE) $5,000 Stutzman, Marlin (R-IN) $5,000 Thompson, Bennie G (D-MS) $10,000 Thompson, Glenn (R-PA) $1,000 Upton, Fred (R-MI) $5,000 Valadao, David (R-CA) $2,500 Wagner, Ann L (R-MO) $10,000 Walden, Greg (R-OR) $1,000 Walorski, Jackie (R-IN) $2,500 Womack, Steve (R-AR) $1,000
Senate
Total to Democrats: $37,500
Total to Republicans: $85,000 Recipient Total Akin, Todd (R-MO) $3,500 Baucus, Max (D-MT) $1,000 Berg, Rick (R-ND) $10,000 Blunt, Roy (R-MO) $10,000 Boozman, John (R-AR) $5,000 Casey, Bob (D-PA) $2,500 Chambliss, Saxby (R-GA) $5,000 Fischer, Deb (R-NE) $5,000 Gillibrand, Kirsten (D-NY) $1,000 Grassley, Chuck (R-IA) $2,000 Hatch, Orrin G (R-UT) $5,000 Hirono, Mazie K (D-HI) $1,000 Johanns, Mike (R-NE) $1,000 Klobuchar, Amy (D-MN) $5,000 Landrieu, Mary L (D-LA) $1,000 Lugar, Richard G (R-IN) $3,000 McCaskill, Claire (D-MO) $5,000 McConnell, Mitch (R-KY) $10,000 Moran, Jerry (R-KS) $2,500 Nelson, Ben (D-NE) $13,000 Rehberg, Denny (R-MT) $2,000 Risch, James E (R-ID) $3,500 Roberts, Pat (R-KS) $9,000 Stabenow, Debbie (D-MI) $8,000 Thompson, Tommy G (R-WI) $5,000 Wicker, Roger (R-MS) $1,000 Wilson, Heather A (R-NM) $2,500
(JTA) — The company operating Prague's subway is investigating a complaint alleging one of its employees threatened to “cut off the head” of a Jewish passenger wearing a kippah.
The incident was reported last week by a member of Prague's Bejt Simcha Reform Community, Petr Papousek, president of the Federation of Jewish Communities in the Czech Republic, told JTA Tuesday.
The Prague Public Transit Company, he said, “is taking the complaint very seriously, and is investigating the details of the incident in order to draw conclusions on the behavior of the employee in question,” Papousek said. He did not identify the complainant, who requested anonymity.
A man wearing the transit company's uniform earlier this month harassed the alleged victim in the presence of witnesses aboard the B line, which runs through the Czech capital and its Old Town, the Jewish news website ZTIS reported. According to the account, the uniformed man told the Jewish passenger: “When we meet next time, Jews, it'll be to cut off your head.”
None of the other passengers intervened, according to the report. The alleged victim took a picture of the man who he said threatened him. It shows a man with a shaved head facing away from the camera while putting on a black coat over the company's blue uniform. He is wearing black boots.
Papousek said he had no reason to doubt the veracity of the report, but added that “it is a rare and unusual incident in Prague, which is safer for Jews than many other European cities, including Budapest.”
The complainant further said that another employee of the same company advised him not to wear a kippah while taking the subway because it invites attack. But the firm denies this.
In a statement published last week, the transport company promised to punish the man accused of threatening the Jewish passenger if the alleged perpetrator turns out to be an employee of the company and if the accusation against him checks out.
“If it turns out that the behavior described was by a staff employee of the Prague Public Transit Company, he will face consequences for his actions,” the company said. “But we resolutely reject that our employee had recommended a dress code or made any other proposals.”
This story "Czech Subway Worker Threatened To ‘Cut Off' Kippah-Wearing Rider's Head" was written by Cnaan Liphshiz.
SQL Test Scores Database
Russell Degnan Apropos to David Barry generously offering his collection of statistical data, and having finally got to updating my parser for the changes to cricinfo's scorecards, I'll do the same. Download the zip file available here: testscores.zip. Instructions for use: To begin Unzip testscores.sql and import into your database. I use mysql, running on XAMPP (which includes PHPMyAdmin). That is sufficient to look at the data. It includes all test matches (bar the ICC XI travesty) up until 24th October 2010. If anyone wanted to rewrite the parse script for ODI/T20 games feel free to do so and I'll add it to the file. The format is relatively straight forward but you'll need to work out what is what for yourself (and know some basic sql. I'll leave comments open on this post for questions).
team - numbered 1 to 10, in the order they first played test cricket.
- numbered 1 to 10, in the order they first played test cricket. game - a test match, use g_id as index reference, g_cricinfoid to reference the cricinfo scorecard.
- a test match, use g_id as index reference, g_cricinfoid to reference the cricinfo scorecard. innings - a team innings, referenced by i_id, references game with i_testid, team by i_teamid and bowling team by i_oppid
- a team innings, referenced by i_id, references game with i_testid, team by i_teamid and bowling team by i_oppid player - a player, uses the name first encountered, p_id for reference, p_cricinfoid for the cricinfo player id, none of the details are filled (TODO).
- a player, uses the name first encountered, p_id for reference, p_cricinfoid for the cricinfo player id, none of the details are filled (TODO). bat - a batsman's innings, references i_id via b_inningsid and p_id via b_bat_pid.
- a batsman's innings, references i_id via b_inningsid and p_id via b_bat_pid. bowl - a bowler's innings, reference i_id via w_inningsid and p_id via w_bowl_pid.
- a bowler's innings, reference i_id via w_inningsid and p_id via w_bowl_pid. extras - extras in an innings, references i_id via e_inningsid.
- extras in an innings, references i_id via e_inningsid. fow - the fall of wickets in an innings, including injured partnerships (marked as unbroken, with two partnerships having the same wicket number. FOW needs careful coding, naive queries will be slightly off because of not outs and retirements. References i_id via f_inningsid, b_id via f_open_bid (batsman in middle, or 1st in order for openers), f_dis_bid (batsman dismissed if any), f_no_bid (batsman not out).
- the fall of wickets in an innings, including injured partnerships (marked as unbroken, with two partnerships having the same wicket number. FOW needs careful coding, naive queries will be slightly off because of not outs and retirements. References i_id via f_inningsid, b_id via f_open_bid (batsman in middle, or 1st in order for openers), f_dis_bid (batsman dismissed if any), f_no_bid (batsman not out). close - score at close of play and batsmen/overs (if available, scorecards are incomplete). References i_id through c_bat_iid and batsmen b_id through c_bat1_bid and c_bat2_bid. Needs parsing of available game notes (g_notes) for luncheon/drinks intervals (TODO).
- score at close of play and batsmen/overs (if available, scorecards are incomplete). References i_id through c_bat_iid and batsmen b_id through c_bat1_bid and c_bat2_bid. Needs parsing of available game notes (g_notes) for luncheon/drinks intervals (TODO). series - collated series of games. References game numbers via s_testid_list. To update Download the scorecard from cricinfo and save somewhere. I have a batch downloader for people running their own webserver (again, XAMPP) called score.php that gets the 20 most recent scorecards; add ?page=X to the URL to get older cards. Copy them to a download directory. You need perl, I use Strawberry perl for windows, as apparently does Larry Wall, but suit yourself. You also need to download (via CPAN) the following packages:
Text::CSV_XS;
HTML::TreeBuilder;
DBI; Strip the crud around the scorecard with the command:
perl strip.pl < download/XCRICINFOID.html > clean/XCRICINFOID.html
Run the parser to add to the database. Will delete all records for that gameid, but can cause unwanted records if it errors (which it might if cricinfo changes their format or for other reasons).
perl players.pl clean/XCRICINFOID.html Update series data (and do any other post-processing):
INSERT INTO Series ( s_season, s_home_tid, s_away_tid, s_length, s_date, s_home_win, s_away_win, s_drawn, s_tied ) SELECT g_season, g_home_tid, g_away_tid, max( g_seriesnum ), min( g_date ), sum( g_home_tid = g_result_tid ), sum( g_away_tid = g_result_tid ), sum( g_result_type like 'drawn%' ), sum( g_result_type like 'tied%' ) from Game where g_seriesid is null group by g_season, g_home_tid, g_away_tid order by g_testnum;
UPDATE game,series set g_seriesid = s_id where s_home_tid = g_home_tid and s_away_tid = g_away_tid and s_season = g_season;
UPDATE series set s_testid_list = (select group_concat(g_id) from game where g_seriesid = s_id group by g_seriesid);
UPDATE game, innings set i_oppid = g_away_tid where g_id = i_testid and g_home_tid = i_teamid;
UPDATE game, innings set i_oppid = g_home_tid where g_id = i_testid and g_away_tid = i_teamid;
UPDATE bat,innings set b_testid = i_testid where b_inningsid = i_id;
UPDATE bowl,innings set w_testid = i_testid where w_inningsid = i_id;
UPDATE extras,innings set e_testid = i_testid where e_inningsid = i_id;
UPDATE fow,bat set f_testid = b_testid, f_inningsid = b_inningsid where f_open_bid = b_id; Any problems or suggestions drop a comment here. Known Problems Players who change names get the first instance of their name (notably MoYo), best manually edited.
Grounds are stored by name, not id.(TODO). This gets around the above problem however.
Cricket 24th October, 2010 12:23:18 [#] Comments SQL Test Scores Database
Thanks a ton!
soulberry 24th October, 2010 19:41:59
SQL Test Scores Database
You're welcome!
Russ 25th October, 2010 22:36:51
SQL Test Scores Database
Hi,
I've been coming to ur site once in a while and have been finding ur work very interesting, specially the test ratings. I tried what has been explained above, but still its a bit confusing for me. Can you help me out with this if you have time? My mail id: vishall2402@gmail.com
vishal shah 21st March, 2011 07:51:51
SQL Test Scores Database
Hi Vishal, happy to help, but it is probably easier (and more helpful for others) if you ask questions here and I'll answer them as best I can.
Russ 21st March, 2011 20:42:41
SQL Test Scores Database
Do you have a downloadable copy of the script which we can use to parse and download cricinfo scorecards?
Sumit Gupta 2nd January, 2012 18:03:30
SQL Test Scores Database
Sumit, the zip file contains the script. You can modify it as you need. I will update it further in the next few days.
Russ 3rd January, 2012 09:23:25
SQL Test Scores Database
Fantastic and immense effort, I guess. I was starting to write one myself, but thought of searching for one in the net and stumbled upon this. Excellent database with almost perfect database design. Thank you very much.
Unni 27th January, 2012 01:36:46
At one stage of last season, the difficulties experienced by Manchester United under David Moyes led to a joke doing the rounds that it was because the headmaster – Sir Alex Ferguson – had been replaced by a supply teacher.
It was a harsh appraisal of Moyes, but results and performances did little to help the Scot confound his critics and United's downward spiral ultimately led to the inevitable dismissal of the former Everton manager.
One inescapable conclusion of the Moyes reign was that the players never really bought into the manager's methods.
He did not challenge them enough, they became restless and, like any unruly classroom led by a supply teacher, the players lost interest and performances deteriorated as a result.
But under Louis van Gaal, the change in attitude among the squad has been remarkable.
If Moyes was a supply teacher, Van Gaal is the university professor accustomed to dealing with the very best and making them even better.
The Dutchman has been at the helm for just over two weeks after missing the start of pre-season due to his run to the World Cup semi-finals with Holland.
But there has been an instant mood change under the new man, both around the team hotel in the United States and on the training pitch.
Players have a spring in their step, but they are also being energised by a healthy element of fear instilled by Van Gaal.
It is as though the former Ajax, Barcelona and Bayern Munich coach has restored the eye of the tiger at United.
Van Gaal's grumbles and gripes about United's tour schedule and his claim that some training session performances have 'not been good enough' give the impression of a man who simply cannot be pleased.
But his demeanour on the training ground counters that view, with the 62-year-old offering vocal encouragement to his players, cheering good passes or goals and sharing jokes with players as far apart on the club's superstar scale as Wayne Rooney and Tyler Blackett.
Senior players have made clear their admiration of Van Gaal's approach and enjoyment of training.
A year ago, during United's week-long stay in Sydney, several players spoke of the intensity and physical demands imposed by Moyes, who believed that the squad's fitness could be improved.
The approach was embraced before the players grew tired of the one-dimensional methods in the early weeks of the season, but the striking difference so far under Van Gaal is the focus on technique, tactics and ball work.
"I train the players in their brains, not their legs," Van Gaal said in Denver. "It is about brainpower."
Drills have included touch and shooting sessions that require the players to receive, control and strike the ball with their weaker foot, while small boxes have focused on slick movement of the ball.
All sessions are monitored closely by Van Gaal, Ryan Giggs and Dutch coaches Marcel Bout and Albert Stuivenberg and the demands for slick technique are incessant.
Some players have struggled to adjust, with the bar being raised high by a manager who places technique ahead of physical fitness.
But the initial response from the players, with impressive victories against LA Galaxy and Roma, suggests Van Gaal's approach has instantly generated the improvement that Moyes was never able to coax from the squad.
The key question now is whether it will continue, but Van Gaal has already won over the dressing room.
Moyes never quite achieved that and it showed with results and individual performances.
He also never instilled the fear factor, but by gaining the respect and fear of his players, Van Gaal is already showing why he is the man United should have appointed a year ago.
I will be your father figure, I have had enough of clime.
You're already planning to whip up a delectable dinner for Dad; the lawn is freshly mown; and you're saving that request for plumbing advice 'til June 16. What else could a father ask for? If you still feel the need to shop, make sure the green you drop is actually green with these easy-on-the-Earth gift ideas.
Organic swillin' and grillin'
Tom Philpott did the painstaking work of testing seven organic beers — now all you have to do is pick one Dad will like, or help him brew his own with an organic beer kit. For some great grilling, give ‘im the gift of healthy lungs and use an electric, propane, or gas grill instead of charcoal. Fire up some meat-free fare (meatless Bacon Salt, anyone?). Hardcore carnies, avoid a sick-cow burger by buying organic or sustainable meat.
Groovy eco-gadgets
It's Dad's day in the sun, so hook him up with solar-powered toys. Reware's solar panel bags made from recycled pop bottles have been ogled by many a Grist staffer. Use rays on the trail to power a radio (with hand crank, if Pop's somewhere drizzly) and to charge his iPod and phone. When he's back on the grid, save his energy with a Smart Strip — it stops his stuff from sucking extra electricity.
Green golf duds
Fore your father's par excellence, EcoGolf vends green tees that supposedly last 10 times as long as a standard wooden one. And in case Dad's golfing makes a splash, non-toxic eco-golf balls dissolve in water.
Photo: Guster
Music gear and concert tix
If your dad is more “Eye of the Tiger” than Tiger Woods, get him tix to see his fave band (and keep this holiday stuff-free!) or hook him up with eco-friendly gear. Pop more of a playa? WheatwareMusic has compostable, tree-free drumsticks and guitar picks, and a guitar strap made from recycled bike tires will have the rest of his jam band jealous. Or splurge on a sustainably sourced bamboo guitar or drum set from First Act, which crafted a guitar from FSC-certified wood for Guster's Adam Gardner.
A close shave
The scruffy Jesus-beard look is not for all. If Dad prefers smooth cheeks, slice the toxics out of his morning routine with an eco-friendly, Grist-tested shaving cream, and check out Recycline's recycled razors — they're made in part from reincarnated yogurt cups.
Recycled work wear
Narwhal Co. recycles vintage neckties into wallets, wrist cuffs, and iPod/iPhone covers, which'll look fab with Dad's recycled-bottle suit. But seriously — recycled and organic cotton dress shirts do exist, and they're not necessarily hein. Or deck him out in a laughably named but decently priced Tofutech polo. Delicious.
The publishing imprint Dynamite Entertainment, which celebrates its 10th anniversary this year, will publish the first non-film sequel to a Quentin Tarantino movie in November, with a comic book featuring Django Unchained's Django alongside Zorro, the long-running character from the Dynamite universe.
Senior figures from Dynamite gathered at Comic-Con in San Diego, California, to discuss the Django/Zorro crossover and premiere its artwork, along with its writer, Matt Wagner, Django Unchained's producer, Reginald Hudlin, and Tarantino, who was the main draw for most.
The panel discussed the genesis of the idea briefly, then opened the floor to questions – mostly from Tarantino fans but with a fair number expressing a particular interest in the crossover and the Dynamite stable as a whole.
Tarantino, using the word "mate" enough to come a across a little pirate-like, was friendly and conversational, dropping hints about future projects, and at one point offering encouragement to a filmmaker fan. He also confirmed that The Hateful Eight, a forthcoming film whose future was in doubt after a script leak, was going ahead.
Here's the Q&A as it happened:
Who approached who about doing this collaboration?
Reginald Hudlin: Nick [Barrucci of Dynamite Entertainment] and I have been friends for a long time and as Django Unchained was about to come out, before it had even premiered, Nick called me up and said: "I've got an idea: Django meets Zorro." So me and Quentin had dinner and I told him the idea, and Quentin said…
Quentin Tarantino: I loved the idea. One of the things that I liked so much, I grew up reading western comics and entertainment in general, whether it was the Zorro comics, or the Disney show, or Zorro's Fighting Legend. What I thought was such a great idea was taking the most famous fictional Mexican western hero, and putting him together with one of the most famous black western heroes.
RH: They both have O at the end of their name. He said: "Black and brown fight together." What i like about Quentin is we have the same political agenda.
Zorro has met other people in the Dynamite universe, he's met the Shadow, the Lone Ranger. How is this going to differ? How will you be blending the two atmospheres?
Matt Wagner: They are both opposed to oppression. Django's approach is a little more personal, a little more deadly. Django is civil war era, and Zorro comes into prime in 1815, so i thought maybe we'll have a new incarnation. But Quentin shot it down, he said: "No, it has to be old. It has to be your Zorro," and that instantly worked for me. Quentin brought up that after years and year of posing as the fop Don Diego de la Vega, he has kind of become that character. He's become fastidious and old and he likes cucumber sandwiches…
QT: he's dedicated to teatime. And his prairie perfumes. But don't get us wrong – he puts on his costume and kicks ass.
What did Jamie Foxx think about Zorro and Django meeting up?
QT: I bumped into him a few months ago and he thought it was a fantastic idea. He was like: "Can we make a movie of this? I'm their man. Let's get Antonio. Let's do this."
Do you have any hand in drawing? I know you're not a stranger to animation.
QT: Twenty years ago when I was going around the world on movie promo – I was never able to draw when I was younger – but a friend of mine is a sketch artist, and he sort of taught me. When I was going promoting Reservoir Dogs, I started getting into it. I'm only good at drawing caricatures of myself. Like if I was in England, I'd be me and a bobby, or in Scotland it would be me and Nessy. Then it kind of went away.
When does this sequel take place?
QT: They're both older.
MW: We're just on the cusp of the civil war. One thing we can reveal is that Django's not with Brunhilda. He blew up a whole plantation of white people, so he's had to separate himself from her for her own safety.
QT: He dropped her off in Philadelphia and she's working for the abolitionists. she's telling her story to make money.
RH: That was a very real business – people doing lecture tours to make money for the movement. She would have been the perfect poster girl.
QT: Meanwhile, Django is still a bounty hunter.
What is your favourite scene in a movie of yours?
QT: I actually think the best scenes I ever wrote are the Hans Landa and the French farmer scene in Inglorious Basterds, and in the first script I ever wrote, True Romance, the whole "Sicilian" scene between Dennis Hopper and Christopher Walken. I like all the stuff I'd done after that but I knew I'd never topped that scene. When I wrote the scene in Inglorious Basterds, I thought "I finally matched it". What was weird, once I wrote that I couldn't write the rest of the story. I had to put it away, but I knew I had to finish it because it was too good a scene to go to waste.
In regards to the Tupac song in Django, are you a big Tupac fan?
QT: Yes, i am, and he was a fan of mine. I remember him and Snoop Dogg were doing a movie company and they did a press conference announcing this and said: "We're getting Quentin Tarantino to do a movie for us." When we approached Tupac's mom she said: "Yeah, he loved Quentin Tarantino's movies, he would be happy as a clam to be in it." In choosing the song, what happened when we met the record company is they put an unreleased song on the sampler, and we called and said: "Can we use that?" and they said: "If you make the deal with us you can, and if his mom says OK."
Reggie, as editor on these comics, are you trying to hold anything back?
RH: My job on the Django movie was actually to make it more crazy. I would go on set and say things like "Django doesn't look tired enough," "That fire's getting low – let's get some kerosene." With the comic books, I'm "editing" 'cos there's no producer credit on comics. We knew this would be an adaptation that was unique, so we just had fun. And I told him: we should not stop here, I love it, you love it, let's keep playing.
I was at the reading for The Hateful Eight. It would make me so happy if can you confirm if you are going to be doing it?
QT: Yes, we are going to be doing The Hateful Eight [audience member pretends to collapse]. All for you. We weren't sure about it but I just decided now.
Are we ever going to see you direct a sci-fi or fantasy film?
QT: If you had asked me a few years ago I would have said: "Nah, not really, I don't know." But i have a little idea right now. It's a little flower, you know, like a bean sprout, but those tend to grow into stalks. So this is the first time I'll be able to say "maybe". It won't be a spaceship sci-fi, it'll be Earthbound.
Would you ever take on an existing franchise?
QT: A series that I would like to put a spin on is the Invasion of the Body Snatchers. I want to take it from the pod people's perspective, so you're actually rooting for the pod people. I don't think they're so bad.
Is Dr Schultz going to make an appearance in the comic?
QT: I actually wrote this one scene, another Schultz arriving in a new town and talking his way out, that I couldn't put in the finished script, but I always liked it, so when I was talking to Matt I said: "Why don't we just take this whole scene how I wrote it, and stick it in whole like a flashback?' There's also a whole chapter that Brunhilda had, that didn't make it in the film as it broke up Django's story. People have this problem with Brunhilda as a damsel in distress, but I say she is. She is the princess in an evil castle, held by an evil kind. And Django is a knight. Brunhilda is a black woman who he loved so much that even when he is extricated from this terrible situation he still goes further than hell to save her. And people need to see that, girls need to see that, boys need to see that.
MW: I don't see her as helpless at all. In that final silhouette, you see her pick up his gun and prop it on her shoulder. And that's not helpless.
QT: No, she's not at all. When he finds her, she is being punished for trying to escape. And at the end of the film you know that the story is far from over, they still have to escape the south. But now you know he meets up with Zorro, so they make it out.
Have you noticed that Django now shares the Dynamite universe with Shaft?
QT: Yes, I expect to see a comic in the future where he talks about great-great-great-grandmother Brunhilda.
Human Chromosome 2 is a fusion of two ancestral chromosomes
Alec MacAndrew
Introduction
All great apes apart from man have 24 pairs of chromosomes. There is therefore a hypothesis that the common ancestor of all great apes had 24 pairs of chromosomes and that the fusion of two of the ancestor's chromosomes created chromosome 2 in humans. The evidence for this hypothesis is very strong.
The Evidence
Evidence for fusing of two ancestral chromosomes to create human chromosome 2 and where there has been no fusion in other Great Apes is:
1) The analogous chromosomes (2p and 2q) in the non-human great apes can be shown, when laid end to end, to create an identical banding structure to the human chromosome 2. (1)
2) The remains of the sequence that the chromosome has on its ends (the telomere) is found in the middle of human chromosome 2 where the ancestral chromosomes fused. (2)
3) the detail of this region (pre-telomeric sequence, telomeric sequence, reversed telomeric sequence, pre-telomeric sequence) is exactly what we would expect from a fusion. (3)
4) this telomeric region is exactly where one would expect to find it if a fusion had occurred in the middle of human chromosome 2.
5) the centromere of human chromosome 2 lines up with the chimp chromosome 2p chromosomal centromere.
6) At the place where we would expect it on the human chromosome we find the remnants of the chimp 2q centromere (4).
Not only is this strong evidence for a fusion event, but it is also strong evidence for common ancestry; in fact, it is hard to explain by any other mechanism.
Explanations
Telomere evidence
The telomere is a sequence of DNA at the end of the chromosome. The function of the telomere is to protect the ends of the chromosomal DNA strands during replication. The ends of the strands are very vulnerable to mutations or deletions. Telomeres consist of, or contain long stretches of simple DNA sequences that are repeated many times. The telomeres tend to be shortened over time and are restored by an enzyme called telomerase which lengthens the sequence. If the telomere becomes too short in somatic cells, errors in duplication can occur leading to cancers.
The telomere sequence is highly conserved in different groups of organisms. For example vertebrates have the sequence TTAGGG repeated many times. (In primates the sequence is repeated 500 to 3500 times). Adjacent to the telomere, are regions with other DNA repeats (known as Telomere Associated Repeats) but these regions, rather than being highly conserved, are highly polymorphic - that is they have many variations even within the same species. Nevertheless the pretelomeric region can be easily recognised in closely related species. Occasionally genes are found in the pretelomeric region.
Now these telomeric and pretelomeric sequences are normally found only on chromosome ends. However, in human chromosome 2, there is strong evidence for chromosome fusing in that there is a pretelomeric sequence, a telomeric sequence, an inverted telomeric sequence and an inverted pretelomeric sequence in that order in the middle of the chromosome.
Centromere evidence
Turning now to the centromere. The process of somatic cell division (mitosis) is as follows (this is a very brief and simplified summary to explain the centromere):
1) The genetic material is duplicated. At this stage, called interphase, the DNA strands are extended and invisible. Although there are still 23 pairs of chromosomes in humans, each one has twice the DNA material compared with a non-dividing cell
2) The chromosomes condense: ie they become shorter and fatter (they actually become coiled coiled coils around a core protein called a histone) and visible in a microscope. All the pictures we see of chromosomes are when they are condensed during duplication. The genetic material has been duplicated and each chromosome consists of two sets of genetic material connected at the centromere. Each set of genetic material is known as a chromatid. Since the centromere is generally somewhere away from the ends, the chromosome has the form of an X-shape with the two arms (the sister chromatids) joined at the centromere. The mitotic spindle ( a structure crossing from one side of the cell to the other) forms. The nuclear envelope breaks down. This is prophase.
3) The chromosomes become aligned so their centromeres are on the centre of the spindle. At each centromere there are plate structures (called kinetochores) for attachment of microtubules to the centromere. This is metaphase
4) The sister chromatids separate forming a pair of identical chromosomes and are drawn to opposite ends of the cell to the spindle poles. This is anaphase.
5) A new cell wall in the middle of the original cell forms, a nuclear membrane forms around the chromosomes and the chromosomes disperse and become invisible. We now have two cells. This is known as telophase.
The centromere can be seen on a condensed chromosome as a pinched region. It has proteins from outside inwards which form kinetochores, which form the central portion (histones) and which attach the sister chromatids one to the other.
Let us re-iterate what we find on human chromosome 2. Its centromere is at the same place as the chimpanzee chromosome 2p as determined by sequence similarity. Even more telling is the fact that on the 2q arm of the human chromosome 2 is the unmistakable remains of the original chromosome centromere of the common ancestor of human and chimp 2q chromosome, at the same position as the chimp 2q centromere (this structure in humans no longer acts as a centromere for chromosome 2.
Conclusion
The evidence that human chromosome 2 is a fusion of two of the common ancestor's chromosomes is overwhelming.
1. http://www.fhcrc.org/labs/trask/subtelomeres/
2. Yunis, J. J., Sawyer, J.R., Dunham, K., The striking resemblance of high-resolution g-banded chromosomes of man and chimpanzee. Science, Vol. 208, 6 June 1980, pp. 1145 - 1148
3. IJdo JW, Baldini A, Ward DC, Reeders ST, Wells RA, Origin of human chromosome 2: an ancestral telomere-telomere fusion. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A 1991 Oct 15;88(20):9051-5; available on-line here:
http://www.pnas.org/cgi/reprint/88/20/9051.pdf
A taxi driver smokes a cigarette while waiting in traffic at night in the Luohu district of Shenzhen. Bloomberg News
Frontier town Shenzhen has long aspired to being at the leading edge of all things auto. The sprawling, made-from-scratch city just north of Hong Kong is home to the Warren Buffet-backed car company BYD, a pioneer of electric mobility, and electric taxis and buses plying the streets are a common sight.
Now the city's traffic police is introducing visionary new ways to curb bad driving habits among citizens.
Drivers caught using high beams inappropriately will now be offered on-the-spot training about the dangers of such practices, according to a posting on the Shenzhen Traffic Police's verified account with Weibo.
Specifically, headlight-happy drivers will be forced to stare straight ahead into the glaring headlights of a police van for a period of several minutes.
“You still dare to use your headlights carelessly?” the Traffic Police posting asks. “If so, then starting from now we'll make you stare at our high beams for five minutes.”
The threat is diluted somewhat by an emoticon of a giant laughing face.
But not all netizens are amused.
“Traffic police should follow the law. Please tell me what law or regulation is this punishment based on?” wrote one Weibo user.
Others worried such punishments could be harmful to the well-being of drivers and have unforeseen consequences.
“It will do harm to the driver's health and may cause more danger on the road as the driver will get tired after the punishment. We'd better think twice before judging this kind of punishment,” wrote another.
Still, most people reacted positively to the Shenzhen Traffic Police's approach.
“An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth! This punishment should be popularized. When can it be used to deal with red-light running or hit-and-run?” wrote another.
According to the police, ‘inappropriate' use of high beams could include using them in situations in which drivers coming from the opposite direction might find their visibility impaired due to their brightness.
In addition to the requirement that drivers stare at bright lights, high-beams hijinks will also cost drivers 300 yuan ($49) in fines.
Such a punishment may turn out to be more effective than staring at headlights.
But if all else fails, if forced to stare at high beams, as one microblogger jokes, “Just put on a pair of sunglasses.”
--Colum Murphy and Xuejian Zhang
After enough years of cooking and smoking meat, it's natural for one to venture into the world of curing and drying meat. The art of charcuterie has been around for ages. In Roman law, there were regulations that governed the trade of charcuterie and the French had a profound impact on perfecting it. Charcuterie was a way to preserve meat and give a longer shelf-life before refrigeration. Charcuterie often utilizes the offal of animal products in the form of pâtés, terrines, sausages, bacon, rillettes, trotters, head cheese, and more. I have to admit, some of the things sounds pretty crazy, but I'll try about anything once and I'm a believer in leaving no waste when I take any animal.
Today, hobbyists like myself and others take up the art of charcuterie to attain the flavors derived from this old preservation process. In the coming years, I plan to be processing many of my own animals and so one thing I needed was a drying chamber. In the proper climate, meat drying can be done in a variety of locations. However, my location requires that I set up the ideal climate, and the one I'll be showing you today use a modified, frost-free refrigerator to control the two most important factors in meat drying… temperature and humidity. It's important that the refrigerator is a frost-free model. I have read that if the shelving is coated (vs. bare metal) that they are usually frost-free, but you will want to check to be sure.
There's plenty of information that can be found on the internet on how to do it… and here's my take. After a little bartering with a friend, I found what I think may be the perfect type of fridge for the chamber. A fridge with the freezer on the bottom, and the bottom being a door and not a drawer. I suspect a drawer-type could work, but being able to situate things in the bottom (below the meat) and having clear access is the plus.
Step one:
Clean your refrigerator with bleach and water. Get scrub brushes, tooth brushes and anything else to clean in all the tight spots. I took every piece out of the refrigerator, including the metal brackets on the walls that hold the shelves and I cleaned everything. After all, we'll be hanging meat in here for long periods of time, so it makes sense that we should clean every inch of it. I also cleaned behind and underneath… where I discovered a mouse once lived.
Also, remember that when a fridge turns on and cools, it condenses moisture out of the fridge. So, it drips out a tube behind in to a tray. I took this tube and extended it and ran it to a drain so that I wouldn't have to worry about any water overflows.
Step 2:
Once clean, we'll make the modifications. The first step is cut a hole through the wall of the upper and lower chambers to join the two in to one. This is the most tedious part of the process. Do know that there are things in this wall that you do not want to cut and damage. I had a friend over for the weekend and the two of us took care to do it right. We traced the size of the opening we needed with a pencil. Then, I took a dremel tool with my whiz-wheel attachment and cut just through the plastic shell… being careful not to go too deep just yet. Just beneath this plastic layer is thick foam. Embedded in the foam are wires, and in my case, copper tubing. By getting the plastic shell off, we used a razor knife to slowly cut down through the foam. Using a metal putty knife, we were able to pop pieces of the foam out a little at a time making sure not to disturb the inner workings.
Step three:
Time to clean out the debris and give it another good cleaning before we mount the needed equipment and hang our top rack where we'll hang things to dry. I went around the sides and trimmed off any sloppy cuts and scraped the foam off the copper tube and the exposed wires.
Once cleaned up, there are many ways to cover the foam. I have seen people who have access to stainless steel to dress it out real nicely, but I just ordered some white food grade silicone and covered it over. (More pics at bottom) I also covered the exposed wires with the silicone. The hole is to turn both chambers in to one. Below, we will be placing a fan, some electrical outlets, and an ultrasonic humidifier. Having all this in the smaller space below the meat is what we want.
Step 4:
Next, we need some power in the box so that we can plug things in. Many solutions I found on the net ran all the wires out the fridge (many through the gasket of the door). The one requirement I had was to not disturb the door gasket since I want to control the climate inside as best as possible. I wanted just one wire coming out to keep things simple and neat. So, I bought a 4-gang electrical box with a cord at Lowes. I cut the plug end off so that I could run it through a smaller hole out the back of the fridge. Conveniently, this fridge had a hole in it already (covered by a sticker and ready for the installation of an ice-maker in the bottom freezer area. Worked perfectly. I mounted the box in the bottom part of the fridge, ran the cord out the hole in the back, then, I mounted a new plug end on the cord. (More pics at bottom)
Step 5: I opted for the Titan EOS-1 humidity controller. I mounted it in the top chamber where the meat will be hanging and used clips to keep the cord in place as I ran it down to the bottom chamber. The plug end has another outlet on it that allows me to plug in the humidifier. The controller will turn on and off the humidifier as necessary. The ultrasonic humidifier is important as it will immediately add humidity into the air when the controller turns it on. It will also use the water much slower than a regular humidifier. Note, use distilled water in the humidifier to reduce buildup and keep things more maintenance-free. I have heard feedback about non-digital controllers being difficult to dial in properly. That is probably true. I spent a good mount of time with the knob setting it to be right. I also realize that once we hang the product in the fridge, it will add humidity quite a bit. Keep in mind, you will be adjusting things later on depending on how much is hanging in the chamber.
Step 6:
Next up is a temperature controller. I opted for this basic Johnson Controls temperature controller and cost about $60. It's been working very reliably. It has a cord that plugs in, and just like the humidity controller, it also has another outlet on the plug end that the refrigerator plugs in to. I mounted the temperature control unit on the outside of the fridge and only the probe runs inside via the same hole that the power cord from my electrical box comes out. Set the refrigerator on its lowest temperature setting. If you have two different dials (one for the fridge and one for the freezer) set them both on their lowest setting. Not, when you adjust the temperature on the controller, it will cycle the fridge on and off keeping the temperature constant. I have burned this in for a month while I was messing with the humidity control, and the temperature has been spot on. The fridge does not even need to turn on and off very often. Literally, no problems thus far with temperature control. Now, humidity control is another story.
Step 7:
Finally, I drilled a hole through the front door that allowed me to fit the probe in from the digital display on the front of the fridge. I used this Extech Hygro-Thermometer for my purposes.
It's so important that temperature and humidity are monitored during the meat drying process. Depending on what you are drying, whole muscle or meat stuffed into casings, it's important to make sure the outside of the casing does not dry and harden. This effectively seals off the only area where the moisture inside the product can escape. Here is where the harmful bacteria come in and can not only spoil the product… but kill you. Let's avoid botulism and other unwanted nasty's by considering all we need to consider ahead of time.
I spent a good deal reading before venturing into curing meats and you should too. There were a few good books I've read, and this two Charcuterie, and Salumi by Ruhlman & Polcyn are very good.
Step 7:
Here we've hung a rack up top that will be used to hang various products in the chamber to dry. I chose a rack so that I had a lot of options when fitting different products inside.
Also, notice the temperature probe coming out the top of the center bar running vertically up the back of the fridge. Above and to the right is an analog hygrometer on the back wall. It's great that we have a digital reading on the front of the fridge, but it makes so much sense to have another reading that we can look at when we open the door. I can say that both the digital reading and the analog dial inside have dramatically different readings from each other. So, I bought a cheap calibration kit to test the readings.
Calibrating humidity instruments
The Boveda humidity calibration kit was like $7-8. It has a wet-nap looking pouch that you place in the provided bag and guarantees a humidity of 75% in the pouch. I placed the analog dial, and the probe of the digital instrument in the bag and let them sit for 48 hours.
At 75% humidity, the analog dial read 82% and the digital instrument read 71%. It's kind of sad really… so, I have to note those differences and take them in to consideration when taking humidity readings from either one.
So, that's about it. I let this setup “burn in” for about a month. During that time, I have made small adjustments to the humidity controller to get it to where I need. Again, I realize that once product is inside, there will need to be other arbitrary adjustments. As I also mentioned, the temperature control is perfect so far. I attribute this to leaving the gasket of the doors in tact. Keeping some circulation in the fridge is also important so I put a small fan in the bottom of the fridge that will kick on and off by a timer. The rest is just tweaking things as they come.
I will report back after I have product in the chamber. See the pics below for more detailed pics of and explanations of the process.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Sunday he's still trying to keep Connecticut Sen. Joe Lieberman within the Democratic caucus despite anger over Lieberman's support of Republican presidential nominee John McCain.
Harry Reid says it's up to the Democratic caucus to make any decision about Joe Lieberman's future.
While he has opposed Democratic efforts to end the war in Iraq, "Joe Lieberman votes with me a lot more than a lot of my senators," Reid told CNN's "Late Edition."
"Joe Lieberman is not some right-wing nutcase," he said. "Joe Lieberman is one of the most progressive people ever to come from the state of Connecticut."
Lieberman, a Democrat-turned-independent, broke with the party over the war in Iraq and ran as an independent after losing the party's nomination in 2006. Since then, he has been the 51st vote that kept the Senate in Democratic hands.
Lieberman also was Al Gore's running mate on the 2000 Democratic ticket.
But this year, he was a fixture on the campaign trail with McCain -- and now that Democrats have gained at least six seats in the chamber, Reid is under pressure from many Democrats to punish Lieberman for harsh criticism of Sen. Barack Obama in a speech at the Republican convention.
"Sen. Obama is a gifted and eloquent young man who can do great things for our country in the years ahead. But, my friends, eloquence is no substitute for a record," Lieberman said at the Republican convention in early September.
Lieberman charged that Obama had not reached across party lines to "get anything significant done" and said that the McCain-Palin ticket was "the real ticket for change."
Reid said it was up to the Democratic caucus to make any decision about Lieberman's future, noting that, "Quite frankly, I don't like what he did." But he pointed out that Lieberman has supported Democrats on most issues, including an important budget vote earlier this year.
"For those people beating up on Joe Lieberman, I've done my share," he said. "Recognize the glass being half full, not half empty."
Reid and Lieberman met Thursday to discuss the Connecticut senator's future. Reid said no decisions have been made, and he would not confirm reports that Lieberman was offered the chairmanship of a lower-profile committee on veterans affairs instead of his current post as chairman of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee.
A Lieberman aide told CNN that the proposal was unacceptable, and that the senator has been approached by Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell about switching sides.
Lieberman on Thursday did not discuss what he and Reid talked about, but said, "The election is over, and I completely agree with President-elect Obama that we must now unite to get our economy going again and to keep the American people safe.
"That is exactly what I intend to do with my colleagues here in the Senate in support of our new president," he said. "And those are the standards I will use in considering the options that I have before me."
Obama campaigned for Lieberman during his 2006 loss to an anti-war primary challenger. But the president-elect's designated chief of staff, Rep. Rahm Emanuel, told ABC's "This Week" that Lieberman's fate was up to his fellow senators.
"The business of what we have to do when we get sworn in is focusing on what the American people care about," Emanuel said. "Priority one is the economy."
All About Harry Reid • Joseph Lieberman
Ousted Yemeni President, Ali Abdullah Saleh surprised many political observers when he addressed the southern Hirak movement on Thursday for the first time following long years of him describing the movement as a group of outlaws.
Saleh forwarded his statement to southern Hirak leaders through a Facebook post advising to pay attention to what he described as conspiracies being hatched against them.
Saleh said: "We call on all our fellows and our brothers in the southern Hirak movement to recognize what conspiracies are being planned against them targeting them before others. Everyone should resort to reconciling and solving all the problems without any international mediation, and everyone should assume their responsibility in saving the country from fragmentation."
He added they should be convinced that they bear responsibility of the homeland and are responsible for solving any dispute or disagreement between the Yemenis.
The irony is that Saleh has always depicted the leaders of the Hirak movement as subversive elements, and on many occasions he refered to the movement as Al-Qaeda-Affiliated movement.
This is the first time that the man who is accused by the southerners of launching a war against their own country and marginalizing tens of thousands of former qualified southern army members.
Thea: The Awakening is a game developed and produced by MuHA Games whose team consists of individuals that have worked on games like The Witcher 3: The Wild Hunt and GRID 2. With a team of talented individuals, I was intrigued by what this game would offer given that it's a game very different from the likes of what some of the dev-team worked on before. So I put my strategic thinking cap on and was ready to enter the world of Thea.
The game has a boatload of details pertaining to the story for you to read about, but it also gives you an option to skip over all the fluff allowing you to focus strictly on gameplay. Nonetheless, the basic gist of the story is that after a hundred or so years of “The Darkness” that was cast over the world of Thea, a ray of light makes its way through. As you take the role of a god or goddess, you guide your group of survivors through the various obstacles scattered in Thea to save mankind. As the story, eerie creatures, and divine gods and goddesses are all based, and revolve, around Slavic mythology, it's quite entertaining and actually fits extremely well to how the game is structured.
In terms of gameplay, Thea: The Awakening is a handful of things; for one, it has hexagonal turn-based exploration and resource management systems parallel to the Civilization series. It also has a unique card game system to emulate “fights” utilizing different skills, and even allows you to customize your characters amongst other things. So to say that Thea: The Awakening is just one certain genre, is the same as focusing on only a single aspect of the game. It's the entire package Thea: The Awakening offers that makes it shine and truly one of a kind.
__________________________
“With such a high replay value, it'll keep you entertained and busy for much more than you would expect.”
As you explore Thea to find fuel, food, or even complete tasks you've been given, you'll have to manage how your group will be split up into expeditions, who will gather resources, fight enemies, and so on. As challenges can be done through different skills such as social, tactic, physical, etc., it's up to you how you want to organize your expeditions. Just know that if you encounter a social fight and have no characters with social skills, you'll be in grave trouble.
Challenges, as mentioned above, are governed by the skills that are being utilized. There's a whole range of skills that can be employed, but no matter which is chosen for the challenge, every challenge has a basic interface to them. It's all done through cards with each card representing a character in your party and an enemy on the opposing party. Each party's cards are split into two, with one half in the offensive side and the other in the tactical side. As their names entail, the offensive side is responsible for doing the actual damage while the tactical side is responsible for buffing and countering. As the card minigames are quite intricate and really of its own kind, it may take time to get used to. If you just can't stand it though, you can always choose to let challenges auto resolve so you don't need to do the dirty work.You can check out the video below to have a more in-depth look at the card minigame:
The biggest surprise in the game, however, is just how customizable things are. This is aside from the customization of consumption of resources, buildings to construct, and other basic options. I'm referring to being able to customize what armour, weapon, and accessories each villager wears. Each villager also has their own unique portrait, name, class, special attributes, and skills. It's exceptionally detailed and shifting your focus to making sure everyone is well equipped can, without a doubt, keep you occupied. To top it off, based on which god or goddess you choose when you start the game, you'll have different bonuses and buffs throughout the game.
It's also important to mention how exceptionally organized the layout is. It really aids in smoothly switching between things in-game with all the various things to maintain, atop the learning curve most will need to overcome. Also, given that the game utilizes a random counter for things like events, encounters, new villagers, and child growth, it gives a high replay value and also allows everyone's experience with the game to be different as there is so much variability.
Graphically, the art style is what first caught my eye about the game. It has an ethereal water painted-like style that makes it feel like you're looking through a storybook. It makes elven life and the gods come to life so beautifully, but creatures who linger in the darkness so eerily.
Unfortunately, I did run into some minor bugs/glitches as I played through the game. While not severely affecting my gameplay, it did add more of a challenge playing through certain parts of the game. For example, cards sometimes would not reshuffle in challenges, or occasionally when trying to auto resolve challenges the game would crash. Nonetheless, I'm sure these issues will be resolved soon.
Slavic mythology, card minigames, and hexagonal turn-based strategic gameplay are just the beginnings to what Thea: The Awakening has to offer. With such a high replay value, it'll keep you entertained and busy for much more than you would expect. It definitely packs a big punch for an ‘under the radar' game, and should definitely be on the wishlists of those who fancy strategy, resource management-based games.
***This game was reviewed on PC with a code provided by the publisher***
An intriguing clause written into a coaching contract Jim Leavitt recently signed was done without any kind of arrangement with Kansas State, the Oregon defensive coordinator said Wednesday.
As part of Leavitt's deal, he will not be required to pay Oregon any portion of buyout figures stipulated in his contract if he should leave to become head coach at K-State.
"I didn't expect it to get out and be a big deal,'' Leavitt, 60, told The Topeka Capital-Journal. "My mission right now is to build a defense at Oregon. I hope coach (Bill) Snyder coaches another 30 years. You don't know. He's an iron man.
"When that day is (that Snyder retires), they'll get a good coach. If I'm even a thought, then great. If they go another direction, then I'll want whatever is best for Kansas State. I truly do. That's not a political statement. I truly mean that.''
The new contract Leavitt signed stipulates that if he leaves for any job before Jan. 31, 2018, he would owe $500,000. If he leaves after that date but before Jan. 31, 2020, he would owe $250,000. However, wording in his contract prevents enforcement of the buyout clause if Leavitt leaves for Kansas State.
Kansas State athletic director John Currie declined to comment.
The four-year deal Leavitt signed with Oregon provides a $1.15 million salary, one of the most lucrative among college football coordinators.
At 77, Snyder has revealed no plans to retire a second time. Expectations exist for a strong 2017 season. K-State started 15 underclassmen in the Texas Bowl, a 33-28 victory over Texas A&M. The Wildcats finished 9-4, including wins in six of their last seven games.
The 2016 season was the 25th for Snyder as K-State's coach. He previously stepped away from football for three years following the 2005 season after spending 17 years transforming the K-State program.
At that time, Leavitt was interviewed for the Kansas State opening. He was then head coach at South Florida, a program he started from scratch, and loomed as a potential front-runner for the K-State post, which was eventually filled by Ron Prince.
It was in 2005 that South Florida moved into the Big East and appeared in its first-ever bowl against North Carolina in the Meineke Car Care Bowl.
"We were in the middle of the season and there were a lot of things going on,'' Leavitt said. "I am kind of like coach (Snyder) in that way. I wanted to protect our players. Certainly my mom and dad being down there too (in the Tampa area) was a factor.
"But there was more than that. You don't really just say no to Kansas State. There was a lot more involved than what it appears, really and truly. Everything was done in a professional way and it was done right. There were no issues with either party. It was just timing and things that were going on, and certainly my focus was on the players I was with and that team.''
Leavitt was eventually terminated by South Florida following an investigation into mistreatment of a player, an accusation he refutes.
"You keep moving on and you keep thinking time will tell the story,'' he said.
Leavitt went on to coach in the NFL as linebackers coach for the San Francisco 49ers from 2011-14. He returned to the major-college level as defensive coordinator the past two seasons at Colorado.
The passion Leavitt maintains for K-State, and desire to potentially be considered for the head coaching position, stems from his time as a defensive assistant for Snyder's early teams.
Leavitt joined the K-State staff in 1990 and after two seasons was promoted to co-defensive coordinator alongside current Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops. Each left after the 1995 season, when the Wildcats ranked No. 1 nationally in total defense.
"That was my first start to college football,'' Leavitt said. "I had some fun years with Bob, working with him for six years, and Dana (Dimel), Del (Miller) and Sean (Snyder). Everybody.
"We put that (Oregon contract clause) in just for me. I love the people in the state of Kansas. They're special people, and they've always been great to me. So that's the deal.''
With Oregon, Leavitt was the first assistant hired by new coach Willie Taggart.
This past season, Leavitt was a finalist for the Broyles Award, presented to the nation's top assistant, after Colorado ranked 17th nationally in total defense.
Offers for head coaching positions, Leavitt said, have been extended by schools at levels lower than the Power Five.
"I've always wanted to be at the highest level,'' he said. "I want to be at the big stage, and Oregon excites me because of the opportunity for greatness and to do some special things.
"I don't look at where their defense is now. I look at where their defense can be. It's not going to be an abrupt change. … We've got work to do. Is it going to be easy? No, nothing is.''
It's not just liberals who are gloomy. A Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll this week found that nearly 6 in 10 Americans believe the country is on the wrong track and a majority disapproves of President Obama 's handling of the economy. Nearly two-thirds expect the economy to get worse still.
Mr. Obama's problem — and the nation's — is that in the midst of the terrible economic turmoil that the country was in when he took office, he did not make full employment, meaning job creation in both the short and the long term, the nation's absolute highest priority.
Photo
Besides responding to the nation's greatest need, job creation would have been the one issue most likely to bolster Mr. Obama's efforts to bring people of different political persuasions together. In the early months of 2009, with job losses soaring past a half-million a month and the country desperate for bold, creative leadership, the president had an opportunity to rally the nation behind an enormous “rebuild America” effort.
Such an effort, properly conceived, would have put millions to work overhauling the nation's infrastructure, rebuilding our ports and transportation facilities to 21st-century standards, establishing a Manhattan Project-like quest for a brave new world of clean energy, and so on.
We were going to spend staggering amounts of money in any event. There was every reason to use those enormous amounts of public dollars to leverage private capital, as well, for investment in projects and research that the country desperately needs and that would provide enormous benefits for many decades. Think of the returns the nation reaped from its investments in the interstate highway system, the Land Grant colleges, rural electrification, the Erie and Panama canals, the transcontinental railroad, the technology that led to the Internet, the Apollo program , the G.I. bill.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The problem with the U.S. economy today, as it was during the Great Depression , is the absence of sufficient demand for goods and services. Consumers, struggling with sky-high unemployment and staggering debt loads, are tapped out. The economy cannot be made healthy again, and there is no chance of doing anything substantial about budget deficits, as long as so many millions of people are left with essentially no purchasing power. Jobs are the only real answer.
President Obama missed his opportunity early last year to rally the public behind a call for shared sacrifice and a great national mission to rebuild the United States in a way that would create employment for millions and establish a gleaming new industrial platform for the great advances of the 21st century.
It would have taken fire and imagination, but the public was poised to respond to bold leadership. If the Republicans had balked, and they would have, the president had the option of taking his case to the people, as Truman did in his great underdog campaign of 1948.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
During the Depression, Franklin Roosevelt explained to the public the difference between wasteful spending and sound government investments. “You cannot borrow your way out of debt,” he said, “but you can invest your way into a sounder future.”
Now, with so much money already spent and Republicans expected to gain seats in the Congressional elections, the president finds himself with a much weaker hand, even if he were inclined to play it boldly.
What that will mean in the real world of ordinary Americans is that even if there is a fretful recovery from the Great Recession, millions will be left out of it. Hope has morphed into widespread gloom as widespread economic suffering becomes the new normal in America.
Today we want to put forward a new approach to making sure that we are exercising optimum stewardship of the funds that we receive from taxpayers. We will be discussing this approach with our Advisory Councils over the next few weeks, and so we wanted to provide this broad public description. This initiative aims to take advantage of new and powerful ways to assess the effectiveness of NIH research investments to be sure that the funds we are given are producing the best results from our remarkable scientific workforce. We would pursue this strategy regardless of the level of budget support.
Over the last several years, NIH has been acting to address a biomedical research workforce dangerously out of balance. While we have made progress in reversing the decline in grant funding to early-career investigators through various programs and policies, the percentage of NIH awards that support this group remains flat. Unfortunately, gains for early-career investigators have been offset by a decline in the percentage of NIH awards that support mid-career investigators. The only group for which the percentage of grant funding is increasing is late-career investigators.
Moreover, the distribution of NIH grant funding is highly skewed, with 10 percent of NIH-funded investigators receiving over 40 percent of NIH funding. While that might be just fine if the data suggested that this is the best way to get results, analyses conducted by both NIH and others (1, 2, 3, 4,5, 6, 7, 8) has shown that incremental research output gradually diminishes as the amount of support per investigator increases. For anyone who is familiar with the stresses on an investigator trying to balance multiple competing priorities, perhaps this is not a total surprise. Essentially, the more principal investigators must manage in terms of additional projects, personnel, and grant applications, the less additional time they have to dedicate to their research. Thus, the incremental benefit in productivity starts to decline. This is an important new insight. And because scientific discovery is inherently unpredictable, there are reasons to believe that supporting more researchers working on a diversity of biomedical problems, rather than concentrating resources in a smaller number of labs, might maximize the number of important discoveries that can emerge from the science we support and thus, returns on the taxpayers' investments.
To address this new evidence, NIH will be implementing an additional measure to bring the workforce back into equilibrium by working with NIH grant applicants/recipients to limit the total NIH grant support provided to an individual principal investigator through NIH-supported research. We call it the Grant Support Index (GSI). It is not a new concept, although it is a new name (we introduced it as the Research Commitment Index). In fact, in 1985 Bruce Alberts (9) called for the NIH to limit the amount of support it would give to any one investigator, citing both diminishing returns and investigator bandwidth. In 2015, the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology, one of the largest scientific organizations in the world representing over 30 scientific societies, made the recommendation to limit the total funding to an individual researcher or laboratory. A similar consensus recommendation emerged from a major stakeholder meeting convened at the University of Wisconsin, Madison (10) later that year.
The GSI is a measure of grant support that does not solely focus on grant money, since differing areas of research inherently incur differing levels of cost. Instead, GSI assigns a point value to the various kinds of grants based on type, complexity, and size. Applications for NIH-funding that will support researchers who have GSIs over 21 (the equivalent of 3 single-PI R01 awards) will be expected to include a plan in their applications for how they would adjust those researchers' existing grant load to be within the GSI limits if their application is awarded. While implementation of a GSI limit is estimated to affect only about 6 percent of NIH-funded investigators, we expect that, depending on the details of the implementation, it would free up about 1,600 new awards to broaden the pool of investigators conducting NIH research and improve the stability of the enterprise.
Over the next few months, NIH will be seeking feedback from the scientific community on how best to implement the GSI limit. There are still many details of the policy that need to be worked out and we want those details to be informed by the community. You'll be hearing more about this effort and opportunities to provide input from NIH Deputy Director for Extramural Research Dr. Michael Lauer through his Open Mike Blog.
Francis S. Collins, M.D., Ph.D.
Director, National Institutes of Health
References
It is estimated that anywhere from 37,000 to 78,000 tons of meteorites hit Earth's surface each year. That might seem a bit high, but the vast majority of this figure is made up of micrometeorites, which are dust-sized specks about 50 µm to 2 mm in diameter. It is estimated that about one micrometeorite lands every square meter per year. This means that there are probably loads of micrometeorites right outside your door! Jon Larsen of Project Stardust is an advocate for all citizens going out and finding micrometeorites.
The hunt for micrometeorites begins with using a good magnet. Don't just grab something off of your refrigerator, purchase a magnet that is extremely strong—like the neodym magnet pictured—that has a hook to be used as a handle. The stronger the magnet, the more likely you are to pull samples off of the ground. Of course, with a magnet that strong seeking out these tiny micrometeorites, it will be very challenging, if not impossible, to pull them off if they make direct with one another, which could also contaminate the samples between locations.
Create a barrier between the magnet and the samples by using ziplock sandwich bags. Because the magnet is going to be dragged across the ground, the sandwich bag might become damaged or torn by sand and rocks on the ground. Using two layers of bags is recommended, and have extras on standby in case replacements are needed when out hunting. The layers of sandwich bag should be held tightly around the magnet, in order to have the best result.
Now that the magnet is properly protected, search for micrometeorites by dragging it along the ground. The tiny particles you are hunting will not be able to travel toward the magnet and will need to be contacted directly. If soil is wet, it will be harder for the magnetic particles to be pulled away from the substrate. Stick to searching dry areas, or take a sample of soil home, allow it to dry, and then use the magnet to try to find micrometeorites.
Once the surface of the magnet is covered with particles, pull out a third ziplock sandwich bag to empty them into. The hand holding the magnet/sandwich bag/magnetic particles should go into the opened third bag. Separate the magnet from the dual sandwich bag layer that had been protecting it, which will remove the magnetic force on the particles, and allow them to fall to the bottom of the bag for collection.
Be sure to mark the bag with the location, date, and any other relevant information about that hunting trip. After a trip has been completed, weigh the bag of raw samples, and record the result. If you plan to go micrometeorite hunting more than once, it will be very useful to start a personal database so all samples can be coded with the information. This will make it much easier to recall the data later when comparing samples between different hunts in different locations.
Begin processing the samples by using sieves. Multiple sizes should be used, starting with mesh that has openings of about 1.5 mm, down to one with 0.4 mm openings. Bits of glass and other materials may get stuck in the sieve over time, which could necessitate replacements in the future.
Once the samples have been sieved and sorted, you can begin exploring them with a microscope. The particles you are seeking will mostly be spherical (check out header image above), so you can use a toothpick or other nonmagnetic tool to sort through the pieces under the microscope. Separate the spherical pieces from other particles that could be manmade, or at least terrestrial. Once those pieces have been separated, put them in containers marked with codes from your personal database so they can be examined later. You could also keep a written log in order to keep notes and drawings about the samples for later reference. A good USB camera will be needed to take pictures of samples in order to share your findings with other micrometeorite enthusiasts.
You may also be surprised at what can be found just from cleaning out your gutters! Put all of the material into a bin, and use dish soap and hot water to separate the magnetic particles from anything they might have been stuck to. Use a sieve to begin separating the leaves and sticks, until a magnet can be used (with the same sandwich bag technique as before) to pull any magnetic particles out from the dirt. Collect, catalog, analyze, and store the samples, just as described above.
All photos belong to Project Stardust - Jon Larsen. Be sure to check out Larsen's site and learn more about collecting micrometeorites. Make some new friends and start comparing your samples from those found around the world today!
If the United States wants to avoid falling like the Roman Empire, it must avoid “overconsumption” and distribute resources equally, according to a study funded by NASA.
“The fall of the Roman Empire, and the equally (if not more) advanced Han, Mauryan, and Gupta Empires, as well as so many advanced Mesopotamian Empires, are all testimony to the fact that advanced, sophisticated, complex, and creative civilizations can be both fragile and impermanent,” reads the NASA-funded report published in the Ecological Economics journal.
“Two important features seem to appear across societies that have collapsed,” the study adds. “The stretching of resources due to the strain placed on the ecological carrying capacity and the economic stratification of society into Elites and Masses.”
The NASA study uses a Human And Nature DYnamical (HANDY) formula “to provide a general framework that allows carrying out ‘thought experiments' for the phenomenon of collapse and to test changes that would avoid it.” In other words, the model only takes into account general characteristics of fallen civilizations, and not the specifics.
What did the study find? That collapse is hard to avoid in unequal societies as “[e]lites grow and consume too much, resulting in a famine among Commoners that eventually causes the collapse of society.”
Limits on resources harm the working class, while the wealthy are largely insulated from the problem, meaning resources continue to be used without regard to the cost to society. For example, “an increase in vehicle fuel efficiency technology tends to enable increased per capita vehicle miles driven, heavier cars, and higher average speeds, which then negate the gains from the increased fuel-efficiency.”
The only way to avoid calamity is to adopt egalitarian methods of resource distribution if resource consumption is limited and distributed equally — eerily reminiscent of those who champion population control or communism.
“Collapse can be avoided, and population can reach a steady state at the maximum carrying capacity, if the rate of depletion of nature is reduced to a sustainable level, and if resources are distributed equitably,” according to the report.
Arguments made in this report are similar to those made by White House science czar John Holdren, who has suggested that government should limit the size of the population in order to keep the Earth from becoming unlivable.
Holdren used to collaborate with fellow scholar Paul Ehrlich, who wrote the controversial 1968 book “The Population Bomb.” One such collaboration resulted in a textbook passage that argued that coercive population control methods could be permissible under the U.S. Constitution.
“Indeed, it has been concluded that compulsory population-control laws, even including laws requiring compulsory abortion, could be sustained under the existing Constitution if the population crisis became sufficiently severe to endanger the society,” Holdren and Ehrlich wrote. “Few today consider the situation in the United States serious enough to justify compulsion, however.”
Communist countries have also tried to limit population growth while distributing resources equitably. Most notably, the Chinese government had a one child per family policy to rein in population growth. The program was enforced through birth certificates, mass sterilizations and forced abortions. The New York Times reported that 336 million forced abortions and 222 million sterilizations have been carried out since 1971.
This is on top of the unknown number of baby girls that have been killed or left to die under China's one child policy and the estimated 60 million people killed under the regime of brutal communist dictator Mao Zedong.
Follow Michael on Twitter and Facebook
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Warner Bros drops new Hobbit film titles and dates!
at 8:13 pm by - August 31, 20128:13 pm by Demosthenes
Hollywood Reporter and various other outlets are reporting that July 18, 2014 will be the release date for the third Hobbit film.
In addition, they report that Warner Bros has announced that the third film will be renamed The Hobbit: There And Back Again.
The second film, to be released on December 13, 2013 will be called The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug.
Veronika Kwan Vandenberg, president of International Distribution said in the press release: “The Hobbit: There and Back Again will be an action spectacle and an emotional conclusion for this already much-anticipated trilogy. Opening in the summer will maximize playability for what promises to be an event film for fans the world over.”
EDIT: I think that the second title Desolation of Smaug means that it will conclude with the demise of Smaug at the hands of Bard the Bowman . Highlight to see spoilery speculation.
WHO Press Statement Related to the Novel Coronavirus Situation
The emergence of this new coronavirus is globally recognized as an important and major challenge for all of the countries which have been affected as well as the rest of the world. The Ministry of Health of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has recognized this and invited the World Health Organization (WHO) to help them assess the situation and to provide guidance and recommendations. WHO is pleased to be here to work together with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
At this time there are some things about this new disease we understand. However I would like to remind everyone that this is a new infection and there are also many gaps in our knowledge that will inevitably take time to fill in.
We know that the disease is caused by a virus from a group called coronaviruses. One member of the coronavirus family is the SARs virus. This new virus is NOT the SARS virus. They are distinct from each other. However, the fact that they are related has added to the world's concern. We know this virus has infected people since 2012, but we don't know where this virus lives. We know that when people get infected, many of them develop severe pneumonia. What we don't know is how often people might develop mild disease. We also know that most of the persons who have been infected so far have been older men, often with other medical conditions. We are not sure why we are seeing this pattern and if it will change over time.
There are many other things that we don't understand. For example, how are people getting infected? Is it from animals? Is it from contaminated surfaces? Is it from other people? Finally, we don't know how widespread is this virus, both in this region and in other countries.
The greatest global concern, however, is about the potential for this new virus to spread. This is partly because the virus has already caused severe disease in multiple countries, although in small numbers, and has persisted in the region since 2012. Of most concern, however, is the fact that the different clusters seen in multiple countries increasingly support the hypothesis that when there is close contact this novel coronavirus can transmit from person-to-person. This pattern of person-to- person transmission has remained limited to some small clusters and so far, there is no evidence that this virus has the capacity to sustain generalized transmission in communities.
At this point, several urgent actions are needed. The most important ones are the need for countries, both inside and outside of the region, to increase their levels of awareness among all people but especially among staff working in their health systems and to increase their levels of surveillance about this new infection. In Saudi Arabia, we have seen the importance of better surveillance. When new cases are found, as is likely, it is critical for countries to report these cases and related information urgently to WHO as required by the International Health Regulations because this is the basis for effective international alertness, preparedness and response. Countries also need to assess their level of preparedness and readiness if this virus should spread and to intensify strengthening the core capacities identified in the International Health Regulations if they are not adequate. WHO is ready to assist countries in this region and globaly in these tasks.
There are also some questions that urgently need to be answered including how are people are getting infected, and what are the main risk factors for either infection or development of severe disease. The answers to these questions hold the keys to preventing infection.
In closing, we want to note that the Government of Saudi Arabia has taken the novel coronavirus situation very seriously. The Ministry of Health has initiated crucial public health actions -- including intensifying surveillance, initiating investigations and important research and putting control measures in place.
One of the reasons why more cases have been identified in KSA may be because they have gone ahead to strengthen their surveillance system and lab capacities and network.
For more information contact
Gregory Härtl
WHO Media Coordinator
Department of Communications
WHO, Geneva
Mobile: +41 79 203 6715
E-mail: hartlg@who.int
The three men, aged 88, 92 and 94, were arrested in the south-western state of Baden-Württemberg on Wednesday. They are being detained in a prison hospital after undergoing medical tests and having their fitness confirmed by a judge, prosecutors in the city of Stuttgart announced on Thursday.
They are suspected of involvement in murders at the Nazi Auschwitz concentration camp in occupied Poland, where an estimated 900,000 people - mostly Jews - were killed in gas chambers during the World War II. A further 200,000 died by other means, including executions by the SS, or hunger and sickness.
The men were arrested in a series of home raids, which included three more locations in Baden-Württemberg, and at other homes in the states of Hesse and North Rhine-Westphalia. In Hesse, two suspected former Auschwitz guards are being investigated, prosecutor Doris Möller-Scheu said.
In North Rhine-Westphalia, prosecutors said a man confessed to having been at Auschwitz in 1942, but denied direct involvement in mass murder.
"Various records and documents from the Nazi era were seized, and their evaluation is ongoing," a statement about the Baden-Württemberg raids said.
"This is a major step," said Efraim Zuroff, from Israel's Nazi-hunting Simon Wiesenthal Center.
"Given the advanced age of the defendants, every effort should be made to expedite their prosecution," Zuroff added.
Renewed drive
The arrests come after German federal authorities announced last year they would pursue charges against 30 suspected former Auschwitz guards, with state prosecutors working to build cases.
Officials decided to track down suspects after the conviction of John Demjanjuk.
In 2011, a Munich court sentenced Demjanjuk, a former guard at the Sobibor concentration camp, to five years in jail after finding him guilty of 20,000 counts of being an accessory to murder. Demjanjuk, who was born in Ukraine and spent much of his adult life in the United States, had faced a series of trials prior to the Munich trial. He died in March 2012 at the age of 91.
The case established that death camp guards could be convicted as accessories to murder if there was no evidence that they personally committed atrocities.
jr/dr (Reuters, AP, AFP)
Former Maharashtra chief minister Narayan Rane, who has been unable to secure any assurances from the BJP regarding a position in the saffron party, has decided to float his own political party. It is learnt that he will officially launch his new political entity on 1 October.
Rane, a six-time MLA from Sindhudurg, resigned from the Congress last week, claiming the party reneged on its promise of making him chief minister, bringing to an end a 12-year association with the party.
Rane met BJP national president Amit Shah on Monday, but it's learnt that the latter couldn't give him any assurances of induction into the saffron party. However, given that Rane still enjoys considerable clout in the state's south Konkan districts, the BJP doesn't want to completely alienate him. It is believed that once Rane floats his own party, the BJP may induct it as part of the NDA fold, like it did with several other smaller regional parties in Maharashtra — like Raju Shetty's Swabhimani Party, Ramdas Athawale's Republican Party of India, Vinayak Mete's Shivsangram Party, and Mahadev Jankar's Rashtriy Samaj Paksh.
Rane, who was Chief Minister of Maharashtra when he was part of the Shiv Sena in the 90s, had quit the party in 2005 and joined the Congress. He has been winning elections in the coastal Malwan constituency by huge margins for the Congress ever since.
After he floats his own party, Rane is expected to support the BJP, and may even join the government as a Cabinet minister when a reshuffle takes place in October.
Speaking to Firstpost, a senior BJP leader said, "We know how strong Rane is in Sindhudurg. But we also know his style of functioning and his behaviour. He has often attacked the top leadership of whichever party he has been part of — be it Shiv Sena or the Congress. BJP is wary of having him in the party."
Furthermore, Rane would insist on having his two sons, Nilesh and Nitesh, in the party. "The two sons are also as outspoken as he is. We can hear senior Rane out, but office bearers wouldn't like the two sons talking down to them. For all of these reasons, we are apprehensive about having Rane join BJP," the leader added.
It's also understood that the RSS won't be very welcoming towards Rane, which would render it almost impossible for the former chief minister to join the BJP directly. And Shiv Sena, which is still technically an ally of the Devendra Fadnavis government, may also be unhappy if they take Rane into their fold, a man it considers a turncoat.
On the other hand is Rane's clout over several districts of Sindhudurg — he can single-handedly clinch zilla parishad, municipal council, panchayat samiti and other important district-level posts for the party. Ever since Rane made his political debut three decades ago, he has ruled Konkan. When he was with the Sena, he helped clinch most of the Konkan districts, and followed that pattern even after defecting to the Congress. "Having Rane as a friend could help BJP make its maiden entry into these coastal districts. So all factors considered, BJP may not welcome Rane through the front door, but is likely to induct his new party as part of an NDA ally," the BJP leader further said.
Sources from the Chief Minister's Office (CMO) said the state BJP has already informed the central leadership of its intention of using Rane for external support. Rane's new political party is almost certain to win a few seats in the coastal districts of Sindhudurg, Ratnagiri and Raigad, places where the BJP has no strong leaders. The Congress and Shiv Sena are likely to find Rane a formidable challenge in the elections to come.
A former Maharashtra chief minister, on condition of anonymity, revealed that Rane's options too are limited. "BJP is not willing to take him on board officially. He would also be concerned about the political future of his two sons, which he can secure by floating his own party. But despite being a former chief minister, he would have to join the likes of local leaders like Athawale, Jankar, Mete and Sadabhau Khot," he said.
On Wednesday, BJP state unit chief Raosaheb Danve had said a decision on inducting Rane into the party fold was still under consideration. Speaking about Rane's meeting with Amit Shah in Delhi, he said there were political discussions but nothing was decided. "He had come to invite Shah for the inauguration of a hospital in Sindhudurg. We will publicly announce things once there are any substantial developments," Danve said.
Rane has already resigned from his MLC post in the state, so it's the responsibility of Chief Minister Fadnavis to ensure he gets elected to the Upper House of state legislature within six months in order for him to be inducted into the Cabinet.
But for now, all eyes are on Rane to watch what he says on 1 October at the launch function for his new political outfit.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
So did you survive the latest patch? Surprisingly, my patch day went relatively smoothly, thanks primarily to the Blizzard background downloader doing it's job over the past few weeks and carefully managing my library of addons. Once the new launcher had downloaded I was up and ready to go. Well almost. Here's my spin on some of the new features.
Managing Addons with Patch 5.04
It's usual for addons to cause the biggest headaches when a new patch arrives. They're flagged as ‘out-of-date' by the interface or simply break when loaded until developers can update them. I was on a Hangout recently with Sapu, the lead developer of the addon Trade Skill Master (TSM), and I asked him if TSM would work with the new patch. He assured me it would if I was running with the latest code for 4.3 – which I was. Of course, all addons for 4.3 are ‘flagged' as out-of-date by the interface and won't load unless you explicitly click the option to do so. This normally doesn't cause a problem for most addons, but you may get a few non-fatal errors with a few.
I try not to run with too many addons – just enough to manage my auctions and crafting:
Auctioneer – my main auction house addon
TSM – all modules, but mainly for crafting.
Postal – mail management
Gathermate – for gathering.
On patch day I went ahead and loaded my addons. Most worked fine, except Auctioneer which threw the occasional error. Fortunately, there is a 5.04 patch compatible beta version available for download (version 5.14) at Curse Gaming. Patch 5.04 compatible versions of TSM and Gathermate are also now available at the same location. Unfortunately, Postal is still limping along, but not too badly. I'll keep loading it until the new version arrives.
AOE Looting
With addons out of the way I was keen to try AOE looting. This feature allows a player to aggro a mob, kill them all – either one by one or with an AOE (Area of Effect) spell – and then loot them all by simply looting only one of the corpses.
I rushed off to Stratholme to try this out. And what a difference it now makes to clearing an instance. My Mage cut a swath through the undead like a Grim Reaper. It also allowed me to try some of the new spells using my Frost Spec Mage.
I first created a Ring of Frost and stood in the middle. I then planted my newly acquired Frost Bomb on one of the mob, causing the rest of the mob to rush over and get trapped in my Ring of Frost. I then simply rained down death in the form of Blizzard. I then looted the whole mob in one go. Rinse and repeat until all bags full.
Pet Battle System
Unfortunately, the new pet battle system is not operational for this patch, despite the new training manual being present in my player's Spell Book. This probably inspired many players to rush off to the Auction House to pick up a few pets, as all my crafted pets flew off the shelves at well above market price. Here's my list of sales on patch day:
4 x Magic Lamp (Enchanting) – listed 1000g each
4 x Pet Bombling (Engineering) – listed 450g each
4 x Mechanical Yeti (Engineering) listed at 500g each
2 x Lil' Smokey (Engineering) – listed at 350g each
Unfortunately, I had sold out of all my De-Weaponized Mechanical Companions so had none ready for the day. The few listed on my server were selling at around ten times the price and still holding steady!
Where Did All My Glyphs Go?
Scribes probably had the busiest day as most change occurred with Glyphs. All major glyphs were removed and I found a few quirky minor glyphs in their place. One such glyph changed my Polymorph Sheep into Polymorph Porcupine! Another let me understand the Arcane Racial Language of my allies? Beats me what it does!
The Auction House Laid Bare
Fortunately, I had stocked up with herbs, including many Wraith herbs which proved to be very profitable as the Auction House soon was bare of many mats as players ransacked the place looking to buy at any price (usually, my very high price)! My Alchemist sold out of batches of Potion of Treasure Finding and Flasks of Steel Skin but otherwise had a quite day.
The cooldown for Truegold is now removed, but the choke point on my server is still volatile air which kept prices at their market level. I expect the prices to gradually fall over time and peak when Mists of Pandaria goes live.
One Volatile I hadn't expected to be in short supply was Volatile Life which was nowhere to be found on my server. The reason is probably the new inscription recipes that seem to use this mat in great quantities. So I spent a little time farming Whiptail in Uldum to maintain my own personal supply.
I hope your patch day was as successful.
Marcus Ty
It was a scorchingly hot Wednesday in April four years ago.
Val (may his soul be in peace) and I had just finished having lunch at the monastery after a morning of meditation and Buddhist lecture. I vividly remember wearing an overused white cotton t-shirt to offset the sweltering heat, along with a favorite pair of jeans and beige loafers.
That morning's lecture was about Karma. The Abbess, Shifu Jian Shu, enumerated several logical consequences corresponding transgressions, including, to my surprise, meat consumption. Buddhism discourages eating meat as it forbids killing sentient beings –on the belief that there is a reincarnated soul in each creature. According to Buddhist teachings, the consequence of killing animals and eating them is untimely death.
It automatically made sense to me that moment. Indeed, “When and where in the history of mankind did vegetable consumption lead to sickness and death?” I rhetorically asked my already convinced self. Then hesitation crept in. What do I tell people?
That time, Val had been a vegetarian for a couple of years already. So I began asking him as soon as we were out of the temple. “Dati kapag nag-oorder ako ng sinigang, for example, inaalis ko nalang ‘yung meat. Pero nandoon pa rin sa sabaw ‘yun ‘di ba? Nung tumagal, wala na, hindi na talaga”, he said. (Before when I would order sinigang, for example, I would remove the meat. But the broth is still there, right? After some time, I avoided it entirely).
“So unti-unti rin?” (So, it's a gradual process?)
“Oo. At ‘wag kang mag-alala pwede pa rin ang french fries”, he said as he motioned to a popular fast food adjacent the street. (Yes and don't worry. You can still eat french fries). “At ‘kapag vegetarian ka, kahit mainit, fresh pa rin ang feeling.” (And if you're a vegetarian, even if it's hot, you'll still feel fresh).
“Talaga? Baka naman dahil kalbo ka lang”, (Really? Maybe it's because you're bald) I teased. And well, eventually, he became a monk.
“Hindi. Saka kapag nag-vegetarian ka, seseksi ka, parang Miss Universe.” (No. And when you become a vegetarian, you'll be sexier, like a Miss Universe).
Haha. OK.
The aroma of crisp deep-fried juicy chicken greeted me as soon as I disembarked on Philcoa. There was a flash flood of saliva in my mouth. I was hungry again. With much thought and self-control, I walked past the inviting fast-food chain and quickly headed home. In the fridge, I found raw tofu amidst tempting and hearty cold cuts and prawns. I took the tofu out, prepared to cook rice and placed the white slabs of soy curd in the (steamer) of the rice cooker.
From then on, I turned my back on meat and seafood, and faced the meat-eating Filipino society that always requires vegetarians, vegans and even pescetarians to justify their existence. While it takes a lot of effort to stand these people, on the other hand, summer became more bearable, and overeating has not been a problem anymore. This April, I'm in my fourth year as a vegetarian.
With the heat index soaring to more than 50 degrees centigrade in some parts of the Philippines, the patient, resilient, spiritual Filipino is challenged.
I do not mean to take advantage of the situation to advocate for vegetarianism. However, seeing people taking portable battery-operated fans with them in the elevator and still sweating profusely as if there's no urinary system to partake in excretory activities, I hope to somehow help by sharing my life-changing experience.
The Cooling Power of Greens
Am I kidding myself by believing that a vegetarian diet can keep us fresh and cool during summer? Is it all in my mind? According to my friend who is a vegan (someone who doesn't consume animal and seafood products like fish sauce, mayo or cheese), the answer is no. The body cooling effect of my diet is as real as the recorded feverish temperatures.
Jana Sevilla of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) explains that “Vegetables, like lettuces and cucumbers, are rich in water, which helps keep the body hydrated. A lot of vegetables are abundant in vitamin A, C and E that help to protect the body from the sun. Vegans are better defended from the sun by eating more carrots, sweet potatoes, lettuces, broccoli, tomatoes, nuts and dark leafy greens.”
She added that these vegetables can be supplemented with “fruits like watermelon and pineapples, which hydrate the body and are rich in vitamins to help avoid that nasty discomfort from the summer heat.”
Science and Health subjects in my grade school generation taught us that apart from keeping us hydrated, water regulates body temperature–an essential process when environmental temperatures are extreme. Water, however, is not the end all and be all extinguishing summer heat discomfort.
Neurologist Dr. Danilo Tuazon, who also teaches Psychopharmacology (the effects of food and drugs on behavior), holds an M.D., and has accomplished several certificate courses in health and nutrition throws in another explanation why vegetables and fruits can make the body feel fresher: “To break down and process meat takes a lot of heat and energy compared to fruits and veggies as the latter are just natural since the human body has the same components to the produce of the ground. Meat breakdown requires more effort as it is not initially designed for the consumption of the human body”.
He cited our teeth as physical proof: “We do not possess teeth which are similar to those of lions. Kasi we were not designed to eat meat. Fangs are basically to devour meat in big chunks.”
But how come we find meat appetizing? “Initially we were designed to eat veggies and fruits but we developed our taste to fats and interestingly, any excess fats can be neutralized by veggies and fruits”, Doc Dan said.
By the way, Doc Dan is not a vegetarian. If I may add, it is quite interesting how an open mind can acknowledge facts and realities even if these do not fit one's personal beliefs and practices.
I am not taking this recommendation but nonetheless will include what he said about the necessity to consume meat products: “Total veggies and fruits is not recommended as vitamin B12 is derived efficiently from some animal products.”
As for me, I get my B12 from vegan supplements.
Heat Stroke Prevention
For Doc Dan, it would be best to reduce meat in the meantime for the sake of lowering the risks of heat stroke. He recommends replacing meat with seafood, and prescribes a 70-30 vegetable to seafood ratio summer diet. “Fish oil and iodine, which are good for the heart and other internal organs, are abundant in seafood,” ahe said.
An example of a summer menu, according to him, would be the Japanese traditional summer meal of unagi (eel), nori (seaweed), steamed rice, cold wheat tea, and cucumber and tomato salad.
For Jana of PETA, this summer is a perfect and exciting time to explore replenishing vegetable salads as well as energizing smoothies and refreshing fruit desserts. She adds: “A plant-based diet is also perfect to staying healthier. It can help lower the risk of cancer, heart disease, rising blood pressure and even accelerated ageing. Switching to plant-based milks, like soy and almond, keeps us from drinking hormones and industrial toxins pumped into cows.”
Diet for Climate Change Mitigation
More than personal health concerns, Jana emphasized that a vegan diet contributes in environmental conservation: “Going vegan is a great way to show that we care for the environment. Because animal agriculture is a leading cause of climate change.”
Among the concerns is how meat production consumes a lot of water–a concern very apt this season when scarcity in water supply has been recorded in the country resulting in state of calamity declarations, pest infestations, serious food security threats and bloodshed.
According to data from PETA, it takes 15,500 litres of water to produce a kilo of beef (for animal hydration, and sanitation and waste management purposes) while a kilo of wheat only requires 1,000 litres of water mainly for irrigation.
An increased demand in plant and plant-based products would result in increased attention and priority to the farming sector, and shifts to sanctioned environment-friendly practices in the food production industry.
What Else to Avoid
Apart from meat, Doc Dan also advises against sugar and salt: “Sweet food increases the heat index as the kidney exert extra effort to filter the water with glucose. Also, salty food put extra undue pressure on your kidney.” Sugar is also a “sweet devil” according to him that can mess up your sweet summer vacation memories: “It blocks hippocampus for the conversion of short term memory to long term memory.”
As soon as vacation is over, staying cool headed in this kind of weather in the city becomes a struggle once more as heat elevates stress hormone, cortisol. Good thing, cold vegetables and fruits can help reduce cortisol, too according to Doc Dan.
Post Script
This (picky eating) may be dismissed as too bourgeois, a bit insensitive to the more pressing issue of food insecurity plaguing our country today.
Unfortunately, not all of us possess political or voting power. Some have failed to enroll for biometrics while others have chosen not to participate in the elections due to waning faith in this process. What is common to almost everyone of us is our buying power. If we can only use the buying power we have no matter how varied or unequal, to steer demand and supply to a more equitable, ethical and humane direction, we can improve the lives of those in the margins.
This is not a call for anyone to go vegetarian or to go vegan. But we can always make mindful choices from food to clothing, to lifestyle, all for the sake of our society and environment. Mine started with eliminating meat and seafood from my diet. Boycotting leather and fur followed. Now I'm staying away from products from manufacturers that are abusive to employees, or have poor environmental practices. I have been trying to patronize locally made social enterprise products instead.
The heat has definitely been getting to our nerves. This dry season, which is not ending anytime soon, might be the perfect time to reflect why it has gotten this bad and how to possibly repair the damage humans themselves have inflicted.
[Entry 134, The SubSelfie Blog]
About the Author:
Tricia Zafra is a correspondent and anchor working for GMA News. She graduated from UP Diliman with a degree in Bachelor of Arts in Broadcast Communication, cum laude, and is currently taking up graduate studies in the Department of Psychology in the same university (on leave). She is a vegetarian, painter, and a certified open water scuba diver. Read more of her articles here.
Advertisements
When Jesse West is working as a bartender at the Apothecary or the Underground in downtown Springfield, he hopes patrons will ask about the “Dads Can Too” shirts that he and his fellow employees are wearing, because those three words represent a long, emotional and expensive ordeal for him and many other single fathers.
“I have spent more than $45,000 on attorney fees over the last 4 1/2 years fighting for the right to have custody of my 5-year-old son. I have no custody now, no rights, no say,” West said. “All I want is joint custody, half the time and half the say. Our goal is to get 50-50 on custodial time and responsibility when both parties are fit and proper parents.”
West founded the Dads Can Too organization this past June to lobby for change in the way child-custody cases are handled in Illinois and to support single fathers like him who desperately want more involvement in their childrens' lives after a divorce or separation. Illinois law doesn't presume that joint legal custody is in the child's best interests, but gives judges the flexibility to award sole, joint or any custody arrangement in between. West would like the law to presume that joint custody is the preferred arrangement and force either of the parties in a custody case to prove otherwise if they don't support equal custody.
“The paperwork says I am a fit and proper father and my son loves me, but the court says me and my son's mother don't get along so it can't be joint custody because they don't want us in and out of court every time we disagree on something,” West said. “So she got custody because she has other children and they wanted my son to be with his siblings.”
West can only see his son on Thursdays and every other weekend.
“We love being outdoors, we go camping a lot, fishing, go to Knight's Action Park,” West said. And when it comes time to return his son to his mother, “I end up sitting in my truck for a few minutes just heartbroken. Now that he's older, he understands a little bit, but there's nothing I can do.”
Jesse's mother, Barbara West, has seen what the custody battle has done to her son.
“All my son wants to do is be a dad and be with his son. He would have accepted any more time that the courts would have given him, but the courts took everything away,” she said. “It takes two people to make a baby, and it takes two people to raise a baby. Don't take one away.”
Casey Hanners of Sherman is another member of Dads Can Too and said his 11-year battle for joint custody of his daughter reminds him of the time he served in the military.
“You are very fearful of the outcome, but you are even more fearful because now it's not just you, it's your child,” Hanners said.
“We are not looked upon as caregivers, and that's one of the problems you have in society, when the judges generally still rule in favor of the mothers. Gender shouldn't even be an issue. This doesn't have to be dads versus moms. Justice should be blind in these cases. Everything should be split down the line.”
Hanners knows the court-ordered time he spends with his daughter is precious.
“I will literally take every second I can get with my child. If she told me right now that I could see her for 30 seconds just to tell her good night, I would make the 45-minute drive just to say good night to her,” Hanners said.
Judicial neutrality
Steve Nardulli, a retired Sangamon County judge who headed the court's family division for 18 years, said he dealt with child-custody cases nearly every day and would oppose any proposed change to state law that would limit judges' discretion.
“Those cases are all extraordinarily fact-driven. It's very hard and a bad idea to create general pigeon-hole rules because each family situation is very different,” Nardulli said. “The law in the abstract is absolutely neutral. The judges who are experienced at family law can be pretty imaginative at coming up with solutions and ways to meet the needs of the children.”
Twenty years ago, Nardulli said, the appellate courts directed trial judges to give primary custody to one parent or the other, and in those days, custody was generally granted to the mother. But he said over the years the philosophy of the courts has changed, and it is much more common now to see arrangements where non-custodial parents have their children five or more days out of every 14. But true 50-50 custody rarely happens in contested hearings, he said.
“That kind of schedule requires an extraordinary level of cooperation between the parents, and if they are fighting about custody, then they are generally demonstrating that they are not able or willing to cooperate very effectively with each other,” Nardulli said.
“For years, I heard parents articulate that they were taking a position because it was in the best interests of their children. But nine times out of 10, what they articulate as in the best interests of their children is a rationalization for the position that is in their own best interests.”
Still living in '50s
Illinois Fathers, founded in 2008, is another organization that is dedicated to improving the chances that fathers have in child-custody cases. Steven Westerfield of Springfield, who unsuccessfully fought a 13-year custody battle for equal time with his daughter, is the organization's legislative affairs director.
“It's like we are still living in the 1950s when the mom stayed at home with the kids and dad went to work,” Westerfield said. “There are so many more women in the workforce now, kids are going to day care, the whole dynamic has changed, but the laws haven't caught up to it yet.”
“We are looking at legislation this spring that would put in a presumption of equal time and decision-making responsibilities as in the best interest of the child,” Westerfield said. “It will even the playing field. You would actually have to show evidence as to why they shouldn't have time with the kid, as opposed to a parent having to show why they should have time with their child.”
Illinois Fathers worked with the Family Law Study Committee, formed by the Illinois General Assembly, to come up with legislation that included a 35 percent minimum visitation time provision for the non-custodial parent in child-custody cases. House Bill 1452 was introduced in 2014 by Rep. Kelly Burke, D-Evergreen Park. The bill passed, but not before the 35 percent minimum visitation language had been removed from the bill at the urging of the Illinois Coalition Against Domestic Violence, the Illinois State Bar Association and other advocacy groups.
“We don't think 50-50 shared custody should be mandatory. Each case is different, and judges should pay attention to all of the factors in each individual case before making a decision,” said Vickie Smith, executive director of the Illinois Coalition Against Domestic Violence. “Arbitrarily saying that things should be 50-50 is not in the best interests of the child.”
Jim Covington, director of legislative affairs for the Illinois State Bar Association, said custody decisions should not be locked into a mathematical formula.
“As a practical matter, it will take a lot of cooperation and good will with the parents in every case to make a shared-custody decision work, with parents who have often demonstrated serious problems getting along with each other,” Covington said. “There is nothing in current law that prevents parents from making an agreement for an equal division of parenting time, nor is there anything prohibiting a judge under current law from awarding it if it is in the best interest of the children.”
One home, or two?
Denise Banks-Wilson has years of experience with child-custody cases. She is the owner of Banks Mediation LLC, a family mediator with the Parent Place in Springfield, and a member of the Mediation Council of Illinois
“Whenever I hear someone say, 'I want 50-50 custody,' I ask the question, 'What does 50-50 look like to you?' Then you get all kinds of responses,” Banks-Wilson said. “Many times it is nowhere near 50-50 on the clock in terms of parenting time and whether or not an individual was the 'parent on duty' for literally one-half of the calendar. ... My style as a mediator is to try and take the antagonism out of it and get real. Because once we verbalize what 50-50 really looks like, often the other parent will agree.”
Sheila Mack of Equitable Solutions Inc. in Springfield, a pre-divorce financial consulting and mediation business, said as a practical matter, a 50-50 custody arrangement doesn't always work.
“If the parents can get along and live close by, a 50-50 arrangement could work,” Mack said. “If a child is in a sports program and mom and dad live in different towns, if the child has special needs, or if one party has a work schedule where they travel, 50-50 might not work. It's very individualized.”
The best interest of the child is the benchmark used by the Illinois legal system and those on all sides of the custody question. Using that benchmark, 50-50 shared custody is not always the best idea, according to Springfield individual and family therapist Alyssa Patton.
“I see a lot of families that do a 50-50 split, and the problem is that it often doesn't suit the kids very well,” Patton said. “There aren't many arrangements that can be made that allow them to feel that they have one home.
“The fulfillment of your basic needs comes from things like your home. So when you don't have that one home base, a place where you feel really comfortable, there is so much back and forth, you don't have that stability, and the older the kids get, the more frustrated they become with the situation."
“Ultimately when kids are allowed to choose, they choose to remain primarily in one house,” Patton said.
-- Contact David Blanchette through the metro desk: 788-1517.
***
'Not good for anybody'
A Rochester man who took part of his child-custody case to the Illinois Supreme Court and won has been dealing with custody issues surrounding his daughter for nearly 17 years.
Vince Fisher is a non-custodial parent who objected when his daughter was moved out of state away from him, his family and her school. He won his case at the appellate and state Supreme Court, and his daughter was moved back to Illinois. But the case took two years to resolve, and despite that victory, he still does not have equal custody of his daughter.
“Stay out of the courts if you can, because when you put yourself in the hands of the courts, you are going to harm your child,” Fisher said. “It just seems to be a natural process of both parents pulling and tugging on the child. It's just not good for anybody.”
The Huffington Post recently featured an interview and video with well-known pastor Rob Bell and his wife. In the interview, Rob and Kristen reveal the thing they think is most critical to a healthy marriage: knowing how to fight fair. I couldn't agree more. We tend to think that we should NEVER fight and that if we stop fighting altogether, it means we have a fabulous relationship.
Candidly, this is not what we should aim for. We need to fight, we need to express our thoughts and ideas, especially when we don't agree. But how we do it is key. We need to find ways to respectfully and thoughtfully disagree.
To help you start fighting fairly, Rob says, "Because it's easy to get swept up in the heat of the moment and allow anger to derail a discussion, the key to fighting fair is remembering that they're seeing something that you aren't. By asking yourself "what are they seeing that I am not seeing?", you are able to keep things in perspective and prevent self-serving emotions from taking over, which also helps keep hurt feelings at bay. Even better, pose the thought to your partner directly: "Help me see what you're seeing." This approach is vital in acknowledging and validating your partner's perspective."
I whole-heartedly agree. When you look at your spouse as an adversary who is spouting nonsense, you're unlikely to learn anything from the conversation and you're likely to turn the conversation into a fight. Instead, think about the notion that the world looks different through different eyes. Your perspective is just one perspective, it's not the only perspective. Your spouse is not crazy and full of ridiculous ideas, he/she sees things differently and if you discount that perspective, you are missing out on a lot of value, as well as an opportunity to connect.
"When you get married, you get a second set of eyes," Rob explains. "And for many people, the second set of eyes is a cause of constant tension: 'Why don't they see things like I see things?'" Instead, Rob suggests viewing the second set of eyes as a much more positive asset. By listening to your spouse and thinking about their perspective, "You now have a broader, more expansive view of the world," he says.
Wondering what else you can do to fight fairly? Here are some best practices:
1. Validate something from your spouse's perspective BEFORE arguing for your perspective. Remember people only listen (and allow you to influence them) when they feel heard and understood. So make sure to help your partner feel understood and important before talking about your point.
2. Go slowly and take breaks, stop if you feel like you're losing control. There's no prize for rushing through a discussion and blowing it up into an argument in 10 seconds. Really, force yourself to go slowly and talk slowly if you're feeling emotional. Going slowly gives your nerves a chance to settle down and your calmer mind to prevail.
3. Be soft, gentle, and compassionate as you are talking. We all want our spouses to be gentle with us. We get married hoping for unconditional support and understanding. Try to remember this when you're next in the middle of a heated discussion. Your spouse might be angry and seem like a "cactus," but underneath all of those thorns is a person who probably wishes you'd just reach out and hug them.
4. As you're talking, say something that conveys you're a team and you'll get through this. We tend to keep fighting and keep escalating if we think we're in it alone. So tell your partner that you understand, that you're on their side, that you know how important this issue is to them. Say anything that seems right to you to communicate that you're on the same team.
5. Avoid judging, criticizing, blaming, labeling, calling names or calling the other one crazy. None of these things help. They only make the conversation go south quickly. Keep telling yourself that everyone is entitled to their own feelings and thoughts; you're not the expert on your spouse's feelings, they are!
I hope this has helped you and if you'd like to learn more about how to fight fairly, I recommend this tool for you: Dr. Kathy's Ultimate Guide To Effective Communication.
Join our conversation about fighting fair and marriage communication on our Facebook page: click here to chime in.
If you'd like to see the video and read the article about Rob and Kristen Bell, please click here to go to The Huffington Post.
On Monday, the Department of the Interior (DOI) announced a National Seed Strategy designed to aid in the rehabilitation and restoration of landscapes damaged by fire, invasive species, storms, and drought, according to a press release from the DOI.
The strategy was developed through a collaboration between a dozen federal agencies and more than 300 nonfederal partners. It calls for improvements in seed production and restoration technology and emphasizes the importance of locally adapted seeds, which serve as critical natural defenses.
It was unveiled at the Bureau of Land Management Boise Regional Seed Warehouse, a location chosen for its proximity to Idaho's Soda Fire, which has burned 280,000 acres as of Monday, according to the Idaho Statesman.
“The focus is on making available the most appropriate seed for a given location by using seed zones, seed transfer guidelines, and genetically appropriate materials that have a high likelihood of success when planted,” Jeff Krauss, spokesperson for the Bureau of Land Management, told Outside. “This will help put the right seed in the right place at the right time.”
The strategy also outlines the establishment of a nationwide network of seed specialists, including:
Native seed collectors
Farmers and growers, to develop seed
Nurseries and seed storage facilities, to store and supply appropriate seeds
Restoration ecologists working on the ground
“Our nation's seed resources are in danger, not only from extinction but also from misuse when nonlocal source seed is used,” said Krauss. “As such, our nation's seed resources are in need of the same kind of forward-thinking management we demand for other valued natural resources, such as wildlife.”
Three arrested for storm drain cover theft in Port Neches
Three people in their 20s were arrested Tuesday and are being accused of stealing storm drain covers in Port Neches.
A witness said he saw a light gray sedan stop in the 1900 block of 12th Street and heard a loud noise. He then saw two men take the cast-iron covers from his neighbor's storm drains, put them in the trunk of their car and leave.
Acting on the description the witness gave of the car and the men, officer Cherí Visser stopped a car in the 1300 block of Eugene Avenue and found four cast-iron storm drain covers, valued at around $230.
Two of the three taken to the Jefferson County Correctional Facility were from Louisiana, while the third had a Port Acres address, police said.
The casualties of automation are on the rise, but it's not bad news for everyone.
Nearly one third (700,000) of low-skilled workers in India's IT sector could lose their jobs by 2022 due to an uptick in the adoption of robotics and artificial intelligence. But those in medium- and high-skilled jobs stand to gain from the trend, a recent report (paywall) by market analysis firm HfS Research said.
In the next five years, the number of medium-skilled IT employees is estimated to rise to 1 million from 900,000 while the number of high-skilled employees will jump to over half a million from 320,000, according to the report.
With technological advancements, “the productivity of higher-skill workers, especially those engaged in abstract thinking, or with creative and problem-solving skills, has increased,” a January 2017 report by management consultancy McKinsey & Company explained. As a result, they're more likely to be in demand in the coming years. Moreover, new job opportunities—such as supervising artificial intelligence or creating infrastructure for self-driving cars—are expected to arise as newer technologies are absorbed. But repetitive and less-skilled roles, like working warehouses and basic bookkeeping, aren't going to see the same productivity gains and are, thus, depleting.
The trend in India reflects what HfS expects to happen across the world.
Globally, low-skilled jobs in the IT sector are seen falling by 31% by 2022, whereas medium-skilled jobs are estimated to increase by 13%, and high-skilled ones will jump 57%.
The net job loss from automation in India comes in at around 450,000, dropping the total IT job count over 12% from 3.65 million in 2016 to 3.2 million in 2022. The only country worse off than India is the US: The 4.88 million jobs that were available in the US tech sector last year are expected to shrink to 4.33 million in the next five years.
Dramatically simplify your React code
Manuel De Leon Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 22, 2016
This is going to be a straightforward post. I'll take the to-dos Redux example and rewrite it using ViewModel. At first I thought it wouldn't make such a good example because hey, how complicated can it be? As it turns out you can make anything as complicated as you want it to be.
Just to be clear, this is not going to be an introduction to ViewModel. Only a taste of it.
Our little app looks like this:
It lets you add to-do items to a list, strike the ones completed, and filter by active or completed. A few minor details are that you can't add a blank to-do, the input box is cleared after adding a to-do, and the footer items change from a link to a span when you click on them.
Here's the code with Redux:
And that's it!
I'm only kidding, of course there's more…
That is insane. The indirection and run around is staggering. You need to juggle a LOT of information in your head to know what's going on. “Easy to reason about” it is not.
Now let's rewrite that using ViewModel.
First stop is index.js which basically loads the App and a shared container (more on this in a bit).
Next we create a container (called ‘todoList') with the state to share (to-dos list and the filter), a function that returns the filtered list, and it encapsulates the actions you can perform on it (add a to-do item and toggle a to-do item between active and completed). This is the bulk of our app.
The App component just displays the Header, TodoList, and Footer:
The Header puts the shared container in a property called ‘todoList'. It renders a form with an input and a button. The method ‘addTodo' is called when you click the button or press enter on the input. ‘this.todoList.addTodo' is essentially the ‘addTodo' method on the shared container we created before (shared.js).
The TodoList uses the shared container the same way Header does. The list items are repeated for each object in ‘todoList.filtered', it toggles the to-do item when the li is clicked, and it takes care of the li's style (strike-through or not).
Footer is pretty straightforward, it just displays the selection items, passing the filter and label:
The Selection component also uses the shared container and it updates the filter when the item is clicked.
And that's it! No, this time I'm not kidding.
Check out the source code and documentation for more information.
Let me know if you have any questions. I'll be happy to answer them.
A Brooklyn-based startup called Modern Meadow has raised $40 million to become a top source of leather for the world's makers of fashion and accessories, luggage, sporting goods, upholstery and furniture.
Rather than raising animals to slaughter them and take the skin off their backs in a physically and chemically intensive process, Modern Meadow “biofabricates” its leather in labs and foundries.
Modern Meadow CEO and co-founder Andras Forgacs explains that biofabrication involves the design of cells to produce and assemble collagen and other proteins to yield leather that is “biologically identical” to traditional types.
Biofabrication is environmentally beneficial, he believes. He said, “We're making a material that has no hair flesh or fat on it. So the liming and toxicity you see elsewhere in the leather trade is eliminated.”
Chief Creative Officer for Modern Meadow, Suzanne Lee, said the company's processes can generate leather that's made to a designer's specifications and imbued with desirable traits like a certain flexibility, elasticity, thinness or thickness.
Once produced, the leathers can go to a tannery for additional dyeing, she noted.
Horizons Ventures, an equity investing vehicle for Li Ka-shing, and Iconiq Capital led Modern Meadow's Series B round, joined by ARTIS Ventures, Temasek, Breakout Ventures, Red Swan Ventures, Collaborative Fund and Tony Faddell, the inventor, designer and founder of Nest Labs.
The funding brings Modern Meadow's total capital raised to $53.5 million to-date.
Forgacs said the company intends to use the funding to move beyond research and development into a “scale up” phase which will include the expansion of its lab and design studio in New York, and the establishment of its first foundry or factory, as well as continued hiring.
Horizon Ventures' Bart Swanson said his firm re-upped their investment in Modern Meadow, in part, because the company had managed to attract tech talent in a competitive market, and advanced their technology enough to yield promising leather samples.
In September last year, Modern Meadow managed to poach DuPont's chief of staff for the chief science and technology officer, Dave Williamson, as their CTO.
“Now that we can sit there and play with these materials, we can imagine moving from the laboratory into full-scale production,” Swanson said. “It's not theoretical.”
One main challenge Modern Meadow still faces will be to make its biofabricated leather not just an attractive option but an affordable one for the mass market, the investor and company executives acknowledged.
Swanson compared Modern Meadow's ambitions to that of the most successful clean tech companies from an earlier wave of innovation and investing. “It took us a long time to rid ourselves of total dependence on oil and carbon fuels, now renewable energy, LED lighting and electric vehicles have traction,” Swanson said.
According to forecasts from Research and Markets, sales of leather goods–including luggage, apparel and accessories–are expected to hit $91.2 billion globally by 2018.
Modern Meadow wants to win a material share of this massive market for leather, and even grow it, by offering an appealing alternative to the natural and synthetic options that exist today, Forgacs said.
Corrections & clarifications: Modern Meadow designs cells that assemble collagen.
It feels like our feet haven't hardly touched the ground over the last few weeks. Some major milestones for the project by way of our first work experience students from the college and now our first apprentices, who will hopefully be with us for at least the next nine months. With the addition of Dave to the Get-Growing team we are suddenly growing in lots of other ways as well!
This week saw the launch of our community micro allotment plots, on the rather auspicious 12/12/12 – we have had 17 takers already which has already left us wondering how much space we will have a squeeze in many more.
By way of distraction this week, I travelled to London for the première of Grasp The Nettle – a documentary film feature of eco activism. In its own words
Grasp the Nettle follows the exploits of a ragtag band of land rights activists in London as they struggle against corporations, government, police – and themselves – in their efforts to create alternative communities outside the framework of consumer society.
It begs the question of how to do we work together effectively to bring about change and accidentally explores a theme of how society deals with vulnerable and marginalised people. From the up and coming young filmmaker, Dean Puckett
I was there at the invite of the Transition Primrose Hill group with whom I have done work with in the past and members of whom are active in Camden Lock in natural health, whole foods as well as community gardening and permaculture
I was very excited to hear plans of their latest venture which is to open an urban farm shop that would be an outlet for local, organic and high quality produce from independent and community growers and producers. Making strong links and inroads into high profile and busy places like Chalk Farm Camden, which is the area they are interested in could open up new worlds of possibilities!
So watch this space about this potential, early days yet.
Meanwhile work goes on at a pace establishing the new garden at Coleg Powys. Even in the mist and cold of this week shape and form is emerging as the new space comes to life. We still have trees and shrubs to plant from the garden move, but massive progress has been made.. with all of our espalier fruit trees going in this week and the work experience team have been working hard on the forest garden lifting turf and getting in some of the seemingly millions of strawberry plants we have.
We feel a responsibility to make the most of the amazing opportunity we have here in Newtown, with the development of this garden and to a certain degree that means we should be willing to try out new ideas and to share the learning and outcomes from doing that. So with our deep interest in permaculture and inspired by the pioneering Austrian farmers Sepp and Veronika Holzer we are trying out one of their ideas, the Huglkultur bed. A system of building up a raised bed built on a base of rotting wood and compost, a strategy for maintaining moisture and humidity that is also free draining and self fertile. It is taking the no dig system to another level potentially.
Also this week we launched the micro-allotments plots.. an idea I originally was inspired to do by a visit the Hells Kitchen (Clinton) community garden in Manhattan, New York some years ago. Creating a vibrant space for anyone from the local community to get the support and encouragement to get their fingers in the soil where perhaps they might not have otherwise. Whilst I was coming back from London Dave, Emma and crew were run off their feet as 15 people turned up to mark out their plots.. so we cant wait for the spring to see all that take off.
As a PS.. To make the title work I need to mention Cardiff and Liverpool, and this is part of feeling the excitement of being part of a bigger awakening of interest in community growing. So, in Cardiff this month we contributed to a NHS cross departmental investigation into the potentials for community gardening to address a cross-section of health concerns, such as isolation, depression, poor diet, lack of exercise etc..
Whilst I have also been travelling regularly to Liverpool to contribute to the Village Farm Orchard project, developing forest gardens in urban and sub urban locations in the city there
Happy Christmas everyone.. we will be there on Wednesday next week having a celebratory seasonal bring and share lunch, so anyone is welcome who wants to celebrate with us. Here's to great things in the New Year!
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pinterest
More
Print
Digg
Reddit
Who is Doing the Programming?
A Meditation On Tribes, Scripting, and Taking Control
Phil Forbes Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 1, 2017
Let's take a moment to pat ourselves on the back for being such a kick-ass species! Sure we kill each other and ourselves needlessly. And, yes, we've done concrete harm to the planet. But let's set all that aside for now and focus on what a fantastic set of sensors, processors, and actuators the human brain and body have evolved into!
We have a keen early warning system that allows us to detect subtle changes in behavior and of those around us which alert us that something is wrong. We have social behaviors such as bartering and negotiation. Interestingly, we commingle into one or more tribes based on tastes and values and the circles we're born into. I'm guessing tribal affiliation saved our ass as a species way, way back. But this same social instinct that has evolved in our brains over tens of thousands of years may be working against us in modern times.
The world has grown fantastically complex since the early days of humanity and the same brain designed several millennia ago to exist among 150 or so people has not kept up with the vast expansion of tribal affiliation. Instead of one tribe, we belong to several. Some of the tribes are businesses. Some are political parties. Some are charities, your old friends from high school, religions, social media spheres, professional groups, and bowling leagues.
They all want a part of you, sometimes the lump sum of your human worth. Tribes continue to exist because of behaviors like giving, worship, advertising, crusading, or patronage. The seeds of these behaviors are sewn into our beliefs which, like any landscape, can be molded and shaped to yield a particular result. In this case, the desired result is survival of the tribe among many other tribes.
You are fundamental to their existence. You are their center of gravity. Some tribes truly want what's best for you. Others say they do but deep down inside we know better.
Don't get me wrong, aligning with ideas, beliefs, products, or any other tribal affiliation isn't always bad. Consider the kid who enlisted in the Navy today. What about the lady going to her tenth AA meeting tonight? Both examples illustrate noble, deliberate actions. It took some forethought and consideration before doing either of these.
So who gets a piece of our action? Who do we let in?
US President Obama's official Google+ page has recently been flooded with comments, but they're not coming from where you'd expect. It's not US citizens that are flooding the president's page with comments of encouragement, criticism, or otherwise. In fact, a vast majority of the comments are being made in Chinese.
At first glance, it looks like the official Google+ page is being spammed, but taking a look at some of the comments left in English, you'll realise that it's Chinese citizens who have taken to the social network to decry their government's appalling human rights track record.
One of the comments in English reads:
Dear President Obama，I'm sorry to write some irrelevant comments under your post. Due to my appreciation and trust to your country's consistent respect to human right, I left this message, to implore the government of your country to call for the freedom of the blind lawyer Chen Guangcheng in international community , thank you!
The latest post plugging the new bumper stickers for the 2012 Obama-Biden campaign, and many of those preceding it, have been over-run with hundreds of comments about human rights issues, green cards, requests to pressure the Chinese government to release imprisoned activists, and more.
While Google+ has been blocked in China since its launch, it would appear that due to a glitch in the system, Chinese residents have suddenly found that they can access the social network on their mobile phones, and are using this time to leave comments on Obama's page.
As AFP reports, it can't be verified if all of these comments are in fact coming from China, but the comments left in Chinese are written in simplified Chinese characters, the dialect used in mainland China.
Google+ isn't the only social network that appears to have been affected by the glitch with Twitter, Facebook and YouTube reportedly all available in China, although Obama's Facebook page and Twitter account do not appear to have been inundated by Chinese replies or comments.
Read next: Coldplay's Google+ page is the first to reach 1 million followers
Demonstrators at a 2012 rally in New York protest the requirement that most employers provide insurance coverage for contraception and sterilization.
Photo by Timothy A. Clary/AFP/Getty Images
What do religious fundamentalists have against birth control? In challenging the Obamacare rule that employers must provide contraception coverage as part of their health care plans, Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood, the companies whose suits the Supreme Court will hear later this month, have been careful to frame their objections narrowly. They're not refusing to pay for all birth control. They just don't want to fund “items” like the morning-after pill and the IUD, which they say effectively cause abortion by preventing a fertilized embryo from implanting in the uterus. Many scientists say that's not true. But the companies are trying to take a limited, reasonable-minds-may-differ position.
The government has medical heavyweights on its side, including the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. But Hobby Lobby has more briefs—the majority of a total of more than 80 briefs, by my count, were filed by conservative groups—and their allies have written the sentences that jump off the page. Despite how the companies themselves have carefully crafted their case, the briefs from their supporters provide a refresher course in how fundamentalists get from here to there. They are full of revelations.
Before we get to those, a brief recap of why contraception coverage matters. The Department of Health and Human Services decided to include contraception as part of comprehensive preventive health care for women—and thus a service employers must cover under the Affordable Care Act—based on recommendations by the Institute of Medicine. The IOM looked at the outcomes associated with getting pregnant unintentionally and found connections to delayed prenatal care, premature delivery, low birth weight, maternal depression, and family violence. Getting pregnant without intending to also can prevent a woman from getting a degree or a job she aspires to. Birth control, in other words, helps women in wide-ranging ways. It's pretty simple, really: Women are better off when they get to choose if and when to have babies. When birth control is part of the health insurance package, as opposed to an expense a woman foots on her own, her health literally benefits.
That's the consensus position of the mainstream experts at the IOM, among others. But the American Freedom Law Center, which says it “defends America's Judeo-Christian heritage and moral values,” sees contraception, instead, as Pope Paul VI did in 1968. In its brief, AFLC quotes the former pope like so:
It has come to pass that the widespread use of contraceptives has indeed harmed women physically, emotionally, morally, and spiritually — and has, in many respects, reduced her to the “mere instrument for the satisfaction of [man's] own desires.” Consequently, the promotion of contraceptive services — the very goal of the challenged mandate — harms not only women, but it harms society in general by “open[ing] wide the way for marital infidelity and a general lowering of moral standards.”
The Beverly LaHaye Institute, the research arm of Concerned Women for America, drives home this point, arguing that the government should have considered:
the documented negative effects the widespread availability of contraceptives has on women's ability to enter into and maintain desired marital relationships. This in turn leads to decreased emotional wellbeing and economic stability (out-of-wedlock childbearing being a chief predictor of female poverty), as well as deleterious physical health consequences arising from, inter alia, sexually transmitted infections and domestic violence.
And so, as the AFLC argues, contraceptives of all kinds aren't medical or related to health care at all. They are “procedures involving gravely immoral practices.” Protected sex demeans women by making men disrespect them. (Just as Pope Paul VI did decades ago, the AFLC presents this as true inside marriage as well as out.) By separating sex from childbearing, birth control is to blame for the erosion of marriage, for the economic difficulties of single motherhood, and even for the rotten behavior of men who beat their girlfriends and wives. Birth control is the original sin of modernity. Its widespread availability changed everything, for the worse.
If it sounds like I'm describing a 1960s enraged sermon about the pill, I guess that's the point: I could be. The Hobby Lobby case has given the groups that want to go back to prepill days a chance to air their nostalgia. And they want the Supreme Court to know that all women don't share the view that controlling one's body, with regard to the deep, life-altering question of when to be pregnant, is helpful and freeing. There are plenty of women who don't “value free abortion drugs above public goods such as religious freedom and limited government,” as the brief from conservative women's groups, including Concerned Women for America and the Susan B. Anthony List, puts it. And they are on the straight-and-narrow conservative path to sanctified motherhood. “It is demeaning to women to suggest that women's fertility and the bearing and rearing of children are ‘barriers,' ” the group Women Speak for Themselves argues. “Most women aspire to and do bear and rear children.”
Most women who have abortions bear and rear children, too, actually. And it goes without saying that women who have used birth control have kids, too, since “women who use contraceptives” means practically every woman in the country. And yet there are still people willing to say that “well-woman preventive care visits” are about minimizing “the risk and consequence of a sexually licentious lifestyle,” as yet another brief insists.
Make no mistake: If Hobby Lobby wins, the fundamentalist views I've been detailing (and despairing) win, too. Here's the cherished ideal that will have its moment of ascendance: Women should welcome pregnancy at any time. Because if that blessing comes, it was divinely intended, and any other goal, at any moment, must yield.
These Supreme Court cases are ostensibly about a few lines in the many pages of Obamacare regulations, but really, they're about sex and power. As New York Times columnist Gail Collins pointed out last week, “The war on abortion is often grounded in a simple aversion to sex that does not lead to procreation.” The same is true of the war on birth control. It's supposed to be over, but it's not. Because according to the segment of the religious right that signed on to these briefs, there is only one way for true women to wield power: by giving it up to become God's (and their husband's) handmaidens.
Three weeks in a row? Really?
Oh, it's in their heads now. There's no escaping from it. And if ever a season appeared lost after three games, it is this one. The Vikings have melted down so many times Al Gore is starting to take an interest. Global warming must be involved. On Sunday they turned a 20-0 halftime lead into a 26-23 overtime loss to the Detroit Lions.
I don't know how they did it. They don't know how they did it.
“I don't know if there is a magic formula,” coach Leslie Frazier said.
Here's a suggestion: Have someone sing “The Star-Spangled Banner” at halftime. It might trick the guys into thinking they're playing the first half again.
“I told our guys I am extremely proud of them,” Frazier said. “A lot of teams wouldn't have come out with the energy and effort that our team came out with today. We battled them right until the end.”
What? Are you going to give them trophies, too? Is this like a fourth-grade gymnastics meet?
“The loss we had last week was really a tough loss,” Frazier explained. “For our guys to bounce back and play the way they did today …”
Les, they lost last week the same way they lost the week before. The same way they lost this week. They coughed up a big lead in the second half. Apparently, it's what they do.
Geez, somebody gets a medic over here. Better yet, send in the psychiatrists. And not those modern, touch-feely therapists, either. I'm not OK, you're not OK. Bring in some of those old-fashioned analysts with the pointy beards, monocles and German accents. They know how to get to the heart of a problem. These Vikings have issues.
Lay down, fellas, and tell us about your childhood trauma. Did a bully steal the last half of your lunch sandwich? Did mom turn off the second half of your favorite TV show? Did you run out of gas halfway to your prom date's house?
“We were in here at halftime saying, ‘This is not going to happen again,' ” noted Chad Greenway. “We were in here ready to fight. Everybody was standing up and ready to go. We were ready to go out there and play hard and win, and it didn't happen.”
“We're playing outstanding football,” said Kevin Williams. “We've just got to play the whole game.”
Kevin was not suggesting that the Vikings defense literally should play the whole game, which is almost what happened. For example, the Vikings offense generated a grand total of six yards in the third quarter. That meant the defense had to work overtime. It also meant the cash customers were writhing in the aisles. They were a collective wreck. Aughh! It can't be happening again.
“We're doing the best we can do,” said Anthony Herrera.
This is very discouraging. It's the end of the world as we know it. Three straight weeks of spontaneous second-half combustion. No lead is safe. On Sunday, despite that 20-0 lead, the tension at the Dome was palpable at the start of the second half. The purple faithful know a trend when they see one. Knuckles were white, jaws were clenched.
Sure enough, all of a sudden Donovan McNabb couldn't make a play to save his life. The play calling was … curious. The secondary couldn't cover Lions receivers in key situations, and that was despite the fact that the Vikings got good pressure on quarterback Matt Stafford all day.
Afterwards, Frazier said he had no plans to make any changes at quarterback. “I don't think our quarterback position is our problem,” Frazier said.
I'd disagree. It isn't the only problem but it certainly is a problem. So far, McNabb has been mediocre at best and a non-factor at his worst. Now, it is going to be very, very difficult to lose to Kansas City next weekend. The Chiefs are horrible. That victory could buy some time for all concerned. But eventually Frazier probably will have to cut his losses and start developing Christian Ponder during games.
Perhaps the most curious aspect of the whole afternoon was the Vikings' post-game attitude. Sure, they were sad that they lost. But to a man they insisted that they played, for the most part, quite well. The coach proclaimed that he was proud. Guys talked about holding their heads high after such a good effort.
Not that anyone expects them to just give up. Yet they honestly seem to believe that they have played well enough to win three times and are somehow the victims of circumstance. Clearly they believe they are the best 0-3 football team in the history of football. That likely falls under the category of delusions of grandeur.
Have those shrinks arrived yet?
Tom Powers can be reached at tpowers@pioneerpress.com.
British MPs have overwhelmingly rejected a call for the government to withdraw its support for a Saudi-led coalition's war in Yemen, in a vote after a Commons debate called by the opposition Labour party.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn on Wednesday demanded that Britain suspend its support for the coalition until an independent UN investigation reported into alleged breaches of international humanitarian law in Yemen.
But the motion to suspend was heavily defeated 283 votes to 193 by a combination of governing Tory party and dissident Labour MPs.
The vote will lift pressure on the foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, as he resists international calls for Britain to throw its weight behind an independent UN investigation.
Saudi Arabia has been accused by international rights groups of killing hundreds of civilians and purposefully targeting civilian infrastructure in its war against the Houthi rebels in Yemen.
Riyadh has rejected all accusations, saying that internal investigations may have uncovered mistakes but they do not amount to significant breaches of international humanitarian law.
Johnson has used the Saudi investigations to in turn reject pressure to end arms sales to Riyadh - billions of dollars of armaments have been sold by the UK to the Saudis since it entered the Yemen war.
Labour's motion was rejected despite an eloquent plea by the shadow foreign secretary, Emily Thornberry.
Thornberry opened Wednesday's debate by accusing the British government of "putting our faith entirely in the Saudis' joint incidents assessment team (JIAT) to give us the truth on these alleged violations".
She said that there had been "thousands of documented air strikes on civilian sites and thousands of civilians killed as a result".
Thornberry pointed out that the JIAT had produced reports on only nine of these incidents, when it should have been expected to produce hundreds, adding that to make matters worse the reports lacked credibility.
She claimed that "there are essentially two coalition forces operating in Yemen. One is run from the capital and carries out pre-planned operations on strong intelligence under the direction of the Americans and UK advisers.
"There is however another centre operating out of southern Saudi Arabia which carries out dynamic, reactive operations, often based on sketchy evidence, often without thinking through the so-called ‘collateral damage' and inevitably often with significant civilian casualties."
"If any coalition forces are acting in a reckless or indiscriminate manner in carrying out air strikes in civilian areas, that would be be a clear violation of international humanitarian law and it should cause this whole house grave concern.”
Thornberry drew attention to recent remarks from Tobias Ellwood, the minister for the Middle East, saying that the bombing of a funeral in Sanaa earlier this month, which killed more than 100 people, was a "deliberate error".
She said that this remark raised the prospect that coalition airplanes had deliberately targeted civilians.
She also said that Britain's condemnation of Russian bombing in Aleppo combined with our support of Saudi conduct in Yemen opened us up to accusations of "hypocrisy and double standards".
However Foreign Secretary Johnson replied with a strong defence of the Saudi alliance, saying that other western countries would at once step in if Britian suspended arms sales to Saudi Arabia. He defended the Saudis' right to conduct its own investigation.
Ellwood, Johnson's deputy, revealed that a senior Saudi officer would likely soon be facing a court martial for failing to follow procedure ahead of the funeral bombing in Sanaa earlier this month.
Much is made of China's rise as the world's next great power. China is forecasted to surge past the United States as the world's largest economy by 2024, according to analysis by JPMorgan Chase & Co. And according to a recent study, China has already nearly eclipsed the United States and other Western nations as the world's leading center for science. (The Chinese churned out nearly 3.5 million STEM graduates in 2010, compared to the U.S.'s 4.5 million, a 43 percent increase over just a decade earlier). China's scientific output has risen precipitously over the past decade or so, increasing at an 18 percent annual clip. That outpaces even the growth of its economy, which has expanded at a rate of roughly 10 percent a year. Beijing is now the leading center for scientific publications in the world, toppling London, Tokyo, Paris, New York, San Francisco and Boston in 2010, with Shanghai rising to twelfth place (see the chart below).
(Andersson et al.)
But a forthcoming study in Environment and Planning A by Swedish regional economist David Emanuel Andersson, an Asia and China expert, and his team finds U.S. and European cities have little to fear from the rise of China's scientific centers. Even as the volume of China's scientific output has exploded and its major cities have risen to the top ranks, the quality and impact of Chinese science and its major science hubs lag far beyond those of the U.S. and Europe. As Andersson points out, Chinese science occupies a “peripheral position” in the global scientific community. And despite its meteoric rise, “[e]ven Beijing lacks the international orientation and citation impact of Western cities with similar publication volumes, such as London or Paris.”
Chinese science is inordinately dominated by a small group of cities, especially Beijing.
A good part of the reason for China's neutered preeminence is the structure and network of connections among China's leading science cities. Andersson's research uses comprehensive data from Thompson Reuters' Science Citation Index to track the network of scientific production and collaboration among China's 31 leading science cities from 1996 to 2010. The Science Citation Index is perhaps the leading gauge of scientific output in the world, covering all articles published in some 6,650 leading science and engineering journals. The study uses gravity models to map the structure of scientific productivity and collaboration (or co-authorship) across these leading Chinese cities.
The bottom line: Chinese science is inordinately dominated by a small group of cities, especially Beijing. This result reflects political considerations and priorities that tamp down more organic clusters of scientific activity and collaboration, which more easily form in leading science hubs in the U.S. and Europe.
For many the gamble was very much Chelsea's, but David Luiz has claimed that he took a big risk by accepting a pay cut to return to Stamford Bridge and England – a “country that was not happy with me”.
The risk has already brought reward, as Luiz has completed his set of major trophies with Chelsea by winning his first Premier League title with the club.
And the vindication for both player and club could be underlined on Saturday when Luiz has the chance to help Chelsea to a Premier League and FA Cup Double in his first season back.
Luiz was written off as looking as a defender who was being controlled by a 10-year-old on a PlayStation by Gary Neville during his first spell at Chelsea, in which he collected Champions League, Europa League and FA Cup winners' medals.
Taking risks on the pitch was what earned Luiz criticism and Sky Sports pundit Neville, plus most other observers, were stunned to see Chelsea re-sign the 30-year-old from Paris St-Germain at the end of last summer's transfer window. But head coach Antonio Conte has helped Luiz eliminate the defensive gambles that used to get him into trouble and the Brazilian has been superb in the centre of Chelsea's three-man defence.
CBS said the premiere ofStar Trek: Discoverypushed its CBS All Access over-the-top subscription service to a record for most subscriber sign ups in a single day.
Star Trek: Discoveryhad its premiere on CBS in primetime Sunday (September 24). Episode 2 is available exclusively on CBS All Access. Future episodes ofStar Trek: Discoverywill be made available on Sunday nights after 8:30 p.m. ET.
CBS said previously it had the most signups for CBS All Access the day CBS aired the 2017 Grammy Awards.
The company said CBS All Access also had its best week and month with the launch ofStar Trek, the kick off of the NFL on CBS on its local live feeds and the season finale ofBig Brother.
CBS All Access viewers can also watch a post-Star Trektalk show discussing the episodes,After Trek.
CBS has not been specific about how many subscribers it has for CBS All Access and for its direct-to-consumer version of Showtime.
Readt more at B&C.
Given that Emile Clarke's Daenerys is one of the most important characters on Game of Thrones, isn't it time to wonder over her endgame?
To be fair, for the past week we've composed many an endgame article talking about various characters, but with Daenerys in particular, there are a wide array of different possibilities for what could come her way. For one, she is a leading contender to end up on the Iron Throne, and for good reason given that she is strong, smart, she has the will to rule, and she has plenty of allies. She already has a massive army, powerful ships, and Varys is already working things in Dorne in a way that could easily work for her. If she can forge something with Jon Snow and the North, she may be able to close in on King's Landing and House Lannister … if she's lucky.
Yet, is it almost too predictable that Daenerys ends up on the Iron Throne? That's something that we've wondered when you consider just how stacked the deck is right now in her favor. She's got an army who would die for her, dragons, political allies, and smart strategists. Meanwhile, King's Landing is depleted, Euron Greyjoy is a toolbox, and the North has some other priorities.
One of the struggles that we've long wondered about when it comes to Daenerys is a rather simple one: Whether or not her eye is a little too much on the prize of the throne, and not enough on the will of the people. She may care about her subjects, but at times we do think that she forgets about what it means to rule and what her true destiny is.
Just think about it this way: The White Walkers are a people of ice, and she has the power of fire that nobody else can. She is the catalyst to turn the tide and end winter once and for all. We don't see her as a queen, but as a hero and a liberator of everyone. Is it not her destiny to fight and potentially sacrifice herself for the greater good? We have this imagine of her flying in on a dragon, wiping out countless White Walkers, and then disappearing as the war comes to a close and the Night King is defeated. Maybe she dies in the midst of the battle, or maybe she is off stranded somewhere. Maybe she learns through the battle that she is not the right ruler, but she has a different sort of role in the future of the Seven Kingdoms.
As of right now, we're about 50-50 on if Daenerys survives the series, but for now, it feels assured that she survives season 7.
Will she marry someone?
You can make a case for Jon Snow — even if they're actually related, it's not like that is weird for the Targeryan family. Or, maybe she actually marries Tyrion (forget the Sansa wedding), Ser Jorah rides in like the creepy white knight he is, or she's as impressed by Pod as everyone else. Okay, we're joking on the last one … or maybe the last two.
Want some other Game of Thrones Endgame pieces?
Then be sure to head over to the link here! We'll have some other news when it comes to the show, including some other endgame pieces, as we inch ever closer to the big premiere airing. (Photo: HBO.)
Love TV? Be sure to like CarterMatt on Facebook for more updates!
You know after watching the teaser trailers for this movie i was really excited to watch it. The concept seemed pretty cool and it had a likable cast but after they started to release the full trailers for the film my excitement dwindled severely. Even though i knew the movie wasn't all that
You know after watching the teaser trailers for this movie i was really excited to watch it. The concept seemed pretty cool and it had a likable cast but after they started to release the full trailers for the film my excitement dwindled severely. Even though i knew the movie wasn't all that great after reading some of early reviews for it i still went a seen it because i was going with some friends. Honestly though i wasn't expecting the movie to be that boring i was starting to fall asleep halfway through its a good thing the movie was only 2 hours long or else im sure i would have passed out.
Seeing that this is both the director and writers debut i guess this was to be expected but i don't understand why the studio went this way. Sure the directing was decent that i could live with but the script was beyond crap why the studio chose this guy is just beyond me and i'm glad the movie bomb at the box office. Im done watching Johnny Depp movies his last watchable film was Public Enemies and that is 5 years old now and his past 2 films have been complete crap. I wouldn't recommend anyone watching this movie but i know there are those people that "have to watch any new Johnny Depp movie no matter how bad it is".
Overall i give it a 4.0
…
Buying Tumblr isn't the only big thing that Yahoo has done today. Flickr, the photo storage and sharing site bought by Yahoo way back in 2005, has been brought into the 21st century with a new look, new pricing, and a new Android app.
Gone is the old Flickr interface of small thumbnails, gobs of whitespace, and lots of metadata. In its place is a site with big thumbnails, full-screen pictures by default, and metadata for each image tucked below the fold. Flickr's Lightbox view, that removes the clutter around the page and shows pictures on their own, remains available.
The home page now shows photos of everyone you subscribe to with the most recent handful of pictures that your contacts have uploaded. Each user's photostream displays a big tiled view of their pictures. This isn't entirely new to Flickr—it was a feature of the site's Explore page—but it's new to individual user pages.
It's a logical design. Flickr's a photo site for sharing photos. Photos should be the focus, and now they are in a way that they never were before. The old view is more or less available for things like editing your photos and metadata, but the site is now built around looking at pictures rather than managing them.
To go with the new look is a new pricing model, one that's almost unrecognizable compared to the old one. The old Flickr had two tiers, Free and Pro. Free was extremely limited, allowing users to upload 300MB of photos and two videos per month, with only the newest 200 photos visible. The $24.95-a-year Pro, on the other hand, was extremely liberal, with unlimited photos and videos per-month, ad-free browsing, and detailed statistics on your photos.
In the new Flickr, the Free account is a lot, lot better. Free users get 1TB of storage and can upload an unlimited number of photos or videos (with videos limited to three minutes of 1080p). Individual photos and videos are limited to 200MB and 1GB each. There are then two paid options beyond that: $49.99 a year removes ads but otherwise changes nothing, while $499.99 (yes; a penny less than five hundred bucks) doubles the storage to 2TB.
New Pro accounts are no longer available, though current Pro users will, for the time being, be able to renew their Pro subscriptions and continue to reap the benefits of both ad-free and unlimited storage. They'll also to continue to be able to access more detailed stats. It's not clear how long these renewals will be offered.
Along with all the updates made to the Flickr Web experience, Yahoo also released an updated version of the Android app. This takes many of its design cues from the new website, making photos the focus and keeping metadata and extraneous clutter to a minimum. It's a slick, good-looking app. Contacts view is particularly attractive. Contacts are listed vertically with horizontal scrolling swiping through each contact's recent pictures.
The result is that Flickr feels a lot more visual and is a lot more appealing as a result. Flickr was once the go-to site for photo hosting. Competition, both from dedicated photo sites like 500px and SmugMug as well as social networking sites, has seen it fall in stature and prominence. Facebook in particular now dwarfs Flickr's size. Its billion or so users document their lives in about a quarter of a trillion pictures.
Flickr has also been an extremely conservative site, doing little to change its look and feel, which left it looking dated and more than a little unloved. As is common with any major update to a familiar appearance, there has immediately been a backlash among some Flickr fans calling for the old site to be brought back. In this writer's opinion, the new design is a welcome improvement.
The new interface and new pricing should make Flickr a lot more competitive. On top of that, Yahoo has promised an advertising campaign to promote the site and win new users. Flickr is now getting the love it has long needed.
For free users this is clearly massive upgrade. In fact, it's an astonishing new pricing model. You have to hate ads an awful lot to pay $50 a year just to remove them. That's twice as much as Pro cost, but without any of the extra features that Pro offered (removal of limits, detailed stats). And if 1TB really isn't enough—it's hard to imagine that Flickr has many users for whom it isn't—the next storage option isn't cheap and unlimited, as it is in Pro.
All in all, it seems that the new Flickr is designed to do one thing in particular: discourage people from buying any of the upgrade options so that they keep viewing ads instead. Subscriptions are no longer the point. Yes, there's a token effort to continue subscriptions, but $500 a year for an extra terabyte is never going to be a big seller.
The new pricing will make it a lot more viable for snap-happy casual users, which must surely be the point, but Facebook has become a dominant monster in this space. Flickr has its advantages—for example, it lets you upload full-size images with no resizing or recompression, and it has a clearer position regarding photo licensing. While these are important to photography enthusiasts, Yahoo's real job will be to make them appeal to the Facebook generation. The new site and pricing are a start, but there's much more work to do if Yahoo wants to make Flickr the photo destination it once was.
Listing image by Alexander Kaiser
The Wu-Tang saga is a revolution that swarmed on the music industry like a pack of killer bees. Straight out of the slums of Shaolin, the Clan created an often imitated but never duplicated sound comprised of eerie beats mixed with puzzling stanzas and clashing kung-fu swords. The collective powers of RZA the Abbot, GZA the Genius, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Raekwon Shallah, Ghostface Killah, Method Man, Inspectah Deck, U-God, Masta Killa, and Cappadonna have entertained and inspired legions with perplexing rhymes full of grit.
With this year's Rock the Bells line-up featuring Raekwon and Ghostface performing all of Only Built 4 Cuban Linx... and GZA doing Liquid Swords, it's a perfect time for Complex to enter all 36 Chambers to unmask The 100 Best Wu-Tang Clan Songs. Don't forget: Protect ya neck, kid.
Listen to Complex's Best Wu-Tang Clan Songs playlists here: YouTube/Spotify/Rdio
Written by Gabriel Alvarez of @egotripland
Investigators in Philadelphia want to know how and why a 5-year-old girl went to school with marijuana.
Only Action News was there as 24-year-old Susan Burkett walked out of Philadelphia Police Special Victims Unit moments after being questioned about her 5-year-old daughter bringing two small bags of marijuana to her Kensington school.
"She's a good mommy. I don't know where this came from. I really don't," Burkett's mother Peggy Brownsweiger said.
Burkett's mother was with her when they got the call that Horatio B. Hackett School administrators discovered the pot while the kindergartner was at lunch, surrounded by her classmates.
"She's in there trying to talk to the baby- if she found it on the way to school or where it came from and the baby's so scared, she doesn't know what to say," Brownsweiger said.
The school contacted police who confiscated the drugs and went to work interviewing the small child and her mother.
Burkett is a single mother of four children, ages 3 to 8.
At her home a couple of blocks away from the school, a social worker with the Department of Human Services made a visit to start a case on the family.
"I help her do everything I possibly can. As a single parent, she's the best mom I know, struggling so bad," Brownsweiger said.
Action News spoke with two sisters who both have children at Hackett School. They say they learned of the incident quickly and praised the school for its actions, while they condemned the mother.
"As a mother she should have checked her kid's lunch bag and not even have that around her kids," parent Samantha Bromley said.
"It's a good school. I'm glad they caught on to it, I'm really glad they caught on to it. Maybe they will be stricter, very much stricter. Hopefully they check more things going in there," parent Donna Bromley said.
The Philadelphia School District says it's letting police handle the matter.
Detectives say the incident is still under investigation.
The Cincinnati Police Department reports its test of body cameras on officers is a success and that the devices will be deployed on all the force's uniformed officers. This body camera is less than 2 inches long. (Photo: Provided)
A test period for body cameras by Cincinnati police officers is over, and Chief Jeffrey Blackwell said it was so successful he wants all of the force's 600 uniformed officers to wear cameras.
The estimated cost of deployment: $500,000 to $1.5 million, according to the police department. One estimate on police documents show a system sold by Taser could cost as much as $2.2 million.
Cincinnati City Council's Law and Public Safety Committee pledged support to find the needed cash. Blackwell also is headed to Washington, D.C., this week to ask for financial help.
Blackwell said body cameras could have helped in Ferguson, Missouri, where furor erupted after a white police officer wasn't charged with a crime in the killing of Michael Brown Jr., an unarmed black man.
President Obama is calling for the federal government to provide $263 million in federal funding for body cameras and training for local police departments throughout the United States.
"I want to make sure we continue to stay in the cutting edge like we have," said Councilman Christopher Smitherman, chairman of the Law and Public Safety committee.
West Side officers tested the cameras for seven months. Blackwell said the officers were skeptical at first but ended up seeing the need. "They increase transparency and professionalism," Blackwell said.
Buy Photo Cincinnati Police Specialist Yvonne Gutapfel shows the body camera options. (Photo: The Enquirer/Sharon Coolidge)
Cincinnati Police Specialist Yvonne Gutapfel was one of the testers who didn't walk away convinced. "It's got some problems," she said.
"They film in the wrong place; it doesn't record 360. It has some limitations."
She's most concerned about privacy for victims. Under current public records laws., the recordings would likely be public.
"Almost everything is filmed now," she said. "People record what's happening, there are business cameras and city cameras. Whether we need to spend the money on body cameras, too, is questionable to me."
City lawyers have advised the department that, "As long as the recording takes place in public, the citizen(s) does not have an expectation of privacy. Therefore it is not necessary for the individual to consent or have knowledge that he/she (is) being filmed at the time of contact with the officer using the camera."
Fraternal Order of Police President Kathy Harrell said it's too early for the union to say whether body cameras are necessary..
"This needs to be an informed decision," Harrell said. "There is a concern that there is a big misconception that they will catch every part of what an officer does and that's not the case."
So far, she said, she hasn't seen data proving they are needed. "We need to be looking at equipment we have that is old and outdated, which are the in-car cameras," Harrell said. "Those cameras have shown time and time again that they are helpful."
In two recent critical incidents, the in-car cameras worked at the beginning of a shift but not during an incident in which they were needed.
The department has narrowed the choice of body camera vendors to two, the two most-used body camera systems in the country. The city's criteria include: audio quality, night video quality and ease of use.
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Blackwell said safety will come first, and that may mean the cameras aren't on at all times.
The first academic study of body cameras was conducted by the City of Rialto Police Department, which found use of force incidents declined by 59 percent and citizen complaints were reduced by 87.5 percent. In another test, Mesa, Arizona, police found body cameras had 65 percent fewer complaints.
Buy Photo The Cincinnati Police Department is looking at two possible body cameras: the VieVu L3 (right), and the TASER AXON. (Photo: The Enquirer/Sharon Coolidge)
THE FINALISTS
TASER AXON Body Camera
-- Cloud based, dependent on vendor's software.
-- Manually activated.
-- Up to 13 hours of storage at the lowest quality recording setting.
-- Docked at the end of a shift to upload information.
-- Has a constant 30-second audio and video buffer that is recorded when activated.
-- Greater field of view than the VieVu.
VieVu LE3 Body Camera
-- Local storage system.
-- Up to five hours of recording time.
-- Records audio and video only when activated.
-- No docking station required.
-- Higher resolution video and audio compared to Taser.
-- After test period, Cincinnati officers said they preferred the VieVu because it was smaller and allowed officers to recognize instantly that it was recording.
BODY CAMERAS
The benefits
-- Increased transparency
-- Improved police officer behavior
-- Improved citizen behavior
-- Expedited resolution of complaints and lawsuits
The drawbacks
-- New technology
-- Concerns over privacy
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1A8CctW
US-led coalition air raids killed at least 35 civilians, including many women and children, in an eastern Syrian town held by ISIL, according to a war monitor.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR) said the strikes on Thursday hit a series of residential buildings in Mayadeen, a town in Deir Az Zor province.
"Among the dead are at least 26 relatives of IS fighters, many of them women and children, including Syrians and Moroccans," said Rami Abdel Rahman, head of SOHR, told the AFP news agency, using a different name for ISIL.
"The other nine are Syrian civilians and include five children."
READ MORE: Syria's civil war explained from the beginning
Thursday's toll brought the known deaths from two days of coalition bombing raids on Mayadeen to 50, the SOHR said, after 15 people were killed in US-led strikes on the town on Wednesday.
The Britain-based monitor tracks developments in Syria's conflicts via a network of contacts on the ground.
This week, it said a total of 225 civilians were killed in coalition air raids between April 23 and May 23 - the highest monthly civilian death toll for the coalition since it began bombing Syria on September 23, 2014.
The international alliance is providing air cover for twin offensives on ISIL's remaining bastion cities: Raqqa, its self-proclaimed capital in northern Syria, and Mosul in neighbouring Iraq.
On Thursday, a Pentagon investigation concluded that at least 105 civilians were killed in an air raid on an ISIL weapons cache in Mosul in March. Reports at the time said that more than 200 people had died in the strike.
READ MORE: US says Mosul strikes in March killed more than 100 civilians
Airwars, a London-based collective of journalists and researchers that tracks non-combatant deaths in Iraq and Syria, estimated earlier this week as many as 366 civilians were killed in Iraq and Syria in April alone.
It said it had seen civilian fatalities surge since US President Donald Trump came to power and gave greater leeway to battlefield commanders.
Airwars' figure and its claim that fatalities had risen under Trump were denied by Lieutenant General Jeffrey Harrigian, who heads US Air Forces Central Command.
Hundreds of thousands of people have been killed and millions more displaced since Syria's conflict broke out in March 2011.
Reed's having a bad day: her spaceship crashed, she's one of three survivors, and the other two won't stop hitting on her. Unfortunately for her, she's beautiful, which means that they're immediately enamoured with her; unfortunately for them, she's gay, which means the feeling is definitely not mutual. Her life is a constant hellish stream of corny pick-up lines and work for the colony.
Article continues below
is a scifi colony management sim that seems to effortlessly weave dynamic stories around the player's attempts to survive on an often harsh alien world, but when it comes to sexuality, romance and gender, it tells variations on this one story far too often. We dug into the code to find out why that is. RimWorld is a scifi colony management sim that seems to effortlessly weave dynamic stories around the player's attempts to survive on an often harsh alien world, but when it comes to sexuality, romance and gender, it tells variations on this one story far too often. We dug into the code to find out why that is.
Returning to Reed, we can see that the pick-up lines don't get her down. She receives no penalty to her mood for being barraged by come-ons. But the two men, Rob and Boots, feel differently. They have a near-permanent mood and relationship penalty for Reed, because they keep asking her out, and keep getting rebuffed. But it's not really their fault – Rob and Boots can't stop hitting on her because they're men, and because she's just so gosh-darned pretty. More precisely, that's how they've been programmed.
The eerie thing is, remove the bit about the crashed spaceship and this scenario mirrors a common narrative about romance, sexuality, and relationships between men and women. It is not at all uncommon to hear stories, in media and in real life, of how men ‘just can't help themselves' around beautiful women, and to hear how devastating it is for men to be rejected by the women to whom they are attracted. Setting aside the truth of those stories, and how demeaning they are to men and women both, why is this the story that RimWorld tells about relationships? In order to get to the heart of the situation, I unpacked the latest publicly-available build of RimWorld to see how romantic interactions are determined. For the sake of non-coders among us, longer sections are presented in pseudocode that tells you what it does, without requiring you to be fluent in C#.
Article continues below
To be clear, the anecdote I've described above is not a unique scenario in RimWorld. The current top-rated post of all time on the RimWorld subreddit is a user asking for To be clear, the anecdote I've described above is not a unique scenario in RimWorld. The current top-rated post of all time on the RimWorld subreddit is a user asking for “strategies to deal with attractive lesbians” . Additionally, an earlier decompilation of the game , summarizing how RimWorld models romantic behaviour, was a pretty good indicator that the answer to Reed's dilemma lay somewhere in the game's source code.
So why were Reed's fellow survivors constantly hitting on her? The answer lies, partially, in how romance attempts are calculated differently for male and female “pawns”, the game's term for all the colonists you control. All pawns start out with a base chance of turning any social interaction into a romance attempt, and a minimum threshold of attractiveness and positive opinion for this to happen. In other words, you have to actually like someone and find them attractive in order to try to start a romantic relationship with them. Things become interesting when the random chance of initiation comes in.
// Change chance of initiation based on gender of initiator if(me.gender == male) { // no change initiation-chance = initiation-chance * 100%; } if(me.gender == female) { // initiation chance is 12.5% of what it would be Initiation-chance = initiation-chance * 12.5% }
In other words, female pawns are about eight times less likely to try and start a romantic relationship. Granted, this is not the only factor – other elements include presence or absence of an existing romantic partner, and how they feel about said partner. However, this single check on gender has such a profound effect that it makes female-initiated romance attempts incredibly rare. Notice that neither a history of rebuffals nor the presence of the “gay” trait in the recipient are factored in, which would explain why they won't stop. This behaviour is one-way, though. Reed doesn't hit on them, not because she's female, but because she finds them unattractive.
So how is attractiveness actually calculated? For both male and female pawns, attractiveness rests on a few variables: the genders of the initiator and the recipient, the sexual orientation of the initiator, the beauty of the recipient, age, and physical ability.
Before going into gender-specific differences, let's first look at some universal variables..
// In the rest of the function, multiply attractiveness with the factors for:
// Talking, moving, and manipulation efficiency (penalty for pawns with disabilities)
// Bonus or penalty for attractiveness traits (ugly = 30% as likely, beautiful = 230% as likely)
// Additional age factor for people between 15 and 18 else if(me.gender == female) {
// Enforce sexual orientation for gay women if(me.orientation == gay and them.gender == male) { // zero attractiveness, no matter what return 0.0; } // And for non-gay women if(me.orientation == straight and them.gender == female) { // Only 15% as strong as it would otherwise be attractiveness = attractiveness * 15%; }
There are no straight women in RimWorld, as in, there are no women only attracted to men. Instead, every single non-gay woman in the game has some chance of being attracted to another woman. As for the men, it works a little differently.
// Calculate the perceived attractiveness (between 0.0 and 1.0) of them, to me float calculate_attractiveness(Pawn me, Pawn them) { float attractiveness = 0.0; if(me.gender == male) { // Enforce sexual orientation for male pawns if(me.orientation == gay and them.gender == female) { // zero attractiveness, no matter what return 0.0; } if(me.orientation == straight and them.gender == male) { // zero attractiveness, no matter what return 0.0; }
Notice that there's only two possible orientations for men, gay or straight. In RimWorld, there are no bisexual men, only gay or straight men; there are no straight women, only gay or bisexual women.
Lastly, we move on to the most complicated part of this, age-based attraction. These are hard to visualize just by reading the code, so here they are in diagram form.
In RimWorld, male pawns will always find pawns between 20 and their own age attractive. If the male pawn in question is under 20, that doesn't make a difference – because it'll check the “lower” bound first, they're guaranteed to find a 20-year-old attractive. This explains why Rob (age 32) and Boots (age 17) keep trying to ask out Reed (age 23). But, since the same code doesn't check for relative age, 17-year-old Boots wouldn't actually find a fellow 17-year-old teenager all that attractive. There's also a minimum age for attraction, 16 years old, and a maximum age, any pawn 15 years older than themselves. So in this case, Boots wouldn't find any woman over the age of 32, or any woman under age 16, attractive.
On the other hand, women overwhelmingly prefer partners older than them. And, unlike for men, there's no firm cutoff for pawns that are “too old”: even pawns 40 years older than the woman in question have a chance of being perceived as attractive. Contrast this to the calculation for men, where pawns 15 years older than them have absolutely no chance.
In summary:
Men are about eight times as likely as women to try and start a romance.
Men are about eight times as likely as women to try and start a romance. Pawns with disabilities will always be found less attractive.
Pawns with disabilities will always be found less attractive. Beautiful pawns are always considered vastly more attractive; ugly pawns, vastly less. Physical beauty is the only trait that governs attractiveness, aside from sexual orientation.
Beautiful pawns are always considered vastly more attractive; ugly pawns, vastly less. Physical beauty is the only trait that governs attractiveness, aside from sexual orientation. Straight men always find men unattractive. Gay men always find women unattractive. There are no bisexual men.
Straight men always find men unattractive. Gay men always find women unattractive. There are no bisexual men. Women may find women attractive. Gay women always find men unattractive. There are only bisexual or gay women.
Women may find women attractive. Gay women always find men unattractive. There are only bisexual or gay women. All men consider partners aged 20 to their own age most attractive. If they're under 20, they'll find pawns 20 or over most attractive, with no regard for pawns that are a similar age to them.
All men consider partners aged 20 to their own age most attractive. If they're under 20, they'll find pawns 20 or over most attractive, with no regard for pawns that are a similar age to them. All women consider partners the same age and older most attractive. Partners slightly younger than themselves are very unattractive, and partners that are 10 years younger than them are always considered unattractive.
All women consider partners the same age and older most attractive. Partners slightly younger than themselves are very unattractive, and partners that are 10 years younger than them are always considered unattractive. All men consider any pawn 15 years older than themselves to be unattractive.
All men consider any pawn 15 years older than themselves to be unattractive. There is no “old age” cutoff for women. No matter how much older a partner is, women have some chance of finding them attractive.
Now, RimWorld is not finished. It's a game that's still under constant development, and so this relationship system might well continue to develop and change. On top of that, the various numbers thrown into these governing formulae might well be there because of a late night, or as placeholders, or just to try and make the systems work. In other words, there might not be any specific commentary on or interpretation of gender roles behind this, malicious or otherwise. Any game system that tries to represent or model complicated real-world scenarios necessarily has to make abstractions and sacrifices, and human relationships might be one of the most complicated things you could possibly portray.
But we are not analyzing RimWorld on the basis of what it might be in the future. The question we're asking is, “what are the stories that RimWorld is already telling?” Yes, making a game is a lot of work, and maybe these numbers were just thrown in without too much thought as to how they'd influence the game. But what kind of system is being designed, that in order to ‘just make it work', you wind up with a system where there will never be bisexual men? Or where all women, across the board, are eight times less likely to initiate romance?
On top of that, what RimWorld doesn't model is as important as what it does. Remember how constantly being hit on and rebuffing people doesn't lead to a mood penalty, only a reduced opinion of the person pursuing? In daily life, the feeling of having to constantly turn people down is not a nice feeling. But these negative feelings are only reflected mechanically for those being rejected, and because of the way romance initiation is handled, you end up having to cater for the sad rejected men, rather than the women who are always having to turn away these unwanted encounters.
We could label that behaviour a bug, perhaps. But those are just the surface symptoms. Those are the easily-noticed, in-game consequences of a system whose base structure has literally encoded assumptions about how men and women operate. Now, representation is a tricky subject, and we will probably never create a perfect model of romantic behaviour.
But the problem with this model isn't that it's flawed. It's that it's flawed in a way that perfectly mirrors existing sexist expectations of romance, with such specificity that it is hard to view it as unintentional . And if it is unintentional it is on us to ask what this system is trying to show. What are the possibilities that it allows? What is RimWorld setting as the boundaries of possibility?
Decompiling the source code provides a very clear look at how these gender differences were written into the game. However, it's not something that's intuitive to grasp just by playing the game. At the same time, this is a system that has an enormous impact on how you play, because one of the key challenges in RimWorld is keeping your colonists happy. Code is never neutral. All of these coded structures push a particular scenario over others, and most of the time this is fairly benign. However, this does not mean that it should escape scrutiny, because we can end up uncritically coding in harmful assumptions, which ultimately means we are constraining what our games could be while also alienating other players.
As for Reed, things have gotten a little better. Other women have joined the colony, and one of them, nineteen-year-old Roughchild, has gotten engaged to Rob. Reed's on better terms with Rob, now that he's spending time with his fiancee instead of constantly trying to get with her. Everyone still adores her, of course, because she's beautiful; everyone still talks to her, and Boots is still making passes at her. But the feeling is never mutual.
Amitabh Mathur, a 1977-batch IPS officer who till a year ago headed the Aviation Research Centre (ARC), has now been appointed as an advisor in the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) to handle Tibetan affairs.
Advertising
The appointment follows a trend of several former intelligence chiefs being given key assignment by the NDA government after retirement.
Officials said that while the notification mentions that Mathur would be a consultant/advisor on the Northeast, he will exclusively act as an interlocutor on Tibet, which remains a major stumbling block for Indo-China relations.
Mathur retired as head of the ARC — the aviation wing of the Research and Analysis Wing (R&AW) — and held the post of a Special Secretary, the same rank he will have in his new assignment. He was at one point a contender for the post of R&AW chief. Even while in the R&AW, he was keenly involved in Tibetan affairs.
The MHA already has an adviser on left-wing extremism and Naxal affairs in K Vijay Kumar, the former chief of the CRPF. That appointment was made by the UPA government.
Advertising
Earlier, the former chiefs of the Intelligence Bureau (IB) and the R&AW were rehabilitated by the NDA government. Asif Ibrahim, the ex-IB chief, was appointed special envoy on counter-terrorism, while former R&AW chief Alok Joshi was made head of the National Technical Research Organisation, the country's technical intelligence unit.
A San Diego police officer battling Stage 3 rectal cancer is getting support from many, including his partner, who is behind a campaign with a catchy name.
Gregory Pilkington and Jason Zdunich have been partners at San Diego police for about a year, but their bond goes beyond the police force.
"My wife has called Jason my girlfriend," Pilkington said.
"My wife calls Greg my work boyfriend," Zdunich added. "We hit it off pretty quick."
Zdunich said he thought there was an instant connection because Pilkington, who is a military reservist, had just returned from deployment and they shared a military and law enforcement bond.
Zdunich, a husband and father of two, served in the Air Force.
"My sergeant stuck me with this guy," Pilkington said.
Ten hours in a patrol car can go south fast. Pilkington remembers his first impression of Zdunich.
"This guy is an [expletive]," Pilkington explained. "I don't really like him."
Blissfully unaware, Zdunich picked him as a partner the next night.
"I mentioned to him in passing my wife and I finally had a date night, but we just didn't have any money to go anywhere," Pilkington said.
Zdunich treated them to a surprise date night.
"That was the nicest thing anyone has ever done for me," Pilkington added.
Now, they do not even do the daily lineup because they always ride together. That changed a week ago.
"I went in because I thought I had a hemorrhoid," Zdunich explained. "He [the doctor] just said you're chockfull of cancer in there."
Zdunich, 35, will undergo chemotherapy to shrink it so doctors can cut it out.
"Talk about a pain in the [expletive]!" Zdunich joked.
The men laugh to keep from crying.
"He means a lot to a lot of people," Pilkington said.
Pilkington is trying to raise $25,000 for whatever Zdunich's family needs. He created a GoFundMe page .
"Since he has [expletive] cancer, I named it 'Save the [expletive]' because he's a bit of an [expletive]," Pilkington said with a smile.
Zdunich is truly touched.
"There are people I've never even met that just say, 'I'm going to be there,'" Zdunich said with tears in his eyes.
It is only fitting since he dedicated his life to serving strangers.
For now, Pilkington is serving solo.
"I just don't like anyone enough," Pilkington said with a big laugh. "I like Jason."
He is doing what he can since he cannot protect Zdunich from this killer.
"He is an [expletive], but he's a lovable [expletive], so he's my [expletive]," Pilkington added.
He said Zdunich will pull through and fill that seat again.
Sen. Tom Cotton (R-AR) said on Sunday that House Republicans' bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act “cannot pass the Senate” and that Republicans will put their majority in the House “at risk next year” if they vote in its favor.
“I would say to my friends in the House of Representatives with whom I serve, do not walk the plank and vote for a bill that cannot pass the Senate and then have to face the consequences of that vote,” Cotton said on ABC's “This Week.”
He said that the bill “probably can be fixed” but said it will “take a lot of carpentry on that framework,” referring to White House budget director Mick Mulvaney's comments earlier Sunday.
Mulvaney called the bill “a really nice framework” but said that the White House is “open to talking about” modifications.
“As it's written today, this bill in the House of Representatives cannot pass the Senate, and I believe it would have adverse consequences for millions of Americans and it wouldn't deliver on our promises,” Cotton said.
He called for the House to “take a pause” and put more work into the bill before sending it on.
“I'm afraid that if they vote for this bill, they're going to put the House majority at risk next year,” Cotton said. “I don't want to see the House majority put at risk on a bill that is not going to pass the Senate.”
Summer is known as a time of bliss, but the reality is that when it gets hot, it gets violent.
When the winds no longer howled the language of winter, relief would exhale from my chest. As a child who loathed the colder months, the first kiss of warmth from the season change was nothing short of a hug from heaven. Halloween, Thanksgiving and Christmas are why weather fit for snowmen and penguins, igloos and Coca-Cola bears is endured. When the holidays end, to be warm again is all that's desired.
Spring's arrival is the brief interlude that leads up to summer's dawn, the foreword that you read before diving into your favorite novel. I thought everyone viewed spring through the temporary lens—a transitional period—until I heard Chance The Rapper say, “I heard everybody's dying in the summer, so pray to God for a little more spring.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Death, God and hope for an extended spring aren't words you will find rapped in Will Smith's “Summertime.” In its three immortal verses, the successful 1991 single paints the imagery of post-spring perfection―the kind of fun, thrilling adventures that can only be had underneath the sun of late May, June and July. “Summertime” was released the year and month of my birth, and every year that followed ushered in my favorite season. I associated that first “drums please” with moon bounce birthday parties and Happy Meal afternoons, long days roller skating and long nights spent shooting a basketball. It was the best of times being soundtracked by a song that encouraged maxing and relaxing.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Will's rap personified what you want to see when you step outside, what you wish every day would resemble when you wake up and school is out. By capturing what it's like being back home in Philadelphia and how it feels once spring takes her very last breath, DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince gave the season a voice, they gave summer a song. It's a musical Kodak moment, but "Summertime" excludes summer's true madness despite the Kool & The Gang sample.
Hailing from Chicago, Chance has a vastly different relationship with the hottest season of the calendar year.
You can almost smell the stench of gun smoke, the decay of bodies, and the overwhelming fear that radiates from “Paranoia,” Chance's most throat-gripping, soul-grabbing song. There's a blunt in his mouth, a gun on his hip, and the looming grim reaper on his mind. Death isn't around the corner, it's all around and his presence is suffocating. Kids are being buried, help is being cried for, and even the sounds of fireworks on the 4th of July can't be enjoyed without the traumatic connection to gunfire. If Will's summer was heaven, Chance's summer was hell.
'Cause everybody dies in the summer/ Wanna say your goodbyes, tell them while it's spring / I heard everybody's dying in the summer / So pray to God for a little more spring
Chance once compared heaven to a prison, seeing the gates as a cage keeping loved ones in and not a paradise for souls. The comparison shows a resentment of loss, a pill that never gets any easier to swallow. The above lyric is from “Windows,” a song that can be found on Chance's 10 Day mixtape. A few bars prior, he raps, “Some of us is seeing summer, some of us have passed, Some of us ain't seeing summer, some of us have passed,” an interesting juxtaposition of passing school classes and friends passing to the other side. This is someone in high school, an adolescent who is celebrating escaping summer school while musing on the kids who couldn't make to the school year's end.
In an interview with Chicago Magazine sometime after the birth of his child, Chance said this about life and death in the city that raised him:
“Anywhere past age 13—10 if you live in Chicago—you have a relationship with death as you've seen it depicted in media, or around you, if you've watched somebody die.”
“Summer Friends” from Coloring Book touches upon how summer is a season of loss in a subtle manner, much brighter than “Paranoia." Sonically, it sounds like a game of hopscotch in the candy store, but the pain of loss in the summer is still a prevalent theme. Nostalgia is an easy feeling to connect with—and nostalgia is a big part of Chance's artistry—but every memory of summer has to contrast mowing lawns with having to be home early; the first day of camp is followed by the first shooting; friends without fathers and CPD recruiting new officers to handle the impending heat wave. “Our summer get no shine no more, our summer die, our summer time don't got any time no more,” says it all.
When it gets hot, it gets violent, and often deadly. While the murder rate in Chicago has decreased, history says shootings will increase throughout the summer season. This isn't exclusive to Chicago, though. The heat boils the blood of men and women everywhere. When I interviewed GoldLink earlier this year, collaborator Obii Say explained how the summertime is beautiful, but that it's also when murders and shootings escalate. GoldLink's At What Cost is sonically gorgeous, filled with fun and summer anthems, but it's still a story revolving around how quickly things can turn deadly even when you're having the time of your life.
Link's “Meditation” is a summer song that ends with gunshots. One act of violence is all it takes before the entire summer is engulfed in a string of unfortunate acts that can change lives. Vince Staple's debut Summertime ‘06 is an album influenced by his adolescence when he was no older than 13. The same year that Young Dro had the world shoulder leaning, Vince was out getting active. The intro starts off with the sound of waves and seagulls, you can close your eyes and envision the beach. At the last second, right before the song ends, a blast shoots through the comfort―summer isn't a time to be comfortable. That's just how the album begins, the rest is a journey through the unforgiving jungle that Vince called home.
Both Vince and GoldLink have friends who didn't survive that summer, and they haven't forgotten. You never forget.
Pop culture has an interesting way of feeding our concept of summer. Movies aren't capturing Chance's paranoia and pain in cinema, summer is still more about lustful flings and careless afternoons, more Sandlot than Hardball. Spike Lee's Do The Right Thing was a film that unapologetically painted the most gruesome picture of how an excruciating heat wave can cause spirits to burn with a vehement fire. On a cooler day maybe Radio Raheem and Sal are calmer, without their minor argument the police don't arrive and choke the very life from Raheem's body. Raheem lives and Mookie doesn't throw that trash can through the window, inciting the riot. Do The Right Thing is really a movie that revolves around the hottest day in Brooklyn and how the simmering heat can spiral racial tension to a place of unforgettable proportions.
Raheem was just another summer friend who didn't make it to the fall.
The first episode from The Wire's fourth season is called Boys Of The Summer and introduces Dukie, Randy, Michael and Namond—four Baltimore students from different backgrounds who we watch walk through their own personal purgatories. One of the most intriguing scenes happens after Dukie is beaten up by a local gang. Of course, boys being boys, they want to react. Michael inquires whether they should get guns, an idea that's not uncommon where they're from. Instead, the boys fill water balloons with piss to throw at their advisories. Plans fail, they fight, and ice cream is there to cool their bruises. They're young, boyish, and still in that stage where the hellfire on their heels hasn't engulfed their entire beings. I'm pretty sure Chance would relate to Dukie, Randy, Michael and Namond over Will, Carlton, Ashley and Hilary.
The show is full of characters who, with few other options, have traveled down self-destructive paths. The audience doesn't often get to see all the factors — internal and external — that have led them astray. But in the fourth season, we're introduced to four black adolescents whose futures are uncertain. The arc unfolds over a semester at a junior high. It's painfully affecting. "You're seeing the lives of kids at stake," Burns said, "and that's powerful drama." The Wire was never better than when it was telling their stories. — The Best of 'The Wire' Was Season 4
The Wire doesn't allow the boys' summer to last in languorous, innocent bliss. Viewers watch as they slowly get pushed deeper into the fire; the summer friends are thrown into drugs and murder. They aren't product of their environments, they're kids just trying to survive the circumstances they were born into. There's no mercy for the babies, the madness is a hungry hippo and they all are in the belly of the beast. It's why the fourth season of The Wire is acclaimed as the series' best, the portrayal of these children and the overall school system is heart-wrenching, yet eye-grabbing. Because you know, deep down, this is reality.
Summer's bliss and summer's madness are two sides of the spectrum, two sides of life. It's what's makes all of Chance's songs about summer and death so harrowing; they're all based in reality.
GoldLink's reality.
Vince's reality.
Will wrote "Summertime" from how he remembered summer in Philly but it also feels a bit like a fantasy, like what we long for. Maybe that's why it continues to resonate; we're still dreaming of living that summer.
I've watched countless jaws collide with fists while “Knuck If You Buck” played in the background. I've sat in classrooms in the middle of lessons that abruptly turned into books being thrown and hair being pulled. Watching as teachers stormed out of rooms to get security or assistance wasn't abnormal. My school couldn't have pep rallies because rival schools would sneak over and start fights in the gymnasium. Knives would be brought to homeroom, guns would sit next to books inside backpacks. House parties were shot up so frequently that the news reports became normal.
One of the wildest days of my youth occurred when someone called in a bomb threat to my parents skating rink, and I can still feel the frantic fear and pulsing panic in the air. But never death. Unlike Lil Uzi Vert, all my friends are alive. Sometimes it would come close, as a reminder not to get comfortable, not to forget any second could be the last. I can't imagine knowing death at the age when I'm still trying to know myself, trying to figure out my place in this whirling world. My reality has been a blessed one.
As the heat rises, barbecue fills the nostrils and fewer clothes are worn, I pray that we all get to live within our own personal “Summertime,” but I know real life isn't that pleasant. So I pray for our safety, I pray for our coolheadedness, and I pray for all our friends. I pray for more parties than funerals, more selfies by the pool and fewer selfies in a hospital bed. I pray that we all survive summer and get to greet fall with open arms.
Still, I know that's not enough. I know somewhere someone is still praying for a little more spring.
By Yoh, aka Radio Yoheem, aka @Yoh31
Every Tuesday, the website Screen Junkies uploads a new installment in its Honest Trailers web series. Billed on YouTube as the “trailers that tell you the TRUTH about your favorite movies and TV shows,” Honest Trailers recuts popular movies into coming attractions “the producers don't want you to see.” A gravel-voiced narrator, mimicking the stereotypically stern tone adopted by trailer voiceover artists, points out the various flaws, mistakes, errors, and goofs in big Hollywood films. To date, the series has more than 50 episodes; each one has been viewed well over a million times. Several have been viewed in excess of 10 million times, making Honest Trailers one of the most popular movie-based series on YouTube.
Last week's Honest Trailers was devoted to April's Captain America: The Winter Soldier. After poking fun at its titular hero's tendency to kick people, and his “vaguely defined superpowers,” the narrator segues into a moment of unusual candor: “Watch as Cap and two non-superheroes end up… actually kicking a lot of asses together in a really entertaining, well-directed movie. What? We have to be honest. It's good.”
Those 31 words expose the major problem with the series and others like it—including the nearly-as-popular Everything Wrong With… videos from CinemaSins—in what's become a growing cottage industry of YouTube Movie Nitpicking. To their credit, the best of these videos are slickly produced and crisply edited, and they're all clearly made by people with sharp senses of humor and obsessive attention to detail. The issue isn't how these editors do their work, but how they choose their targets.
Take Captain America: The Winter Soldier, which is currently the highest-grossing movie of 2014 in the United States, and the recipient of some of the strongest reviews for any blockbuster released this year. Does the plot contain some pickable nits? Sure, and Honest Trailers picks them. Probably someone would have noticed Hydra double agents in S.H.I.E.L.D. before now. Maybe the bad guys could have picked a more advantageous time to enact their plan. But by the show's own admission, it's still an entertaining, well-directed movie. It doesn't really deserve this kind of treatment, but it got it anyway.
It isn't alone in that regard. Honest Trailers has mocked almost as many good movies (Skyfall, Paranormal Activity) as bad ones (Green Lantern, After Earth). The same goes for the people at Everything Wrong With…, who've even broadened their scope from recent fare to older titles like The Terminator, Die Hard, and the original version of Carrie, which was deemed to contain 43 “cinema sins.” While they poke fun at classics, plenty of truly worthy targets remain off their radar. Between the two shows there's just a single video, this one, devoted to any of the five worst movies I saw last year (Movie 43, Salinger, R.I.P.D., A Good Day To Die Hard, and G.I. Joe: Retaliation). Neither series has gotten around to The Dissolve's pick for the worst movie of 2013, The Internship.
One look at these videos' hit totals explain why: The ones about blockbusters are vastly more popular than the ones about flops. The most-watched Honest Trailer is the one for Frozen, with more than 17 million views; CinemaSins' Frozen video is the series' second most-popular, behind its attack on the first film in The Hunger Games franchise. The Hunger Games is the fourth most popular Honest Trailers video—at least among those for movies; the series has also done trailers for well-liked TV shows like Game Of Thrones. Of the top 10 Honest Trailers about movies, only two—the original Transformers and Twilight—even come close to being consensus pieces of junk. (As of this writing, the others are Frozen, Titanic, The Avengers, The Hunger Games, the Harry Potter series, The Lion King, The Lord Of The Rings, and World War Z.) The same for Everything Wrong With…, where The Hunger Games, Frozen, The Avengers, Avatar, and The Dark Knight compose the top five, followed by one definitive stinker, The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Even within franchises, the more popular movies tend to produce the more popular videos, despite the fact that the more popular movies offer much less material to ridicule. CinemaSins' video about The Matrix garnered twice as many views as its video about The Matrix Reloaded, and the stats on its Rise Of The Planet Of The Apes clip vastly improved on the ones for the Tim Burton Planet Of The Apes episode. By and large, these video aren't finding everything wrong with genuinely crappy movies, they're finding “everything wrong” with good movies that people will watch a video about. The subjects aren't the most suitable ones, they're the ones that are the most traffic-friendly. From a business perspective, that's perfectly understandable.
There's something else at work here beyond simple popularity, though. As detailed in a recent study reprinted at Smithsonian.com, while “joy moves faster than sadness or disgust,” on social media, “nothing is speedier than rage.” Targeting movies with intensely devoted fan bases—like Frozen or comic-book movies—and pissing those fans off until they're angry enough to share your work with like-minded friends… That can be very good for business. A video rightfully slamming an actual piece of junk that everyone hates has a smaller chance of going viral. (“Guys, guys! You gotta check out this ‘Everything Wrong With John Carter video! They nailed it!”) On the web, whether someone loves a video or is infuriated by it is totally irrelevant. All that matters is that they watch, and increasingly, that they share it.
Again, from a financial perspective, this is all completely logical. Of course these people should theoretically do whatever they can to grow their viewership and increase their ad revenue. But from a creative perspective, it's a double standard. If Hollywood filmmakers did something purely for financial reasons—because they knew it would bring the most people to the theater or sell a few more action figures or T-shirts—these shows would make fun of them for it, and rightfully so.
Modern technology has put the power of movie editing into the hands of movie fans. A few years ago, that led to the rise of video essays, with smart critics like RogerEbert.com's Matt Zoller Seitz using Hollywood's own tools to dissect and parse their work. But dense, intellectual video essays are a niche product for a niche audience. While there are still a few talented essayists carving out a valuable place for themselves in the world of criticism (like Kevin B. Lee, who has contributed video essays to The Dissolve, and recently created a fascinating “premake” of Transformers: Age Of Extinction), and a few video makers who manage to straddle the line between entertainment and intelligent criticism (like Red Letter Media, the creators of an infamously brutal series of video reviews of the Star Wars prequels, and the producers of a sharp, though less-traffic-friendly series called Half In The Bag), it seems like many of the most talented amateur editors have gravitated away from video essays toward supercuts and comedy series, which are easier to digest, and therefore more readily viral on social media. A few years ago, we seemed on the cusp of a revolution in film criticism. Now it seems like we've taken a step or two back.
If you enjoy these videos, more power to you. Once in a while, these guys knock it out of the park. (CinemaSins' A Good Day To Die Hard episode suggests the movie was even worse than I thought—and I thought it was terrible.) But usually by the time I get to the end of one (if I don't turn it off halfway through) I feel depressed. These videos feed on the fact that negativity spreads faster on social media than positivity, and contribute to an increasingly sour air in the world of online movie fandom. CinemaSins' website proclaims that “sometimes, even great movies suck,” but watching these nitpicking videos regularly suggests that every movie sucks. And if everything sucks, why care about movies at all?
Last year, Avenged Sevenfold made a dynamic shift in their lineup after firing drummer Arin Ilejay . In a new interview with Rolling Stone , Ilejay reveals he felt “shocked and scared” after being given the bad news by Synyster Gates .
Ilejay has been relatively quiet about his exit from Avenged Sevenfold, quickly moving on to a gig in Islander , who actually reached out to Ilejay after reading of his dismissal from Avenged Sevenfold online. "I used to joke around with him all the time: 'Hey, whenever we need a fill in drummer, I'm gonna call you,'" Islander vocalist Mikey Carvajal says. "Finally, I called him and I wasn't joking at all. I said, 'You have to come play with us.'"
As for his leave from A7X, Ilejay was indeed fired via a phone call from guitarist Synyster Gates. "I was totally shocked and scared out of my mind when Synyster Gates called me to let me go," Ilejay recalls. "I was like, 'Oh my God! My wife is about to have a baby. How am I going to support my family now?'"
Despite feeling displaced after receiving the sudden news, Ilejay quickly became excited about engaging in the creative process with Islander. "I realized if I joined Islander I would have an opportunity to help write songs and build something, instead of being on the inside but, at the same time, really be on the outside the way I was with Avenged," Ilejay describes.
Islander just revealed they'll be releasing the new album Power Under Control on Aug. 5. The news came with a fresh song, “Darkness,” which you can check out along with more album details here .
See Avenged Sevenfold in the Top 100 Hard Rock + Metal Albums of the 21st Century
CAIRO - Militants opened fire on a microbus filled with plainclothes police in a Cairo suburb early Sunday, killing eight of them, including an officer, in an attack claimed by a local Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) affiliate.
The attack was the deadliest in the heavily policed capital since November, when gunmen attacked a security checkpoint, killing four policemen. That attack was also claimed by the local ISIS affiliate.
Egypt's state-run MENA news agency said the policemen were inspecting security in the south Cairo suburb of Helwan early Sunday when four gunmen in a pickup opened fire on them.
Interior Minister Magdy Abdel-Ghaffar, in charge of police, ordered an investigation into the attack.
"These are the heroes whose blood mixes with the nation's soil every day," Abdel-Ghaffar told state television at the end of a brief military funeral for the eight policemen.
"We are determined to continue our march against terror and anyone who seeks to undermine the nation's stability," he said, as black-clad female relatives of the policemen wailed in grief.
The coffins of the eight, wrapped in the Egyptian flag, were placed atop red fire engines that led a procession of several hundred mourners, including other policemen.
An ISIS affiliate claimed responsibility for the attack in an online statement, saying it killed everyone in the vehicle. It identified the officer and said the fighters seized light weapons from the police before they're fleeing the scene unharmed.
It said the operation was to avenge women jailed in Egypt. The claim could not be independently verified, but the statement's language and the nature of the attack suggest it is authentic.
Militants have been targeting security forces in the Sinai Peninsula for years, but their attacks have grown more deadly and frequent since the 2013 military overthrow of Islamist President Mohammed Morsi. An ISIS affiliate based in the Sinai is now spearheading the insurgency.
While most of the unrest has been confined to the northern Sinai, there have been attacks in the mainland as well, mainly small-scale bombings targeting police, the frequency of which had declined in recent months.
Sunday's attack came as the interior minister was locked in a dispute with the Egyptian Journalists Syndicate following the arrest last week of two reporters who had taken refuge inside the syndicate's building in downtown Cairo. The syndicate's board says the ministry did not give it advance warning and has demanded that Abdel-Ghaffar be fired.
Several newspapers have protested by not mentioning the minister by name and by only publishing altered photos of him designed to look like negatives. It was not yet clear how they would cover his response to Sunday's attack.
Rights groups have accused Egypt's police of widespread abuses, including the torture of dissidents, with some likening their tactics to those used during the rule of President Hosni Mubarak, who was overthrown in a 2011 uprising.
The Interior Ministry has denied any systematic abuses, and is likely to point to attacks like the one carried out on Sunday to argue that it is defending the country against Islamic militants who have sown chaos across the region.
A new front is opening in the Syrian civil war that looks set to pit rebel against rebel, as confrontations between Western-backed groups and Islamic fundamentalist fighters threaten to spiral out of control.
The assassination of a leading commander of the Free Syrian Army by fighters allied with al-Qa'ida will further divide the rebels in Syria at a time a moment when they are struggling to deal with government forces offensives against opposition strongholds.
Kamal Hamami was killed on Thursday along with his brother at a checkpoint near Latakia in north-west Syria. The assassination was reportedly carried out by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, which has long been conducting a guerrilla war against the Iraqi government and fighting under the banner of the al-Nusra Front in Syria until earlier this year. The Iraq-based part of the movement is likely to have been responsible for killing most of the 44 people shot dead or killed in bomb attacks and shooting in Iraq in recent days.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Mr Hamami, also known as Abu Bassir al-Ladkani, was a member of the Supreme Military Council of the Free Syrian Army (FSA) and commander of an important brigade within the loosely-organised FSA.
A spokesman for the FSA said Mr Hamami had been driving through Latakia on his way to take part in an operation against regime forces when he encountered a checkpoint manned by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. When the fighters from the al-Qa'ida-linked group refused to let him pass through, Hamami ordered them to dismantle their checkpoint. After they refused to do so, a confrontation ensued in which Hamami was killed.
It is not clear if his death was the result of that dispute or a pre-planned assassination, but the Free Syrian Army yesterday appeared to be convinced of the latter.
“We think they made a decision to fight us. It seems they have prepared themselves very well for this moment,” FSA spokesman Louay Mekdad, told The Independent.
“They have started to take control in certain areas and started to arrest certain people. We will not allow this to happen,” he added.
Mr Mekdad said that a video conference had been held between members of the FSA's military council on Thursday to decide an appropriate response to the attack. A second crisis meeting was due to take place yesterday between General Salim Idriss, the commander of the FSA, and other rebel leaders.
The shooting may be the precursor of an all-out civil war between the Islamic State, whose in primary leadership is based in Iraq, and the FSA. Mr Mekdad says that one FSA fighter caught in the ambush was allowed to go free in order to carry a message from the Islamic State saying that it considers the FSA as heretics and will target its 30-member Supreme Council. He added that “if these people came to defend the Syrian revolution and not help the Assad regime, the have to hand over the killers,” adding that the bodies of the two-men are still held by the Islamic State forces.
FSA commanders reacted angrily to the killing. “We are going to wipe the floor with them,” one was quoted as saying, before adding that there was “no place” for al-Qa'ida type militants in Latakia province near the Syrian border.
The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant was formed earlier this year and is made up of fighters who split from the al-Nusra Front. The split was prompted by an announcement by Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of al-Qa'ida in Iraq, who claimed to have been responsible for founding al-Nusra.
In April, Mr al-Baghdadi announced a merger between al-Nusra and al-Qa'ida in Iraq, which would operate under his leadership. The merger was opposed by al-Nusra's leader in Syria, Abu Mohammed al-Golani, and the fighters who had been operating under the al-Nusra umbrella broke into two groups under the two leaders. Those loyal to Mr Al-Baghdadi now operate under the name of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.
The Islamic fundamentalists have been making headway within the opposition because they are better organised, fight harder, are well funded and less prone to loot civilian property. They also guarantee a degree of order in districts they control by implementing summary justice under Sharia law while the FSA units are notorious for plundering factories and warehouses and selling for profit humanitarian aid sent from outside Syria.
The US, Britain, France and their regional allies in Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey have been continuously trying to boost the FSA and the Syrian Coalition, the civilian rebel opposition, as representative of Syria as a whole.
Despite the blows it is receiving from Islamic fundamentalists supporting the rebellion and from Syrian government forces the FSA is still hopeful of receiving US and European weapons and equipment. An opposition statement pledged that these arms would not fall into the hands of Jihadi fighters because “the Syrian Coalition and the Free Syrian Army have already introduced necessary measures to ensure full and comprehensive vetting of all armed forces under our command.” The killing of Mr Hamami is evidence that the FSA may be in no position to guarantee anything inside Syria.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Unlike most Democrats in Texas, Lampson has enough money for TV ads, here is the one currently playing in the district:
Nice ad right? Weber has decided to go with the ol' "You Didn't Build That!" angle.
What Weber fails to mention as well is he is the co-author of the horrendous Trans-Vaginal Sonar for Abortions bill in Texas. Sadly, this is one of the "nicer" things he had done for women in Texas and his record over-all is rather shocking, even by Texas GOP standards, if one can call them standards at all.
Here's Weber sadly trotting out the old GOP line of repealing regulations:
He's such a brave man, disabling the comments on his YouTubes.
Of course, Weber can't disable debates next week where Lampson might just start to run away with this one. Weber has to run away from his record, Lampson can run on his.
Just wanted to spread a little good news from down where Texas began.
Recommended you say? Ah heck, then let's use this little ol' limelight to give Lampson some extra cash to run more TV spots, shall we?
Donate Here, Make the Texas GOP Cry
Also, since Nick Lampson was nice enough to thank me, here are his meta digits:
Like Nick on Facebook
Follow Nick on Twitter @nlampson
Visit our webpage and sign up for e-mail updates: www.lampson.com
Being a huge fan of memes, this one from GoGoGoEverton pretty much sums up what might be a very shocking election cycle in Texas:
Vermonters were abuzz on social media this week after Wired magazine published an article that said the Green Mountain State is home to the most toxic internet commenters in America, but making sense of news stories about data can be tricky.
While some of the comments about Wired's article seemed to prove it right, others raised questions about the statistics behind that conclusion. Librarian Jessamyn West was one of the Twitter users discussing Wired's story. (Wired used data from Disqus, which is the same commenting platform VPR uses for comments on vpr.net.)
As the former director of operations for MetaFilter (an online content platform,) West knows quite a bit about how people engage with each other online. As a librarian in rural Vermont, she also has a good sense of how people engage with news and information; she saw the conversation about the new Wired story as an opportunity to talk about how news consumers can figure out what to make of statistics in an era of fake news.
#1 Look Under The Hood
West says the most important thing to do when a piece of content draws a conclusion from data or a study is to try to get an understanding of the process that turned raw data or information into a conclusion.
“As with any sort of study, you have to look at ‘Well, how was the study made? What were the parts of the study that went together?” West says.
Understanding the methodology of a study or analysis can help answer some basic questions.
For example, Vermont is regularly at the top (or bottom) of data-based rankings of all 50 states. Does this mean Vermont is special? As much as we'd like to think so, West says there's often another explanation.
Is that total number of comments, or per capita? I think the argument is VT has unusually low commenting generally, so trolls stand out. — jessamyn west (@jessamyn) August 24, 2017
“Vermont does suffer from this thing that we like to call the ‘Per Capita Effect,' which is: Because it has such a tiny population – 600,000 people is smaller than most metro areas – things that rely on ‘It's got a higher percentage of X than anything else' – Vermont's got a ton of those just because it's so tiny,” West says.
The economy of the news business plays a role in this too, West said, because news organizations that depend on web traffic in order to collect advertising money have an incentive to cover these national rankings.
“These 50-state things are great because then you can get people from all 50 states linking to information about their own people. Or you know the great New Hampshire-Vermont rivalry can spring up as a result of this,” she said. “That's good for people who author things that are advertiser-driven online.”
#2 Figure Out What's Really Being Measured
Sometimes, a study uses one statistic as a proxy, or indicator, for another. For example, economists study lumber sales to try to gain insights about how many houses are being built. Having a clear understanding of what is really being measured is important too, West says.
In other words, West says, “What are you really measuring when you're saying ‘the most toxic trolls'?”
For Wired, West says, the definition of a “toxic” online comment is left up to a piece of software.
“Looking into this, the word ‘toxic' is a very specific term of art for the tool, this tool Perspective that's made by this company Alphabet, who you may know as Google, that is trying to bring [Artificial Intelligence] into commenting,” she said.
VT could be suffering from a similar scenario as Park Forest, IL - very high number of toxic comments from a very small number of people.2/3 — Jeremy Laskar (@webrenderdotnet) August 24, 2017
In other words: Wired's analysis used a computer program to decide whether a comment was respectful and positive or toxic to the discussion.
The results are imperfect, and West says part of the reason for that is that words can have different meanings that a computer might not understand.
“We talk a lot in the comment world [about] the use-mention distinction,” she says. “So talking about a racial slur is different than using a racial slur against someone. Or for instance more simply: Talking about gay people doesn't necessarily mean you're fighting about gay people.”
It's impossible to know for sure (we'll get to that in a moment), but West says Vermont commenters might have been labeled as toxic simply because they're having conversations online about difficult topics.
“It may actually be that Vermonters are talking about social justice issues more than their companions across the river in New Hampshire, and it may actually be that they're more engaged, not necessarily more toxic,” she says.
#3 Swim Upstream
Understanding how someone else reached a conclusion from data can be helpful in figuring out how reliable it is, but West says one of the big advantages of using data is that anyone can "swim upstream" and do their own analysis.
“The great thing about data is if you can access the same numbers, you can assess it and draw your own conclusions,” she said.
Using advanced spreadsheet skills to work through a data set is a daunting challenge for some people, and in this case Wired refused to release the underlying data set. But West says there are still ways to reverse-engineer parts of the study to get a better understanding.
For example: “You can look at what makes a comment toxic just by Googling the Perspective API, which is the interface to the programming on the back end, and type in your own comments to see if something that you would say would be considered toxic, and then you can learn a little bit more about how the big data analysis happened.”
Try typing a comment into the Perspective API and see if it's considered "toxic."
Ultimately, science is based on the premise that the results of a study can be recreated by following the same process.
Even if news consumers don't actually recreate an experiment or data analysis, taking the time to understand it and think critically can lead to new insights and also help prevent the spread of fake news.
Update 12:19 p.m. 8/25/2017 This story has been updated to note that VPR's website uses Disqus, which is the same company that provided the source data for Wired's analysis of "toxic" comments.
Fan-filmed video footage of BATTLE BEAST's October 9 performance at Tuppens, in Bollnäs, Sweden as the support act for U.D.O. can be seen below.
BATTLE BEAST's self-titled sophomore album entered the official chart in the band's home country of Finland at position No. 5. Released in Europe on May 17 via Nuclear Blast Records, the CD was produced and mixed by the band at JKB Studios in Helsinki and mastered by Mika Jussila at Finnvox Studios. The cover artwork was created by Claudio Bergamin (HALFORD, ARJEN A. LUCASSEN, MAGICA).
BATTLE BEAST last year parted ways with lead singer Nitte Vänskä and replaced her with Noora Louhimo.
In an interview with Metal Divas, Noora explained how she ended up fronting BATTLE BEAST: "Last September (2012), I got a call from Anton [Kabanen, guitar] that they want me to join BATTLE BEAST. I had heard their music and loved the sound and the vocals, so the next day I called Anton and said I'm in.
"Anton found me by accident on YouTube when he was searching for the new vocalist. He had been looking for a vocalist — male or female; [it did not] matter. The only thing that mattered was can that [he or she could] sing his songs without compromises.
"I've been singing since I was 4 years old. While being a huge fan of heavy metal of '80s and a teenager, I had some classical singing lessons when I was 16 years old. Then at the age of 19, I started studying music in pop/jazz line. At the same time, I started doing some jam sessions at bars. There I found my first band (ADMIRAL OCTOPUS) in the blues bar. We used to play rock and blues music from '60s-'70s and Janis Joplin was the reason I got the rasp in my voice. After ADMIRAL OCTOPUS, in 2011, I took part in a singing competition ('Wanna Be A Rock 'N' Roll Star') at Henry's Pub of Tampere and won it with Janis Joplin's 'Piece Of My Heart'. That's how my single 'Relax' was born."
BATTLE BEAST's debut album, "Steel" — which was originally released in Finland in 2011 via Hype Records — was made available internationally on January 27, 2012 through Nuclear Blast Records.
Actress Carrie Fisher on the set of “Star Wars: Episode V — The Empire Strikes Back” (1980). (Lucasfilm/Sunset Boulevard/Corbis/Getty Images)
The hard-working staff here at Spoiler Alerts is spending this week traveling around Northeast Asia doing academic-y stuff. This means two things:
I'm more out of it than usual because of travel and jet lag. I'm so geeking out over some pretty big academic news:
Hang on wait what… Leia had a PhD in Star Wars? Christ can you imagine having everyone call you Princess when you were actually Dr Organa pic.twitter.com/HYertPJqWU — Dr Becca Harrison (@BeccaEHarrison) August 4, 2017
BuzzFeed's Andy Golder reports on how this news-from-a-2004-commentary-track went viral again:
Yeah, that's right — Leia Organa was actually DOCTOR Leia Organa, because according to George Lucas, she got her PhD at age 19. People are kind of flipping out over the addition to their favorite character's already long list of accomplishments.
So at age 19, as she appears in the original “Star Wars,” Princess Leia Organa was already a senator and the holder of a PhD? I have so many thoughts about this.
First: I pray to God she did not also have an acting/modeling career. The idea of Leia being the James Franco of the Star Wars universe is too much for this fanboy to bear.
Second: What was her PhD in? My money is on either mathematics or Alderaan literature. While the social sciences were her métier, I doubt she would have pursued such a course of study in the authoritarian state that was the Galactic Empire. It would have sent up too many red flags. I have no doubt that Leia could have handled any of the physical or life sciences. As implausible as finishing a dissertation at age 19 is, however, finishing one involving experimental protocols sounds even more implausible. My hunch is that she completed her doctorate on a topic she could have studied while in Alderaan. Pure maths or literature would have done it.
Third, and most important: Can Leia's arc in the original trilogy now be interpreted as the traditional arc of a newly minted PhD? Why yes, yes, I believe it can.
One of the standard criticisms of the original trilogy is how Leia starts off being this badass, in-charge political leader in the first film and winds up spending parts of the third film in a metal bikini or as an Endorian nature goddess. It would be safe to say that some feminists in my personal circle saw this as a disempowering arc.
But here's another way to think of it. The Leia in “A New Hope” displays all the traits of a newly minted PhD. She acts like she knows everything in that film. She literally deconstructs her rescue from the Death Star in real time — you can't do that without the critical chops developed in grad school. She tries to affect a cultured accent, but it does not quite take. So many newly minted PhDs often feel like they have pretty much figured out the entire universe. Leia's behavior in Star Wars is perfectly consistent with all these tropes.
Now fast forward to “The Empire Strikes Back.” The Leia in this film displays all the markers of the frustrated postdoc thwarted in her pursuit of a tenure-track job. Oh, sure, she is still authoritative in her way. But Leia also sometimes seems to act as if she was expecting a nice tenure-track position at Coruscant State rather than spending her time in the hinterlands of Hoth (to be fair, civil wars are hell on the academic job market). And while she gets irked when Han calls her variations of “Princess,” she saves her real ire for the sentence “I am not a committee!” Only someone who has had to navigate the dark side of academic bureaucracy could say that sentence with that amount of conviction.
What about “Return of the Jedi”? Let me suggest that by the last film in the original trilogy, Leia has finally come to terms with the idea that she will not be pursuing a traditional academic career. The rebellion, the nasty academic politics in Coruscant, her relationship with Han, her appreciation of new talents that she did not know she possessed — these are all in keeping with many a PhD who realized that there are other things in life besides a tenure-track job.
Indeed, interpreted in this way, “Return of the Jedi” is the most radical film of the original trilogy. Leia's choices, and her contentment with those choices, offers some valuable career advice for PhDs who have been socialized to within an inch of their lives that the only thing worth pursuing is a tenure-track job. A PhD is a wonderful thing, but there are many ways one can use it in life beyond being a stodgy academic. The original trilogy is about rebellion, but if you think about it, it's a particular story of academic rebellion against the impossible expectations set up at all the best graduate schools.
George Lucas is also correct that Leia's more mature arc contrasts strongly with that of her twin. Luke's narrative journey in the original trilogy is about starting off as a cocky kid who thinks he should not be afraid of studying a discipline. Only at the end of “Return of the Jedi” does Luke arrive at where Leia was at the beginning of “A New Hope.”
The deeper conclusion to draw is the growing importance of academia in popular culture. Samwell Tarly's training in Oldtown in HBO's “Game of Thrones” might be the most realistic depiction of grad student life ever put on the small screen. The true heroes of the Harry Potter books were also the ones most likely to get doctorates. With news of Princess Leia's doctorate, however, we now can see that the greatest pop culture story of the last century is, in part, about a young academic trying to find herself in a harsh galaxy.
BEREA, Ohio -- The Cleveland Browns considered Ray Horton for their head coaching vacancy. They hired him to fill another one.
Horton, who spent the past two seasons as Arizona's defensive coordinator, was named to the same position with the Browns on Friday. The 52-year-old recently interviewed with Browns owner Jimmy Haslam and CEO Joe Banner before the team chose Rob Chudzinski as its sixth coach since 1999. Horton replaces Dick Jauron, who was not retained on Chudzinski's staff.
"We are truly excited that we were able to get someone of Ray's caliber as our defensive coordinator," Chudzinski said. "He possesses a great deal of experience as a player, position coach and coordinator in the NFL and has been part of some of the top defenses in the league throughout his career. He is an extremely talented coach and I know that he will work very well with the young nucleus of players we have on defense."
Under Horton last season, Arizona's defense ranked second in the NFL in interceptions and third-down efficiency. Horton, who was considered for Arizona's head coaching job before the team hired Bruce Arians, has 19 years of experience as a pro assistant.
Before he went to Arizona, Horton spent seven seasons with the Pittsburgh Steelers. He played 10 years as a defensive back in the league.
It's not yet known if Horton will switch Cleveland's base defense from a 4-3 to a 3-4 scheme.
Horton's hiring is the second major one in two days for Chudzinski's staff. On Thursday, fired San Diego coach Norv Turner was named the team's new offensive coordinator. Chudzinski coached the Chargers tight ends for two seasons under Turner.
"As we've said before, an important factor in hiring Rob was our confidence in him being able to put together a top-quality staff," Banner said. "He has assembled an extremely impressive group of coaches, and that will be very beneficial as we develop our players."
Before he went to Arizona, Horton spent seven seasons coaching the Steelers secondary. During his time with Pittsburgh, the Steelers ranked in the top 10 in total defense each season. Horton helped in the development of star safety Troy Polamalu, who was selected to six consecutive Pro Bowls with Horton as his coach.
ESPN Champion Jon Jones has pulled out of his just-announced UFC light heavyweight title fight against Glover Teixeira, company president Dana White said Thursday night. The pay-per-view event, UFC 170, is set for Feb. 22 at Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas. The bout was initially announced for UFC 169 on Feb. 1, but White later acknowledged no deal had been finalized for that date before announcing the fight's cancellation Thursday. When asked if Jones was injured, Dana responded, “No.” “He won't fight Feb. 22,” White said. “It might be March now.” Jones (19-1) set the UFC record for consecutive light heavyweight title defenses in September, defeating Alexander Gustafsson via unanimous decision for his sixth defense. The bout was extremely close, which caused some speculation the UFC would book Jones and Gustafsson to an immediate rematch. White told ESPN.com in October, however, that Jones personally requested to fight Teixeira next. Teixeira (22-2) has recorded 20 consecutive victories dating to 2006. The Brazilian is 5-0 since signing with the UFC last year, a run that includes four finishes.
I am not one of the UFC fans who believe in conspiracies, I do not think that Light Heavyweight Champion Jon Jones is scared of Glover Teixeira, and I do not think that Jones is ducking a match-up with the Brazilian. Anyone who follows this site knows that I am a huge Glover Teixeira fan, I think he is going to be a tough fight for Jones, and I think that he has an excellent chance to become the next UFC Light Heavyweight Champion. Teixeira is an incredibly tough guy, he is an excellent wrestler with deadly hands, who happens to be a black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. I think Teixeira is more skilled overall that Alexander Gustafsson, who almost beat Jon Jones in his last fight, except he does not have the length that made Gustafsson such a match-up problem for Jones. I do not think that, as some have suggested, Jones does not want to fight Teixeira next because he does not have name recognition but is a huge risk. A rematch with Gustafsson will likely bring in more pay-per-view revenue, and the risk/reward is probably greater than it would be for Jones if he fought Teixeira next. However, I do not think that Jones is thinking with his wallet and trying to avoid a dangerous fight with Teixeira, which will not bring him as big of a payday. Jones is not scared of anybody, Teixeira has earned this fight, Jones knows he deserves the title shot. A deal will get worked out, Teixeria will be Jones next title defense, likely in March. If this fight does not happen next for Jones, I will be the first to say he is ducking Teixeira, but I have faith in The Champ and Dana White that Teixeira will be Jones next opponent.
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Islamist rebels fighting President Bashar al-Assad's forces in Syria have rejected overtures from the United States to sit down and talk, a senior U.S. diplomat said on Wednesday.
The Syrian government said it was “reprehensible” that Washington was prepared to enter a dialogue with the Islamic Front, which comprises six major Islamist rebel groups and which Damascus considers a terrorist organization.
The developments highlighted Washington's difficulties in engaging with the faction-ridden rebels in Syria's civil war.
With five weeks to go before U.N. peace talks convene in Geneva, it is unclear who will represent the opposition, and the clock is ticking towards a December 27 deadline set by U.N. mediator Lakhdar Brahimi for both sides to name their delegations.
“The Islamic Front has refused to sit with us, without giving any reason,” U.S. Syria envoy Robert Ford told Al Arabiya television, speaking in Arabic, a day after Secretary of State John Kerry said such talks might take place.
“We are ready to sit with them because we talk to all parties and political groups in Syria,” Ford said.
The Islamic Front has overshadowed the more moderate Free Syrian Army, which is formally led by the Supreme Military Council (SMC) and backed by Western and Arab powers.
The Front has rejected the authority of the SMC, the military arm of the main political opposition in exile, and last week seized control of SMC weapons depots in northern Syria.
In a video statement given to Reuters by the SMC on Wednesday, Ford described the takeover as “an extremely negative development” and urged disparate rebel groups to work together.
“If there is not tight cooperation between the different armed groups that are fighting the regime, the regime is going to be successful in surviving,” he said.
“It is extremely important that the Supreme Military Council be able to play its role of coordinating. If it cannot do that, I do not see how the armed opposition can be truly effective.”
Kerry said on Tuesday a U.S. meeting with the Islamic Front was possible as part of efforts to broaden opposition representation at the Geneva peace talks, but the Front's commanders are wary of openly coordinating with Washington.
Any such public engagement with the United States could put the newly formed Islamic Front on a collision course with the powerful al Qaeda-linked Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant.
The Syrian Foreign Ministry said in a statement carried on the state news agency that dialogue with the Islamic Front contradicted U.S. and international commitments to combat terrorism, as well as “international pledges that terrorist organizations would not be given the chance to participate in the Geneva conference”.
The long-delayed talks in Switzerland are meant to discuss a political transition to lead Syria out of a 33-month-old conflict in which well over 100,000 people have been killed.
The Islamic Front “agrees in principle, strategy and goals with the Nusra Front”, the Syrian foreign ministry said, referring to another al Qaeda-linked rebel group that the State Department last year listed as a terrorist organization.
LISTEN: Your browser does not support the audio element.
Socialist Seattle City Councilmember Kshama Sawant drafted a letter this week calling for an immediate end to all U.S. government military aid for Israel.
“I would call this letter balanced in the context of the political situation in Israel and Palestine and also primarily a letter that takes a stand in favor of social justice for everybody,” Sawant told KIRO Radio's Jason Rantz Show.
For an hour Wednesday night, the two debated the larger issues concerning the Israeli war on Hamas in Gaza and who is responsible for the civilian deaths.
Rantz pressed Sawant to acknowledge Hamas as a terrorist organization, but the councilmember refused to concede. Sawant also said she doesn't necessarily believe Hamas is storing weapons in hospitals or schools.
She also defended herself as a councilmember in Seattle taking on an international issue.
“I think there's a moral imperative here to make a point that we have to stand in solidarity with the oppressed everywhere,” Sawant said. “That's why I'm a Socialist.”
Responding to Sawant's letter in an exclusive interview with the Jason Rantz Show, Ron Dermer, Israel's Ambassador to the United States, argued that the councilmember is either ideologically driven or simply misinformed.
“It might be that this particular councilmember doesn't understand what Hamas is,” Dermer told Rantz. “Hamas is a terrorist organization committed to Israel's destruction. They are committed by their charter. The charter calls for the murder of Jews worldwide.”
Dermer said he's confident there are good, moral people in Seattle who will side with Israel once they educate themselves and learn the whole truth.
“The problem is, I think it's attributed sometimes to Mark Twain, I don't know if he actually said it, but they say a lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes,” Dermer said.
In the end, Sawant said the letter is a condemnation of violence.
“I would urge everybody to reach into their hearts and look at this from a humanitarian standpoint. No matter where we are on an ideological plane, no matter what our religious affiliations, I think this is one of those moments of truth where we are called on to set aside political differences to see what can be done to actually end this conflict.”
“When all the facts are known,” said Dermer, “people who rush to judgment against Israel, frankly, I think they will be embarrassed and they'll have to retract a lot of what they said.”
This past weekend, on our way from western Kansas into Denver, we had another illustration of the unflapped competence with which members of the ATC system can perform. What follows are a lot of details, which put in context the audio clip below. If you want to skip the details, the summary point is: this is a little sample of people doing very high-stakes work calmly, and without anyone particularly noticing except for those they're directly dealing with.
During our travels Deb has often mentioned our interest in, and nearly-all-times admiration for, the Air Traffic Controllers with whom we deal. One of her early posts, “Say Souls on Board,” is here ; you can find a collection of others from the past three years here .
Here is background on three fronts:
The permanent landscape . Our destination was Centennial Airport, in Denver, airport code KAPA. Centennial is a very busy, very nice, “reliever” airport on the south side of Denver, near Aurora. It has two big, parallel north-south runways, plus a smaller runway at an east-west angle.
Centennial's big runways, and its relatively flat-land location, make it attractive for aircraft ranging from little piston airplanes like ours to sizable jets. But the airport works within a narrow band of constraints, in this sense:
— Not far west is the front range of the Rockies, which rises up with impressive suddenness.
— Immediately north is the military airspace of Buckley Air Force Base.
— Immediately up is the “Class Bravo” airspace for Denver's main international airport, which it's better to stay out of.
The Buckley AFB airspace goes up to an elevation of 7500 feet; the Denver Class B starts at 8000 feet. Thus the last part of our approach to Centennial was within that 500-foot buffer, at 7700 feet.
.
. Our destination was Centennial Airport, in Denver, airport code KAPA. Centennial is a very busy, very nice, “reliever” airport on the south side of Denver, near Aurora. It has two big, parallel north-south runways, plus a smaller runway at an east-west angle. Centennial's big runways, and its relatively flat-land location, make it attractive for aircraft ranging from little piston airplanes like ours to sizable jets. But the airport works within a narrow band of constraints, in this sense: — Not far west is the front range of the Rockies, which rises up with impressive suddenness. — Immediately north is the military airspace of Buckley Air Force Base. — Immediately up is the “Class Bravo” airspace for Denver's main international airport, which it's better to stay out of. The Buckley AFB airspace goes up to an elevation of 7500 feet; the Denver Class B starts at 8000 feet. Thus the last part of our approach to Centennial was within that 500-foot buffer, at 7700 feet. . The momentary landscape . On the way up from Kansas (where we'd been on a reporting trip, and where we'll return after this week's Aspen Ideas Festival) we'd followed NEXRAD weather displays of a great big thunderstorm in the mountains west of Centennial. The in-cockpit weather display is updated about every six minutes. Cycle by cycle, we could see the storm staying very large, but moving slowly south and east. That took it away from Centennial airport, which left the airport clear, but it still occupied a whole lot of the sky just a few miles to the south.
We were within about ten miles of the airport — just a minute or two before beginning to descend, going through the checklist for landing — and were glad that the storm was far enough away to seem no problem. (If it had been closer, we would have diverted to an airport in the plains east of Denver and waited things out.) The winds at the airport were from the south, so planes were landing from the north, on Centennial's Runways 17 (left and right). This is the route shown more or less by the magenta arrows in the map above, and in more detail here:
. On the way up from Kansas (where we'd been on a reporting trip, and where we'll return after this week's Aspen Ideas Festival) we'd followed NEXRAD weather displays of a great big thunderstorm in the mountains west of Centennial. The in-cockpit weather display is updated about every six minutes. Cycle by cycle, we could see the storm staying very large, but moving slowly south and east. That took it away from Centennial airport, which left the airport clear, but it still occupied a whole lot of the sky just a few miles to the south. We were within about ten miles of the airport — just a minute or two before beginning to descend, going through the checklist for landing — and were glad that the storm was far enough away to seem no problem. (If it had been closer, we would have diverted to an airport in the plains east of Denver and waited things out.) The winds at the airport were from the south, so planes were landing from the north, on Centennial's Runways 17 (left and right). This is the route shown more or less by the magenta arrows in the map above, and in more detail here: The big change. Just as we were getting oriented to land from the north, the Centennial control tower reported a sudden and significant change in the winds. For reasons probably related to the nearby storm, winds at the airport quickly reversed direction. Instead of coming from the south, they started blasting in from the north — and were so strong that it would be risky to land with them as tailwinds. (Simple explanation: the speed with which an airplane meets a runway is its airspeed minus the headwind. If you land at 80 knots airspeed with a 20 knot headwind, you're meeting the runway at 60 knots. But if you land with a 20 knot tailwind, you're meeting the runway at 100 knots, and you could well run out of asphalt before you could stop.)
That's the setup for the air-traffic recording you can hear below. It captures the transmissions from the control tower of a very busy airport, working within a constrained physical and regulatory space, when it all of a sudden has to re-direct a flow of incoming aircraft. The challenge for the controller is to send each airplane somewhere that will keep it out of the others' way, and also away from the thunderstorm (and the mountains), and then sequencing planes one by one for a landing in the opposite direction from what they were expecting.
The orchestration of this complex event is what you hear below. Starting at time 10:50, the controller announces the change in winds. Rather than landing from the north on runways 17 Right and 17 Left, planes are swung around to land the opposite way, on runways 35 Right and 35 Left.
You'll hear a few pilots still on the ground deciding that the sudden strong tailwinds — “11 knots gusting 23 knots” — were within limits for taking off. Then an inbound pilot decides to break off his landing, and the controller directs him for a “go around.” Lots of action happens in the dozen minutes starting around 10:50, with the controller coordinating planes into some orderly queue for getting on the ground.
If you listen late into the recording you'll hear an airplane called “Cirrus 435 Sierra Romeo” get into the action. That's us, with me speaking in a clipped way to minimize air time on a crowded frequency. Near the end of this recording, after I've landed and am I being handed off to the ground-control frequency, I wind up my transmission with a a very quick “good job!” to the controller That was spontaneous by me and not really standard practice, but it was sincere because of the calm synchronization I'd just seen, and been part of.
Here is the clip, via LiveATC.net and the SoundCloud player. (And here is a link to the recording starting at time 10:50.)
***
People may imagine that Air Traffic Control plays a minute-by-minute life-and-death role in keeping planes from falling out of the sky, more or less like in the movie Airplane!. As William Langewiesche explained in this wonderful Atlantic piece from the 1990s, usually it's not that way at all. In most phases of flight, planes cruise along perfectly well on their own. The ATC's most important role for airliners is sequencing them efficiently and safely in and out of the highly congested space at major airports.
Update: For tech screw-up reasons on my end, a version of this piece was initially published last night, and then mysteriously un-published (when an unsaved draft over-wrote it). Thanks to the Atlantic's tech team for retrieving the right version, and sorry for any confusion. Also, Deb may add a post with her account of what this looked like from the right-hand seat as we were being vectored all around.
DOZENS of China's billionaires, millionaires and business executives have disappeared in “state-sanctioned abductions” — only to reappear days or weeks later without explanation — in the past 12 months.
In the latest incident, Chinese-born Canadian tycoon Xiao Jianhua was kidnapped from his luxury apartment in Hong Kong's Four Seasons Hotel by mainland security agents on January 27.
Hong Kong Police investigating the alleged abduction have seized CCTV footage from the hotel which reportedly shows the businessman being escorted from the hotel without a struggle.
The probe is going ahead against the wishes of Mr Xiao's family who fear any intervention may compromise his safety.
According to the South China Morning Post, Mr Xiao's wife fled to Japan after reporting his kidnap to Hong Kong and then retracting it.
Mr Xiao is the most high-profile of a long list of moguls and executives from at least 34 Chinese companies to be seized in bizarre circumstances over the past year alone.
Their disappearances are believed to be linked to China's ongoing anti-corruption campaign, which some critics believe is being used to target President Xi Jinping's political opponents.
Mr Xiao's Beijing-based financial services firm Tommorrow Group posted two comments on its WeChat social media account which were later deleted.
“Regarding the reports on me in recent days, I have to say that I, Xiao Jianhua, have been recovering from an illness outside the country,” one of the posts read.
Advert on front page of Hong Kong newspaper Ming Pao prints statement claiming to be from Xiao Jianhua, was deleted from company's WeChat pic.twitter.com/zMfe0yQGBi — Benjamin Haas 本雅明 (@haasbenjamin) February 1, 2017
The mystery deepened when a front-page advertisement purportedly written by Mr Xiao was published on the front page of the Ming Pao newspaper on Saturday.
“Let there be no misunderstanding!” it said, “it's not true that I've been abducted and taken back to the mainland.”
“I'm a patriotic Overseas Chinese and I've always loved the (ruling Communist) party and the country.”
It remains unclear why Mr Xiao was detained but the case bears chilling similarities to that of Hong Kong bookseller and British passport holder Lee Bo, who vanished in January last year only to turn up in mainland China three months later.
Mr Lee was one of five booksellers who vanished between December 2015 and January 2016, triggering international condemnation and local protests. He later insisted he had crossed the border “voluntarily”.
The five were believed to have been kidnapped by Chinese security forces over plans to publish a series of books critical of the government, including one about the love life of President Xi before he came into power.
Mr Xiao recently denied allegations he fled to Hong Kong in 2014 in a bid to escape the corruption crackdown. The billionaire, nicknamed the Warren Buffett of China, is said to have acted as a broker for President Xi and his family.
Chinese-language news site Bowen Press speculated Mr Xiao could have been connected to an “anti-Xi coalition”.
Hong Kong's security bureau said the government “will not allow non-Hong Kong law enforcement officers to take law enforcement actions in Hong Kong”.
But Democratic Party's James To said there was a “credible suspicion” Hong Kong's “one country, two systems” deal had been breached.
“After the Lee Bo fiasco people are very concerned about whether Hong Kong residents or people lawfully staying in Hong Kong will be protected,” Mr To told AFP.
The South China Morning Post reported that Mr Xiao was currently in mainland China, not receiving medical treatment, and was only in contact with his family.
He had wanted to move some of his businesses to Japan after feeling unsafe in Hong Kong, the Post said.
Missing Chinese billionaire Xiao Jianhua ‘last seen at HK's Four Seasons Hotel' before entering mainland https://t.co/Aili9LjCcS pic.twitter.com/dg0bV5E2M4 — SCMP News (@SCMP_News) January 31, 2017
Wife of 'abducted' billionaire Xiao Jianhua reportedly flees to Japan https://t.co/n0RLUYQCQP via @hongkongfp — Michael Ron Bowling (@mrbcyber) February 2, 2017
Stocks linked to missing Chinese tycoon Xiao Jianhua plunge as mystery deepens https://t.co/gxT5fwCzff pic.twitter.com/1rgWwUqZU2 — SCMP News (@SCMP_News) February 3, 2017
The Canadian consulate said it was aware of the reports and its officials were “in contact” with authorities.
In 2015, Mr Xiao was made “ambassador-at-large” for Antigua and Barbuda, according to news site Caribbean360, which pictured Mr Xiao at the time with the country's prime minister Gaston Browne.
Hong Kong-based analyst Willy Lam said Mr Xiao may have been targeted because he knew “potentially embarrassing details” about financial actions involving major Chinese political clans.
Prominent local lawyer Jean-Francois Harvey said the disappearance of Mr Xiao and other businessmen was highly unsettling.
“People will be questioning whether Hong Kong is a safe haven,” he told the AP. “I think the answer to that question is very, very clear now, sadly.”
China's anti-corruption drive was launched after President Xi took power in 2012 and has brought down government officials and corporate executives.
Billionaire Guo Guangchang, the chairman of one of the country's biggest private-sector conglomerates Fosun, which acquired resort franchise Club Med last year, went missing for several days in December.
When he resurfaced, his company issued a statement saying he had been “assisting in certain investigations carried out by judicial authorities.”
On January 7, retail billionaire Zhou Chengjian also disappeared. His company issued a statement saying it was looking into reports that he had been picked up by the police.
He returned to work 10 days later amid speculation he had been caught up in the anti-corruption campaign.
With AFP
NEW SUIT!
Princess Rowna is Coming Back!
SenshiStock.com Updates
76 full body, professionally photographed, underwater pose references with various themes and props
52 full body photo references featuring two female models shot from a low (31 photos) or high (21 photos) angle. Themes include: casual, zombies/monsters, silly, scared, running away, sitting, cats, cute
33 professionally photographed, full body images of a trained male model using a staff at sunrise on a hill
40 gesturally expressive, full body, female poses
MewnBase on Steam
Group Pack Sale EXTENDED!
I got a zentai suit. It's ridiculous and amazing. I'm going to try to do a shoot with it this weekend, if I can cram it in. See Twitter for some action shots lolWe've scheduled a shoot for Jan 20. She's returning for a full day shoot and I will be hiring Blue (the Group KSer photographer).It's $5 per pose but we will do a few versions of each pose for you. It can be one model (either of us) or both. Please send me a note with detailed information soon so we can make arrangements and clarify any questions. Payments can be accepted via PayPal or Square invoicing.Anyone who is a $2.50+ Patron by the end of January will be receiving a special, exclusive set of 50 poses from this shoot! These poses won't be released anywhere else!Check out the details on my Patreon (Patreon is a site that lets people support content creators for small amounts per month in exchange for perks, rewards, and early access to content!)SenshiStock.com had a bit of a hiccup a few weeks ago with a total server crash. The host we use apparently had nothing backed up. Ugh. I'm STILL finding things that aren't in the right place or need to be uploaded again, so if you run into anything wonky, please let me know. The Sketch App is running. I need to make time to add more poses to it - I know it's gotten a little stale.The currently available packs are: Perspective Duo Pack - another collab withThe Sunrise Staff pack is the next to expire. Patrons are currently voting on the next themed pack which will be up mid-Jan. If you want to subscribe to SenshiStock.com themed packs you can also do that on my Patreon . You will get all the new packs before they are released, plus instant and continued access to all previous packs from the last 3+ years.My husband recently launched his first game on Steam! It's called MewnBase . I named it. It's a base building, resource management, survival game but also you are a cat. Nya.The Group Pose Pack from the Kickstarter shoot was on sale at the end of 2018 but since I was late in getting the sale up, I've extended it into January for you all.It's 200 of the BEST images from the photoshoot last summer with me,, and
Ann Turner Cook's face is iconic, but if you saw the 85-year-old today, you might not have a clue as to who she is. Cook's claim to fame: being the very first “Gerber baby,” a title that has just been snapped up by a new adorable child.
Cook became the face of Gerber when she won their original contest in 1928. Artist Dorothy Hope Smith sketched her portrait for use on their products, and that drawing, which was trademarked in 1931, became a symbol for not only Gerber, but cuteness in general. Yet, it wasn't until 1978 that the brand revealed who Cook was at all.
On Tuesday morning, she appeared on the "Today" show with the newest Gerber Baby, 8-month-old Mary Jane Montoya.
(Story continues below photos.)
The Original Gerber Baby Meets 2012's Winner SEE GALLERY
Mary Jane's parents, Sara and Billy Montoya, told "Today" that they entered Mary Jane in the 2012 Gerber contest (held via Facebook , as opposed to mail like in Cook's day) just a few hours before the deadline. Their baby was selected as the winner out of more than 300,000 other babies, and her prize included of $50,000. Mary Jane's parents say they will put the money away for college. Additionally, Mary Jane will represent Gerber in their 2013 ad campaign.
Cook won't be replaced entirely though. The original Gerber baby face will stand as the brand's logo, for now. And Cook, who is a proud mother of four today, is happy to share the spotlight with baby girl Montoya.
"She is just adorable, and she is a delightful little person," Cook told "Today."
It wasn't long ago we brought you news of an amazing DOLK doll loved by manga artists for its unprecedented 80 moveable parts and surprising elegance and beauty. Now, the company has teamed up with respected manufacturer I.O.S (Immortality of Soul) to bring joy to another legion of fans, this time with a 60-centimetre figurine based on a popular character from the hit anime series Attack on Titan.
As fans will know, this young man's name is Levi, and his following is so huge that pre-sale orders for his doll were filled within just two hours of opening, despite a hefty US$1,200 price tag. We take a closer look at the awesome figure and find out what makes it so special.
As an elite member of the Survey Corps, a group of soldiers charged with the job of defending a walled city against human-eating giants, Levi is decked out with Three Dimensional Maneuver Gear, which includes a set of grapple hooks and a gas mechanism that propels the soldiers through the air.
The company behind the figure has done a sterling job of recreating the character's facial features, including his signature smouldering expression. With a live action movie set to be released in 2015, foreign fans are proposing Edward Furlong play Levi in a foreign movie adaptation.
The face that inspired numerous YouTube makeup tutorials, popular with men and women alike.
The doll is equally impressive even without his cape. No surprise really, as Levi's character has been one of the most popular cosplay characters of 2013, with even tiny toddlers getting in on the act.
Pre-sale orders came with an expected delivery date of 2014 so these action poses will have to do us until buyer reviews start appearing online.
The limited-edition doll comes in a boxed set which includes a full costume, make up, a wig, interchangeable eyes, shoes, two blades, and a certificate of authenticity. Part of the fun will be putting the doll together and bringing him to life with your own hands.
Given his amazing popularity, we hope more Levi figurines will be hitting the market soon. Until then, we can't wait to see what other merchandise lies in store for us. Fingers crossed it's in a more affordable price range!
Source: Dolk Japan
COLORADO SPRINGS, COLO. - Colorado Springs police say one man is hurt and another is behind bars after an accidental shooting.
It happened on the 2600 block of Avalanche Heights on the north side of Colorado Springs around 10 p.m. on Jan. 5th, 2016.
Police say a man had called police to report a shot fired call. When they arrived to the mans house, he said he accidentally fired his gun while he was cleaning it. The bullet had gone through the wall of the apartment and hit his neighbor who was sitting on the couch. The neighbor was taken to the hospital, suffering from non-life threatening injuries, and is expected to be OK.
The man who shot the gun, Frank Dawkins, was arrested for illegal discharge of a firearm and was taken to the El Paso County Criminal Justice center.
Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren is the exact wrong poster child for voting rights.
Coretta Scott King wrote in her four-decades-old letter about Jeff Sessions, the Trump administration's nominee for U.S. attorney general: "Anyone who has used the power of his office as the United States attorney to intimidate and chill the free exercise of the ballot by citizens should not be elevated to our courts."
In this regard, Elizabeth Warren is no different than Sessions.
In 2012, Warren used her power as the big-money insider candidate to steal from the voters the choice between two qualified candidates. I know because I was the other qualified candidate. State law requires a candidate for U.S. Senate in Massachusetts to garner 10,000 certified signatures from voters of the commonwealth, within a small window, during the coldest months of the year.
My grassroots campaign secured 14,600 signatures, many more than required. And in any other state, besides Utah, to my knowledge, that would have been enough. My name would have been on the ballot and Democratic Primary voters would have had a choice. But, the Massachusetts Democratic Party does not believe in choice for voters. It only believes in control and manipulating outcomes.
After signatures, the party requires candidates to go through a Soviet-style convention, wherein party insiders gather and usurp the choice from the voters.
Advertisement
There, they demand that a candidate get 15 percent of the delegates, even though voters already declared their desire to have that person on the ballot. It is the quintessential, "I know better than you" elitism that doomed us to a Trump victory in the U.S. presidential race.
But it wasn't always this way. Michael Dukakis created this disqualifying, rigged convention in 1982 to shut down his competition in his race for governor.
The Massachusetts Democratic Party convention is for one thing only: to shut down outsiders. It is not for democracy. And, 14,600 voters said my name should be on the ballot, but a mere 3,261 party insiders said the voters should be denied a choice on the ballot. And so they were.
Those 3,261 apparatchiks obliterated the will of 14,600 voters and decided the race for approximately 2 million actual voters. What does that say about Democrats' commitment to democracy?
Elizabeth Warren used this process to stomp on another woman, with her paid lobbyists on the convention floor. She didn't have to. She could have called for a nomination from the floor for both of us. She could have honored the voters' declared wishes in having me on the ballot and committed to a competitive primary. Instead, she chose the low road of exclusion and voter choice denial.
A man shuts up a woman on the Senate floor and there's total outrage. A woman shuts up another woman and shuts out voters and there's deafening silence.
Massachusetts Democrats are appalled that Pennsylvania voted for Donald Trump. But you can say this for my childhood home state -- it is an open democracy, not a closed shop. In Pennsylvania, to run for U.S. Senate, a person needs only get 2,000 voter signatures. In Massachusetts, a state half the size, it is 10,000. Get it?
The current Warren outrage may win a media cycle, but Rust Belt voters won't be impressed when they learn of the way she used the bullying tactics of an insider convention to win her Senate seat. Latching onto the queen of ersatz democracy is a bad idea, and Democrats make her their standard bearer at their peril.
I know what Liz supporters and Massachusetts Democrats will say -- the party has a right to make its own rules. Well, maybe. The constitutionality of it hasn't been tested. But even if parties do have a right under the First Amendment's freedom of association clause, should they persist in this farce of democracy? Just because the KKK has a First Amendment right to speak, do we think it's a good thing when they do?
The disqualifying convention is a total affront to the democratic process. Massachusetts Democrats should be truly bold, trust in the voters, and rid themselves of this scourge. If they don't, Donald Trump will use it to trounce his way to victory in 2018 and 2020, using the state party to stain every Democratic candidate as anti-voter, anti-democracy and anti-American.
Marisa DeFranco is an immigration lawyer from Middleton.
The disappearance of a Malaysian jetliner is an "unprecedented aviation mystery", a senior official said on Monday, the third day of a massive air and sea search to find any confirmed trace of the plane or the 239 people aboard.
The head of Malaysia's Civil Aviation Authority, Azharuddin Abdul Rahman, said a hijacking attempt could not be ruled out as investigators explore all theories for the loss of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 en route to Beijing.
"Unfortunately we have not found anything that appears to be objects from the aircraft, let alone the aircraft," he told a news conference.
"As far as we are concerned, we have to find the aircraft, we have to find a piece of the aircraft if possible."
As dozens of ships and aircraft from seven countries scoured the seas around Malaysia and south of Vietnam, questions mounted over possible security lapses and whether a bomb or hijacking attempt could have brought down the Boeing 777-200ER airliner.
The passenger manifest issued by the airline included the names of two Europeans - Austrian Christian Kozel and Italian Luigi Maraldi - who were not on the plane.
Their passports had been stolen in Thailand during the past two years.
An Interpol spokeswoman said a check of all documents used to board the plane had revealed more "suspect passports", which were being investigated.
"Whilst it is too soon to speculate about any connection between these stolen passports and the missing plane, it is clearly of great concern that any passenger was able to board an international flight using a stolen passport listed in Interpol's databases," Interpol Secretary General Ronald Noble said.
Hopes for a breakthrough rose briefly when Vietnam scrambled helicopters to investigate a floating yellow object it was thought could have been a life raft.
But the country's Civil Aviation Authority said on its website that the object turned out to be a "moss-covered cap of a cable reel".
Flight MH370 disappeared from radar screens in the early hours of Saturday, about an hour into its flight from Kuala Lumpur, after climbing to a cruising altitude of 35,000ft.
No signs
A US Navy P-3 aircraft capable of covering 1,500 sq miles every hour was sweeping the northern part of the Strait of Malacca, on the other side of the Malaysian peninsula from where the last contact with MH370 was made.
"Our aircraft are able to clearly detect small debris in the water, but so far it has all been trash or wood," said US 7th Fleet spokesman Commander William Marks in an emailed statement.
No distress signal was sent from the lost plane, which experts said suggested a sudden catastrophic failure or explosion, but Malaysia's air force chief said radar tracking showed it may have turned back from its scheduled route before it disappeared.
A senior source involved in preliminary investigations in Malaysia told Reuters news agency the failure to quickly find any debris indicated the plane may have broken up mid-flight, which could disperse wreckage over a very wide area.
"The fact that we are unable to find any debris so far appears to indicate that the aircraft is likely to have
disintegrated at around 35,000 feet," said the source.
On the surface, 2015's Kingsman: The Secret Service might not look like a particularly political movie. Director Matthew Vaughn's adaptation of the comic book by Mark Millar and Dave Gibbons is an exuberant, cartoonishly violent spy romp that sends up both James Bond and superhero films, depicting a world in which a band of well-dressed, well-trained superspies fight dastardly villains on behalf of the common good.
Yet once you watch it, it's difficult to see it as anything else. In both story and sensibility, it may be that no recent big-budget film leans more overtly to the right in its politics: This is a movie that gives explicit, approving nods to both Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan (a component from the Strategic Defense Initiative figures heavily into the denouement); that pits its heroes against a wealthy coastal tech mogul who is obsessed with global warming; and that unravels a plot between the world's financial and intellectual elites to kill off most of the world's population in order to save the planet from the threat of climate change. It is literally a movie about how environmentalism is a secret plot by liberal elites to kill off billions of ordinary people.
Just in case you didn't fully grasp the movie's outlook, it includes a scene in which the villain convinces President Obama — or, according to Vaughn, an actor on a White House set who is intended to be “reminiscent” of the former president — to go along with the plan. At the end, in a moment of triumph for the heroes, the pseudo-Obama's head explodes, along with the heads of the rest of the world's villainous, self-dealing elites.
Released in February 2015, as the most recent presidential race was still in the preliminary stages and most observers assumed that Donald Trump would never run, much less win the GOP nomination and the presidency, Kingsman: The Secret Service nonetheless channels something like the energy that eventually resulted in Trump's upset victory. It wasn't a warning, exactly, but in retrospect it's hard not to see it as an early sign of the nascent populist fervor that helped power him to the presidency.
In many ways, the film — and to a lesser extent its new sequel, The Golden Circle — offer a political snapshot in pop culture form. Not of conservatism as a whole, but of a particular strain of right-of-center thinking that has been ascendant over the past few years, one that is vulgar, snarky, populist, and defined more by what it's against than what it is for. Taken together, the two films reveal what animates this part of the conservative movement, and what ails it.
Kingsman is not a message movie, but it exhibits a populist anti-politics worldview
It would be a mistake to treat the first Kingsman as an argument. It doesn't act as a brief for any particular political point of view. Yet many of the habits and hang-ups of the modern conservative movement are embedded in its DNA.
For example, like many of today's conservatives, the film traffics in a kind of cartoony 1980s nostalgia. The references to Reagan and Thatcher come across not only as approving nods to conservative heroes of the Cold War era but also as contrasts with the feckless contemporary elites the movie casts as its villains.
Yet the movie offers little sense of what those leaders stood for; it puts forward a celebratory but somewhat shallow form of pop-Reaganism, the idea that the leaders of that time were great and strong and noble, without any sense of what they did or why. It is almost certainly too much to ask for a detailed history lesson from what is essentially a light superhero film, yet the sense of free-floating admiration for the conservative politicians of the 1980s reflects the ways in which segments of the right have become disconnected from the actual records and achievements of their political heroes.
At the same time, it indulges in a familiar anti-elitism, one that views politicians, corporate titans, and the environmentalist ethos as a kind of scam perpetrated on the public. The wealthy and the politically powerful are shown in fancy clothes and homes, separated from the concerns of everyday people and unconcerned with their welfare. Secret Service's chief antagonist, Valentine (Samuel L. Jackson), is a stylish, effete internet mogul who speaks with a lisp; he is squeamish about violence, even though he plans to perpetrate the largest act of mass murder in history. He is insulated, in other words, from the suffering he aims to cause. And President Obama — or his likeness, anyway — is, of course, a partner with tech titans, the global political class, and other elites.
At the heart of Kingsman's worldview, then, is a form of populist anti-politics, one that simply assumes that political elites are distant, stupid, venal, cynical, awful, and entirely uninterested in — and perhaps actively aligned against — the lives of ordinary people. It is a slyly political film that it is intensely disdainful of the very idea of politics.
Kingsman is not a message movie. It is not designed to convince its viewers, or to sell anyone on a particular ideology. Indeed, at times it almost seems be trolling, like a highly sophisticated, $80 million adaptation of a Reddit thread. Heads explode in colorful, musically choreographed fireworks; Valentine serves a dinner of expensive wine and McDonald's Big Macs; there's a show-stopping, utterly bonkers sequence in which one of the heroes, under the influence of Valentine, murders an entire church full of congregants in rural Kentucky; the film closes with a gag about a particular sex act with a blonde Swedish princess. This unapologetically R-rated film has no interest in the more scolding forms of right-wing moralism; its populism is distinctly secular and post-religious.
Its comic sensibility blends droll wit, violent surprise, winking juvenile hijinks, and vulgar scatological humor. It is wildly, deliriously outrageous — a movie that constantly threatens to go too far, and frequently does. Indeed, its willingness to do so is part of its appeal.
The first Kingsman's high-low dynamic gave it a moral center that the new sequel loses sight of
Yet what keeps Kingsman's wilder impulses in check, and what makes it such an enjoyably electric experience, is the way it offsets its vulgarity with a distinctly British appeal to manners, competence, selflessness, tact, and propriety — when it's called for.
Much of the first movie is built around the lessons that superspy Harry Hart (Colin Firth) teaches to his young, ill-mannered protégé Eggsy (Taron Egerton). Harry quotes the old adage that “Manners maketh the man,” and then spends much of the movie teaching Eggsy what that means. In addition to more conventional spy training, there are lessons in how to dress and how to eat a formal meal — how, in other words, to behave in polite society. And part of that means refusing to ever look down on others. “There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self,” Harry says. In broad strokes, it is a coming-of-age story about the making of a proper English gentleman.
The expertly balanced high-low dynamic is part of what makes Kingsman: The Secret Service so surprising and entertaining; it's a gutter romp in a tailored suit. That mix, and the jolts it provides, is also what gives the movie a moral center. As unruly as it sometimes gets, it is restrained by the way it always insists on dignity and decency, on true selfless virtue rather than the flimsy, self-serving brand indulged by the movie's unkind elites.
The Golden Circle maintains much of the first's film's gonzo energy. The violence is still both cartoonish and horrific. The humor still blends low adolescent vulgarity with spy movie satire and sophisticated sci-fi sight gags. If you've ever wanted to see Elton John dressed in a feather suit fighting off rechargeable robot guard dogs, this is a movie for you.
The blunt populist political sentiments are still there too: In the second movie (spoilers ahead), the villain is Poppy (Julianne Moore), an international drug dealer who holds millions of drug users for ransom by poisoning the illegal drug supply. After offhandedly declaring the United Nations useless, she negotiates with the president of the United States — this time a generic presidential type played by Bruce Greenwood — who agrees to pay a ransom in exchange for the antidote, part of which includes legalizing all drugs.
But he has no plans to actually play along. Instead, he decides to lock up the contagious users and let them die, on the logic that it will rid the world of the scourge of drug use forever. “This presidency has just won the war on drugs!” he exclaims. Once again, the movie sets up a global conspiracy in which the world's political and business elites have effectively teamed up to destroy the lives of ordinary people.
For the most part, I rather enjoyed Golden Circle's giddy antics, its creative vulgarity, and its lampooning of the war on drugs and the cynical way that politicians exploit it for political gain. It works hard to surprise, shock, and entertain, and it frequently succeeds on all counts. But what I missed this time around was the underlying sense of honor and decency that helped keep the original from simply being an extended sneer.
So just as The Secret Service seemed to capture many of the sentiments of the populist right in the moments before Trump made his mark, The Golden Circle seems to take its cues from the way it has transitioned and transformed under Trump's ascendency. The energy is similar, but both the movie and the movement have lost their sense of values; they know what they're against, but not what they're for.
The Scottish Socialist Party is a proud advocate of a world-class, fare-free public transport system for Scotland.
Transport has undergone enormous changes in recent decades, both in Scotland and across the world. Some have been cyclical: in Scotland's capital, trams were built, dismantled, and then reintroduced. In other areas, we have seen consistent trends like the steady deregulation and privatisation of services, which has left Edinburgh as the sole city in Scotland with a municipal bus operator.
Rail fares across the UK have soared in comparison to those of our European neighbours, and Scottish transport contracts go out to tender in a farcical franchise system whereby public sector companies in other countries can bid for control while those in Scotland are effectively barred.
Scotland, the country which gave the world the pedal bicycle and the pneumatic tyre, now has a public transport network which is broadly unfit for purpose.
Massive changes have to be made to ensure that our public transport network is not only of a standard befitting the people of Scotland, but one that is adapted to our environmental and economic needs – challenging climate change while connecting communities and creating jobs through enhanced mobility.
We call unashamedly for the integration of services – whether bus, rail, ferry, underground or tram – under publicly-owned and democratically-run operators.
The Scottish Socialist Party is brave enough to identify these changes. We call unashamedly for the integration of services – whether bus, rail, ferry, underground or tram – under publicly-owned and democratically-run operators.
But the bravest step we can take as a nation to totally transform the way we travel is to support the international movement for free public transport and become pioneers of true freedom of movement for working class people.
There is a strong economic, social, and environmental case for adopting this policy throughout the country. There is also precedent from successful fare-free public transport schemes in parts of France, Germany, Belgium, and Estonia as well as far-flung cities in China and the United States. We have evidence of the policy's affordability and benefit.
I would put to sceptics that the prospect of free healthcare was once unthinkable. With the creation of NHS Scotland in 1948, hundreds of thousands of people gained access to essential medical care for the first time; the positive impact on Scottish society has been immense. The threat of privatisation and marketisation is a terrifying prospect for many.
In the same spirit that the NHS was created over half a century ago, we can come together to build a public transport system that works for everyone. We can tackle poverty and social exclusion by extending access across urban and rural Scotland; this will be a financial relief for workers, parents and carers on low incomes, and make it even easier for families to switch from road trips to more eco-friendly bus rides and train journeys.
Building free transport links between rural communities even brings forward the possibility of economic regeneration in the Highlands, the Scottish Borders, and rural Fife, where greater interconnectivity and public investment could instigate growth and begin to reverse the exodus of young people from small towns and villages.
Free transport is neither easy nor cheap, nor can it alone transform Scotland. However, as part of a comprehensive socialist strategy, it can radically change the conditions of Scottish workers and help realise the full potential of totally under-utilised modes of transport.
The SSP has a good track record of winning others to our ideas. We championed free prescriptions in Holyrood and led the broad-based campaign to tackle poverty through the provision free school meals. We are committed supporters of universalism and pioneered many policies which were later taken up by the mainstream parties.
Free transport is yet another distinctive SSP policy with ambition, vision and a firm footing in the needs and aspirations of Scotland. It is a policy whose implementation is not only possible, but increasingly necessary – addressing the pressing ecological crisis facing the world as well as the acute issues of poverty and exclusion at home.
These are among the reasons why free transport proposals are becoming more and more popular across Europe. Many in Scotland point to more affordable and efficient public transport systems in countries like Germany to highlight the shortcomings of our own – but to seek merely to emulate them is to limit our ambition, as proven by the spirited HVV umsonst! campaigners now pushing to scrap fares in Germany's second-largest city.
In Sweden, anarchist initiative Planka.nu takes a particularly brazen approach to free transport campaigning by encouraging members of the public to leap ticket barriers, while operating a shared pool of funds to pay off any subsequent fines for its members.
Free transport is […] an innovative solution to an intersection of problems
Even in Scotland, understanding and appetite for the policy is slowly building. Scottish Green activists came close to persuading the rest of their party to back the progressive policy when it was revisited at their 2014 party conference.
It is often easier in politics to identify problems than solutions. For the SSP, free transport is a valuable idea that carries great potential as an innovative solution to an intersection of problems. For this reason, it is a policy that socialists will develop and promote further in the run-up to next year's Scottish Parliament election.
Connor Beaton is the branch organiser of Dundee SSP. He serves on the SSP's Executive Committee.
Image caption Now you see it: Spot anything out of place? No? Look more closely at the bus shelter. The structure and advert were added in post-production.
One of the great dilemmas facing the TV and film industry is just how to make money out of a cheapskate audience, who are often not willing to pay for programming or watch adverts.
Viewers have many more options than just nipping off for a cup of tea during ad breaks these days.
They can record programmes and then skip the adverts - or far too often simply download them illegally.
Banner ads and pop ups online tend to be annoying and are often ignored.
But if you, the viewer, won't watch adverts voluntarily then beleaguered TV, movie and advertising executives need to find a way of taking that choice away.
Image caption You can call me KITT: US television show Knight Rider helped Pontiac sell many more Trans Ams
One emerging technology that could be a solution is digital product placement.
Of course, product placement isn't new; Pontiac would not have sold nearly as many Trans Ams if that had not been David Hasselhoff's crime-fighting car of choice in the 1980s phenomenon, Knight Rider.
Recently Heineken scored a coup by persuading James Bond to choose its beer over a vodka martini in Skyfall.
However, digital placement is fundamentally different in that the product you see on screen was never there in the first place.
Editors can drop whatever they like, wherever they like, into programmes or films during the post-production process.
Places please
Digital placement firm MirriAd has taken advantage of the growing appetite for this service, having just raised £3.6m from investors led by Indian media tycoon Subhash Chandra.
Image caption In the original scene from Australian soap Home and Away the bus shelter is missing
"These are not just logos, they can be video, signage and products, even cars," explains Mark Popkiewicz, the company's chief executive.
"When brands are integrated they are placed in such a way so it is clear to the audience that they were always there and are part of the scene.
"For example beverages are placed as open cans or bottles with glasses containing the beverage alongside - that way they look like they are being consumed.
"The technology is capable of placing or replacing moving objects and even replacing products being handled by actors like mobile phones," he says.
Mr Popkiewicz believes there is a key psychological reason his solution could cheer up impecunious film and advertising executives.
"Early trials show almost double the engagements of traditional campaigns," he says.
"This is because when a consumer watches a show they are not 'defensive' against advertising as they might be with advertising online or commercials on TV - they are in 'receive mode' and are not blocking."
He insists there is no element of subliminal influence, which can be both legally and socially unacceptable, saying the whole point is the images are "present and impactful" to make them work.
Blanket coverage
Being digital, you won't be surprised to hear the process doesn't stop with merely showing you an image.
Car manufacturer Lancia recently ran a campaign to support the launch of its new Ypsilon Methane in Italy.
Viewers of Cerco Casa Disperatamente, a house hunting show, might have noticed the car appearing on signage, PC monitors, and magazines - all of which was added in post production.
But if they also had the dedicated 'Lancia INTERACT TV' app on their smartphone an inaudible soundtrack from the TV would activate the device offering promotions related to the car.
Image caption In this scene from Cerco Casa Disperatamente the advertisement on the grass to the left has been added later
Maurizio Sala, creative director at Bitmama, led the project.
"Recent data shows that the majority of viewers (aged 18-44) use a second screen, either a tablet or smartphone, while watching TV," he says.
"This use is mainly for activities related to the programme, such as voting and purchasing of products, or to social media activities.
"Our aim was to provide the viewer with an integrated two-screen experience to qualify brands through real-time content experience."
Of course these days viewers not only want something for nothing, they increasingly want content tailored to them.
This could mean that if you and your neighbour are watching the same programme, different items might be embedded on the same show to suit your individual tastes.
"In principle this is possible today, but the costs of creating and personalising the adverts would outweigh potential gains in terms of effectiveness," says Adam Fulford, strategy and planning director at digital branding consultancy Rufus Leonard.
The time will come though when the adverts inserted could be as personalised as a piece of direct mail Adam Fulford, Rufus Leonard
"The time will come though when the adverts inserted could be as personalised as a piece of direct mail.
"Whether this adds value for consumers and improves effectiveness remains to be seen and depends entirely on how it is deployed."
Reality bites
A more benign regulatory environment across the world has helped the industry.
One of the latest markets to allow it is the UK, which only deregulated in spring 2011.
MirriAd now operates in 20 markets, with particular interest from those with higher GDP growth, including Brazil and India.
Philip Hughes, associate at the media, brands and technology team at lawyers Lewis Silkin, warns different territories still have very different rules
"Ensuring legal compliance across multiple jurisdictions can be expensive, risky and time-consuming," he says.
"The expense of ensuring compliance may far outweigh the benefit of such activity, so contractually avoiding responsibility and liability for such clearance should be considered."
All of which begs the question: can we trust our eyes any more?
Mr Popkiewicz points out that 'brand integration' is not used in news and current affairs or in children's programming.
He also points out that sitcoms, reality TV, games shows and music videos are, at the end of the day, designed to entertain.
"Entertainment content on TV, like film and online content is produced," he argues.
"It is story-telling and is supported by a range of standard industry processes such as editing and visual effects which create the required visual impact the director requires.
"It is real in so far as the audience is immersed in the content, the brands playing an important part in making the content more real."
Reality, it seems, is all relative.
Conservatives protest IRS proposal to define political activity Share This:
Cleta Mitchell speaks to the Conservative Political Action Conference. (Photo credit: Gage Skidmore via Flickr)
Nonprofit organizations that would come under greater scrutiny under a proposed Internal Revenue Service rule defining political activity are organizing letter-writing campaigns against the proposal, including one campaign led by a GOP election law attorney who has been one of the agency's biggest critics.
An analysis based on the Sunlight Foundation's Docket Wrench tool shows that some of the more than 20,000 comments the agency has logged from individuals and organizations on Regulations.gov appear to be part of organized campaigns. The deadline for filing comments is Feb. 27.
More than 300 comments contain similar language to this alert put out by this website, “Protect C4 Speech.” While the website does not provide any identifying language, this report by Peter Overby of National Public Radio links it to NumbersUSA, a group that pushes for restrictive immigration policies. Like many nonprofit advocacy groups, NumbersUSA operates both a 501(c)3 charity arm and a 501(c)4 advocacy arm.
Another identifiable cluster of more than two dozen comments were inspired by this alert from the group True the Vote, which is represented by longtime election GOP election expert Cleta Mitchell, of the law firm Foley and Lardner. “This rule change is an attempt to silence critics of incumbent administrations and is a tactic to reduce voter backlash,” is part of the suggested language.
True the Vote, a Texas-based organization dedicated to uncovering voter fraud, got approval of its nonprofit 501(c)3 status from the IRS last September after Mitchell brought a lawsuit on behalf of the group. The group, which grew out of the Tea Party movement, sends volunteers to the polls at election time to find identify voters that its members believe may be violating the law. It first filed for status in 2010; in its lawsuit, filed in May 2013 when Washington was consumed by an inspector general report charging that the agency targeted conservative groups, claimed it had come under greater scrutiny because of its “conservative policy positions and affiliation with Tea Party organizations.”
While the initial controversy has quieted down amidst reports that the IRS also targeted liberal groups for scrutiny, Mitchell has kept up the drumbeat and is now organizing opposition to the IRS' proposed rules. She is the lead contact person on these talking points posted by the Center for Competitive Politics, a group that opposes campaign finance reform.
“[W]hat the IRS is proposing in these regulations is to make permanent the terrible things the IRS has been doing to silence and restrict the First Amendment activities of the tea party and conservative groups since late 2009—2010,” Mitchell told Sunlight via an email exchange. She added she was working on substantive comments to the IRS on the rules from groups and would be pursuing “strange bedfellows” joint comments from both liberal and conservative groups on the impact of the rules.
While most of the outrage against the proposed regulations appears to come from the conservative wing at this point, some liberal groups are critics as well. Nan Aron, president of the Alliance for Justice, which provides technical assistance to progressive nonprofit groups doing advocacy work, said on release of the proposal last November, “Though the new definitions attempt to clarify existing rules, they also create a danger to citizen participation in our democracy.” Spokesman Richard Wexler said that the group was working on its formal comments to the IRS and would submit them soon.
The Sunlight Foundation has editorialized in favor of the IRS proposal, with some qualifications, and plans to file comments on the rule. “An update to the IRS's rules on the political activities of social welfare organizations is long overdue,” wrote Sunlight's lobbyist, Lisa Rosenberg last November. “Both parties are playing the dark money game, taking advantage of lax rules around social welfare organizations to hide political spending.”
Other regs getting attention
Other regulatory actions getting attention this week include:
Researchers, based in Ireland and Britain, have found the complete mitochondrial DNA genome sequence of ancient wild cattle using a sample from a 6,700 year-old bone.
They assembled the mitochondrial DNA sequence from the well-preserved foreleg bone of an aurochs, originally discovered in a cave in Derbyshire. The team's findings are published in this latest issue of the journal PLoS ONE.
The researchers, from University College Dublin, Trinity College, Dublin, Oxford University and Sheffield and Leeds Universities, extracted the DNA using recently developed DNA sequencing technology. This new DNA sequencing method can extract vast amounts of genetic information very rapidly and was performed at the UCD Conway Institute of Biomolecular and Biomedical Research at University College Dublin.
The mitochondrial DNA genome sequence traces maternal inheritance but the researchers hope the next stage will be to assemble the full nuclear DNA genome of the aurochs. The researchers' success in determining the first mitochondrial genome sequence raises hopes of reopening the Ancient Biomolecules Centre at the University of Oxford. The centre was mothballed in 2005 but, to further develop this research project at Oxford, the team needs specially filtered laboratories to prevent ancient samples being contaminated by modern DNA.
Co-author Dr Ceiridwen Edwards, a researcher in Ancient DNA Studies at Oxford University, said: 'This finding heralds what we hope will be the start of a very exciting project to explore the evolutionary history of aurochs and modern cattle. We used newly developed DNA technologies that allow us to extract genetic information much more quickly than we have previously been able to do. This area of research could have implications not only for archaeologists but also for farmers engaged in modern day cattle rearing. In time, we hope to work on sequencing the DNA genomes of thousands of ancient cattle breeds.'
Co-author Professor David MacHugh from University College Dublin said: 'Our results demonstrate the incredible promise that next-generation DNA sequencing holds for archaeogenetics.'
Previous studies have suggested that ancient aurochs, which lived in the Near East (modern day Iran, Iraq and Syria) and across Europe and Asia, are the ancestor of modern cattle. However, comparisons of European aurochs mitochondrial DNA with modern European cattle suggests that the level of cross-breeding between domestic cattle and the wild, fierce European aurochs must have been very low.
Professor Mark Pollard, Director of Oxford University's Research Laboratory for Archaeology and the History of Art, said: 'We need more research into ancient DNA if we are to complete the jigsaw of evolutionary development, not only of cattle but also other species. In the long term, we hope that an Oxford led team could conduct an ambitious DNA project into the migration of plants, livestock and humans across Britain, from the end of the Ice Age to the modern day.'
You'll want to pull over the next time your phone is guiding you to the closest Starbucks or In&Out Burger in California.
A California appellate court has ruled that using the GPS or mapping functionality on a phone is a moving violation, on par with driving while texting. Steven Sriggs, the defendant in the case, was pulled over for using a phone while operating a motor vehicle, but he wasn't texting or making a call - he was looking at a map.
The court has now ruled that since Spriggs was, as the law states, "using a wireless telephone" and that it wasn't "configured to all hands-free listening or talking" the action was illegal.
"This case requires us to determine whether using a wireless phone solely for its map application function while driving violates Vehicle Code section 23123. We hold that it does," the California v. Spriggs court ruling reads.
RELATED: Drivers Know Cellphone Use Dangerous, but Drive and Phone Anyway
The court ruled that any activity on the phone that could be distracting to a driver falls under the law. "Our review of the statute's plain language leads us to conclude that the primary evil sought to be avoided is the distraction the driver faces when using his or her hands to operate the phone," the ruling reads. "That distraction would be present whether the wireless telephone was being used as a telephone, a GPS navigator, a clock or a device for sending and receiving text messages and emails."
A National Highway and Traffic Safety Adminstration survey released last week revealed that while many drivers know It's dangerous to use electronic devices behind the wheels, many do it anyway. Texting and driving is currently outlawed in 39 states and the District of Columbia. April is National Distracted Driving Awareness Month.
2016 Big 10 Hockey Playoff Preview
The Big 10 Conference has their year end tournament all crammed into a single weekend. Despite Minnesota being the top seed, Elo actually ranks Michigan higher (as well as PairWise and the USCHO poll). As a result, Michigan is actually given the best odds of winning the tournament by far with a 42.73% percent chance.
The following table shows the odds of each team still being around after each round. Note that the top two teams have a first round bye, and therefore a 100% chance of advancing to the semifinals.
Quarterfinals Semifinals Finals Minnesota 100 59.09 28.04 Michigan 100 69.37 42.73 Penn State 63.74 22.19 10.28 Ohio State 61.72 27.94 11.99 Michigan State 38.28 12.98 4.18 Wisconsin 36.26 8.45 2.79
With Minnesota currently ranked 20th by USCHO, 17th by PairWise, and 18th by Elo it is likely that winning the tournament is the only way for any Big 10 team besides Michigan to reach the NCAA playoffs.
CC/Flickr/Nick Perla Fifty-nine percent of American Indian adults are smokers compared to 16 percent of all Minnesota adults.
A lifestyle practice among American Indians around the state has resulted in a “public health crisis.” What is it?
The use of cigarettes, cigars, chewing tobacco, pipes and snuff, according to what's described as the most comprehensive state-wide data in the country of the behaviors, attitudes and beliefs related to tobacco use among American Indians.
The Tribal Tobacco Use Project Survey, released to MinnPost, contains the responses of 3,000 American Indians 18 years and older on seven reservations in Minnesota and in urban Indian communities in Duluth and Hennepin and Ramsey counties. The project started in 2009.
Source: Tribal Tobacco Use Project Survey American Indians in all age groups smoked at a higher rate than the general population.
Among its findings:
Fifty-nine percent of American Indian adults are smokers compared to 16 percent of all Minnesota adults. That figure is significantly different from past random sample surveys putting use in the 40-percent range.
Twenty-two percent of American Indian adults have never been regular smokers, compared to 57 percent of all adults in the state.
Sixty-two percent of American Indians who smoke want to quit and 48 percent tried to quit smoking in the past year.
Cigarette smoking is more than two-fold higher in every age group among American Indian adults than Minnesota adults overall.
Findings show much higher death rates of American Indians than the Minnesota population as a whole for smoking-related diseases.
Source: Tribal Tobacco Use Project Survey American Indians suffer from higher rates of mortality for smoking-related disease than the general popuation.
For instance, the heart disease rate is 1.5 times higher than the population as a whole, the diabetes rate three times higher and American Indian men in the survey have the highest rates of lung cancer in Minnesota.
'Public health crisis'
“There is no question as to this gap. It's huge, it's a public health crisis,” said Jean Forster, who heads up the science part of the study, has a PhD and works for the School of Public Health at the University of Minnesota.
The 59 percent usage rate is “much higher” than anything reported here before, she told me, but she and others suggest the findings reflect a different survey approach.
Past standardized surveys were random and done by telephone. In this study American Indians were trained to do surveys face to face with their peers, a method thought to be more culturally acceptable to the group.
The study results from a collaborative partnership between the American Indian Community Tobacco Projects, the American Indian Policy Center in West St. Paul and an “oversight group” of American Indians from across the state. It is funded by ClearWay Minnesota, an independent, Minnesota non-profit organization working to improve the health of all by reducing tobacco use and exposure to secondhand smoke.
The study also acknowledges use of tobacco in sacred rituals but does not include those smokers in its smoking rates. Almost three-fourths of participants reported having used tobacco “for ceremonial prayer or in a sacred way.”
Accepted practice
The study shows smoking within the American Indian community here is accepted practice, explains John Poupart, Anishinaabe and president of the American Indian Policy Center.
“It's a matter of lifestyle, values and beliefs of the people,” and until now with these study results, its “debilitating health effect really hasn't been a common conversation,'' Poupart said.
That should change, given the involvement in the project of tribal leaders with this study, he said. Each participating tribe also received study results. Forster is helping spread the results of the study to public health and science communities as well.
Poupart suggests more culturally-appropriate messaging techniques may be needed to discourage smoking.
“I don't tell anybody to stop smoking,'' he said, because that is not respectful of Indian tradition.
In the Indian community, he said, “behavior is relational. You see and you do. If people around you are trying to quit and failing that sort of sets the tone that it is OK to try and OK to fail.''
Still, he sees signs of change. “It's OK now to not smoke. People have come to disallow smoking in their homes and cars,'' he said. There are more non-smoking areas on reservations. Some tribes encourage use of traditional red willow bark with other plants and bark for spiritual practices or Indian tobacco grown for the purpose and discourage use of commercial tobacco.
The study reports that 61 percent of American Indian men smoke and 57 percent of American Indian women smoke, though one positive result shows a growing number of young adults 18 to 24 have never smoked.
“As Jean says, this is a wake-up call to the tribal leaders,'' Poupart said.
The numbers caught the attention, too, of state officials.
Jackie Dionne, director of American Indian Health for the Minnesota Department of Health and a former smoker, says the survey demonstrates that smoking-cessation strategies used so far simply are not working successfully in the American Indian community.
She said high smoking rates in American Indian, African-American and refugee populations are to be expected.
“Populations that have been highly traumatized historically and today, they have higher rates of depression and anxiety. When you have those one thing that alleviates, immediately, that feeling, is nicotine.'' Drug and alcohol addiction are related to trauma as well, she said.
History of trauma
American Indians, noted Dionne, who is from the Turtle Mountain Chippewa tribe, have a documented history of trauma caused by the dominant culture, including being left to starve, being put into boarding schools and having their land taken from them.
There is a generational effect to that trauma, she said, lessening with each generation as people gain housing and jobs to care for their families and young adults learn good parenting skills.
Dionne says the state is about to launch an eight-month conversation with all concerned to determine better strategies for helping American Indians successfully break harmful smoking habits and realign State Health Improvement Program dollars to help in that effort.
American sign language interpreter Lydia Callis became an overnight sensation when she worked with New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg last fall during Superstorm Sandy. Though interpreting vital information for the deaf community, her vibrant nature, strong facial expressions and seemingly dramatic gestures appeared humorous to some non-signing viewers. Loads of satirical YouTube videos, a spoof on "Saturday Night Live," and a mention on "The Daily Show" soon followed.
Callis, however, was not dismayed. She has used her newfound fame to bring positive attention and advocacy to the deaf community.
"What I realized throughout all that is that the general population doesn't know much about deafness, or deaf culture or the language, and I think that's why it was such a novelty to everyone," she said.
Callis' mom, three younger siblings and two nieces are all deaf.
"I'm the only hearing person, which is rare," she said. "Usually it's one deaf in a family and the rest are hearing but in my family, it's the opposite."
Sign language was her first language.
"Growing up in a deaf family was unique, to say the very least. It was my culture, it was what I learned," she said. "Even to the point where we would be silent for days because we would just communicate with each other through sign language.
"Sometimes I would act like I was deaf, just so I could see what it feels like to be them and put earplugs in and just sign all day with them," Callis said. "And even go out to a restaurant with them and just sign. And when telling them my order, just doing it all through pointing at things on the menu or writing it down on a piece of paper and communicating with people that way, just so I could feel closer to my family."
Callis, who earned a bachelor's degree in ASL English Interpretation from the National Technical Institute for the Deaf, in Rochester, N.Y., stresses that deaf people can do everything hearing people can, they just do not do it through a spoken language.
"I noticed that people have a hard time disconnecting from that," she said. "They really think that they are disabled but they're not. Especially with today's technologies -- the cell phone has definitely helped big time because you can just write messages in there and communicate through that way.
"All in all I think that it shows that hearing people need to try to include deaf people more in their daily events and daily life things that they do and even going out and learning the language, because so many people look at it as a disability, that they can't do something, but they can, and it would just be great to be able to learn the language," she said. "It's a beautiful language that is silent."
It's not often that Indian space scientists chuck out precious cargo from their rockets, but will try their hand at it soon, albeit in the name of safety. Safety? Certainly, of the crew, when the space agency gets a formal go-ahead from the government for the departure of two Indians on a journey into Space onboard an Indian rocket. An upcoming test will demonstrate how the crew could bail out safely in case a snag threatens to spell a disastrous end, just minutes after the rocket zooms from the Sriharikota range — the country's spaceport near Chennai. “We are getting ready for the pad abort test. It will happen soon,” says A.S. Kiran Kumar, Chairman, Isro. Simply put, the test flight will show how fast the crew could punch out from the rocket in the event of an emergency, thus avoiding a repetition of the disaster which wrecked US space shuttle Columbia, and resulted in the death of seven crew members including mission specialist Kalpana Chawla.
Simultaneously, Indian Space scientists are getting their act together for this ambitious mission, designing space suits, an environmental control and life support system on board the spacecraft, and a host of other critical systems needed for a safe journey of Vyomanauts. All these systems and their tests will be completed before GSLV-III, the most powerful rocket designed by India, is “human-rated” or declared safe for a journey into Space by Indians. Current projections indicate the first journey of Indians onboard an indigenous rocket and from India soil could be in 2020-21.
Incidentally, all these critical systems and their tests are being accomplished with an infinitesimal part of the Rs 12,500 crore allocation sought by ISRO for the human spaceflight (HSF) programme. Reason: the government has maintained that it is not an “approved programme” and therefore, a small amount of about Rs 100 crore has been sanctioned for pre-project studies. Indian Space scientists, who made history by reaching Mars in their first attempt, however, have lost the race to China in the launch of manned space flights. China has had two manned flights since 2013, and is inching towards a permanent space station by 2022. China, however, started way early, launching its manned space programme in 1992. It also plans to launch its maiden Mars mission in 2020 to match India and other nations.
Indian Space scientists are confident of a go-ahead by the government, along with the budget support, but are wary of critics who often pose questions on big-ticket outings into Space at a time when the country has not solved poverty and hunger. These critics carped about the Rs 450 crore spent on the Mars mission until the Prime Minister revealed how it had cost less than
Rs 7 per kilometre to reach the Red Planet.
These scientists argue that the humans Space flight programme is not another catch-up effort but to develop technologies and systems for future expeditions. Besides, the technological spin-offs could help the country leapfrog in a wide spectrum of sectors—from communications to medicine. In short, these scientists intend to develop a fully-autonomous three-ton orbital vehicle (a spaceship) to transport a two-member crew to orbit and return to Earth after a few orbits to two days. The extendable version of the spaceship will allow flights up to seven days, rendezvous and docking capability with space stations.
Isro would receive assistance in crew selection and training from Russia under an agreement signed in March 2008. One option was a flight of an Indian onboard a Soyuz capsule in the run-up to an Indian mission, but that was dropped. The process of crew selection, too, awaits a nod from the government with the space agency likely to bank of the Indian Air Force and the Institute of Aerospace Medicine, Bengaluru, to pick potential candidates. Irrespective of whether this wait gets longer on not, Indian Space scientists are spending long hours to be mission-ready with all technologies being developed on home soil.
Click on Deccan Chronicle Technology and Science for the latest news and reviews. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter.
After the cast of SBS's “Running Man” had fun using the video app Kwai in the latest episode, the app has become even more popular.
In the December 17 episode of “Running Man,” the cast and guests played a game to earn their lunch that involved an impression battle. Once they were done, they put their acting skills to good use through the video app Kwai, which lets users record themselves acting along with audio clips of famous and funny scenes.
Immediately after the show was broadcast, the Kwai app rose 29 spots on the Google Play Store's charts for the most downloaded apps.
A representative from Kwai said, “As SBS's ‘Running Man' is a popular variety show among Kwai's target market of teenagers and those in their 20s, there's been a great reaction following the episode, including many inquiries about the app coming in.” They added, “As it can be interpreted that one in every ten people in Korea are using Kwai, its appearance on this episode of ‘Running Man' sparked interest among the general public and so we are sincerely glad.”
The Kwai app recently became very popular in Korea, and many celebrities have used it to post funny videos where they act out famous scenes.
Watch the latest episode of “Running Man” below!
Watch Now
Source (1)
An arrest was made today in a triple shooting that left a South Bend man dead.
Joilise Crossley, 19, was booked into the county jail. She's charged with voluntary manslaughter and two counts of criminal recklessness.
The shooting happened Wednesday night in the 1800 block of N. Johnson Street in South Bend.
Court documents say this whole thing started over a child.
A man was upset Crossley was spending time with the child. Police say he confronted Crossley and in the heat of the moment, she started shooting.
That gunfire hit three people. David Cross and Jerry Wright were injured. Tyrone Kelly, the man court documents say started the fight, died.
Today Metro Homicide says it was able to arrest Crossley 24 hours after the murder because of community cooperation.
This is the fifth homicide in city limits this year. Investigators and city leaders say one is too many. In a news conference held today, they pleaded with the community for the violence to stop.
See what they had to say in the video above.
Some of Canada's leading constitutional thinkers are growing increasingly alarmed at the rhetoric surrounding coalition government in the current election campaign.
“Shocking ignorance” and “miseducation” were some of the words thrown around on Wednesday night when eminent constitutional experts got together at the University of Toronto to discuss “uncertain election outcomes.”
Peter Russell, one of Canada's leading authors and former professors on the constitution, says the current election rhetoric is making Canadians believe that their choice on May 2 is between a Parliament that doesn't work or a Parliament that doesn't matter.
“That's a pretty ugly choice,” Russell said. “That's no choice at all: a dysfunctional Parliament or an irrelevant Parliament.”
Russell says Canadians have to face the fact that no political party in Canada is overwhelmingly popular and that Parliament, by necessity, is going to have to focus on co-operation, not conflict.
He said that four elections in seven years is proof that Canada has “election-itis” and that politicians have stopped trying to make Parliament work.
Brian Topp, a former NDP campaign chief and author of a book on the 2008 coalition controversy in Canada, said it's crucial that Canadians understand, with a cool head, that their government rests on the confidence of the House of Commons.
Topp and Russell, along with a couple of dozen other leading thinkers on these issues, have been at work on a how-to manual for the country to follow if the next election produces an unclear result.
Britain and New Zealand have such manuals, and they take the pressure — and some of the hysteria — off the prospect of coalitions, the experts say.
“What would be nice to put beyond debate is the basic rules of the game,” Topp said.
Former Liberal cabinet minister Bill Graham also lent his weight to the discussion and decried the lack of civic literacy, saying also that the media — with its appetite for black-and-white, nasty battles — was feeding the “lack of civics literacy.”
The discussion, at the Munk Centre, landed in the middle of renewed controversy over coalition government in the heat of Canada's federal election campaign.
Conservative leader Stephen Harper has been accusing the opposition parties of harbouring a secret plan to seize power if he wins less than 50 per cent of the seats in Parliament in the current election.
Conservatives were saying they received renewed evidence of that plan this week when Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff discussed post-election scenarios on CBC TV and said it was possible he could be called upon to form a government if Harper didn't have the confidence of the House.
Russell said that Ignatieff's remarks were “fine,” and in keeping with Canada's constitutional laws and conventions.
But he said that Ignatieff wouldn't automatically be called upon to form a government if Harper can't obtain the confidence of the Commons after May 2. Based on past precedent and convention, Ignatieff would have to substantially prove to the Governor-General that he could command a stable government, with majority backing of the Commons.
Russell told the crowd at the Munk Centre that this election debate has also convinced Canadians that a coalition would be the only option in this circumstance. Ignatieff would have “several” options, he said, and they need not include putting members of other parties in his cabinet (a standard feature of coalitions.)
David Cameron's contemptuous instruction to his MPs to ignore their constituents' views on Europe in the coming referendum has backfired spectacularly. And deservedly so.
Although the Prime Minister claims he was only urging them to vote with their consciences, there was a hint of arm-twisting menace aimed at those considering backing the 'leave' campaign.
The vast majority of Conservative party members are anti-EU, but MPs' career prospects are dependent on patronage from above. And the Tory High Command is desperate for a vote to stay at any cost.
David Cameron's (pictured) contemptuous instruction to his MPs to ignore their constituents' views on Europe in the coming referendum has backfired spectacularly, writes Richard Littlejohn
The inevitable backlash from activists can be summed up by these highlights from a letter in yesterday's Daily Mail from Andrew Nicholas, chairman of Enfield North Conservative Association:
'I don't think I can express strongly enough the damage that the Prime Minister's comments have done to his own party.
'Without the activists who go out come rain or shine to give time, effort and money to the cause of getting their candidate elected, he would not have a majority and would not be Prime Minister.
'Despite what he appears to think, he has no divine right to rule and if he thinks he can dismiss the views of those of us who helped to put him in Downing Street, he may well find himself in for a nasty shock.'
The anger and disillusion among lifelong Conservatives who worked tirelessly for a Cameron victory last year cannot be overstated.
There is a palpable sense of betrayal among those who thought the Prime Minister was serious when he promised to secure a fundamental change in Britain's relationship with Europe.
Cynical
He even hinted he might lead the 'out' campaign if he didn't get significant reforms — a hollow promise he had no intention of fulfilling. In the event, his cynical, weak-as-water demands failed to address any of the big issues and his attempts to frighten people into voting to stay are intelligence-insulting on an intergalactic scale.
Now he is trying to bully his MPs into backing him, even if that means riding roughshod over the sincerely held beliefs of thousands of men and women who are the lifeblood of the party at a local level.
Perhaps the implosion of the Labour opposition has convinced Cameron that he does have a divine right to rule. But that still doesn't give him the right to treat his own party's foot-soldiers with derision.
The anger and disillusion among lifelong Conservatives who worked tirelessly for a Cameron (pictured) victory last year cannot be overstated
The eternal problem is that, secure in office, Cameron now represents the political class who run Europe and not the people who pay his wages, or stuff his election leaflets into envelopes.
He has gone native, seduced by all those lobster suppers and grand summits.
They all do. So what changed him from a professed Eurosceptic to a stooge of the anti-democratic Brussels elite?
Given that Dave considers himself to be the Heir To Tony Blair (pictured), perhaps he sees his next career move as President of Europe
Given that Dave considers himself to be the Heir To Blair, perhaps he sees his next career move as President of Europe — something his hero never achieved.
It could be his rich reward for blackmailing the British people to stay in the corrupt EU club.
On reflection, I suppose we should never have expected anything else. All politicians, with a few honourable exceptions, are eventually seduced by the system. Parliaments are packed with careerist placemen and opportunist pygmies on the make, feathering their own nests and lining their pockets at taxpayers' expense.
Only yesterday, we learned MPs are to receive a £1,000 a year pay rise, on top of the inflation-busting £7,500 they trousered last year.
They are also outrageously demanding that any 'honourable member' arrested for, say, fiddling their expenses, should automatically be given anonymity — a privilege not extended to others accused of serious crimes.
You'd have thought that after the parliamentary allowances scandal they'd have a little more self-awareness and asked themselves how this would play outside the Westminster bubble. But, no, they're too busy navel-gazing to care.
This self-serving, self-regarding insularity isn't confined to Westminster. It is endemic within so-called Western democracies —from Brussels to Washington.
In America, we now have the bizarre spectacle of the two front-runners in the presidential race comprising a reality show demagogue and a septuagenarian, self-proclaimed socialist who makes Jeremy Corbyn look like a matinee idol.
Donald Trump may be an incendiary circus act, but he's the incarnation of angry populist reaction against the Republican Establishment's distaste for millions of its own voters.
Senior Republicans, like some senior Tories in this country, seem to despise their traditional supporters.
Rookie
On the Democratic side, Bernie Sanders owes his ascendency to widespread revulsion at Hillary Clinton's towering sense of entitlement.
Three years ago, I attended a Tea Party rally and was impressed by a young Florida senator, Marco Rubio, who gave an electrifying speech.
The 5,000-strong crowd loved him. These weren't the stereotypical stump-toothed, gun-toting Tea Party red-necks of Left-wing media mythology.
They were doctors, lawyers, small business owners, hard-working, fair-minded folk wanting the best for their country and their families. In Britain, they'd be natural Daily Mail readers.
Donald Trump (pictured) may be an incendiary circus act, but he's the incarnation of angry populist reaction against the Republican Establishment's distaste for millions of its own voters
They weren't exactly mad as hell, but they were determined not to take it any more and had decided to give this rookie senator a fair hearing. Rubio delivered the message they'd come to hear. The Washington politicians of both major parties had failed and it was time for a new kid in town to clean up.
I came away energised, believing that I'd just seen a future U.S. president in the making.
Rubio is running this year. He achieved an unexpected third place in the first primary, a whisker behind Trump. All the polls showed that he was the one Republican who had the widest appeal and stood a decent chance of beating Hillary.
And how did his party's Establishment candidates react?
Instead of throwing their weight behind him and turning their fire on the Democrats, the other candidates set out to destroy him — putting their personal ambition ahead of the greater good.
Rubio was badly wounded by the onslaught and slumped to fifth in New Hampshire this week, as the increasingly rabid Trump topped the poll by hoovering up the protest votes.
In Brussels, they don't even have to pay lip service to public opinion. No one ever accused the EU of being a democracy.
Bernie Sanders (pictured) owes his ascendency to widespread revulsion at Hillary Clinton's towering sense of entitlement
You can tell that by their reading material. According to a recent survey of 498 Brussels insiders, they consider an obscure American website called Politico to be the most influential news outlet in Britain, just ahead of the BBC, followed by the Financial Times and the Economist.
The only national newspaper to make the cut is — you guessed — the Guardian, terminally mired in mountains of debt and with a circulation shrinking faster than a low-budget supermarket burger on a barbecue.
None of the papers people actually read — the Daily Mail, Daily Telegraph, the Sun — are considered worthy of any attention whatsoever. Beyond the pale, most likely. This survey explains why the self-regarding political elite spend their time talking to themselves. And perhaps why the Prime Minister thinks he can ignore the views of the overwhelming majority of his party's members.
I wonder if he bothered reading the letter from his chairman in Enfield North in yesterday's Mail. Or the round-robin in a similar vein from 40 other Tory constituency chairmen which appeared in the Tory-loyalist Sunday Telegraph.
Shock
As it happens, I know a bit about Enfield North. I live in the neighbouring constituency. It's a marginal, a rare Labour gain at the last election because 4,000 people voted Ukip, denying the Tories victory.
This is where suburban London meets Hertfordshire greenbelt, prime Daily Mail country. It's in constituencies like this that the referendum will be won or lost.
Does Dave really think he can ignore the views of his constituency party workers, let alone the 18,000-plus who voted Tory last time? I shouldn't have thought he can count on the support of the 4,000 who voted Ukip.
At the start of Prime Minister's Questions every week, some eager MP always asks if the PM has any plans to visit his or her constituency.
If the Prime Minister hasn't got any immediate plans to visit Enfield North, as he shuffles between European capitals, then he should be revising his itinerary as a matter of some urgency.
You never know, he might learn something — although not necessarily to his advantage.
Military spending by the United States is higher now than it was during the Cold War. That means the US taxpayer is now on the hook to pay for more military personnel, bases, and weaponry than was the case when the Soviet Union controlled an area three times the size of the United States, and was an avowed ideological foe of the West.
Today, the US must spend even more, we are told, to fight an enemy like the Islamic State which has no navy, no air force, and certainly no intercontinental ballistic missiles.
To further buttress these claims that ever more spending is needed, America's foreign policy establishment continues to insist that the United States — and thus, the American taxpayer — continue to provide the military defense for much of the planet, including countries such as South Korea, Japan, Germany, the Baltic States, Turkey, and many others.
Reflecting his populist and nationalist base, Donald Trump has wondered aloud as to why the United States should keep footing the bill for the defense of other large, wealthy, and technologically advanced countries — or for countries that offer no geopolitical advantages for defense of United States territory.
Specifically, Trump has also suggested that, rather than provide defense for Japan and South Korea, those two countries beef up their own military and nuclear capability. Trump has also expressed doubts about the need for the US, through NATO, to commit itself to World War III in case countries like Latvia and Turkey are attacked by an outside state (presumably Russia).
What Trump doesn't mention is the larger problem with the status quo: it carries with it the potential of making regional conflicts into global ones. For example, if Japan and China go to war in North Asia, the US government has committed itself to devoting American lives and potentially trillions in taxpayer dollars for the benefit of the Japanese state. The same is true of South Korea.
Trump is right that the current policy is very costly in terms of dollars, but the cost in terms of human lives and treasure could be far greater if regional conflicts turn into world wars.
The Media Reaction: Pretend There Is No Debate
The collective reaction from the mainstream media and the political establishment has been to clutch their pearls and be aghast at the idea that anyone would ever suggest that the status quo of endless global military subsidies for foreign regimes should not continue indefinitely.
Perhaps the most hysterical reaction comes from Zack Beauchamp at Vox who has said that Trump's position is essentially the equivalent to inviting nuclear war with Russia.
No deterrence against Russian nuclear capability is possible, Beauchamp claims, without the US as the guarantor of security in Eastern Europe. Beauchamp cites this study, quoting: “‘formal alliances with nuclear states appear to carry significant deterrence benefits.' The US's formal agreements, then, deter aggression against its non-nuclear partners (like Germany and the Baltics).”
What Beauchamp doesn't mention is that NATO already includes nuclear states other than the United States (namely, the United Kingdom and France.) Both the United Kingdom and France possess advanced missile technology for delivering nuclear warheads, and it is widely accepted that Germany could convert to being a nuclear power in a short time frame. Perhaps even in a period of months.
So, even if we accepted Beauchamp's claim as true (which I'm not doing), the situation doesn't require the participation of the United States.
Secondly, if formal alliances with nuclear states create a deterrent effect, the same can be said of proliferation. That is, logic dictates if states can create deterrence by joining with nuclear states, they also create deterrence by becoming nuclear states themselves.
Proliferation Brings Security
The possibility that nuclear proliferation would increase deterrence and peace has long been forwarded by prominent scholars within the realist camp of the international relations world. Among the most influential of these is Kenneth Waltz whose 1981 paper “The Spread of Nuclear Weapons: More May Be Better,” concludes “the slow spread of nuclear weapons will promote peace and reinforce international stability.” Waltz's paper is still the subject of debate among students and scholars today.
Waltz's paper became a matter of real-world application in the 1990s when Ukraine abandoned its nuclear arsenal (left over from Soviet days) and fellow realist scholar John Mearsheimer concluded it would be a mistake for Ukraine to give up what constituted a solid deterrent to potential Russian aggression. A nuclear-armed Ukraine, Mearsheimer noted, would offer stability in the region and reduce the risk of conflicts in which other great powers were pulled into Ukraine-Russia conflicts to counter Russian expansion.
Unfortunately, the anti-proliferationists succeeded, and their success has ensured that NATO and the US continue to insert themselves into the region, allegedly as a necessary balance against Russian weaponry. The risk for global conflict in this situation is significant.
Decentralize and Regionalize Nuclear Power
Thus, instead of decentralizing nuclear capability in that case, and keeping regional conflicts limited, the insistence on non-proliferation has instead ensured that virtually any nuclear conflict in that part of the world will carry a strong potential for becoming a much larger global conflict.
Meanwhile, Germany, the wealthiest state in the region — with an economy more than double the size of Russia's — continues to pass the buck to the American taxpayer. (“Buck passing” refers to a specific type of behavior in international relations.)
This cannot continue indefinitely. In fact, writing in his 2001 book, The Tragedy of Great Power Politics, Mearsheimer predicted that the established order in Europe would collapse by 2020, and Germany would then create its own nuclear arsenal. Mearsheimer's prediction may have to wait longer than 2020 to come true, but his own analysis led him to believe, quite plausibly, that the status quo, in which Europe is expected to rely on American military spending and the American nuclear arsenal, has limited endurance. Whether we like it or not, it's only a matter of time before a deeply-indebted American state begins to recede from its countless international guarantees, at which point proliferation of nuclear weaponry is inevitable — at least among wealthier states.
In other words, at some point the realities of geography and economics give way to the fact that — among other things — the US has limited resources, and nuclear deterrence works just as well with smaller states as it does with larger states. An enormous arsenal is unnecessary. All that is necessary is that potential adversaries are aware of the arsenal, and that it may be used. As Waltz noted, even small arsenals function as a deterrent thanks to the ever-present factor of uncertainty:
States are not deterred because they expect to suffer a certain amount of damage but because they cannot know how much damage they will suffer.
Moreover, the use of nuclear weapons is relatively less expensive than maintaining a large conventional force. Waltz continues:
Some countries may find nuclear weapons a cheaper and safer alternative to running economically ruinous and militarily dangerous conventional arms races. Nuclear weapons may promise increased security and independence at an affordable price.
(Indeed, this is precisely what President Eisenhower concluded when he chose to counter the Soviet Union's Red Army not with with a comparable conventional military, but with a large American nuclear arsenal.)
Similar realities exist in East Asia where the American taxpayer is also expected to cover the cost of local deterrence against both Chinese and Russian expansion.
This demand that regional conflicts be made into a potential World War III has long been the modus operandi of the anti-proliferation movement and those who support the global status quo. For them, it is American citizens that are to foot the bill and up the ante to global war should any problems arise on the eastern frontier of NATO or in North Asia.
That trump has questioned this situation should be regarded simply as an outburst of common sense. Given the immense cost of maintaining the status quo, and the wealth enjoyed by states such as South Korea, Germany, and Japan, it continues to become less and less convincing that the United States is the only state that can provide stability in the region.
This fact doesn't stop The Atlantic's Sam Kleiner, who relies entirely on the opinions of American politicians who have opposed proliferation, in asserting: ”American presidents of both parties have understood the simple arithmetic involved — that the more countries have nuclear weapons, the more opportunities there are for nuclear war to break out, whether by design or by accident.”
Waltz specifically addressed Kleiner's overall approach long ago when he noted: “Much of the writing about the spread of nuclear weapons has this unusual trait: It tells us that what did not happen in the past is likely to happen in the future, that tomorrow's nuclear states are likely to do to one another what today's nuclear states have not done.” For his part, Kleiner presents no evidence as to why a world primed for global nuclear war — which is what you get when you centralize nuclear power among a few megastates with global aspirations — is better than a world with more small and regional nuclear states.
Nevertheless, it's easy to see why American politicians would agree on non-proliferation. Non-proliferation is good for the American state because it assists the American state (at a high cost to the taxpayers) in its effort to attain the position of global hegemon. (Mearsheimer defines a global hegemon as a country with “a capability to devastate its rivals without fear of retaliation.”) Although greater proliferation is likely to increase overall stability, it decreases the odds of the the US being able to obtain global hegemony. Of course, this same calculus applies to all large nuclear states. Naturally, the Russian state benefits from Ukraine giving up its nuclear power, just as the US state benefits from preventing the spread of nuclear power to other rival states.
So, we should not at all be surprised that the US government agrees proliferation is bad. Those who foot the bill, however, should take a more skeptical view.
It's Too Late to Rely on Non-Proliferation
In any case, talk of US global hegemony is idle talk since the US has never achieved global hegemony, and is unlikely to ever do so. The US cannot attack Russia, for example, without fear of retaliation, and if trends continue as they do, China will continue to develop greater delivery capability both in terms of ground-based missiles and in terms of nuclear submarines. Once developed, nuclear armed subs can patrol the waters of the US coast to obtain short delivery time for nuclear missiles. Moreover, nuclear-armed India is developing missiles that can deliver payloads up to 10,000 kilometers. Thus, the US will soon be facing multiple large rivals with significant delivery capability, not counting the nuclear arsenals of “friendly” states such as France and the UK.
The American dream of containment of all other nuclear powers has long since become unrealistic.
Not surprisingly, more adroit observers of the situation have taken a more sanguine view toward proliferation. Eric Margolis, for example, suggests the more reasonable option is to let South Korea and Japan “go nuclear”:
Ending the pretense of nuclear virginity would make North Asia safer. China and North Korea would be much less likely to threaten Japan and South Korea if these latter nations had nuclear retaliatory forces and anti-missile systems. Anyway, why can't these grown-up democracies in Japan and South Korea have nuclear weapons when Washington has secretly allowed India and Israel to build powerful nuclear arsenals?
And yet, old habits die hard. The American military establishment is built on doctrines, ideas, and notions that come out of a world that existed in the 1950s and 60s when countries like China and India were dirt poor, and central Europe was still reeling from the Second World War. That world is gone. Nevertheless, modern American foreign-policy ideology continues to assume that the United States can hope to attain a lopsided superiority in weaponry that will allow it to manage regional conflicts across the globe with minimal risk of retaliation.
It remains to be seen if Trump has any awareness of these realities himself, or if his comments are simply campaign rhetoric. At the very least, Trump has accidentally stumbled upon a very real problem for the American state: it can no longer afford to manage the entire international order, especially in an age when numerous other states continue to expand their own ability to respond forcefully to American meddling.
Official GRID Token Pre-Sale Recap
Alex Miller Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 5, 2017
Grid+ is proud to announce the completion of the GRID token pre-sale! GRID tokens generated an enormous amount of excitement and the Grid+ team is happy to share information about the pre-sale now that we have finished taking purchases. Our team wants to take a moment to thank everyone who supported the pre-sale and supported our company. More than ever, we're ready to help bring you the future of energy as well as the best consumer experience the industry has ever seen.
Before we do the recap, we want to once again remind you that all official Grid+ information is disseminated by either @gridplus_energy on Twitter or from the gridplus.io domain (which includes this blog). As we approach the public token sale, the Grid+ team wants to keep you safe from scams and make it extremely clear that:
Grid+ will only post the token sale contract address on gridplus.io.
Okay, on to the pre-sale recap.
Motivation
The main goal of the pre-sale was to save the Ethereum network from congestion that the community has seen affect a number of token sales. A common tactic used by large buyers is to combine a large gasLimit with an extremely large gasPrice so that miners will pick up their orders and block everyone else out. This slows the network to a halt and results in large purchasers getting the majority of tokens.
By restricting the pre-sale to large purchasers ($50,000 and above), we hoped to service these requests in a more controlled fashion and allow everyone else to participate in the regular sale, which has no such restrictions. We are encouraged by the number of large purchasers who saw the future utility of GRID and joined the pre-sale with large purchases at a discount.
Statistics
08/19/17: The number of GRID tokens sold have been updated. For more information, please see this correction.
During the GRID token pre-sale, Grid+ sold 36,422,909 GRID tokens and currently holds the following assets:
85,407.0 ether
584.8 bitcoin
$125,000.00 USD
Using today's prices, these assets sum to roughly $27.7M. In terms of USD collected at the time of sale, the total is $29.0M.
With the pre-sale officially finalized, this leaves 53,577,091 GRID tokens for sale in the public token sale on October 30.
Conclusion
The Grid+ team is very happy with the success of the GRID token pre-sale. It was more laborious than expected, but Grid+ reached its goal of selling around half of the 90M GRID tokens and it looks forward to the public sale where the Ethereum network can process payments automatically. This is a great example of where Ethereum shines.
The Grid+ team hopes you will join us on October 30th for the public GRID token sale and that you will one day become a Grid+ customer who contributes to the future of energy. Thank you all for your support.
If you liked this article, follow Grid+ on Twitter, join our slack, and sign up for our mailing list ongridplus.io!
Although I've been familiar with the fact that Hollywood is full of morons who don't know what it's like to be a woman at all and generally make and sell movies that cater to a male-centric audience since I was a child and noticed that most of my beloved characters, unless they were princesses, were not female, I've only recently become aware of the Bechdel Test.
When I first heard of the test, I thought it must have been something contrived by a media think tank, or maybe a woman's issues group of some sort (NOW, maybe?). But it turns out that the simple test actually came about when it was mentioned in the Dykes to Watch Out For comic strip, which was written by Alison Bechdel from 1983 to 2008 (hence the name Bechdel Test). It is in reference to a specific comic cell entitled “The Rule,” in which one of the comic's main characters says she will only watch a movie if it fulfills three specific qualifications:
The movie has to have a minimum of two women in it (more is fine, too; just no less than two) The two women have to actually talk to each other in the movie When they talk about something, it has to be about anything BUT a man
This test has since become a bit of a phenomenon, with feminists using it quite a bit to determine whether or not a film is female-friendly. And while you might think that the test is silly, and that it should be easy to meet these qualifications, the truth of the matter is that most movies fail this simple test.
If you're a guy, you might not really get this; my husband didn't understand how outraged I was over it until I argued with him over it again and again. He may still not fully understand it; for all I know, he's just agreeing now to be nice or avoid a fight! But think about it: what if every movie you saw was filled with women—astronauts, military leaders, lawyers, whatever—all who are successful or working on their dreams or whatever, and the only male character is a token love interest who is barely even involved, except for kissing scenes.
If you'd seen this kind of media your entire life, from childhood on, don't you think that you'd be pissed off that you had no one to look up to in the movies, no man who ever did anything with his life other than pick up his lover's dry cleaning? No heroes, no lead roles, and no conversation with other men save for conversation about a woman… Just think about it.
No Pixar movie has ever had a female lead. Could you imagine if Buzz and Woody were girls instead? It would have been totally different for the girls seeing the films. And this isn't even representative of the population, seeing as females make up 52% of it. Now that I'm so aware of this and how it spreads over every genre, every intended audience, I sort of dread seeing movies now. I still love to go, but I'd much rather see female roles than male ones.
If you are interested in learning more about this, or critiquing movies based on the test yourself, visit the Bechdel Test website.
(Warren, MI)—Dragonmead Microbrewery has completed its brewing system expansion located in its Warren facility at 14600 East Eleven Mile Road. The company now has control of the entire 11,000 square foot facility that features a 1,000 square foot taproom.
In November of last year a new 20 barrel brew house and cellars were added inside the facility. Demand in Michigan alone far-exceeds the former 3 barrel equipment. “The smaller system is the key to our ability to provide a high variety of ales and lagers,” stated Larry Channell, founding member of Dragonmead Microbrewery. “Variety is the key to satisfying our customers. They have come to expect high quality and high variety from Dragonmead.”
The smaller brewing system and cellaring operations were dismantled and relocated next to the larger production equipment.
“Relocation of the 3 barrel operations required all new piping and wiring to accommodate the new location,” says Earl Scherbarth, founding member and project manager for the expansion. “It has been a long process requiring great attention to detail in order to ensure that our quality standards can continue to be met.”
This year the company introduced a seasonal line of products in both bottles and draught. Oktoberfest, Devil's Knight Pumpkin Ale, Jul Øl a Norwegian Spiced Christmas Ale and St. Nicole's Weizenbock (February release) have added to the bottled beers already in the marketplace. Soon to be released in bottles as a year-round product is Sin Eater, a high-gravity Dark Belgian Ale. Sin Eater is currently available in the Tap Room in Warren.
“Having the variety system in place and producing again will allow us to once again offer over 40 different styles of beer on tap at our taproom here in Warren,” says Jennifer Locher, Pub Manager for Dragonmead. “The variety will be in place in time for the holidays.”
In addition to the beer on tap, the pub serves a high variety of wine and mead both by the glass and in bottles. Earlier in 2014 Dragonmead's mead earned five medals in the International Mazer Cup Mead Competition thus establishing Dragonmead as one of the state's premier mead producers.
To celebrate the return of the highest variety of beers style on tap in a brewery-pub Dragonmead will be open Monday through Saturday at 11 a.m. for lunch. Sunday hours have also returned from 1 p.m. – 8 p.m. The food menu features locally produced sausages prepared by their partnership with Lazybones Smokehouse (27475 Groesbeck Hwy, Roseville) called Dragonbones. Monday through Wednesday evenings feature rotating specials.
Dragonmead Microbrewery enjoys distribution throughout the state of Michigan. It can be found in bottles and on draught at hundreds of restaurants and retail outlets all the way into the Upper Peninsula. Always present at the various beer sampling festivals, dinners and tap take-overs all year round. You can find their beer at the Renaissance Festival, Ford Field and Joe Louis Arena.
About Dragonmead Microbrewery
Founded in 1997, Dragonmead Microbrewery was granted a brewing permit in 1998. The three founding members Earl Scherbarth, Larry Channell and Bill Wrobel are all former (and current) auto executives with a passion for brewing the best beer in the world eventually in every recognized beer style.
Dragonmead Microbrewery is consistently ranked in the top breweries in the world on beer rating websites BeerAdvocate.com and RateBeer.com. They are known both for their high-gravity beers, and their accurate examples of traditional styles.
The brewery has won countless awards at competitions across the world. With five medals from the prestigious World Beer Cup and five medals from the International Mazer Mead Competition adding to numerous local and national awards, Dragonmead Microbrewery is one of the most-awarded breweries in the United States.
Dragonmead Microbrewery is a proud member of both the Michigan Brewers Guild and the national Brewer's Association. Their brewers are members of the Detroit chapter of the Master Brewers' Association of the Americas.
xooyoozoo Registered User
Join Date: Dec 2012 Posts: 199
There's no need to mince words: VP9 is impressive. Besides its apparent proficiency in objective metrics, it also *looks* good. I went through the 760-765 kbits clips and in terms of "pleasantness" I'd rank them as xs < xn < hevc =< vp9. The latter two are difficult to choose between because though HEVC makes the image look more 'clean', I think VP9 has some subtle psy tunings that gave more eye-pleasing bit allocations. Of course, this is only one sample, not representative, and so and so on, but we've certainly come a looonnng way since VP8's painfully underwhelming introduction.
Also, a confounding factor in the HEVC's test might be the changed intra period (normally 24 frames) and the 3 adaptive/psy QP switches I turned on. The changed intra period is to match with x264 and VP9, and I double-checked the JCT-VC docs the adaptive-qp switches were based off of. The docs all showed increased obj+subj performance, but I guess you never can be sure.
Edit: Oh yea, VPX built on code from late Monday, HM from the weekend, and x264 from November.
Edit (2/2): should have done this little tidbit in the first place:
Got around to actually testing the most recent build of libvpx, and it's quite something. Here's a chart of my results . If you're wondering about the abundance of metrics, it's because I was trying to see if anything could approximate x264's psy tweaks (nope).There's no need to mince words: VP9 is. Besides its apparent proficiency in objective metrics, it also *looks* good. I went through the 760-765 kbits clips and in terms of "pleasantness" I'd rank them as xs < xn < hevc =< vp9. The latter two are difficult to choose between because though HEVC makes the image look more 'clean', I think VP9 has some subtle psy tunings that gave more eye-pleasing bit allocations. Of course, this is only one sample, not representative, and so and so on, but we've certainly come a looonnng way since VP8's painfully underwhelming introduction.Also, a confounding factor in the HEVC's test might be the changed intra period (normally 24 frames) and the 3 adaptive/psy QP switches I turned on. The changed intra period is to match with x264 and VP9, and I double-checked the JCT-VC docs the adaptive-qp switches were based off of. The docs all showed increased obj+subj performance, but I guess you never can be sure.Edit: Oh yea, VPX built on code from late Monday, HM from the weekend, and x264 from November.Edit (2/2): should have done this little tidbit in the first place: Last edited by xooyoozoo; 3rd February 2013 at 11:58 .
There are false reports doing the rounds online that EA has removed the refund button from Star Wars: Battlefront 2 on Origin.
The Reddit post claiming that is one of the most popular today, showing a screenshot of one player's Origin order history where the refund button does not appear next to the Star Wars: Battlefront 2 order where it should.
Instead, the player suggested that you can request a refund by going through EA support. As you might imagine, this lead many to assume that EA has done this as a way of making things harder for players who decided to cancel their pre-orders in the wake of the negative response to the game's implementation of microtransactions, progression systems, and the exorbitant prices for some heroes (the only thing to have changed).
This is not actually the case. Beyond there being no evidence that the button used to be there and was subsequently removed, this is not actually how refunds work on Origin. Typically, when you pre-order a game well ahead of time, the money doesn't get deducted until closer to release.
In these cases, you will see a refund option when you visit order history through Origin. However, if the purchase was made more recently, or close enough to the release date that the money was charged on the spot, the option to refund has to go through support.
This has always been the case with Origin, and there are even threads on EA's help forum about this very issue that date back to 2013 (via Kotaku).
Once a game has been released, you will be able to refund it through Origin's Great Game Guarantee or the refund page. The problem is, at the time of writing, Battlefront 2 does not appear on this page, which is likely what lead to this belief that the option was scrapped to limit the publisher's losses.
An entry for Battlefront 2 will appear when the game is released, and you can even see it now if you pre-ordered the Elite Trooper Deluxe Edition – seeing as that version released today. In short: there's nothing different about Battlefront 2.
the book no one would publish -- 4/17/15
Today's selection -- from A Curious Mind by Brian Grazer. The first book of Theodor Seuss Geisel, better known to us as Dr. Seuss, was rejected by twenty-seven publishers before it was finally accepted by Vanguard Press:
"Being determined in the face of obstacles is vital. Theodor Geisel, Dr. Seuss, is a great example of that himself. Many of his forty-four books remain wild bestsellers. In 2013, Green Eggs and Ham sold more than 700,000 copies in the United States (more than Goodnight Moon); The Cat in the Hat sold more than 500,000 copies, as did Oh, the Places You'll Go! and One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish. And five more Dr. Seuss books each sold more than 250,000 copies. That's eight books, with total sales of more than 3.5 million copies, in one year (another eight Seuss titles sold 100,000 copies or more). Theodor Geisel is selling 11,000 Dr. Seuss books every day of the year, in the United States alone, twenty-four years after he died. He has sold 600 million books worldwide since his first book, And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street, was published in 1937. And as inevitable as Dr. Seuss's appeal seems now, Mulberry Street was rejected by twenty-seven publishers before being accepted by Vanguard Press. ...
Ted Geisel (Dr. Seuss) seated at desk covered with his books
"The story of Geisel being rejected twenty-seven times before his first book was published is often repeated, but the details are worth relating. Geisel says he was walking home, stinging from the book's twenty-seventh rejection, with the manuscript and drawings for Mulberry Street under his arm, when an acquaintance from his student days at Dartmouth College bumped into him on the sidewalk on Madison Avenue in New York City. Mike McClintock asked what Geisel was carrying. 'That's a book no one will publish,' said Geisel. 'I'm lugging it home to burn.' McClintock had just that morning been made editor of children's books at Vanguard; he invited Geisel up to his office, and McClintock and his publisher bought Mulberry Street that day. When the book came out, the legendary book reviewer for the New Yorker, Clifton Fadiman, captured it in a single sentence: 'They say it's for children, but better get a copy for yourself and marvel at the good Dr. Seuss's impossible pictures and the moral tale of the little boy who exaggerated not wisely but too well.' Geisel would later say of meeting McClintock on the street, '[I]f I'd been going down the other side of Madison Avenue, I'd be in the dry-cleaning business today. ...'
It appears that the price – as well as some special deals – for Mortal Kombat XL have been revealed. According to Bandai Namco Warner Bros, the game will be priced at $39.99 for those not owning Mortal Kombat X (Mortal Kombat XL will feature Mortal Kombat X and the Kombat Packs, as well as all the network improvements that have been made to the game).
Mortal Kombat XL will be priced at $24.99 for those already owning Mortal Kombat X, while the Kombat Pack 2 will be priced at $19.99.
For what is worth, Warner Bros will offer both of these at a discount during Mortal Kombat XL's launch. Therefore, PC gamers – who already own Mortal Kombat X – will be able to get Mortal Kombat XL for $12.49 and the Kombat Pack 2 for $9.99 for a limited time.
Mortal Kombat XL releases on October 4th!
Indications are Pierre Roland may be the new hope of French cycling.
Last week we discussed the Men of the Hour—a rather easy-to-compile list of the men we all expect to be at forefront of the sport in 2012. But while the sport's Men of the Hour might be easier to identify, a list of Up-and-Comers is certainly more interesting to make as it allows for more prognosticating. After all, it's always fun to go out on a limb—especially if you turn out to be right.
Colombia – Something tells me we're on the verge of a renaissance, as Colombians have been taking some pretty huge scalps at the U23 level over the past few seasons including the Baby Giro (now called the GiroBio), the Tour de l'Avenir, and the World Road Championship. It's therefore no surprise that much of the country's best talent—men such as Rigoberto Uran, Fabio Duarte, Carlos Betancur, and Sergio Henao—is now turning heads as pros. But 2012 should see an even better sign of the South American nation's resurgence as the Colombia Coldeportes team—the first full-time, European-based Colombian squad the sport has seen in years—has already gained entry into some of Europe's biggest races. The team's main goal? A Tour de France invite—and they think they can get it as soon as this year.
Sep Vanmarcke – Belgium's Sep Vanmarcke burst onto the scene with a second-place ride for Topsport Vlaanderen at Ghent-Wevelgem in 2010, beating George Hincapie and Philippe Gilbert in the process and earning himself a contract with Garmin-Cervelo. Fast forward one year and there was Vanmarcke again at the front during the classics, this time burying himself for the sake of teammates Thor Hushovd, Heinrich Haussler, and Tyler Farrar, yet still finding the strength to finish 4th in the E3 Prijs Vlaanderen and 20th in Paris-Roubaix. Thor's departure bumps Sep up a rung in the squad's cobbled hierarchy this year, and considering Farrar's inconsistency on the pavé, Vanmarcke could easily find himself in a position to win a race for himself this spring.
Salvatore Puccio – This is more of long shot, but keep an eye on Team Sky neo-pro Salvatore Puccio, the winner of the 2011 U23 Tour of Flanders. Talented young Italians come a dime-a-dozen, which explains why most find themselves signing their first professional contracts with Italian squads. Not Puccio though, his impressive U23 resume turned some World Tour heads and the Italian was smart to take advantage of an opportunity to join one of the best cobbled teams in the sport. If Puccio's decisions on the road prove to be just as savvy, expect big things.
Omega Pharma-Quick Step – The losers in the Philippe Gilbert sweepstakes made smart choices on this winter's transfer market, bolstering their stage race ranks with the additions of Tony Martin and Levi Leipheimer, while avoiding a potential logjam at the head of their classics squad (I doubt Gilbert and Tom Boonen would have fared well together in the same team). With Martin and Leipheimer, the team now has two men ideally suited to the route of the 2012 Tour de France—and both can counted-on to win their share of stages and overall titles in smaller stage races as well. In fact, the season's already started-off on the right foot at Argentina's Tour de San Luis with Francesco Chicchi winning two stages and Leipheimer currently leading the overall after winning the ITT. Better still, Tom Boonen and Sylvain Chavanel appear healthy, fit, and motivated. Their return to form is certainly a good sign for the spring classics—and for a team looking to be competitive all season long.
Thomas De Gendt – Another member of the Topsport Vlaanderen class of 2010, De Gendt had quite an impressive World Tour debut with Vacansoleil in 2011, winning stages at Paris-Nice and the Tour de Suisse. A man built for the Ardennes, De Gendt should get more chances to ride for himself in all the spring classics this year—especially if Stijn Devolder proves unable to regain his Ronde-winning form from 2008 and 2009. But while the classics remain a goal for any Belgian, I wonder if De Gendt's destined for greater things—like grand tours. The 2011 Tour de France was the 25-year-old's first ever 3-week event. Not only did he finish the race in his first try, he finished 6th on Alpe d'Huez and 4th in the ITT in Grenoble, Stages 19 and 20 respectively. Those are telling results, for at a time when most riders were getting weaker, the Tour rookie was getting stronger.
Rabobank's Young Grand Tour Men – Rabobank's Robert Gesink is still only 25 and despite his poor Tour de France last year remains Holland's best hope for grand tour success. However, with men like Steven Kruijswijk and Bauke Mollema nipping at his heels, he'll need to do something soon (like, now) if he wants to stay relevant. In 2010, Kruijswijk finished 18th in his first Giro d'Italia—at barely 23 years of age. He bettered that result considerably last year, finishing ninth and then following it up with a stage win and third-place overall at the Tour de Suisse a few weeks later—against some very tough pre-Tour competition.
As for Mollema (who along with Gesink just extended his contract with Rabobank through 2014), his 2011 was even more impressive: tenth in Catalunya, ninth in Paris-Nice, fifth in the Tour de Suisse, and fourth at the Vuelta (along with the green points jersey and a day in the red jersey as race leader). Like Gesink, Mollema's also a talented single-day rider who should challenge in hillier classics such as Liege-Bastogne-Liege and il Lombardia (I'm still getting used to the new name too). And Mollema's only 25 as well—that makes 3 super talents for Rabobank—all under the age of 26. With all three riders deservedly expecting grand tour leadership in 2012, Rabobank's management might have a problem on its hands—then again, it's not a bad problem to have. And in case they're reading, here's an easy answer: Kruijswijk gets the Giro, Gesink the Tour, and Mollema the Vuelta.
France – Yes, we're still waiting for the true return of the French to the top steps of the sport's most prestigious podiums—but there's good reason to believe it's going to happen soon. First of all, a very talented group of young French professionals is on the rise, led by men such as Pierre Rolland, Arnold Jeannesson, and Thibaut Pinot. It's been a while since France had a rider who looked as if he could develop into a legitimate grand tour contender and now they have three.
Better yet, France has been identifying and developing young riders (juniors and espoirs) better than any country in the world, as evidenced by Frenchmen winning three of the last four junior world titles and two of the last three U23 world titles. While a rainbow jersey is never a one-way ticket to greatness, the French Federation's run of success certainly bodes well for the future—especially since world champions aren't the only quality riders the program is producing. And last but certainly not least, one has to expect that Thomas Voeckler's heroic 2011 Tour de France (coupled with a terrible showing in the 2010 World Cup by the French national soccer team) has inspired at least a handful of young French boys to choose to cycle over soccer that otherwise might not have. It only takes one rider to change a generation's perception of a sport—maybe Voeckler's stunning performance will reap greater rewards 5 to 10 years in the future.
Young Italian Sprinters – If last season is any indication, Italian fans might soon have someone other than Daniele Bennati to hang their field sprint hopes upon. Sacha Modolo, Andrea Guardini, and Elia Viviani won a combined 29 races in 2011—and all but a few came via field sprints. The three still need to prove themselves in World Tour races (only Viviani won a race at the World level—and even that was in Beijing), and Modolo's the only one to have started a grand tour (twice, in fact—but he failed to finish both times). But at ages 24, 22, and 22, respectively, they still have time to develop.
Project 1t4i – Even though it's a Dutch squad, Project 1t4i (formerly Skil-Shimano) will be led by two young Germans this year: 2011-revelation Marcel Kittel and HTC-import John Degenkolb. It goes without saying that Kittel is an up-and-comer—the 23-year-old won 17 races in 2011 (18 if you count the Amstel Race in Curacao) including four stages each at the Four Days of Dunkirk and the Tour of Poland. Kittel's biggest victory—and proof that he's a force to be reckoned with in coming years—came at the Vuelta a Espana in September, the first of what looks to be many grand tour stage victories throughout his career.
No slouch himself, Degenkolb won six races in 2011 including two stages at the Criterium du Dauphiné. That said, it's clear that Degenkolb (also 23 years of age) is a future classics star—he reminds me of Matthew Goss in that he's a talented field sprinter who shows even more potential as a classics hard man. Last year, the rookie was given a start in every spring classic that mattered from the Omloop Het Nieuwsblad (he finished 12th) to Paris-Roubaix (he finished 19th). With 1t4i already receiving several wild card invites to just about every cobbled race on the calendar, Degenkolb will be given new chances to impress in 2012.
So that it for my Up-and-Comers for 2012. If all goes as planned, our 2017 Men of the Hour will be a list of mostly Colombian, French, and German riders.
Who's on your list Up-and-Comers for 2012? Come join me on the limb!
Image: John Pierce, Photosport International
When Barack Obama handed off to his successor the presidency of the United States, he impressed upon Donald Trump that his greatest worry was North Korea.
The intervening months have made clear why – with dictator Kim Jong-un's incessant ballistic missile tests of ever-more-formidable weapons, his sixth underground explosion on Sunday apparently of a thermonuclear weapon and his escalating threats, which now include explicitly an electromagnetic pulse (EMP) attack on America's vulnerable electric grid.
Equally apparent is the fact this witches' brew of trouble is befalling the United States on President Trump's watch because the Obama administration basically did nothing to attenuate the danger. Instead, it dressed up inactivity and passivity in the face of the metastasizing danger as “strategic patience.”
Even before the North Koreans' latest intercontinental missile launches, nuclear test, and threat of an EMP attack, Mr. Trump and his senior subordinates have properly signaled that the era of strategic patience is at an end. Unfortunately, in the absence of urgent course corrections on several fronts, the period now dawning is likely to be one of strategic blackmail.
While fecklessness towards the emerging North Korean threat characterized the Clinton and Bush '43 administrations, we find ourselves needlessly exposed to its present magnitude in no small measure because Obama's so-called strategic patience was characterized by inaction on two, vital fronts: advancing the U.S. missile defense capabilities and protecting the grid against electromagnetic pulse and other perils.
Barack Obama and his subordinates brought to office a visceral enmity towards missile defense, born of an ideological attachment to the obsolete Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty with the Soviet Union, which prevented the United States from having any effective anti-missile systems. While George W. Bush formally withdrew us from the ABM Treaty in 2002, the capabilities of such defenses as have been put into place have been deliberately limited – so much so that they were reportedly not up to the task of shooting down the ballistic missile Pyongyang fired over Japan last week.
Similarly, Team Obama was convinced that it would rid the world of nuclear weapons and so declined to take seriously, let alone do anything appreciable about, the danger that one or more detonated outside the atmosphere over the United States could destroy our most critical of critical infrastructures: the electric grid. Late in his presidency, Mr. Obama did evince concern about a similar, nation-ending effect being caused by intense solar storms, but did little to make the grid resilient against that source of destructive electromagnetic pulses, either.
If Mr. Trump is to avoid being held hostage by North Korean blackmail or, worse yet, seeing Kim Jong-un act on his oft-stated determination to destroy our country, the President must immediately undertake two steps:
First, in May, Rep. Trent Franks advised the President of the availability of a predictive algorithm that – based upon years of testing, including on the Army's classified PAC-3 anti-missile simulator – could promptly and significantly enhance the capabilities of existing, as well as future, anti-missile systems. Confirming the effectiveness of this software, known as the Hypersonic Intercept Technology, and bringing it to bear against both North Korean threats and those now emerging from Russia and China (which include advanced hypersonic and maneuvering missiles designed to defeat our present missile defenses) must be given the highest priority.
Second, the President has already pledged to upgrade America's critical infrastructure. The imperative of protecting the nation's bulk-power distribution system, better known as “the grid,” must now take precedence over other improvements. The U.S. military has known for decades how to “harden” electrical and electronic gear from EMP. These techniques must now be applied on an emergency basis to ensure that the civilian grid – upon which both our armed forces and our population and economy critically depend – is made as invulnerable as possible to enemy action.
A first step would be to extend the life of the Congressional EMP Threat Commission – the nation's foremost authorities on the sorts of menace now explicitly posed by the North Korean government. As things stand now, its existing mandate will end in less than a month and the Commission's expertise is needed now more than ever. The next step is to implement, at last, the recommendations this panel has been making for 13 years concerning practical, near-term and affordable steps to enhance the resiliency of our electric infrastructure.
This is a moment when the Congress must stand united with President Trump in resisting the inevitable blackmailing to come from North Korea by doing everything practicable to defeat Pyongyang's missile threats and deny Kim Jong-Un his ultimate instrument of extortion by securing our grid.
Frank J. Gaffney, Jr. acted as an Assistant Secretary of Defense in the Reagan administration. He is President of the Center for Security Policy.
WASHINGTON—It's only the second week of August. There are three long months and three big debates to go. But. But. But.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump delivers a policy speech to the Detroit Economic Club in Detroit on Monday. ( Evan Vucci / AP )
Donald Trump's presidential candidacy seems to be teetering on the edge of competitive collapse. Once seemingly immune to the eternal laws of political gravity, the erratic Republican nominee has been dragged down to earth by the accumulated weight of his incomprehensible decisions. Trump tried to stop his slide on Monday with a prepared economic speech in Detroit. He promised hefty tax cuts, fewer restrictions on oil and coal, an expanded child-care tax deduction that would largely benefit prosperous families, a “total renegotiation” of the North American Free Trade Agreement, and an explosion of jobs and wealth he said Hillary Clinton lacks the skills and vision to produce. “She is the candidate of the past,” Trump said. “Ours is the campaign of the future.”
Article Continued Below
But a spate of opinion polls in the last two weeks suggests a campaign staring at the distinct possibility of a landslide defeat. In national polls, Clinton now leads Trump by eight percentage points— even bigger than the margin by which Barack Obama trounced John McCain in 2008. The most recent poll, by well-regarded Monmouth University, has Trump trailing by a whopping 13 points. And polls of individual states look even worse for him. An election held today, they suggest, would be a bloodbath. The statistical model on FiveThirtyEight, the website run by prominent analyst Nate Silver, gives Clinton a 78 per cent chance of victory, up from 63 per cent before the Republican convention three weeks ago. “Looking at the way the poll results are shaping up state by state, it looks like right now Hillary Clinton's odds of victory are overwhelmingly high,” said Stephen Voss, a political science professor at the University of Kentucky. “If you believe the polling data — and I don't just mean one organization's polls — then it's Hillary Clinton's presidential election to lose.” Trump is behind by an average of eight points in Pennsylvania, a Democratic-leaning state central to his plans to flip the Rust Belt. In the swing state of Florida, a virtual must-win for him, the latest poll has him down six. Two supposed toss-ups, Virginia and Colorado, look more and more like safe Clinton states.
And Trump is having trouble defending even long-safe Republican strongholds. In the last two polls of Georgia, where Mitt Romney won by eight in 2012, Trump is down four and seven. In Arizona, where Romney won by nine, Trump is stuck in a tie. “If you go by the polls, Trump is struggling in places where no Republican should struggle. And he only has an outside shot in the places that are supposed to be battlegrounds,” Voss said.
Article Continued Below
Trump, Voss cautioned, could be doing better than polls suggest. Silver cautioned that Clinton may merely be enjoying the traditional post-convention “bounce.” These polls, moreover, were conducted during and just after the worst week of Trump's campaign, in which he followed the Democratic convention by heaping insults upon the Muslim parents of a dead U.S. soldier and temporarily refusing to endorse Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan. But the numbers get meaningful fast: the candidate who led in the polls taken two weeks after the conventions won the popular vote in the last 16 presidential elections, professors Christopher Wlezien and Robert S. Erikson have found. And almost all of the current numbers are bad news for Trump. They show he has broadly alienated women, non-whites and voters with degrees — and that, perhaps most importantly, he has not managed to convince a majority of the electorate even that he is qualified for the job. In the new ABC/Washington Post poll, 61 per cent of voters said he is unqualified, while 60 per cent of voters said Clinton is qualified. Most Republicans and independents are reluctant to vote for Clinton, said Marquette Law School Poll director Charles Franklin, “but for them to vote for Donald Trump would be psychologically difficult if they see her as qualified and him as not qualified.” “And therefore, for those voters to come home to Trump, making it a more competitive race, they will have to get past the perception that he is not prepared for the office,” Franklin said. That belief was reinforced Monday by 50 Republican former national security officials, including former Department of Homeland Security chiefs Michael Chertoff and Tom Ridge, who released a scathing and unprecedented letter saying Trump “would be the most reckless president in American history” and “would put at risk our country's national security and well-being.”
Read more about:
Two performers attracted attention in Glastonbury (Picture: YouTube)
A woman dressed as a vagina gave Glastonbury residents a surprise this week when she helped stop a street fight involving a man dressed as a penis.
The duo were dressed in the unusual costumes to promote their ‘Fooling Around' stage show, at the Somerset town's Assembly Rooms venue.
Thing turned ugly, however, when one local resident took offence and allegedly began attacking the man dressed as a giant phallus.
‘He started shouting at me, saying it was disgusting and children could see us,' Chris Murray, of the Nomadic Academy of Fools, told the Central Somerset Gazette.
‘I could tell by his body language that he was really angry. I tried to calm him down, I wasn't looking for a fight; but he grabbed my hat, tore it off and chucked it on the pavement.'
A resident later called police who warned the pair they could be arrested unless they removed the costumes.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A spokeswoman for the Assembly Rooms said: ‘We were deeply surprised by the reaction of the police in this situation.
‘The plays were very well attended and we experienced no trouble at the venue.'
Starbucks has confirmed it is laying off a “relatively small number” of employees at its headquarters in Seattle.
Spokeswoman Linda Mills would not disclose how many people were affected, but said that it was a small portion of the 3,500 employees based in the office. The layoffs started at the beginning of the year and will continue to take place through February.
Starbucks is targeting jobs “that are no longer aligned to our growth strategy or that have become redundant with other roles,” she said, adding that the layoffs are taking place across the board.
No store-based roles will be affected by the changes, and due to the large number of openings at hundreds of stores across the country, Mills points out that Starbucks will actually be creating thousands of new U.S.-based jobs in 2015.
Starbucks is constantly tinkering with all aspects of the business from latte flavors to what kind of tea it sells in stores to new ways to place orders in the store.
Last month, it launched a new mobile ordering feature in Portland, and as part of that pilot, GeekWire talked to Starbucks Digital Chief Adam Brotman, who described very aggressive plans for rolling out that technology worldwide.
Mills would not say if the company's tech workers would be impacted by the cuts, although presumably they will be if the layoffs are truly being made across the board.
“This was a very difficult decision, and for partners (employees) impacted by these moves, we will do everything we can to try and find alternative roles for them within the company,” she said. “As a company, we are and will continue to manage our business for the long term and in a way that balances our performance through the lens of humanity.”
A week ago, Starbucks announced that COO Troy Alstead was going on sabbatical, and was forced to immediately dispel suggestions that Alstead was leaving because of his health or because of the company's performance, Bloomberg reported. Alstead is widely considered a contender to succeed CEO Howard Schultz.
Mills said the staffing changes were also completely unrelated to Alstead's departure.
A UK Independence Party MEP told the European Parliament in Strasbourg today (11 March) that decarbonising the EU would be “absolute madness” because crops need carbon dioxide to grow.
Stuart Agnew's question to Gianni Pittella, leader of the Socialist & Democrats group, sparked incredulity on social media.
UKIP had circulated the video but, according to the reaction on Twitter, Agnew, the party's agriculture spokesman, had his science very, very wrong.
Energy and Climate Action Commissioner Miguel Arias Cañete couldn't resist taking a swipe at the Eurosceptic, after EurActiv brought the video to his attention.
@JamesCrisp6 @UKIP “I can calculate the motion of heavenly bodies, but not the madness of people.” – Isaac Newton pic.twitter.com/kPGD0AAOK6 — Miguel Arias Cañete (@MAC_europa) March 11, 2015
The Commissioner's Twitter trolling earned him online acclaim.
And is it just us, or is Pittella doing his best not to laugh at the question?
Satirical Twitter account @Berlaymonster pointed out what many people were thinking.
@JamesCrisp6 @UKIP I love the inference that until we had widespread fossil-fueled industry and transport, plants were really struggling. — Berlaymonster (@Berlaymonster) March 11, 2015
He (it?) was backed up by other members of the Twitteratti, including green MEP Bas Eickhout.
@JamesCrisp6 @UKIP The nature has taken care of that natural CO2 so there's enough for photosynthesis, so we don't need to produce anymore — Julia Poliscanova (@juliepolie) March 11, 2015
Jonathan Gaventa, of environmental think tank e3G, compared it to the infamous time a US senator claimed the existence of snowballs was proof climate change was not happening.
Even Cañete's parody account got in on the action.
Pittella also drew some criticism for not picking Agnew up on his claims.
@inglesi @JamesCrisp6 Next time, @giannipittella, try starting your reply with “Are you seriously trying to tell us…” — Berlaymonster (@Berlaymonster) March 11, 2015
But not everyone was so hard on the Italian socialist…
Agnew, a farmer, represents the eastern counties of England. He is a climate change sceptic, describing some predictions as to its effects as “overdramatic”.
But campaigners pointed out that climate change was leading to water scarcity with severe consequences for crop yields globally.
The science bit
Apart from the fact that plants existed long before fossil fuels, decarbonisation means moving to an energy system that doesn't increase concentrations of atmospheric greenhouse gases.
There will still be CO2, which plants do need to grow, in the air, but not at levels that cause global warming.
Carbon capture and storage technologies do capture and store carbon. But they capture CO2 emissions at the point of combustion, rather than removing CO2 already in the air. That would not affect plants, campaigners said.
@Berlaymonster @inglesi @JamesCrisp6 @UKIP I think if the UKIP has any brains (moot point) they should be burying this video, not carbon… — Nicholas Cram (@nicholascram) March 11, 2015
The exchange happened as MEPs gave their reaction to the European Commission's plans for Energy Union. One of the flagship project's goals is to fight climate change by cutting greenhouse gas emissions, including CO2. Moving to a low carbon economy is an important part of this goal.
“De-carbonising Europe would mean end to fizzy drinks, warns UKIP” not-so #fantasyheadlines @JamesCrisp6 — Berlaymonster (@Berlaymonster) March 11, 2015
And it's not the first time UKIP politicians have run into trouble on Twitter over their energy and environmental policies.
“What happens when renewable energy runs out?” – Victoria Ayling, Ukip's candidate for Great Grimsby pic.twitter.com/29EW5nuxvM — Alberto Nardelli (@AlbertoNardelli) February 19, 2015
Screenshot courtesy of UKIP. All rights reserved
0 Google+ 0 Linkedin
Author : Heard in Europe
People burn effigies of Donald Trump and Enrique Peña Nieto in front of the National Palace in Mexico City on Jan. 9. Alfredo Estrella/AFP/Getty Images
Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto has finally canceled his visit to Washington to meet with President Trump. The Mexican government had said Wednesday that the meeting, planned for Tuesday, was still on, even after Trump signed executive orders to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border, crack down on illegal immigration, and renegotiate NAFTA. But Thursday morning, Trump tweeted that if Mexico wouldn't pay for the wall, it would be better not to have the meeting at all:
of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 26, 2017
Peña Nieto's administration has seemed perpetually flummoxed by Trump.
He controversially invited Trump to a meeting in Mexico in August, which accomplished the impressive task of making the candidate look fairly statesmanlike while doing nothing to moderate his rhetoric on trade and immigration. In fact, Trump more or less humiliated the Mexicans by giving an immigrant-bashing speech in Phoenix immediately upon his return.
Similarly, Trump signed Wednesday's executive order on the construction of the wall while Mexico's foreign minister was in Washington to set up Peña Nieto's visit. It was another slap in the face. Thursday morning's tweet, after Peña Nieto had suggested he still wanted to talk and was willing to ignore domestic pressure for him to call off the meeting, was yet another.
Already dismally unpopular, Peña Nieto has been taking heavy criticism in the Mexican press for his handling of Trump. It can't help that his predecessor, Vicente Fox, of the rival PAN party, is out there openly taunting Trump on Twitter about Mexico's refusal to pay for the #fuckingwall.*
Peña Nieto's term is up next year, but his political capital is likely already toast. With 2018 elections looming, the most likely beneficiary is Mexico City's leftist former mayor Andrés Manuel López Obrador, who is calling for Mexico to sue the United States at the United Nations over the wall on the grounds that it constitutes a human rights violation and racial discrimination.
But Trump's moves this week constitute a major shift in relations between the two neighbors, and it's impossible to predict just how it will play out. As I wrote last month, there's been a bipartisan consensus in Mexico for decades that the country should bet on economic liberalization and a close political and economic relationship with the United States. That commitment has now been thrown back in their faces in the most humiliating way possible.
*Correction, Jan. 27, 2017: This post originally misspelled Vicente Fox's first name.
Busy vs. Productive
Brad Bollenbach Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 16, 2007
Slow down and remember this: Most things make no difference. Being busy is a form of mental laziness — lazy thinking and indiscriminate action.
— Timothy Ferriss
“Work smarter, not harder” is one of the ultimate clichés. Like most clichés, few people actually do it. The busy outnumber the productive by a wide margin. Whether you're a boss, an employee, or working for yourself, we've all had our treadmilling moments. Here's the difference, from a geek perspective:
BusyProductive Rolls their ownUses someone else's Makes it “elegant” and “extensible”Makes it work Responds to your email within a few minutesResponds to your email within a few days Ready. Aim. Aim. Aim.Ready. Fire. Aim. Makes the boss happyMakes the client happy Seeks consensusEncourages creative self-expression Writes a detailed specificationImplements a prototype Looks like they're busyLooks like they're slacking off Finishes it this eveningFinishes it tomorrow What else can we add?What else can we remove? How should we fix this?Do we need to fix this? Sees the toolchain as a competitive advantageSees the user-kickassness as a competitive advantage Let's get everyone's feedback on thisDO IT
Busy-ness is impressive. It puts you in the heat of the action. It gives you an elevated sense of importance. You're always late for social engagements, barely have enough time for family get-togethers, and hardly get a moment's sleep. Emails get exchanged, meetings fill up your schedule, worldwide teleconferences become the norm — there's even the occasional hope of revenue exceeding expenses. You're like a rock star without the music.
Of course, it's all just an illusion. A commitment to anything more than your standard workday is a commitment to work harder, not smarter. There are only so many hours per day that you can produce world-class, creative output. Building something that changes people's lives is extremely hard, but looking like you're part of something big is much easier.
Want a challenge? Remove a feature. Cut your deadline in half. Deliver rather than debate. Instead of being the devil's advocate, be the user's advocate. Eliminate half your RSS feeds. Stop making it pluggable and start making it work.
If you had to come up with one action you could take to put less time and effort into something and still get the same, or better results, what would it be?
By Matt Spetalnick and Jeremy Laurence
SEOUL — U.S. President Barack Obama vowed on Monday to pursue further nuclear arms cuts with Russia, urged China to follow suit and issued stern warnings to North Korea and Iran in their nuclear standoffs with the West.
Acknowledging the United States has more warheads than necessary, Obama held out the prospect of new reductions in the U.S. arsenal as he sought to rally world leaders for additional concrete steps against the threat of nuclear terrorism.
“We can already say with confidence that we have more nuclear weapons than we need,” Obama told students at South Korea's Hankuk University a few hours before a global nuclear security summit opened in Seoul.
[np-related]
He pledged a new arms-control push with incoming Russian president Vladimir Putin when they meet in May. But any further reductions would face stiff election-year opposition from Republicans in Congress who already accuse him of weakening America's nuclear deterrent.
Obama laid out his latest strategy against the backdrop of nuclear defiance from North Korea and Iran, twin challenges that have clouded his overall nuclear agenda and the summit in Seoul.
He set expectations high in a 2009 speech in Prague when he declared it was time to seek “a world without nuclear weapons”. He acknowledged at the time it was a long-term goal, but his high-flown oratory helped him win the Nobel Peace Prize.
In Seoul, Obama made clear that he was committed to that notion, saying “those who deride our vision, who say that ours is an impossible goal that will be forever out of reach,” were wrong.
Though Obama was vague on exactly how such a vision would be achieved, he voiced confidence the United States and Russia, which reached a landmark arms-control treaty in 2010, “can continue to make progress and reduce our nuclear stockpiles.”
“I firmly believe that we can ensure the security of the United States and our allies, maintain a strong deterrent against any threat, and still pursue further reductions in our nuclear arsenal,” he said.
But another arms accord with Moscow will be a tough sell to U.S. conservatives who say Obama has not moved fast enough to modernize the U.S. strategic arsenal, a pledge he made in return for Republican votes that helped ratify the START treaty.
The United States and Russia are the two biggest nuclear powers, possessing thousands of warheads between them, arsenals that arms-control advocates say are capable of destroying the world several times over.
Obama said he wanted to take arms control talks with the Russians to a new level. “Going forward, we'll continue to seek discussions with Russia on a step we have never taken before — reducing not only our strategic nuclear warheads, but also tactical weapons and warheads in reserve,” he said.
With U.S. officials privately expressing concern about China's opaqueness over its growing nuclear weapons program, Obama said he had urged the rising Asian power “to join us in a dialogue on nuclear issues, and that offer remains open.”
NORTH KOREA, IRAN
Obama also used his speech to call on North Korea, which plans a long-range rocket launch next month, to curb its nuclear ambitions or face further international isolation.
“And know this — there will be no more rewards for provocations. Those days are over. This is the choice before you,” he said, directing his comments at North Korea's leadership.
Chinese President Hu Jintao indicated to Obama during a one-on-one meeting on Monday that he took the North Korean nuclear standoff very seriously and was registering his concern with Pyongyang, a senior White House aide said.
China is the secretive North's only major ally.
“The two leaders agreed to coordinate closely in responding to this potential provocation … and if necessary consider what steps need to be taken following a potential launch,” the White House aide added, without elaborating on possible consequences.
Obama says the destitute North could be hit with tighter sanctions if it goes ahead with the rocket launch, but experts doubt China will back another U.N. Security Council resolution against North Korea.
The North says the rocket will send a satellite into space, but South Korea and the United States say it is a ballistic missile test.
Even though two previous launches of the long-range missile have failed, Washington says the North's missile program is progressing quickly and that the American mainland could come under threat within five years.
The flight path from a west coast launch pad will take the rocket south towards the Philippines. The Defense Ministry in Seoul said South Korea was drawing up a plan to shoot down any components that may crash into South Korean territory.
The ministry added that the main body of the rocket was being positioned into place for the launch.
Earlier on Monday, Obama accused Iran of having taken the “path of denial, deceit and deception” in the past but said there was still time for a diplomatic solution and that Iran had to act with a sense of urgency.
“Time is short,” Obama said, referring to the prospects of renewed negotiations between Iran and world powers. “Iran's leaders must understand that there is no escaping the choice before it.”
Iran says its nuclear program is purely peaceful, but Israel and Western nations believe it is moving towards a nuclear bomb that could change the regional balance of power.
Obama has urged Israel to hold off on any pre-emptive strikes on Iran's nuclear sites to give sanctions and diplomacy more time to work.
The U.S. president also met Russia's outgoing leader, Dmitry Medvedev, on the sidelines of the summit, with missile defense in Europe, Iran and the conflict in Syria topping their agenda.
Medvedev said he supported peace envoy Kofi Annan's mission to end fighting in Syria. Russia and China have shielded Syrian President Bashar al-Assad from U.N. Security Council condemnation by vetoing two resolutions over the bloodshed.
“We together with the U.S. president maintain that [Annan's mission] is a good way to reach at least an initial point of settlement and open the road for communication between various groups of society in Syria,” he said.
© Thomson Reuters 2012
Solar eclipse of June 19, 1917 Map Type of eclipse Nature Partial Gamma 1.2857 Magnitude 0.4729 Maximum eclipse Coordinates Times (UTC) The Greatest eclipse 13:16:21 References Saros 116 (67 of 70) Catalog # (SE5000) 9322
A partial solar eclipse occurred on June 19, 1917. A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun, thereby totally or partly obscuring the image of the Sun for a viewer on Earth. A partial solar eclipse occurs in the polar regions of the Earth when the center of the Moon's shadow misses the Earth.
Related eclipses [ edit ]
Solar eclipses 1916-1920 [ edit ]
This eclipse is a member of a semester series. An eclipse in a semester series of solar eclipses repeats approximately every 177 days and 4 hours (a semester) at alternating nodes of the Moon's orbit.[1]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Selected local happenings from 1980 as chronicled in the “History of Houston Punk” series — part recollection, part oral history –published by PUNX in 1986.
TRANSCRIPT:
“The Punk/Avant Garde connection is highlighted by a show at Rock Island…reportedly the best acoustic production ever held at the Island. The bands include the Ruse, Spermwhale, and Polyphony.”
“In April is the premiere of a new venue, the ‘ultimate hole in the wall': Club Mod. The Tix host the Throb Prom at this dingy warehouse on Milam St…which has a single light hanging precariously from the ceiling. This party highlights the difference between sixties and eighties psychedelia: black and white nihilist clones in urban cage, but human nonetheless. Other bands to play here later are the Huns, Killerwatts, and Vast Majority.”
“September 19 is a show of the Big Boys with Really Red at the Island. The Big Boys also play the Parade and Spit, and at the Spit, the management apparently does not like Biscuit's brand of weirdness and pulls the plug.”
“On 10-15 there is a Post feature, ‘Punks, Wavers, and Posers': interviews with W. Wolff, Christian Arnheiter, David Bean, Margaret Moser, Dick Long, Henry Weissborn, etc.”
“October's issue of XLR8 features the first of two parts: ‘After the New Wave,' which is a fascinating and intellectual look at punk and new wave. It explores the protopunk ‘movements' of Dada, juvenile delinquency, and the street fighters of the sixties. It concludes with a positive encouragement for us to face the political and aesthetic challenge before us with integrity and individuality.”
“On Halloween an art-space at 3221 Milam plays host to Culturcide and Really Red.”
“On December 15, WILD DOG #4 is published and the Derailers make their club debut at the Parade…the club cuts them off early. This is the last punk show at Parade.”
Fighting with Leicester City for the vast majority of the 2015-16 season for the Premier League title, Tottenham's end of season collapse saw the London side overtaken by Arsenal on the final day, with Mauricio Pochettino's side eventually finishing third.
The 5-1 loss against Newcastle, who were already relegated at that stage, was costly as Arsène Wenger's men beat Aston Villa 4-0, and is a memory most Spurs fans will want to forget, even if their side qualified for the Champions League.
Adding to the disappointment was an earlier than expected exit at the Euros with Belgium, yet Jan Vertonghen admits he never really had time to think about it all, having to focus on the current season so soon after returning form France.
He told Sport/Foot magazine: “We played in the Champions League, which was our club's objective. That campaign was eclipsed by the failure to win the title, but I never felt like we were really close to it. We were never in the lead.”
Despite not winning a trophy last season, the Spurs defender is able to boast that he was part of the best defence in the league for the 2015-16 campaign, which was helped by a great understanding with Toby Alderweireld in the centre of defence, who joined Tottenham at the beginning of last season.
Vertonghen also revealed that Tottenham didn't use a psychiatrist to help players focus, unlike a lot of Premier League sides, but that he had instead instilled a routine to help him get in the zone before a game.
Vertonghen explained: “At the start of my career, I had a problem focusing for 90 minutes, but that's the advantage of football: it's a team game. If we switch off, the others are there to compensate. I have Toby for that!
“You can, however, set up a routine to help your match focus. I always eat the same thing on game day, or I read a book to calm myself.”
It's always nice to know that someone has your back, and having played together at both Ajax and Tottenham, Spurs fans are lucky enough to have one of the best centre-back pairings in the Premier League.
Talent is one thing, but understanding your teammates is another, and it seems the duo have both those things in abundance.
