Former household staff members are suing a Head of the Harbor billionaire for stiffing them on wages because they failed to close doors or make sure hanging pictures were level at his palace on the Long Island Sound.
Robert Mercer, co-chief executive officer of Setauket hedge fund Renaissance, is accused of taking money from household staff's for each time they failed to replace a shampoo bottles, properly close doors and other service tasks around the mansion.
"This is a social justice case," said Troy Kessler, Melville-based attorney representing the staff. "Domestic, low-wage workers are frequently taken advantage of and this case it's particularly egregious."
Kessler, along with Make the Road New York, a nonprofit organization seeking justice for latinos and working class communities, filed a lawsuit July 10 in Central Islip courts seeking more than $150,000 for Alba Aguilar, Luis E. Castro Alzate and Carmen Rodriguez. These three employees worked in Mercer's home under Owl's Nest Inc., a company Mercer created to hire his household staff, between June 2011 and January 2013.
The workers claim Mercer subtracted $10 to $20 from their semi-annual bonus checks for each time they earned a demerit such as "failing to replace shampoo bottles and other toiletries if there was an amount less than one-third of a bottle remaining," and "failing to leave extra towels in the bathroom" and "close doors properly."
Other types of demerits includes, "failing to change the razor blade in the shaver," "failing to level a picture," "leaving items in the refrigerator" and "improperly counting beverages," according to the court complaint.
Kessler said New York State Labor Law prevents employers from making deductions earned by employees without their consent and prior authorization.
"I've handled with cases to unlawful wage deductions before, but I have never seen demerits for someone failing to close a door or refill toothpaste," he said.
The former household staffers also claim they worked 50 to 65 hours a week without ever receiving overtime pay, or one and a half times their salary as required under New York Labor Law.
It's difficult to know exactly how much the workers are owed, because all records of their hours and workweeks are in Mercer's possession, according to the complaint.
Mercer's Setauket-based hedge fund, co managed by top billionaire Jim Simons, is worth approximately $20 billion in net assets as of April, Bloomberg reports. Also, the complaint states Mercer was named one of the top-earning hedge fund managers by Forbes magazine.
Mercer's Owl's Nest palace garners one of the highest tax bills in Smithtown, at nearly $304,000 a year, according to Long Island Blockshopper.
Get the Smithtown newsletter
Phone calls to Owl's Nest Inc. were not returned by Monday evening.
During the 2018 partial government shutdown, which affected the timely reporting of housing market data, we began exploring alternative sources for that data that are providing a more detailed picture of recent trends in the residential real estate market at the state level than is possible with the data that U.S. government agencies regularly publish.
We're finding Zillow's data for existing home sales to be especially useful, since it covers 41 states and the District of Columbia, where we can get a pretty good idea of individual state-level trends, which we can quantify by the estimated total valuation of existing home sales within these regions.
Take the west coast of the continental United States for example where the three states of California, Oregon, and Washington all fall within the top 10 for having very expensive housing in the U.S., with California ranking second (after Hawaii), Washington ranks sixth, and Oregon ranks eighth in the nation according to the measure of median home values.
Normally, the closest you can get to the data that applies for the states of Washington, Oregon, and California comes from monthly data published by the National Association of Realtors, which groups these three states in with 10 others as part of the West region, as defined by the U.S. Census Bureau in reporting home sales. Or you might be able to get home sales data for just California from the California Association of Realtors, but good luck finding similar reports for Oregon or Washington....
We've used Zillow's data to drill down into the recent history of existing home sales in each of these three states, where we find they share a unique trend that took hold after March 2018. The following chart shows our estimates of the total valuation of existing home sales in California, Oregon, and Washington from January 2016 through December 2018.
All three states saw their seasonally-adjusted total valuation of existing home sales peak in March 2018, where through December 2018, each has experienced a 14-16% decline.
That puts these three states into a unique grouping, where the other states for which we have data range considerably. Some, like North Dakota and Colorado, have seen their total existing home sales valuation drop by more than 20% through December 2018 from their peak values (in March 2017 for North Dakota and in March 2018 for Colorado). Meanwhile, other states had seen no peak as of December 2018, including Michigan, Indiana, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Kansas, and West Virginia.
That's a pretty wide range, so to compare how similar the trends have been in Oregon, Washington, and California, we calculated the percentage of the previous peak value of their total existing home sales valuation, which we've presented in the following chart.
Although all three states peaked in March 2018 and have declined by about the same level as of December 2018, we find that the drop-off in existing home sales in Washington and in Oregon have been considerably steeper than what California has experienced. At the same time, both Oregon and Washington are showing potential signs of having reached at least a short term bottom for the declines they have experienced in recent months, while California's trajectory does not yet show such an indication.
There are a lot of potential reasons why that might be, but that's not in the scope for what we're presenting today, where we're demonstrating what's now possible for quantifying and visualizing these state level trends. We'll take on the trends for existing home sales in other states in upcoming months!
FEC heads toward shutdown
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) just announced that the Senate will not clear four new appointees for the Federal Election Commission, meaning the panel that acts as a watchdog on political campaigns cannot function during the critical election-year period.
Reid is blaming the White House for refusing to withdraw to allow a majority vote on the nomination of Hans von Spakovsky for a seat on the commission. Republicans want von Spakovsky approved as part of a slate of four FEC nominees or they will refuse to consider any of the nominees.
Von Spakovsky was recess appointed by President Bush to the FEC, but his term expires at the end of the year. Democrats have refused to allow his nomination to move forward, arguing that his actions while at the Justice Department disqualified him for the post. Bush, though has not backed down, and the matter has been at an impasse for the last four months.
Sens. Barack Obama (D-Ill.) and Russ Feingold (D-Wis.) placed holds on von Spakovsky's nomination, meaning Republicans needed 60 votes to approve his nomination over Democratic objections.
Now, with the Senate moving toward adjournment until mid-January, Reid signalled that Democrats will not move any FEC nominations if they include von Spakovsky, meaning the commission will only have two of its required six members. Reid said he offered the GOP a straight majority vote on all the FEC nominees, including von Spakovsky, but the White House refused to accept that offer.
Reid said he will not relent on von Spakovsky, who has come under heavy criticism from civil-rights groups, and he blamed the White House and Republicans for the stalemate.
"If they do not, the responsibility for a defunct FEC willl rest solely on their shoulders," Reid said.
Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) told reporters today that Democrats are unfairly trying to block a GOP nominee to the FEC, which is overseen by a panel of three Democrats and three Republicans.
"The Democrats have picked their nominees and we've picked ours," McConnell said. "What we have here — once again it happened to one of our nominees toward the end of the Clinton administration — the Democrats trying to veto one of our nominees. That isn't going to happen. They're all four going to go together or none of them will be approved."
Note: Any inappropriate or offensive comments will be immediately deleted. Thanks, John Bresnahan
Editors Note: It's officially draft season, folks. Here at The Falcoholic, we'll now be bringing you a plethora of scouting reports on prospects that the Falcons might be interested in drafting. For those of you that can never get enough #DraftContent, it's your lucky day.
Today's report is on Florida DT Caleb Brantley. He's a fringe 1st round talent who I believe to be a great fit for the Falcons' needs on the defensive line.
DT Caleb Brantley
Height: 6'2
Weight: 314
Strengths
Brantley is a stout player with average size but a well-proportioned frame. He's primarily a penetrating DT that lives in the opponent's backfield. Brantley is not enormous by any means, but possesses excellent strength and has shown the ability to play at either 3T or 1T. Hand technique is good: he is always fighting with OL and has shown off an effective inside swim move. Can win the leverage battle at the snap and dominate weaker or smaller OL. Has a knack for disrupting plays and shows off good closing speed for a player his size.
Brantley is a fierce competitor. Rarely, if ever, quits on plays. Will attempt to recover if beaten and make tackle at the second level. Takes on double teams reasonably well, and will continue trying to affect play even if well blocked. Solid tackler that hits with force--rarely misses tackles in the backfield, and if he does, hits the opponent hard enough to stop momentum. Brantley is a well-rounded player that is excellent against the run and shows considerable upside as a pass rusher. Could continue to improve in the NFL by adding more moves to his rushing repertoire.
Weaknesses
Brantley's strengths can be used against him. Teams will often allow him to penetrate and then run through his gap. Can overshoot runners at times. Will occasionally bite on play-action fakes. Impressive strength often covers up lack of ideal size, but will likely need to add more bulk to play nose and consistently handle double teams at the NFL level. Needs to show better awareness in passing situations: rarely gets his hands up to bat down passes when blocked out of plays.
Brantley's low overall number of snaps throughout his career create conditioning questions, as he may be asked to take on a more prominent role for an NFL team. Appears to be somewhat reliant on snap timing to achieve most potent rush and will need to show more discipline in the NFL. Brantley hasn't shown great ability on twists and stunts; appears to be best equipped for a standard power rush. His lateral movement may be a concern as he hasn't consistently shown the ability to bend or chase down more agile players in the backfield.
Grade: 1.5 (late 1st, early 2nd)
Analysis
Brantley is one of my favorite DTs in this draft class because of his relentless effort. He strikes me as a player that meets Quinn's standards for toughness and competitiveness. Brantley plays hard on every snap, and his technique and disruptive ability are very impressive.
I actually envision Brantley as a somewhat similar player to Grady Jarrett: slightly undersized, can play both 1T nose and 3T tackle, good hand technique, and capable against both the pass and run. Brantley has no questions about his motor or love of the game and no prominent injury concerns, making him a relatively safe pick towards the end of the first round.
Having a player that can perform the same functions as Grady Jarrett is actually very valuable for this defense. That versatility can allow Quinn to be creative with his personnel packages. Brantley and Jarrett can both be on the field at the same time, or one can spell the other. Ideally, a player like Brantley could help improve both the base and nickel packages.
With a clearly defined need at DT, Quinn's Florida connection, and Brantley's ideal fit on the Falcons' defense, Caleb Brantley is a logical choice for the Falcons with their 31st pick.
What do you think of Brantley's fit on the Falcons' defense? Do you view him as a worthy first round selection for Atlanta? Who are some other players you'd be interested in with the 31st pick?
George Koussouros is a freelance inventor, and he developed the KissPhone.
The KissPhone detects percussion speed, pressure, temperature, and sucking force of the lips, when you kiss it. An artificial mouth on the KissPhone receptor can reproduce same parameters. So the customer is able to...
...send or receive kiss from distance,
...leave or receive a kiss in answering machine,
...repeat the kiss saved on the phone or
...relay it to other people,
...download or upload kiss in the web
...receive kiss from a kiss bank as the one from Madonna or from an imaginary Hero! Company captures market because of distinctive concept and keeps market because of associated services and accessories.
Now I know what you're thinking, "Damn, how have I been living without a KissPhone for so long?" And the answer, my friends, is not easily. Unfortunately they only work if the people on both ends each have one. So I'm going to have to buy two. I really think these may take my long-distance relationship to the next level. That next level being my girlfriend cheating on me.
Kiss Phone detects intensity of virtual kisses [slipperybrick]
A big thanks to Cygnus, who doesn't need kissy phones to keep the ladies happy, for the tip
Last Tuesday, a public meeting was held to present the final concept for an upcoming $8.2 million renovation to Rossi Pool, located on Arguello and Anza. The building was constructed in 1956 by architect H.C. Baumann, who was also the designer behind many San Francisco apartment buildings.
Proposed improvements include:
– Seismic Structural Upgrades
– Indoor air quality improvements, new mechanical enclosure and air handling system
– Energy efficiency improvements, new windows & heating system
– ADA accessibility upgrades
– Replacement of the existing pool pumps and mechanical equipment
– New layout and full renovation of locker rooms, showers, and bathrooms
– Addition of an all-gender bathroom/changing room
– Addition of a classroom/multi-purpose room
The existing pool will remain and maintain its current length (100 feet, 30.5 meters). The project will also be sensitive to the history of the building, with most of the building's to remain unchanged.
The $8.2 million budget for the project comes from the 2012 Clean and Safe Neighborhood Parks Bond, with $5 million going toward construction, and $2.7M for “soft costs” such as project management, architectural work, permits and art enrichment.
The renovation is expected to take 14 months, and will likely not begin until 2019 after the Garfield Pool Construction is finished. Rossi Pool will be closed during the duration of the renovation.
According to Rec & Park project manager Levi Conover, the final concept design (download) will go before the Recreation & Park Commission in July for approval to move forward with design development.
For more information, visit the project website. Comments and questions can also be submitted to Levi Conover, Project Manager at 415-581-2572 or levi.conover@sfgov.org.
Sarah B.
As a 2016 U.S. presidential candidate with nearly zero chance of winning, a lot of people ask me why I bother running at all. The answer is simple: The world is about to dramatically change because of radical transhumanist technology—and the most important thing our species can do about it is discuss it beforehand and prepare for it. Despite this unfolding paradigm shift that includes merging with machines and using science to transform ourselves, no major political candidates are even acknowledging such a transformation is happening with the human race. It's crazy stupid, and it's also irresponsible.
How radical is the science we're talking about? Consider my recent stop to speak at Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond—part of my Immortality Bus campaign tour. There were biohackers I met who were preparing to use home CRISPR kits to try to give their cells photosynthesis capabilities—so they could process solar rays and produce energy for their organs to use. Talk about a free lunch and solving world hunger at the same time.
Unfortunately, not only are many people skeptical or downright against transhumanist science like this, but some are already calling for a moratorium on this stuff. It's attitudes like this that made me craft the Transhumanist Bill of Rights, which I recently delivered to the U.S. Capitol building as the finale to my bus tour. The simple, one-page document could easily be called a cyborg bill of rights—because at the core of it is language that tries to legalize all experimentation on one's body, so long as the experimentation is not hurting others. (If being able to do with your body what you want seems reasonable and commonsense in the 21st century, just consider the massive abortion conflict in the U.S., or the failed trillion-dollar War on Drugs, and the fact that gay marriage was legalized just last year.)
The Transhumanist Bill of Rights seeks to legalize all experimentation on one's body, so long as the experimentation is not hurting others.
As a civilization, we are still highly closed-minded and hopelessly religiously conservative. We need a bill of rights to protect our evolutionary aims. We need to protect people out there who want to cut off their arms to put on robotic ones. We need to support engineers who want to have electroencephalogram (EEG) brain implants installed so they commune directly with AI. We need to make exoskeleton suits for quadriplegics who want to climb Mount Everest. I even know transhumanists who want to become fish—and we must protect their right to do so, even if others want to remain primates.
It's a brave new world. And people who want to do radical things to their bodies and the way they perceive the universe need protection—and that protection must be guaranteed. The great humanistic declarations of the world—like the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, crafted in 1948—simply don't have the language to handle 21st-century science. They are stuck trying to make sure kids have a right to education, different ethnicities are treated equally, and people get holiday pay. I love the U.N. Declaration: It's a magnificent achievement and a great basis for civil society. But it doesn't say anything about whether a sentient artificial intelligence can be tortured. Or whether families living entirely in virtual reality have property and sovereignty rights. Or whether that robot that you sent to work for you also gets holiday pay.
The Transhumanist Bill of Rights is the beginning of an official process that aims to establish basic futurist-oriented rights for human beings, sentient AIs, cyborgs, and other advanced sapient life forms—in hopes we can avoid a transhumanist rights showdown that might rival the civil rights era in violence and chaos. For this reason, the Transhumanist Bill of Rights also makes it a crime to put moratoriums on science when it isn't hurting others. Culture, religious perspectives, and ethnicity should have nothing to do with science moving forward or society's health. For example, President George W. Bush should never have had the power to block federal funding for stem cell research during most of his two terms because of religious reasons—a misstep in American science that sent talented researchers overseas, some of whom never returned. In the same vein, must we really tolerate a pope who condemns condoms in Africa—a continent where millions die of AIDS, a known preventable disease?
The Transhumanist Bill of Rights also makes it a crime to put moratoriums on science when it isn't hurting others.
For now, the Transhumanist Bill of Rights is with U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer, my democratic representative in California. And soon it will be sent to other governments around the world, as well as presented to the United Nations. Of course, the real power of it is not in its words—which may change through refinement—but in its obvious necessity in the 21st century. We are already in an era where as a society we are seeking to understand what kind of crime virtual rape is, or whether we can marry robots (and get tax deductions because of it), or whether both rich and poor should have total access to gene editing technologies that improve IQ in our children. Maybe CRISPR tech is not something that should be patentable or for hire, but a universal right to use it for the benefit and good of all.
The questions, of course, are endless—as are the thorny twists. And nearly every scientist and transhumanist will openly admit we have no idea how deep the rabbit hole of cyborgism goes. Add to all this that humans may soon not die because of rapid advances in anti-aging science, and the decisions we make as a society will forever impact us.
In the modern world we know, there's no such thing as a universal bill of rights. The universe as we know it is changing too quickly with technology. The best we can do is be honest about it all—and get comfortable being transformed into the next phase of our evolving species: cyborgs.
Zoltan Istvan is a futurist, creator of the Immortality Bus, and the 2016 U.S. presidential candidate of the Transhumanist Party.
Illustration by J. Longo
Montgomery County and DC-area residents shopping around for electric cars now have a new option to check out: the recently opened Tesla Motors gallery at the Westfield Montgomery mall (7101 Democracy Blvd., Bethesda).
The gallery, which opened on Friday (on the ground floor of the mall, diagonally across from the J. Crew store), is for looking and learning about—rather than for buying—the electric car company's new Model S sedan car. (Buying is done online.) But the gallery is a great place to get an up-close-and-personal look at the Model S—which runs entirely by battery—and to learn about its novel, environmentally-friendly features.
For starters, the Model S car has a large touch-screen computer, to the right of the steering wheel, where one may monitor everything from battery usage and remaining power, to music, air conditioning and parking—there's a camera that shows the view from the rear bumper—perfect for parallel parking in the city.
Then, there's the storage. There's a rear trunk, with two jump seats, and a front trunk—because there's no big, greasy engine to cart around. The battery itself is spread out under the floor of the car, resulting in a very low center of gravity, which increases the safety of the car, Tesla spokesperson Alexis Georgeson explained to Patch.
And, the back seat of the sedan has full legroom across the width of the car—no more scrunched up legs for the middle passenger. With the jump seats, the Model S seats seven people.
The car is not cheap—it costs about $60,000—but its fuel savings are huge. The car can go about 300 miles on a fully-charged battery, and will cost about $13 to charge up at home. It plugs into a regular outlet—a 240-volt outlet is ideal, but 110-volt outlets also are fine, Georgeson said.
Charge up overnight at home, or in 20 minutes at a special electric car charging station, designed by Tesla Motors, called a "Tesla Supercharger."
"This is a product we design and is the world's fastest charging technology," Georgeson said of the Tesla Superchargers, which are being installed up and down Interstate 95 (where lines to get gas frequently are more than 20 minutes long).
And, there are many regular charging stations already in the region.
Every Model S car is built to order, and can be purchased online. It takes about three to six weeks for the cars, which are made in northern California, to be delivered to customers, Georgeson said.
The Tesla gallery at Westfield Montgomery is designed to be an educational center, not a place where people will be pressured into buying anything, Georgeson added.
If you can't quite afford a $60,000 car right now, do what this reporter did: Check it out, and look forward to the time—hopefully a few years from now—when electric cars will be so common that they'll be available on the used car market.
Will you check out the Tesla gallery? Are you excited about the greaseless electric car? The front trunk space? Tell us in the comments.
Editor's note: This post has been updated.
Residents of a Chicago suburb are angry and confused after a store opened selling diapers, soothers, cribs and rocking horses designed specifically for adults.
The shop, Tykables, in Mount Prospect caters for diaper fetishists and has a seven-foot crib, an oversized high chair and adult-sized playpen.
Owner John-Michael Williams said some of his customers needed adult diapers for medical needs but many others were 'Adult Baby Diaper Lovers'.
Owner John-Michael Williams in front of a stack of adult diapers. He says most of his sales are online but he thought the store would be good for those people who 'don't have access to a nursery' of their own
Diaper fetishism is closely related to paraphilic infantilism, also known as autonepiophilia, in which adults are sexually aroused by the idea of being a baby.
Mr Williams told WGNTV: 'The biggest concerns come from people who don't understand our business and what we do.'
Resident Greg Suarez said: 'It's really weird, especially for this area, when I found about it is was just kind of a shock, I didn't know people like that stuff.'
The store has an adult-sized rocking horse (left) and a giant playpen (right, behind owner John-Michael Williams)
Mr Williams in front of the 7ft tall crib. The town's mayor says there is nothing illegal about the products on sale in the store
Resident Greg Suarez said: 'It's really weird, especially for this area, when I found about it is was just kind of a shock, I didn't know people like that stuff.'
But Mount Prospect's mayor says it is not breaking any laws.
Arlene Juracek said: 'When you look at the codes and all the definitions, there's nothing pornographic about it, there's nothing that would violate any sense of decency.'
Mr Williams said most of his business is done online but he said the shop was designed for 'people to come and play, take pictures with. Not everybody has access to a nursery.'
Many residents expressed their outrage at a public meeting.
Brandon Richards said: 'It's hard for us to swallow in this community. This is not the community that I moved to.'
But another resident told the meeting: 'They're not having sex with their diapers on, they're having people feed them and act like a baby.'
Mrs Juracek told the public meeting: 'In addition to the parental concerns many of you have expressed, what we have here is quite personally one of a mayor's worst nightmares.'
Adults wanting to play as babies isn't harming anyone. And if that sexually arouses them it's okay Tyomi Morgan
Chicago-based sexuality coach Tyomi Morgan told Mail Online diaper fetishists were not pedophiles and had no truck with child molesters.
She said: 'These fetish players are not aroused by the idea of having sex with children. They are aroused by the idea of playing as children, wearing the clothing, being treated like babies. This desire hurts no one.
'This is the cardinal rule about sexual expression: any expression is okay as long as it doesn't harm yourself or anyone else.
'Adults wanting to play as babies isn't harming anyone. And if that sexually arouses them it's okay.
The recent West Coast earthquake appears to have shut off the water at the popular hot springs in Haida Gwaii's national park, but there is hope they could reappear someday.
After Saturday's 7.7 magnitude earthquake, Parks Canada workers went to check the springs and found they had run dry, according to Barb Rowsell, who owns Anvil Cove Charters.
"Three people went down to check it out, and sure enough there is no hot water and the rocks are dry and cold," said Rowsell, who has been ferrying visitors to Hotspring Island for years.
The hot springs in Gwaii Haanas National Park were a popular attraction for decades. (D.Kendrick/Parks Canada)
The popular natural attraction in Gwaii Haanas National Park has been a major tourist draw for decades.
The park's superintendent Ernie Gladstone said the springs were still steaming last week, but now, to his dismay, there is not even a puddle left.
"We did have staff on site on Thursday before Saturday's events, and now less than a week later the water's not flowing so we have to assume it's a result of Saturday's earthquakes or one of the many aftershocks since then," said Gladstone.
Hot springs could return, say experts
It's not yet clear why or when the springs dried up, but geological experts will be investigating what may have happened in the days to come, Gladstone said.
Some locals on Haida Gwaii say the hot springs have disappeared in the past after an earthquake, only to reappear a couple of years later.
UBC seismologist Michael Bostock said that once the underlying plates start grinding again, stresses in the fault line are likely to build up in the same locations.
"When the earthquake struck last weekend, openings along the fault line changed and the fracture that resulted in hot springs was likely closed."
He said he can't be certain the hot springs will return, but "it seems like a good bet, given the way that things have behaved in the past."
Natural attraction will be missed
Carol Kulesha, the mayor of the village of Queen Charlotte, said the natural attraction will be missed by locals as much as tourists.
"Even though it's a distance from Queen Charlotte, it's something we all like to go to whenever we have an opportunity."
Rowsell, the tour operator, said she is trying to be philosophical about their disappearance, and that she hopes tourists will keep coming to the region anyway, for its other beauties.
Gwaii Haanas National Park superintendent Ernie Gladstone stands in the empty cliff pool after earthquake. (Parks Canada)
"Well, as my husband said, the Earth gives and it takes away."
The 7.7 quake struck just after 8 p.m. Saturday and residents of the region reported the shaking lasted for up to a minute, but there was no damage to homes or other structures reported.
It was the largest quake recorded in Canada in 60 years and struck just off the coast of Haida Gwaii. Dozens of aftershocks as strong as 6.3 have since rattled the region.
The current generation of pensioners is better off than ever before, and for the first time have incomes higher on average than the rest of the population, the director of the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) Paul Johnson will say in giving the inaugural Pensions Management Institute annual lecture later today (18.30 Tuesday 20 Oct 2015).
Johnson will set out how modelling by IFS researchers suggests that pensioners' incomes will continue to rise for at least the next decade. However, it is unlikely that later generations will do as well. Future state pensions will be less generous on average, there has been an extraordinary fall in rates of home ownership, and, in the private sector, a collapse in membership of defined benefit occupational pension schemes. Younger generations are also likely bearing some of the cost of these generous occupational pension schemes from which they themselves will never benefit.
Johnson will also use his lecture to outline some policy priorities for making state and private pensions more stable and sustainable, for example ending the so-called triple lock on the state pension and bringing stability to the taxation of private pensions.
Drawing on work by IFS researchers, Johnson will show how:
Pensioners now have higher incomes on average than the rest of the population, once housing costs and family composition are taken into account. Pensioners' incomes have continued to rise post-recession as the incomes of working-age households have fallen;
This represents a remarkable transformation, Johnson will say. Just 30 years ago pensioners were are at least three times as likely to be poor as non-pensioners. They are now less likely to be poor;
A large proportion of those retiring now will actually be better off in retirement than they were on average during their working life.
On state pensions Johnson will suggest that the new single tier pension for those reaching the state pension age on from next April will represent the logical culmination of 30 years of policy aimed at undoing the introduction of the State Earnings Related Pension Scheme (SERPS) in 1978. Johnson says the single tier pension represents a stable basis for future provision but:
The “triple lock” policy, whereby the pension rises by the highest of inflation (as measured by the consumer prices index (CPI)), earnings growth, and 2.5%, needs to end. At some point it will prove to be prohibitively expensive; the OBR estimates that it will add well over one per cent of national income to pension spending by the middle of this century relative to the cost of earnings indexation. It also adds a bizarre degree of randomness into the future level of state pensions which will depend not on overall increases in prices or earnings but on the timing of those rises;
Continuing increases in pension age, in order to help drive up the age at which people actually stop work, is likely to be vital to the sustainability of the system.
Johnson says that rather greater change is needed in the private sector to make it work better:
When most pension income came from state pensions and defined benefit occupational pensions risks of poor investment returns and changing longevity were shared between individuals and generations. The increasing dependence on private defined contribution pensions leaves those least able to bear risk – individual savers – bearing all the risk themselves. With the end of compulsory annuitisation this is also true in retirement. This cannot be optimal. Finding some way to share and socialise risk in pension saving must be a priority;
To ensure the sustainability of the remaining defined benefit schemes, and help with a more equitable distribution between generations, there is a strong case for moving all defined benefit pensions, both preserved and in payment, to indexation in line with the CPI rather than the now discredited RPI;
There is an urgent need to bring stability and rationality to the taxation of private pensions. Changes have been made far too frequently, making long-term planning impossible. The changes have themselves had little rationale. The Treasury's current consultation on tax creates even more uncertainty, but at least gives an opportunity to rationalise the system and put it on a long-term sustainable basis. Its starting point ought to be that providing people with tax relief for pension saving when contributions are made, and charging tax (including National Insurance) on withdrawal, is the efficient, neutral basis for personal taxation.
IFS director Paul Johnson says [Note: quote may not appear in the unscripted lecture]: “We have achieved an astonishing turnaround in the incomes of pensioners over the last three decades, without increasing public spending to levels seen in many other continental European countries. But the longer term future looks very uncertain. Those now in their 20s, 30s and 40s may well end up with lower incomes in retirement than their parents. The focus for policy needs to be on getting private provision right, with more risk sharing, and a rational and stable tax policy.”
Notes to editors
1. The slides for the inaugural Pensions Management Institute annual lecture by the IFS director Paul Johnson are available from Jonathan Wood, IFS press & communications manager, on jonathan_w@ifs.org.uk or 020 7291 4818
2. The inaugural lecture will take place at 18.30 on Tuesday 20 October 2015 at JP Morgan Chase, 60 Victoria Embankment, Blackfriars, London. The event is fully booked.
UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage has warned that some EU countries face "mass civil unrest, possibly even revolution" as a result of austerity cause by the euro crisis.
He told the European Parliament the rise of "extreme" parties "could cause the rebirth of National Socialism" in countries such as Greece.
Mr Farage, whose party wants the UK to leave the EU, urged an end to the eurozone project.
It was "headed the wrong way", he said.
In Greece, the leader of the left-wing Syriza bloc, Alex Tsipras, has tried to form a government following inconclusive elections on Sunday.
He has described the EU-International Monetary Fund bailout, and its resulting austerity measures, as "barbaric".
'Utter desperation'
In the European Parliament, Mr Farage, who is an MEP for south-eastern England, said: "When people stand up and talk about the great success that the EU has been, I'm not sure anybody saying it really believes it themselves anymore."
He added: "This has all gone badly wrong and the EU Titanic has now hit the iceberg.
"It's a European Union of economic failure, of mass unemployment and of low growth."
Of the euro, Mr Farage also said: "This now poses huge dangers to the continent. We face the prospect of mass civil unrest, possibly even revolution in some countries that are being driven in to total and utter desperation...
"In Greece what we saw last Sunday was rather reminiscent of the German election of 1932. We saw the status-quo centre collapse and the extremes of Right and Left rise.
"This project could even cause the rebirth of National Socialism in Europe. We are headed the wrong way.
"We must break up the eurozone. We must set those Mediterranean countries free."
Security officers at an Amsterdam airport found over 200 live tarantulas in the luggage of a German couple.
According to The Local, the pair are thought to have been waiting for a connecting flight on their way back from Peru when customs officials at Schipol airport noticed the spiders during a routine baggage scan.
When they opened the suspicious-looking case, 200 live tarantulas - along with grasshoppers, millipedes and beetles, which the couple had put into little boxes - began to escape.
The Dutch finance ministry, which is responsible for the airport's customs system, confirmed that all the animals had been successfully captured and confiscated.
As the budding naturalists had taken the insects and arachnids from the wild, the creatures were then forwarded to the relevant authorities for inspection in case any of them were harbouring disease.
At this stage, it is not known what the couple had planned to do with their exotic acquisitions. A spokeswoman for the finance ministry added that Amsterdam customs officials had never encountered a collection of that size and kind before.
Emily Short is one of the world's leading gurus on Interactive Fiction. We're delighted to tell you that IF Only will be a regular column about the myriad world of IF gaming.
Back in the late 90s, the name “interactive fiction” was applied mostly to parser-based text adventures descended from Zork, where all output was in text and the player had to type commands to proceed. The genre has opened up enormously in recent years, with Twine and other choice-based fiction now often included in IF competitions and databases, and with some players and journalists applying the term “interactive fiction” even to graphical games with 3D environments if they have enough of a focus on story. Contrary to common report, though, this doesn't mean that text adventures have either gone away or stopped innovating.
Some of those innovations have been technical: Andrew Plotkin's epic, massively intricate alchemy puzzler Hadean Lands includes a puzzle automation system in which the game learns the player's solutions to intricate problems and then executes them for you.
But there has also been a trend in the other direction, towards simplicity. Over the past few years, we've seen more and more parser games with limited verb sets, where you can make progress with just a handful of commands. Often they give the player a complete list of the verbs needed to finish right at the outset of play. If you like the idea of parser games but don't usually get along with the demands of the interface, you might find one of these more accessible.
Superluminal Vagrant Twin by C. E. J. Pacian.
Pacian's been writing parser games with restricted verb sets for a few years now, including Gun Mute in 2008, a tightly focused puzzle combat game with a western flavor, and Weird City Interloper, in which the protagonist follows a chain of conversational evidence through a fantasy city.
Superluminal Vagrant Twin is in the same style as these earlier projects, but more expansive. You're invited to explore the galaxy, accumulate resources, and eventually try to free your eponymous twin. Pacian's gift for strange allusive world-building is on full display here, and there are lots of surprises to find even after you've accomplished the main quest. Meanwhile the tight design keeps the game from getting overwhelming. Important things to interact with are marked in bold text, and verbs are listed with the ABOUT command.
Chandler Groover is a prolific new writer of interactive fiction who released nine games in 2015 alone. Midnight. Swordfight. is my favorite of his 2015 works: a game that allows the player to treat the story as a stage play. You can walk back and forth between past and future scenes, swap props around, and then return to the story's end to see how the outcome has changed. The setting is bizarre and fantastical, at turns reminding me of Baron Munchausen, Doctor Who, and Poe — so the scope of possible outcomes is very broad indeed. It's also worth spending some time with Dmitri, a character whose very extensive fund of conversation provides much of the game's characterization.
This design offers the player significant narrative agency with a minimum of distractions. The game is so streamlined that almost no moves are dedicated to storyless puzzle-solving or because-it's-there interactions. You can radically alter the outcome of the story with just a few steps. And there's always a play script in your inventory that will tell you which verbs are currently available, never a long list. (If this is likely to concern you, please note that there is some explicit sex in this game.)
In Caleb Wilson's curious story of hallucination and post-colonial decay, you make progress almost entirely by examining things. Look at one item and find a key detail in it; look at the detail to get another full description with another detail; repeat through multiple layers. Reading these descriptions feels like an endless zoom shot, descending deeper and deeper into the story's environment, and simultaneously losing any sense of where the protagonist is standing. It's a trick that would be hard to imagine in any medium but text.
Lime Ergot is a very short piece, but its elegantly simple design inspired imitators, among them Chandler Groover's Toby's Nose, in which you play Sherlock Holmes' dog and solve crimes by smelling things.
Arthur DiBianca's Variety Box is a small, tightly scoped puzzle game: there's just one object to play with, though it has a lot of sub-parts. In contrast with most of the other games on this list, Grandma Bethlinda isn't primarily telling a story; it's just a gentle, playful experiment with a weird interactive toy.
By Victor Gijsbers and his team, this is a text adventure-roguelike, which means the verb set is mostly about moving, spell-casting, and tactical combat options. It's been under continuous collaborative development since 2011. During that time, it's developed a fancier interface than usual for text adventures, as well as a large cast of possible characters and enemies. Kerkerkruip is challenging and highly replayable; you'll almost certainly die ignominiously on the first several attempts. At the same time, it's still enough a piece of interactive fiction that the prose descriptions do matter, and the environments contain hints of Kerkerkruip‘s world and culture.
This S. John Ross game has been around since 2007, and I still love it. You play a Conan-style barbarian of limited intellect, which may explain why you only ever want to REGARD (examine), SEIZE (take), USE, PARLEY WITH, or ASSAIL items and NPCs. The result is a wickedly-written send-up of science fiction and fantasy RPG tropes, where the challenge is typically about choosing which encounters to try first in order to level up.
Caelyn Sandel's Light My Way Home is a short atmospheric piece that can be played entirely with compass directions, EXAMINE, and the special verb POWER. There's an online version available, but if you play the downloadable version of the game, you'll be able to hear the accompanying music and sound effects; these do a lot to set the mood. (I rely on Gargoyle to play downloaded parser IF.)
Danse Nocturne by Joey Jones is interactive poetry set at the time of Charlemagne, concerning a woman entranced to dance against her will. It brings the total number of necessary verbs all the way down to zero: the protagonist is always dancing, and the only question is how. You can play this one by typing only adverbs describing the dance style — slyly? angrily? slowly? — and the story will unfold gradually, describing the protagonist's mood and attitude, interspersed with the major points of its story.
Finally, if you're in the mood for a meta take on this problem, check out Matt Sheridan Smith's You Can't See Any Such Thing, a limited-verb parser game that is partly about the frustrations of dealing with a parser. Whenever you give a command that the game doesn't understand — typically by referring to an object that isn't currently implemented — you'll get a specialized error message containing some of the game's backstory. In fact, the only way to get a full view of what's going on in this one is to issue at least a few commands that the parser doesn't recognize.
For still other recommendations, as well as a deeper dive into the craft considerations behind designing this kind of interactive fiction, you may like Sam Kabo Ashwell's article on Narrow Parsers.
[Disclosures: Emily Short has been to dinner with Caelyn Sandel and Andrew Plotkin; she has played RPGs with Victor Gijsbers. She runs an interactive fiction meetup group that Joey Jones sometimes attends. Sam Kabo Ashwell was a witness at her wedding. More generally, Emily is not a journalist by trade and works professionally with various interactive fiction publishers. You can find out more about her commercial affiliations at her website.]
Open-source operating systems have their ups and downs, but their main upside is that anyone with the know-how can sit down and modify things to fit their own liking. Looking at Linux as the main example, you have your big distributions like Ubuntu and Fedora and their strange little offspring, like Anonymous OS, which I reported on back in March.
Key Anonymous figureheads distanced themselves from this operating system, claiming the download to be packed with trojans and other nasty stuff you wouldn't choose to install on a computer. Now we have another operating system drawing inspiration from Anonymous and their 'hacktivism'.
To give everyone involved credit, Whonix is a much more inventive name than Anonymous OS.
The idea of remaining anonymous online is still one some people are eagerly pursuing. Whonix employs Debian GNU/Linux, Tor, and VirtualBox with the end goal being to mask your IP address entirely. The OS isn't yet complete; the SourceForge page seems to indicate it's at v0.45, with some bugs needing ironed out.
If the idea of remaining anonymous online tickles your fancy, they also encourage you to contribute. The developers seem honest, admitting that there are downsides to Whonix when compared to a traditional operating system. The project was last updated four days ago, and the team have close to 2,000 downloads for their efforts.
Source: Whonix SourceForge
Thanks to developer 'adrelanos', who emailed me about this project!
Coalition sues Portland, Hales over homeless policy Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved A homeless camper was shot in SE Portland, Mar. 31, 2016 (KOIN) [ + - ] Video
PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) --- Mayor Charlie Hales and the City of Portland are being sued over homeless policies that allow transients to sleep on local sidewalks or public rights of way as part of a 6-month "experiment".
The Safe & Livable Portland coalition filed its lawsuit Wednesday, calling Mayor Hales' steps to curb the homeless problem in Portland an "abuse of power" and an "authoritarian act".
"You should not experiment on people," said Susan Steward of the Building Owners and Managers Association, one of several groups behind the lawsuit.
Steward was referring to the "Safe Sleep Policy" Mayor Hales enacted in February. The "experiment" allows the homeless to pitch tents and sleep on public sidewalks.
It passed without any community input or a City Council vote.
BOMA and other businesses that make up the Safe & Livable Portland coalition claim Mayor Hales abused his power and broke state law in passing the legislation.
"What's so great about Portland is there's always a public process. There are always committees and we have input. We don't always get what we want, but at least we're listened to," Steward said. "There was nothing. All of a sudden this just happened."
The Overlook Neighborhood Association, a plaintiff in the suit, says homeless camps in the area are out of control. Members are calling the city out for not listening.
"City hall has not been engaging with neighborhoods, businesses and residents of Portland in developing a comprehensive strategy to helping our homeless communities," Overlook neighborhood resident Chris Trejbal said.
Trejbal says the biggest concern is that Mayor Hales acted alone.
"We aren't a city that gives one man, the mayor, complete authority over how we're going to deal with a challenge to the city of such tremendous scope," Trejbal said.
A spokesperson for Hales' office said the mayor was unavailable for comment.
The city does not otherwise comment on pending litigation.
EXCLUSIVE: James McAvoy is in talks to set into the role previously being eyed by Joaquin Phoenix in M. Night Shyamalan's new feature project, which will go before the cameras in November. Jason Blum, who paired with the director on Universal's recent horror film The Visit, is producing the project. Marc Bienstock also produces, while Ashwin Rajan and Steven Schneider are on board as exec producers.
The logline for the new project is being kept under wraps, but Deadline has learned that it will be on the lower end of the budget scale, more in keeping with The Visit (budgeted at $5 million and fully financed by Shyamalan) than, say, the likes of The Last Airbender ($150 million).
McAvoy, who just completed X-Men: Apocalypse for Fox and Victor Frankenstein for that studio and Davis Entertainment, is repped by United Agents in the UK and UTA. Shyamalan is repped by WME.
Divers have located the body of Lucas Cochrane at this spot on a Whitianga waterway.
The family of Lucas Cochrane has thanked all of those who were involved in trying to find the missing Auckland teenager.
The body of Cochrane has been found in a Whitianga waterway, four days after he went missing.
It was his cap, found in a walkway between two properties on the edges of Aquila Drive waterways, that led police to the discovery.
PHILLIPA YALDEN/STUFF Lucas Cochrane, 19, was last seen before midnight at a function at the Whitianga Fire Station on Saturday, September 24.
His father Dave Cochrane, issued a statement on behalf of the family, in which they say "with the deepest regret that they are saddened but relieved to have Luke returned to them.
"The people of Mercury Bay and local businesses, have humbled us with their overwhelming kindness and generosity in our moment of need.
"Police and Search and Rescue, along with family and friends and many volunteers who didn't even know Luke – we give you our heartfelt thanks for your love and support," Dave wrote.
PHILLIPA YALDEN/FAIRFAX NZ Police have searched a blue and white boat anchored in the waterway off Aquila Dr in their search for Lucas Cohrane.
The family have now asked for privacy to grieve.
Cochrane left a friend's family function in Whitianga about 10.30pm on Saturday night and hadn't been seen since. His phone was reportedly active for an hour afterwards.
About 6pm on Wednesday, divers surfaced from the waterway directly in front of the blue home, but did not leave the water.
PHILLIPA YALDEN/STUFF Police searching around a two storey house on the river way off Aquila Dr, Whitianga, on Wednesday afternoon after a hat was found in the area.
READ MORE:
* Search for teen after function
* Rescuers won't stop looking
At the police cordon on the edge of Kupe Drive, eastern area commander John Kelly confirmed police located the body.
"Subject to formal identification, of course, however all indications are it is the body of missing person Luke Cochrane."
PHILLIPA YALDEN/FAIRFAX NZ Police national dive squad searches the waterway in Whitianga on Wednesday morning.
Family of the 19-year-old have been informed.
"They are obviously distraught but they also acknowledge the support from the Whitianga community and Search and Rescue volunteers."
The black cap was discovered perched on a fence by a police officer following up on routine inquiries, about 3.30pm.
PHILLIPA YALDEN/FAIRFAX NZ Surf lifesavers launch IRBs into waterways in Whitianga during the search for missing teen Lucas Cochrane.
Kelly said the homeowner had earlier discovered the hat and placed it on the fence, thinking the owner would pick it up.
He could not say how long it had been sitting there.
"The whole town has been checked by Land Search and Rescue."
PHILLIPA YALDEN/FAIRFAX NZ Searchers discuss area to cover in Whitianga.
Shortly before Cochrane's body was found, fewer than 400 metres from where he was last seen with friends at the fire station, friends gathered on the edge of the waterway. Cars parked in the street were plastered with missing person's posters, in the hope their mate was still alive.
On their faces the realisation that he was lost had appeared.
Family had gathered elsewhere on Wednesday night to remember their son and older brother.
PHILLIPA YALDEN/STUFF The Whitianga Fire Station is the base for the search for missing man Lucas Cochrane.
He came to Whitianga for the first time at the weekend with a group of mates.
Together they rented a bach through Book a Bach on the main street of town and went to a gathering at the local fire station to farewell the brother-in-law of a local firefighter.
Drinks were shared and about 10.30pm Cochrane walked out. He never made it back to the rented bach.
For four days up to 50 volunteers have scoured gardens, roads, bushes and waterways for any sign of the 19-year-old.
Masses of food had been donated to feed the masses of people huddling in from the search at the airport hangar, as rain consistently drenched the town.
On Wednesday police divers methodically trawled through the murky and silty waters for any sign of him.
His death would now be referred to the coroner.
Ex-Middletown officer gets 7 years in prison for receiving child pornography Pleads guilty to child exploitation charges
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Ex-Middletown officer gets 7 years in prison for receiving child pornography 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
CROMWELL >> A former Middletown police officer was sentenced May 1 in U.S. District Court to seven years in prison after he pleaded guilty in September to receiving child pornography, according to a press release from the U.S. attorney's office.
Samuel DiProto, 63, downloaded pornography files from a file-sharing network from 2009-2013.
DiProto was a police officer with the Middletown department from Sept. 21, 1987, to Aug. 19, 2009, according to police spokeswoman Lt. Heather Desmond.
A Connecticut State Police detective discovered DiProto's child pornography after logging into the publicly available Internet file-sharing network, according to court documents. Authorities were able to trace a computer with the pornographic photographs and videos back to DiProto, the release said.
DiProto is required to complete 10 years of supervised release when he finishes his prison sentence.
The case was brought as part of Project Safe Childhood. In 2006, the U.S. Department of Justice created the nationwide initiative to protect children from exploitation and abuse. Led by the U.S. attorneys' offices and the DOJ's Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section, Project Safe Childhood taps federal, state and local resources to better locate, apprehend and prosecute individuals who exploit children, and to identify and rescue victims.
Industry Tries to Hide “Ag-Gag” Efforts, Turns Away Journalists From #AAA13 Conference
The agriculture industry is holding a conference right now about “ag-gag” laws, which criminalize anyone who exposes animal welfare abuses on factory farms and slaughterhouses. In response to the massive public backlash against the bills, the industry is now trying to keep journalists and attorneys away from its conference.
The conference is ominously called “Activists at the Door: Protecting Animals, Farms, Food & Consumer Confidence.” It's hosted by the Animal Agriculture Alliance today and tomorrow in Arlington, Virginia.
The ag alliance invited media to register for the conference months ago. I took them up on that offer, and sent in my press credentials and asked to be registered.
They promptly denied me.
“The fact is you don't have the right to know where your food came from.” — Joe Miller, Rose Acre Farms, at AAA13
Emily Meredith, the communications director, wrote back that “The Alliance Summit is specifically for Alliance members, donors and other invited stakeholders affiliated with the Alliance.” (That's a lie, as you can see here in their email asking media to register).
It turns out the alliance is also turning away attorneys, including Nicole Roth, who is on the board of directors of the Animal Legal Defense Fund. The ag alliance's response to Roth was even more candid: “…we reserve the right to deny registration to anyone who we feel will not aid our organization and industry stakeholders…”
As the Animal Legal Defense Fund reports:
Why else would an attorney, mom of two, with no criminal record or history of civil disobedience be denied access? Maybe it is because I am on the Board of Directors of the Animal Legal Defense Fund. Not only is the AAA prohibiting law abiding citizens like myself access to the conference, the AAA has also denied press passes to reporters known to critique their practices. Reporter Will Potter, author of Green Is The New Red, was similarly denied access. It would seem that the AAA is going to some length to ensure that people with strong voices on one side of the issue are not in the room for their conferences. That might make sense if the AAA's agenda is to protect the businesses and profits of the agriculture industry. If they want to protect consumers, food, and animals, as they claim, then sharing information and having an intelligent debate would better serve their interests.
That's what this is all about: protecting corporate profits by keeping consumers in the dark. The ag industry has reason to fear public attention. Just look at what happened yesterday: just 24 hours after I broke a story about the first ag-gag arrest in the country and it went viral, prosecutors had dropped all charges. Right now, Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam is considering a veto of new ag-gag legislation.
The Animal Agriculture Alliance says this conference will provide “expert advice” on ag-gag legislation, and handling undercover investigations. Here's some better advice for corporate attendees: stop trying to hide.
UPDATE: Looks like someone has a video feed:
A new eSports team has been born in Malaysia – and they are ready to go and have some Overwatch matches. Cooler Master, in collaboration with Malaysian Battlefield Team (MBT), is celebrating the formation of its first all-female Overwatch team, MBT.Valkyrie.
As the official partner of MBT, Cooler Master will be supporting this new team with its Case, Power Supply, Thermal Solutions and Peripherals to allow them to pursue their dreams further. Since Cooler Master's collaboration with MBT last year, they have continued to reach for their goals by inspiring their younger members to strive in eSports while shaping a positive gaming community in Malaysia. The team's effort in organizing Cyberfusion 2016 community events and show-matches proves the capability and sustainability of MBT. MBT's eSports Division also did well and is the Winner of MSI Overwatch Open Tournament 2017 & 2nd Runner-Up in the Overwatch MSI MGA Dragon Cup 2017.
The new team is set to cut some swath in the field that has been very testosterone-dominated, and we are exciting to see what the valkyries can do in the gaming scene as well as doing the country proud on the world stage.
Malaysia Battlefield Team (MBT), Valkyrie Division
Sylvia “Yue” Yap
Elaine “Bloodyrukia” Chern
Alice “EvieNya” Chong
Angeline “iCaramel” Chan
Tan “GrilledKoi” Yen Li
Amanda “Hamlet” Yow
Yuukii “Kusochii” Yong
Advertisements
Introduction
Rep. Barry Loudermilk (left), a Georgia Republican seen here in January with House Speaker Paul Ryan (right), is among lawmakers who say its time Congress provide more oversight of the Federal Election Commission, which has for years been beset with internal troubles. Zach Gibson/AP
The Federal Election Commission — an agency of clashing commissioners, seething staffers and key vacancies — may soon face congressmen who wonder: Why's the agency a basket case?
Such a trip under Congress' microscope could come in the form of a Committee on House Administration oversight hearing, something the FEC hasn't endured since 2011, when super PACs were still novel and the now-seminal Citizens United v. FEC decision wasn't yet two years old. A planned oversight hearing in 2014 never materialized.
“It's time,” Committee on House Administration member Barry Loudermilk, a Republican congressman from Georgia, told the Center for Public Integrity. “We should take the opportunity and have a re-evaluation.”
An oversight hearing is “both urgent and necessary” and should be conducted “sooner rather than later,” said Jamie Fleet, a spokesman for Rep. Robert Brady, the committee's ranking Democrat.
Committee on House Administration Chairman Gregg Harper, R-Mississippi, is open to bringing FEC leaders up to Capitol Hill, with spokeswoman Erin McCracken saying the committee will “continue to use appropriate mechanisms of oversight, which could include possible hearings.”
The Senate Committee on Rules and Administration also appears to have increased appetite for reviewing FEC affairs. Although this committee has this decade conducted FEC commissioner confirmation hearings and hearings about campaign money, it has not specifically conducted an FEC oversight hearing since 2004, according to committee records.
“There are many campaign finance issues that need to be discussed and investigated by the Senate … hearings in the Rules Committee would help increase transparency and shed light on our campaign finance system, which is badly in need of reform,” said Sen. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minnesota, the committee's ranking Democrat.
Torrie Matous, a spokeswoman Senate Committee on Rules and Administration Chairman Richard Shelby, R-Alabama, said Shelby is “committed to proper oversight of the FEC and has staff dedicated to those efforts.”
Plenty to talk about
If an oversight hearing occurs in one or both chambers, expect tension.
Lots.
The six-member FEC is down to five commissioners — Democrat Ann Ravel resigned March 1 — and all the remaining members are serving even though their terms have expired.
Ravel said she was bedeviled by what she declared “scandalous federal inaction” and Republican-driven “dysfunction and deadlock.” Republican Commissioner Lee Goodman, for one, roundly rejected the accusations.
Ravel and Goodman both have predicted more departures, and Goodman himself told The Hill he'll leave this year.
If two more commissioners quit the agency without President Donald Trump immediately replacing them, expect the lack of a quorum on the commission to worsen the gridlock. In 2008, the last time the commission lost a quorum, much of the agency's business ground to a halt.
A White House press official declined to comment on the record about the Federal Election Commission or the replacement of FEC commissioners.
Staff morale, meanwhile, ranks near the bottom of all federal agencies — a situation exacerbated of late by a senior FEC manager improperly obtaining and sharing employees' supposedly confidential criticisms of their bosses.
And some key staff positions simply have no one occupying them, or do only on an “acting” basis. Most notable: the FEC, which is tasked with enforcing federal election laws, hasn't managed to appoint a general counsel since mid-2013, in part because commissioners can't agree on who to hire.
Other vacant senior FEC staff positions at the roughly 350-person agency include the budget director, accounting director and the deputy general counsel for law, FEC officials confirmed. The FEC's longtime inspector general Lynne McFarland this month retired on short notice, and the agency has not yet named a replacement.
( Update, 12:46 p.m., March 18, 2017 : Adav Noti, the FEC's associate general counsel for policy, will also leave the agency and join the Campaign Legal Center, three FEC sources familiar with Noti's departure confirmed to the Center for Public Integrity. Noti and Campaign Legal Center spokesman Corey Goldstone declined to comment when reached by email and text message. The Campaign Legal Center is a nonpartisan campaign reform organization led by former FEC Chairman Trevor Potter. Update, 2:59 p.m., March 21, 2017: Noti will begin work at the Campaign Legal Center on April 24, where he will work as the organization's director of trial litigation.)
Senior staff positions filled with staffers working in an “acting” capacity include chief financial officer, deputy staff director, deputy chief information officer, assistant general counsel for enforcement and assistant general counsel for policy. Often, staffers working in “acting” capacities cause vacancies in lower-level FEC positions.
Aside from general counsel and inspector general — positions mandated by federal law — the FEC is not actively filling jobs because of a federal hiring freeze Trump implemented in January.
Substance … or theater?
At a congressional oversight hearing, the prospect of “political theater” is high, said former FEC Acting General Counsel Daniel Petalas, added that “there would be a lot of work needed by the FEC to get up to speed on all the talking points required.”
Much work may come later, too. After the Committee on House Administration's contentious 2011 FEC oversight hearing, FEC officials released — under threat of subpoena — hundreds of pages of previously secret documents, including its manuals for enforcing campaign finance laws and auditing political committees.
Among the topics Petalas expects might arise at a new oversight hearing beyond vacancies and morale: agency enforcement guidelines, regulating the so-called “dark money” spent by politically active nonprofits and commissioners regularly deadlocking on high-profile legal matters.
Added Petalas, who left the agency last year to work as an attorney at law firm Garvey Schubert Barer: “Nobody at the FEC really wants to have to deal with that.”
But if he must, FEC Chairman Steven Walther is prepared.
Walther, who says no member of Congress has yet contacted him this year, would prefer if committee members would first address their concerns with him informally.
Beyond that, “I'm willing to meet with them any time on any topic,” said Walther, an independent who often (but not always) votes with his Democratic colleagues on the FEC.
FEC Vice Chairwoman Caroline Hunter, a Republican, concurred: “If Congress wants to hear from us, we'll do whatever it takes to prepare, and we'll be happy to answer their questions.”
Walther might, however, have a few questions of his own for Congress, which has all but ignored an annual legislative wish list the FEC's commissioners send members.
Walther says he's particularly interested in senators justifying their failure to file their campaign finance reports electronically, a move that's estimated to save taxpayers about $500,000 yearly. Unlike presidential and House candidates, Senate candidates continue filing their official reports on paper.
Congressional oversight hearings on the FEC would also be “an opportunity for the agency to state, for the record, the positive things it's doing,” said former FEC Chairman Scott Thomas, a Democrat who today is a partner at law firm Blank Rome LLP. Thomas quickly noted that members of Congress will nevertheless want to know “what the heck is going on there in terms of hiring up and low staff morale.”
High points for the agency include a long-awaited, soon-to-be-completed website redesign and the move to a new, more efficient agency headquarters.
A hearing is also an opportunity for Congress to reassert its oversight of the FEC — something that in recent years has been “very uneven,” said Michael Toner, a former Republican chairman of the FEC and current partner at law firm Wiley Rein LLP.
“It keeps you on your toes and makes you a better commissioner when you have public accountability,” Toner said.
Given the FEC's troubles, why has Congress not conducted an FEC oversight hearing since early this decade?
“It's their job to look at us in Congress,” Loudermilk said, “so you sometimes don't have a lot of us wanting to go after them.”
Versions of this article appear on NBC News and Public Radio International and in the Buffalo News.
Former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan, whose scathing memoir about his time in the Bush administration sent waves through Washington D.C., has agreed to testify before the House Judiciary Committee, a senior committee official told The Huffington Post.
[Update: Watch McClellan discuss his upcoming testimony on MSNBC's Countdown with Keith Olbermann. Video below.]
McClellan's book "What Happened" detailed the "propaganda campaign" that led up to the Iraq war. His hearing is expected to focus heavily on the outing of CIA agent Valerie Plame, an episode that McClellan has said was driven by political motivations from within the Oval Office. But the committee could press the former press secretary on other matters within its jurisdiction, including the possible authorization of torture by administration officials (though it remains to be seen how much knowledge McClellan has of that topic).
Earlier on Monday, Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers sent an letter to McClellan requesting his testimony.
"I have extended an invitation...after discussions between Committee staff and his attorneys," wrote Conyers. "In his book, Mr. McClellan suggests that senior White House officials may have obstructed justice and engaged in a cover-up regarding the Valerie Plame leak. This alleged activity could well extend beyond the scope of the offenses for which Scooter Libby has been convicted and deserves further attention."
The date on the invitation, June 20, was set in advance to accommodate McClellan's schedule, the official said.
McClellan will be the highest-ranking Bush administration official to be pressed by Congress on the Plame affair. Former Bush strategist Karl Rove has refused to testify, citing executive privilege.
And as such, the testimony could be extremely revealing. According to McClellan, the decision to leak Plame's covert identity emanated from the very top of the Bush White House. The move, he wrote, was politically motivated, as officials were peeved at the critical statements about Iraq coming from Plame's husband, former ambassador Joseph Wilson. While McClellan said that the president was ultimately misled by his advisers on the matter, he asserted that the episode itself was a stain on the Oval Office - one that led to his disillusionment.
"It's...clear to me that Scooter Libby was guilty of the perjury and obstruction crimes for which he was convicted," McClellan wrote. "When the president commuted Libby's prison sentence and thereby protected him from serving even one day behind bars, I was disappointed. This kind of special treatment undermines our system of justice."
Yikes: Obama now underwater in every state he flipped in '08
A big reason for the electoral victory for Barack Obama in 2008 was the ability of the Obama campaign to turn states that had gone from supporting Bush in '00 and '04 to supporting Obama. Part of this success was due to the sheer nature of a change of party in the White House, but part was also due to the supposed moderation and pragmatism of a Barack Obama that few really understood beyond amplified campaign outlines and a blank slate on which many projected whatever policies they thought a good President would follow.
Now, a bit more than one year later, a suprising verdict has been delivered by those states that went from red to blue in '08: every single one of them disapproves of his job performance. The bad news is delivered by Public Policy Polling, hardly a right-wing outlet:
-In Colorado a recent Rasmussen poll found his approval at 45/53. Research 2000 found his favorability at 46/47 in January. -In Florida Rasmussen found his approval at 45/54 and Quinnipiac's latest found it at 45/49. -In Indiana Rasmussen has his approval at 44/54 and Research 2000 finds his favorability at 46/49. -In Iowa Rasmussen has him at 45/54, and the latest Des Moines Register poll put his approval at 46%, though I can't find the disapproval number anywhere. -In Nevada Rasmussen finds his approval at 46/54. We found 44/52 in January. -In New Mexico we found his approval last week at 45/48. -In North Carolina our last poll put him at 45/51. -In Ohio Quinnipiac's last poll put him at 44/52. -In Virginia Rasmussen's latest has him a 48/51. SurveyUSA last had him at 44/54, and we put him at 42/52.
The article makes mention of Clinton being able to turn it around after disastrous midterms. The big difference is that Obama has shown none of Clinton's political survival skills or pragmatism, nor has he shown any proclivity to tack to the center. Unlike Clinton, Obama appears to be a liberal ideologue, vastly different from the open-minded moderate portrayed in the 2008 campaign.
That disparity is becoming more and more obvious to the American people, and they aren't happy about Obama's willingness to ignore the voters and follow his own ideological agenda. Voters must give their elected leaders some latitude to follow their own solutions, but when your constituents loudly and consistently demand a change of course, dismissing their concerns with a “we know best” attitude is poor governance and the diametric opposite of a representative republic.
:: :: :: :: :: :: :: :: ::
Advertisements
Shaved, trimmed, left alone, waxed out of existence or Vajazzled, we are both fascinated and utterly repelled by what women do and don't do with their hair “down there”. Everyone, it seems, has an opinion about pubic hair – and it's always that what someone else is doing is a little weird.
Earlier this week, Instagram deleted the account of Australian magazine Sticks and Stones after it posted a picture of two women in bathing suits with (apparently natural) pubic hair sticking out on the sides. In 2013, the social media platform did the same thing to Canadian photographer Petra Collins when she put up a photo of her unaltered bikini line. (Neither photograph displayed anything approaching actual nudity – just pubes poking out the edges of underwear.)
“I did nothing that violated the terms of use. No nudity, violence, pornography, unlawful, hateful or infringing imagery,” Collins wrote at the time. “What I did have was an image of MY body that didn't meet society's standard of ‘femininity.'”
Instagram is hardly alone. The television show The Bachelor has been accused of putting a black bar over a woman's pubic hair, and earlier this year a painting was removed from a London exhibition because it was deemed “pornographic” for displaying a woman's pubic hair.
So when did the hair at the high tide line become more shocking than a nipple?
Even as social media sites, television shows and museums are censoring any minute display of women's pubic hair, a natural look is making a comeback. Last year American Apparel featured mannequins with full bushes in a store window and The New York Times Style section claimed “a fuller look is creeping back”. The Guardian even called 2014 “the year of the bush!”.
Lest you worry that bikini waxers will be going out of business by the handful, they too are changing with the times: you can now purchase a “full bush Brazilian” which involves “removing all hair from the labia and butt crack while leaving the top untouched”. (That sounds to me like a vaginal mullet – “business in the front, party in the back”.)
So is the stray pube censorship part of a pubic hair backlash? Or just the standard misogynist disdain for anything on a woman that hasn't been properly shaved, trimmed, nipped and tucked? Despite the fact that visible pubic hair is being taken up as a social media cause along the lines of #FreeTheNipple, I'm not holding out hope that it will end the way that women's bodies are sexualized or controversialized.
Because even within feminism, we still find ourselves deriding other women's body hair choices as somehow unfeminist – judging women's extremely private choices about their body. But let she who hasn't waxed throw the first stone! While some people have it out over whether a full bush beats a shaved one (and which is best for feminism) I'll look forward to the day that our poor over-debated pubic hairs are given a break and left to their own devices – whether barely there or poking out the sides of our bathing suits.
Londonderry community worker, Julia Kee, has been unanimously endorsed by the Ulster Unionist Foyle Association as their candidate for the forthcoming General Election.
Julia Kee said:
“I am delighted to have been chosen as the Ulster Unionist candidate for the Foyle constituency. As someone who works within the community in Londonderry every day it would be an honour to be able to provide them with a strong voice at Westminster.
“If elected I would use my experience and track record of working for the benefit of the community to promote the interests of all the people of Foyle. I am passionate about the sustainability of the Third Sector, educational attainment and early intervention and those issues will be top of my agenda during this campaign and beyond.”
Ulster Unionist Party Leader Mike Nesbitt MLA said:
“With Willie Hay leaving elected politics for the House of Lords, new opportunities open up for unionist representation in Londonderry. Julia Kee is not only a fresh face, but a well-grounded candidate with her roots in the community. I am delighted Julia is standing on the 7th of May and am sure she has a long-term future representing the people of the Foyle constituency."
c5h3ris1253
Offline
Activity: 35
Merit: 0
NewbieActivity: 35Merit: 0 My Interview with CEO of Frozenb.it, Multsignature Bitcoin Wallet June 07, 2014, 01:30:56 AM
Last edit: August 08, 2014, 06:41:53 PM by c5h3ris1253 #1
http://i.imgur.com/GnmVzFG.png
Bitcoins the biggest concern has always been whether or not major national exchanges, a million dollar investment partnerships, common gambling website's or even an everyday guy's coins are truly safe? So let's ask that. Are my Bitcoins ( BTC ) truly 100% safe and for myself and myself only to control as I please? What if my private key is stolen do I lose all my bitcoins? Could there be a way to truly be safe, could there even be a way forcompletely anonymous people to hold coins together trustlessly? There is, and it's called multisignature (addresses).
Multisignature protocol caught my eye when gox failed. As someone who lost about every bitcoin they had in gox it intrigued me.
I asked myself how so few people know about something so innovatively simple and built into bitcoins protocol. Multisig is the perfect marriage for bitcoin and security.
Instead of one key, there are essentially 3 keys (or more) attributed to bitcoin address. It requires 2 of 3 private keys to-agree-to spend funds, that means you could hold all 3 for added security or have an address where you and your friends each have a key. I decided to look deeper into multisignature addresses and a name kept popping up, Calvin over at frozenb.it.
Considering Calvin, frozenbits CEO was someone who is on the front line of bitcoin innovation I wanted to get his input on things surrounding this mysterious new feature people are just now talking about. I asked him to go on the record talking about his service, multisig in general and what he differences really is. He agreed.
CHRIS- "So Calvin thanks for agreeing for the interview, I'm quite inspired by a few of the related emails you sent me and thanks for the time explaining the concept of multisig."
CALVIN- "We'll thank for having me do the interview, It's been quite the journey. Seeing someone begin interest in multisig and what we're trying to do is a sign frozenbits development is justified."
CHRIS- "I wanted to start off with something other than multisig. In regards to apple, how do you take this news?"
CALVIN- "Apple is creative, solid business plan and I think this is a calculated move they've been waiting for. I don't think I'd be far off from saying it both attracts a desirable demographic 18-25 years of age back into apple. It may also play into their new tone of "we're still cool and we like cool things." Like bicoin!
CHRIS- Insightful, Didn't think of that.
CHRIS- "I have seen a tweet the other day from you to armory. They released their own multisig feature called lockboxes I believe. Seeing you congratulate them was an interesting move."
CALVIN- " I love armory, I personally use their wallet for cold storage. Nothing beats being in control of your own coins. This inspired me to strive to leave the customer in charge of their coins when designing frozenbits underlying protocol. So that tweet was out of genuine love for their service, and philosophy. Seeing them dive into multisig was wonderful, knowing that people are seeing advances and Armory out of all services is embracing is forthright."
CHRIS- "There are so many different services out there, what makes frozenbit so special."
CALVIN- "Lets forget about the multisignature difference for a minute, because I believe so many others are going to embrace it soon. Frozenbit is, and will always will be a company that learns from all those before it. We know people want to be in control of their coins, we know people want privacy, we know people don't want another mark managing a system where their coins could be at risk.
I can assure you and any hearing about us for the first time or a long time follower that this is not the case. We have a dedicated team who works long nights, to get this to market as fast a possible. Great relations with bitcoin users, enthusiasts and even just the code behind it.
CHRIS- "Nice outlook, what about features, bonuses and such?"
CALVIN- "Frozenbit is the goodie bad of features. We pulled out all the stops to dedicate ourselves to living bitcoin. We use the same encryption techniques the military does, we store coins and wallets offline and we assign a cryptographic footprint to every account to sign their transactions when spending funds. Now our greatest feature is out strive to go mobile, very few wallets are.
I can assure you this will be the easiest bitcoin platform you've ever used, simplicity, accessibility and security all in one platform. And friends, lets not forget about referring your friends and reaping rewards! We want everyone to be as protected as our users so we are PAYING out bonuses when you refer a user!"
CHRIS- "Now, there isn't that much about you out there when I was researching into your developments."
CALVIN- "Well I'm attending Stanford university, I'm pursuing a masters in computer science and an MBA in risk management. Two things that make me keen and intrigued by bitcoin as a monetary system and it's underlying code. We're based in Palo alto, CA (Come visit us sometime, the coffee is on me) and there are 3 people working with me on this. We're a 100% self funded start-up, not one investor dollar is in this company we only answer to the people who love bitcoin and those who use our service.
CHRIS- "I may take you up on the coffee. Thanks for the interview, I think that about sums up everything I wanted to personally ask you!"
CALVIN- "Hey it's no problem. Like I said earlier thanks for doing this, bitcoin holds a lot of things that truly make it unique. I'm only one of the people unlocking those features and giving them to everyone equally."
http://i.imgur.com/m6Qn4Ud.png
After that interview that we did on the June 1st, It struck me so many things are overlooked. Multisignature seems to be the future, and if Calvin is the one to bring it to the light so be it. He definitely is the opposite of karpeles, open, intriguing and can explain something that when I first looked at it I gave up. Funny as though frozenbit solves that dilemma in the best way, remove the technical focus on interface, beauty and serenity of the service. Frozenbit may be the answer bitcoin users have been looking for to introduce multisig to business and enthusiasts alike. After the interview he informed me if anyone had any questions you can address to his twitter @frozenbitio, and he recommends visiting the website
http://i.imgur.com/Xcn135G.png
It's been a few years since Paul Kariya laced up his skates.
Save for a skating excursion with his niece and the odd rollerblading stint, the longtime member of the Anaheim Ducks has made a clean break from hockey since retiring.
Instead, there's a new sport in his life: Surfing.
(Kind of brings a whole new meaning to that iconic “Off the floor! On the board!” goal call, doesn't it?)
In an interview with the Vancouver Sun, Kariya — who was inducted into the British Columbia Sports Hall of Fame Thursday — said that he surfs “four or five days a week” and enjoys being part of a new “hockey community” of surfers that includes former teammates Teemu Selanne and Scott Niedermayer.
“Now there are a lot of retired players that live in the area and you get a chance to kind of be in the hockey community, stay in shape and you get that camaraderie that you get playing hockey,” Kariya told the Sun.
Kariya's cold-turkey absence from hockey isn't entirely surprising, considering the way he left. He was often sidelined with head injuries and even sat out the 2010-11 season in an attempt to recover before announcing his retirement. He was also known for calling for harsher penalties to offenders, and offered a similar sentiment during his Sun interview.
“We're still talking about it, so I think there's still an issue there,” he said. “To me, targeted headshots have no place in the game and the players that take those type of actions have no place in the game.”
Now, his focus is on the waves and living the California dream. Well, sort of.
“My friend says the best surfer in the water is the guy who's having the most fun,” he said. “So under those conditions, I'm a good surfer. But under normal conditions, not really.”
Brooklyn Nets forward Andray Blatche was questioned by Philadelphia police, but not charged, as part of a sexual assault investigation at an upscale hotel on Tuesday.
Philadelphia Police commissioner Charles Ramsey said Blatche was among the witnesses interviewed by police Tuesday. Two men who had been held for questioning were released Wednesday, according to ABC Action News in Philadelphia.
Ramsey told reporters that preliminary findings of the investigation show Blatche was not involved; however, Blatche has hired high-profile attorney A. Charles Peruto Jr., according to ABC. The attorney told the station Wednesday that he hadn't yet spoken to his client.
Officer Jillian Russell says the possible assault reportedly happened around 3:30 a.m. Tuesday in a room at the Four Seasons Hotel.
Ramsey told The New York Times that Blatche was in a group of three men and three women at the Four Seasons. Blatche and his party met the alleged 21-year-old victim at a gentlemen's club, according to ABC. The woman told police that she had consensual sex with one man and non-consensual sex with another man. She was taken by ambulance from the hotel around 4 a.m., according to multiple reports.
Ramsey did not know whether charges would be filed, in part because the woman was highly intoxicated.
"She was so intoxicated," Ramsey said, according to the newspaper. "She is not going to be a very good witness."
Big Al, mascot of the Alabama Crimson Tide, celebrates a touchdown against the Georgia State Panthers at Bryant-Denny Stadium on October 5, 2013 in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. (Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images)
Given what Alabama pays for football, AJ McCarron ought to be wearing a mink stole instead of a jersey. Each weekend when the top-ranked Crimson Tide runs on the field, it shows off the exquisite results of talent backed by wealth and plenty. The most successful program in college football also happens to be among the most expensive, costing $37 million last year. This trend, while certainly pleasing to the Bammers, is potentially bankrupting for the game, and it doesn't make you the wrong shade of red to say so.
The trouble is, Alabama sends the message that to win big, you have to spend big. It has become a virtually unassailable belief among football schools that to be in the top 25 and compete for a bowl berth, you must spend nine digits, whether you can afford it or not. But what happens when you lose? What if you don't make a high-dollar bowl, ticket sales fall off and TV ratings decline? A doomsday scenario, that's what.
If schools don't regain their fiscal sanity, pretty soon it won't just be Grambling that can't afford to scrub away the mold in the shower room.
According to sports economist Andrew Zimbalist, NCAA Division I schools have created a dangerous economy, spending and wasting wildly, gambling on limitless revenues and mortgaging the future.
“I think they are in a bubble,” Zimbalist said, “and the bubble is going to burst and undermine a lot of what's there.”
1 of 7 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Gallaudet University football program View Photos Signing on for the memories: At Gallaudet University, there are no scholarships, or alternate jerseys. They just play football. Caption Signing on for the memories: At Gallaudet University, there are no scholarships, or alternate jerseys. They just play football. Sophomore quarterback Todd Bonheyo, center, works during practice this week for undefeated Gallaudet. John McDonnell/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
This fall, Forbes examined football expenses in the top 25. While Alabama's spending was the highest, Ohio State was right behind at $34 million, and there was hardly a ranked school that didn't report at least $20 million or more in costs. What does the money go to? Well, in 2012, 'Bama spent $1.4 million on recruiting, according to numbers self-reported to the Department of Education. Another $5.3 million went to Coach Nick Saban's salary, and then there were 25 extra staffers who assist Saban, described as “non-coaching personnel.” Lucky for the state, the outlay paid off: The Tide has won three national titles in four years, and last season brought in $82 million in football-related revenue.
Yet many other schools spend just as liberally, without Alabama-like dominance. Texas ($25.8 million) is 4-2. Northwestern ($20.1 million) is in last place in its division of the Big Ten at 4-3. LSU ($24 million) is 6-2.
Nor do most of them pay their bills. According to the NCAA, just 23 athletic departments out of the 228 that play Division I football covered their expenses in 2011-12. And of those, just seven were fully self-sufficient; the rest needed subsidies from their states or universities.
In fact, those subsidies rose by a staggering $200 million over the previous year, football schools utterly callous to multimillion-dollar deficits, draining their campuses at a time when universities across the country are struggling to meet financial obligations. The Grambling scenario — dilapidated facilities and insufficient funding — is one that any number of schools could face if they aren't careful. But the worst part is, it's unnecessary.
It's simply not the case that to be top-tier requires these nine-digit layouts and endless deficits. Evidence for that consists of two words: Boise State.
Take a look at the profit-loss sheet for that program. From 2008 through 2011 the Broncos went 50-3. They've been undefeated twice, won a pair of Fiesta Bowls and upended the likes of Oregon, Virginia Tech, Georgia and Oklahoma. Know what their football costs were last year? Just $8.5 million. Revenue: $15.3 million.
You don't have to gamble like an out-of-control hedge-funder to compete on the biggest stage. You can spend reasonably and still win and make money. Need more evidence? One word: Purdue. The Boilermakers are that rarity, one of the seven programs to operate in the black. Athletic Director Morgan Burke, the former vice president of a steel company, has handled Purdue's business with an old fashioned fiscal ethic in his 20-year tenure. “Our mantra is, pay as you go,” he said.
He supports 18 varsity sports on a budget of $70 million, and he does so without sacrificing quality, or conscience. Think it harms the Boilermakers competitively? Think again. In 2011-2012, a total of 14 Purdue teams earned postseason NCAA berths, a school record. Individual athletes have won a total of 11 NCAA titles. Meantime the graduation rate for all athletes was 78 percent and they delivered a cumulative GPA of 3.01.
True, the football program is struggling this season at 1-6, but from 1997 to 2007, the Boilermakers appeared in 10 bowl games, including a Rose Bowl. And Burke's careful management means that when football is weak, other sports don't have to suffer, and he doesn't have to plunder the university's coffer.
“We try to make sure we have adequate reserves each year,” he said, “so if we have a year when the team doesn't perform well, you're not going to the university hat in hand.”
Why don't all athletic directors behave this way? What makes them gamble like speculators? “Every campus has a different risk tolerance,” Burke said diplomatically. According to Zimbalist, it's a false sense of security from the enormous proliferation of sports networks over the last couple of decades, and the assumption that rights fees will keep rising.
“Most of these programs are losing money and are a drain on schools' educational budgets,” Zimbalist said. “But another problem is the TV deals they've signed are not on firm ground, and some of them have thresholds that, if not met, could undo the contracts.”
For instance, some of the amounts delineated in the pacts are contingent on number of subscribers. Or stipulate that a certain amount of ad revenue must come in. If the thresholds aren't met, the money dries up.
Zimbalist's projections aren't just economist-theory. At Purdue, Burke sees it happening. “I would argue that the TV is now an offset against the gate,” he said. “You're seeing a softening of demand.”
Pull a brick out of the wall, and everything could collapse. Should those TV contracts fail to pay out, or not be renewed, schools could be facing massive cuts without replacement revenue — on some campuses as much as two-thirds of the overall athletic budget is based on football-TV-related revenues — coaches and staffers laid off. Sports downsized or eliminated. Worst of all, scholarships would disappear. And that would defeat the purpose of the whole exercise.
“This is one of the last merit-based scholarships out there,” Burke points out. “I don't want to do anything short-sighted to lessen opportunities for the next generation.”
For more by Sally Jenkins, visit washingtonpost.com/jenkins.
Bloodshed between the Israel Jews and the Palestinian Muslims is repeatedly reported in the nightly western news media. Why should people care? Because Rothschild Zionists have written human history and they are writing the future. It is important to know that the land called Israel was once called Canaan in ancient times. Canaan was once populated by the descendants of the Palestinians the people imprisoned in refugee camps in Israel.
​
About 3500 years ago the sematic Egyptian kings ruled Egypt for 100 years but were expelled from Egypt into Canaan. The expelled Egyptian people called Hyksos conquered Canaan and called it Israel. In 135 AD the name was one again changed to Palestine after the Romans conquered the area. It remained Palestine until 1948 when Israel expelled the Palestinians from their land after WWII.
​
The Ancient Egyptians kept detailed records of their past in Hieroglyphics. There is no archaeological evidence that the Jews lived enslaved in Egypt or of their exodus from Egypt. There is no evidence that Moses (Who's life imitated Sagon the Great of Babylon) lead the Hebrew slaves out of Egypt. There is not one shred of evidence that Moses, Jacob, David, Solomon, Jacob or Abraham every existed. There is, however, plenty of evidence that the Egyptian Pharaohs who these characters were based on. The Bibles Old Testament has done a good job in mixing up legends who these mythical creations were made upon.
​
Archaeologists have proved that the Hebrew were not a race of people but a tribe of wanderers who arrived in Egypt looking for work. As their population grew over hundreds of years they contributed to Egyptian technology, worshiped Egyptian gods, Intermarried with Egyptian nobility and gradually rose to positions of wealth and power over the years.
​
The bible story of Hebrew Jews begins with Abraham. Abraham sold his sister wife into the slavery of Egyptian Pharaoh Amenemhat I who reigned from 1991-1962 BC. Abraham lived at the same time as Amenemhat I. Amenemhat I origins are unknown. According to Egyptian scholars, he seized the throne after murdering pharaoh Mentuhotep. In 1818 an Egyptologist made a discovery that identified the Biblical Pharaoh as Abraham. One of those drawing discovered with the Pharaoh was interpreted via ancient writings by Mormon Joseph Smith as Abraham sitting on the throne. Abrahams name was also identified on a role of Papyrus. Joseph Smith published his controversial findings in ‘The lost Book of Abraham' and was murdered two years later. The tomb of Amenemhat I is now the only tomb forbidden from the public, however many researchers believe it is the tomb of the biblical Abraham.
​
The Story of Jacob closely resembles the story of the Hyksos Hebrew migration into Egypt. The Hebrew over through the Egyptian king and replaced him with their own King: King Jakubher 1655 – 1646 BC since Jakubher is aromatic for Jacob this fits neatly into Egyptian history. The Hyksos people were throughout of Egypt 1440BC and matches the bible story of the gradual migration into Canaan.
​
Jacobs's favourite son Joseph stayed behind in Egypt. Joseph hid his Hebrew identity by marrying an Egyptian wife by changing his name. By hiding their Hebrew identity they were able to continue to rule Egypt in secret as Egyptians. They worshiped Egyptian Gods, followed Egyptian laws and violated Egyptian Hebrew laws. This meant they had to hide their Hebrew identity not just from the Egyptians but from the Hebrew people as well. They had to keep their worship of Amen secret within Secret Societies, just as they do today. The descendants of Hebrew pharaohs have ruled without history.
​
The story begins with the Egyptian Pharaoh ordering the death of all young boys. In the Bible story, Moses is set adrift in reed basket where he is found by an Egyptian Princess daughter of the Egyptian Pharaoh she decides to raise him as her own. Moses Hebrew mother hides her identity and gets a job as a servant at the palace. Why does the bible emit the name of the Egyptian Pharaoh and Princess? These facts can be checked by looking at the Egyptian records. Bible researchers have calculated the birth of Moses at around 1520 BC. The ruling Pharaoh at the time was Thutmose I his daughter was named Hatshepsut. Hatshepsut married her brother Thutmose II but the union failed to bring an heir. So Thutmose II took a non-royal woman named Isis to conceive a child and Hatshepsut raised the boy as her own son even though the boy was Isis' son. The Bible story of Moses closely matches that of Thutmose III even down to their similar sounding names. When Thutmose III grow up he led his armies to fight conquer the lands of the people living in Canaan for the Hebrew, Just like Moses did but much effective. Thutmose III installed district governors in Grisons to protect the kingdom of Canaan, could these be the twelve tribes of Israel? Today Thutmose III is preserved in stone right next to him god Obelisk in honour of Amen in the City of London.
​
The King David of Israel reigned for 50 years as did his doppelganger Psusennes I Both battled the Sea people or the Philistines Kings had sons with similar sounding names: Solomon and Siamun. Sol means son while ‘omon' is an alternative spelling for amen. Siamun means ‘son of Amen' Solomon and Siamun reigned at the same time and fort the same in Canaan, The Mitanni, The Hittites and the Philistines.
​
The question is why did the Hebrew writers of the bible leave out all the names of the Pharaohs and why did they combine fact with mythology. What was the Bible covering up? The authors of the bible covered up the same Hebrew bloodline. The only way the Hebrew people could continue leading Egypt was to give themselves Egyptian names and intermarry with Egyptian Royals, just like Joseph did. By hiding their Hebrew heritage they were able to rule Egypt secretly as Egyptian Royalty. The worship Egyptian gods followed Egyptian law a violated Jewish Hebrew laws. Therefore the Secret Societies were invented. The world's best secret is that over the years is that the descendants of Hebrews have ruled throughout history.
The Stone of Jacob, a Hebrew patriarch is lodged under the king's throne. Why was Queen Elizabeth II crowned at her ceremony on top of step pyramid? The Queens Crown has twelve diamonds at the base each representing the twelve lost tribes of Israel. The Union Jack represents the reunion of the Twelve Tribes of Jacob or Jack-ob, it is also red white and blue the same colours as the flags of Egypt. The Royal sceptre was carried by the Egyptian god Amen and by the Pharaohs. The Queen carried a flail or whip which was also used in Egypt. The symbol of the bee can be seen the royal garment. In Ancient Egyptians, bees were the symbol of royalty as well as the symbol of Egypt. The headdress warn by Judges originated in ancient Egypt. Kilts originate in Egypt. Royal Jubilees originated with Egyptian priests. Incest was practiced in Egypt as well as the Royal Family, to keep the bloodline pure. The corpse of pharaohs was entombed in Egypt while the corpses of 19 Kings are entombed in Westminster Abbey.
​
Just how rich are the Rothschilds? Historically the Rothschild wealth was hidden in underground vaults. The Rothschilds secret financial records were never audited and never accounted for researchers estimate their wealth at 500 trillion dollars half the wealth of the entire world. Besides their many castles, mansions, racehorses, wineries and exotic resorts the Rothschilds bought Reuters in the 1800's Reuters then bought the Associated Press which selects and delivers the same news stories to the entire world. They have a controlling interest in three major television networks and easily avoid media attention since they own it. Until recently they owned and operated London's Royal Mint, they continue to be the gold agent for the bank of England which they also direct. They control the London Bullion Market Association worth over 11 billion Dollars traded daily. The Rothschilds earn millions weekly on transaction fee alone. They also fix the world price on gold daily and profit from its ups and downs. Over the centuries the Rothschilds have amassed trillions of dollars in gold bullion in their subterranean vaults and have cornered the world's gold supply.
​
They own controlling interest in the world's largest oil company Royal Dutch Shell. They operate phony charities and offshore banking services, where the wealth of the Black Nobility and the Vatican is hidden in secret accounts in Rothschild Swiss Banks, Trusts, and Holding Companies.
Mayer Amschel Bauer who lived in Frankfurt on the Maine, he was a goldsmith loans shark he hung a red hexagon shield over his door and changed his name to Rothschild, which means red shield in German. The Red Hexagon shield was the symbol for the world revolutionary movement. Despite his poor appearances, Rothschild hid great amounts of wealth and jewellery around his house. Mayer taught his sons the tricks of the trade.
​
In 1773 he invited twelve wealth revolutionary minded men to his Goldsmith shop. Together they formulated a plan to seize control of the world's wealth. They made a pact to secretly pool their money and to secretly bankrupt the nations of the world and create a New World Order.
​
Using his connections Mayer teamed up with Prince William who was the ruler of Germanys Hess-Kessel District. William had a reputation as a cold-blooded loan shark, who trained and rented out his Hessian soldiers, as mercenary troops. It was a palatable blood for money business that made Prince William one of the Europe's most men. Working as Prince William's agent Mayer Rothschild collected fees for each dead Hessian soldier killed on the battlefield. He hired his son to help collect the blood money from renter nations. Since wars were good for the rent a troop business Prince William used his royal connections in Denmark and England to provoke these wars.
​
King George the III of England rented Hessian soldiers from Prince William and Mayer Rothschild to fight the American colonists. American colonists had already shot down thousands of American Indians, whose spears and arrows were no match for the colonist's guns. The worst holocaust in human history occurred on American soil. By 1776 British and Hessian troops arrived on American shores ready to fight the American colonists. Mayer Rothschild won his money for every Hessian soldier killed on the battlefield.
​
Back in Europe Napoleon with his French army became the master of Europe. When Napoleon stormed into Frankfurt Germany William feared for his life and his vast fortune. He left 3 million dollars in the hands of Mayer Rothschild, to pay the Hessian soldiers. Then William escaped to Denmark to stay with his Royal relatives all of whom were descendants of the tribe of Dan. Mayer Rothschild received a stock market tip from his world revolutionary network. Instead of pay, the Hessian soldiers with the three million dollars Mayer Rothschild bet the money on his insider stock market tip. With his new fortune, Rothschild set up five family banks to set up to be run by his five sons, in London, Paris, Naples, Vienna and Frankfurt.
​
On 18th September 1812, Mayer Rothschild died at the age of 68. He left instructions that the amount of the inheritance never be made public, that secrecy and ruthlessness must be used in all business practices. And that family member must intermarry with their own blood relatives to prevent the fortune falling into other hands.
​
All five brothers kept themselves to their ancestor's world revolutionary dream. That dream was to control the world under one world ruler disarming the nations of the world.
​
James Rothschild built his fabulous mansion, called Ferrilres, 19 miles north-east of Paris. Wilhelm I, on first seeing it, exclaimed: “Kings couldn't afford this. It could only belong to a Rothschild!”
At the tail end of last month, we announced that our researchers had developed a decryption tool to beat CryptXXX ransomware and help the victims get their files back for free. Earlier this week, we discovered that the ransomware had evolved to stop our tool from working. Criminals and trolls had their laugh… for a few days.
But we don't like to let criminals or trolls win, and are happy to announce that our team has updated our decryption tool to adapt to the second version of CryptXXX in our RannohDecryptor 1.9.1.0.
The tool can be downloaded from here in English or here in Russian completely free.
Some notes on the update include:
1. We support decryption of about 40 popular file formats, including documents, archives, images, etc. Unfortunately, there is no possibility to decrypt any arbitrary file format.
2. Decryption may take some time. Generally, the 1st file gets decrypted within several minutes, and all subsequent files in a matter of seconds (each). In the worst case every file will take several minutes. The utility notifies the user prior to start with the following message:
3. Original copy is not needed for Cryptxxx v2.
While this tool will help those infected decrypt their .crypt files, we know that criminals will always look to evolve to stop workarounds from good guys in cybersecurity. It is an unfortunate reality in the current world we live in. But fear not, we won't rest and will stay vigilant to protect you.
Cyber criminals don't sleep, neither do we. Protecting you from the bad guys has been our mission from day one. #cybersecuritymonth A post shared by Kaspersky Lab (@kasperskylab) on Oct 13, 2015 at 10:49am PDT
With that said, prevention is always better than reacting after the fact. Kaspersky Lab's security solutions proactively block CryptXXX variants as well as other forms of ransomware and malware of other kinds. We also advise that you protect your computer with a security software. You don't have to use us, but you should use some sort of protection. If you need a reliable solution, please visit our site.
Update: Solved again! Read more about how we're winning the war with CryptXXX here: https://www.kaspersky.com/blog/cryptxxx-v3-ransomware/13628/
Nick Hennessy
Wayne Coyne isn't just a bandleader. The Flaming Lips' frontman has always been more of an art director than a musician, creating elaborate stage setups and costumes that are just as important to the band's live show as the music.
Coyne's famous for riding through the audience on a light-up unicorn robot or rolling over crowds in a giant hamster ball.
This fall, Coyne brings a 2015 installation, entitled, “King's Mouth” to Pacific Northwest College of Art in Portland. It's a 20-foot, bubbling silver head with reflective eyes and an outstretched pink rubber tongue, inviting visitors inside.
Wayne told us that his goal while creating such an immersive experience was to create a “Grand Canyon effect.”
“These are the types of experiences I feel like all museums need,” he said. “You can't just see it on the internet, you can't just hear it over some headphones, you can't even just watch a movie of it. You have to be here.”
Once you crawl through the mouth, the cavernous interior is lined with drippy formations of dried rubber. The soft, pillow-like teeth support you, as you lay down to enjoy the show.
Nick Hennessy
Luminous tendrils hang from the roof of the mouth, pulsing in time with a looping score. The sounds range from subtle pulses to thunderous crescendos. Coyne insisted we stay inside long enough to hear the finale, which includes crashing guitar sounds familiar to anyone who's seen the big finales of The Flaming Lips' shows.
We asked Coyne about the difference between creating a piece for a live show and his installation work. He pointed out a prop for a show only has to hold together for the night, whereas a piece in a gallery has to withstand the crawling of hundreds of visitors.
Coyne's a big fan of the kind of materials that are durable and easy to get — especially when the band is on the road. One of his favorites is colored duct tape.
Nick Hennessy/OPB
When we visited, Coyne and his team were installing the piece with a dazzling assortment of yellow, purple and bright orange tapes, forming a rainbow at the base of the head, as if its trippy magic was spreading and taking over the gallery space.
There's a communal aspect to inviting people to come inside and engage, but Coyne made it clear that his focus is to create the work that he, himself wants to see. When discussing how his approach differs from that of traditional artists, he claimed, “I'm an artist in the sense that nobody has yet to stop me from doing what I just like to do. I've no justification, no internal thing that I'm trying to say other than, you know, I like it and I'm gonna do what I like.”
Wayne Coyne's King's Mouth is on display in the 511 gallery at PNCA until Jan. 6.
India must make the most of Japan's overtures
PM Manmohan Singh (left) shakes hands with his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe during a visit to Tokyo
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to Japan from May 27 to 30 was opportune, as the circumstances today are more propitious than ever for India and Japan to forge a solid strategic partnership.
Japan's ties with China have frayed badly, with massive trade and investment ties between the two failing to shield Japan politically from aggressive Chinese territorial claims on Senkaku islands.
Even if the two countries manage to defuse the situation to avert the incalculable risks of an actual military brawl, China has lit a fire under the relationship that would be very difficult to douse.
To deal with the emerging Chinese threat, Japan has to develop a new mix of diplomatic and military tools. In addition to a defence cordon provided by its US alliance, it needs a diplomatic cordon comprising of select countries anxious about the unpredictable consequences of China's rise visible in its aggressive posturing in the South China and East China waters and its recent incursion into Ladakh. Japan's ties with India have thus become more relevant strategically.
Circumstances
Economic reasons too favour close India-Japan bonds. Japan is already heavily over-invested in China; China's politically motivated squeeze of Japan on rare-earth supplies carried a lesson. Rising India, with all its shortcomings, has the market, consumption potential, investment needs and manpower assets of interest to an ageing Japanese society and the Abeconomics-pushed revival of Japan's economy.
Prime Minister Abe lays stress on democracy as a source of security and has proposed in that perspective the concept of an Asian Security Diamond comprising of US, Japan, India and Australia.
Tactically, grouping select countries sharing similar political values to work together to promote regional security is a defensible approach, and China's protests, as an opaque, authoritarian state have no legs.
Japanese PM Shinzo Abe is making unprecedented diplomatic overtures towards India
Japan's current political overtures towards India are unprecedented. Sensing this, the Chinese have tried to interfere with the developing momentum of Indo-Japanese partnership, with Premier Li Keqiang inserting his visit to India before that of our Prime Minister's Japan travel, and manipulating its results in rhetoric and substance to suit China's diplomatic strategy.
We went along with Li Keqiang to describe the India-China relationship as "an effective model of friendly co-existence between...neighbouring countries" and emphasised its "regional, global and strategic significance". We agreed to establish a Joint Study Group to develop a BCIM (Bangladesh, China, India, Myanmar) Economic Corridor.
Enhanced bilateral cooperation on maritime security and cooperation in safeguarding sea-lanes and freedom of navigation was also endorsed, as well as the establishment of an open and inclusive security framework in the Asia-Pacific region. We even approved bilateral cooperation in civil nuclear energy.
In effect, by unduly projecting congruences with China, we distanced ourselves from key aspects of Japan's China concerns in advance of Manmohan Singh's visit to Japan. As we pragmatically separate our relations with China from those with Japan, we should avoid creating space for China to shoot at Japan from our shoulders, as Chinese commentators have done in lecturing Japanese politicians - described as "petty burglars" - on the edifying manner in which India and China managed to properly solve their border stand-off quickly.
Ties
The Prime Minister's visit highlighted several positive features of the India-Japan political, economic and security agenda in the years ahead. He was shown unusual regard, with the Japanese royal couple hosting a lunch for him and his wife and their visit to India getting announced for November/December this year. The two countries intend strengthening their Strategic and Global Partnership "taking into account changes in the strategic environment".
In addition to existing multifarious dialogues at the level of their Foreign and Defence Ministries, India and Japan have also launched a Maritime Affairs Dialogue in January this year. Importantly, India and Japan intend expanding defence ties, with regular and more frequent bilateral naval exercises planned following the first one in June 2012.
In this connection we should be less reticent about trilateral India-Japan-US naval exercises in the Indian Ocean. Japan is keen to sell its amphibian aircraft US-2 to India, which interests the Indian Navy. A Working Group will explore the modalities of its acquisition.
In the context of Japan's highly inhibited posture on external defence cooperation, such overtures need an encouraging Indian response to solidify other aspects of our bilateral ties.
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang was careful that his trip to India should take place before Manmohan Singh visited Japan
Partners
On South and East China Sea wrangles, we joined Japan in reiterating our commitment to the freedom of navigation and unimpeded commerce based on international law. On terrorism, the Japanese endorsed our preferred formulations. On the sensitive nuclear cooperation issue, the gain from the visit was Prime Minister Abe's recognition of India's sound nonproliferation record, Japan's commitment to work for India's membership of the four international export control regimes - the NSG, MTCR, the Australia Group and the Wassenaar Arrangement, and proposed acceleration of negotiations on the India-Japan civil nuclear agreement.
The visit provided an opportunity to emphasise the need to boost the current bilateral trade of $18 billion. India accounts for only 4 per cent of Japan's investment in Asia, though it has committed $4.5 billion for key Delhi-Mumbai industrial and rail freight corridors as part of developing our infrastructure, is eyeing the Mumbai-Ahmedabad high speed railway route, and could potentially participate in the Chennai-Bengaluru industrial corridor.
India is seeking Japanese investments in solar power generation and clean coal technologies.
The Prime Minister rightly called India and Japan natural and indispensable partners for mutual prosperity and a peaceful and stable future for the Asia-Pacific and Indian Ocean regions.
Beyond words, we need clarity about our strategic choices in action. The China factor should not interfere with the strategic direction of our Japan relationship.
The writer is a former Foreign Secretary
Pianos aren't generally thought of as the most portable of musical instruments, which makes tickling the ivories almost always an indoor activity — but staying cooped up inside to play wasn't what musician Gary Skaggs had in mind. A few years back, the San Francisco native had the idea to combine two of his favorite pastimes, cycling and music, by creating what may be the world's first Piano Bike and offering free on-the-go performances for passing pedestrians.
Gary, who taught himself piano at age 3, says that the idea for the Piano Bike came to him out of the blue one day in 2006. But it was only after finding an old player piano posted on Craigslist for just $80 that he set about making his vision a reality. Over the next few years, Gary refurbished the instrument and had it mounted onto a custom-made front-loader bike. He calls his homemade creation ‘St. Frankenstein', but most people refer to it simply as the Piano Bike.
Nowadays, Gary can be seen throughout the week pedaling along San Francisco's popular (and more importantly, flat) Embarcadero, attracting curious glances from onlookers and a fair share of tips. And while musicality is a definite must, playing and steering the 320-pound Piano Bike is a skill all its own.
“It rides pretty good. It's scary going down hills and impossible going up,” says Gary. “If I could spend 10 hours a day out there, I might be able to make a decent living.”
Still, Gary says that the chance to entertain the public and to meet new people make the whole thing worthwhile — and considering how few pioneers there are in the world of bicycle-based piano playing, it's hard not to agree that he's struck the right chord.
Via SFGate
Screenshots via Vimeo
Review: Stokkebye Luxury Navy Flake October 27, 2012
Posted by SifuRestita in Uncategorized Tags: Vaper stokkebye navy flake perique Virginia
I've recently tried a couple of VaPer blends, both being Peter Stokkebye blends. For this review I'd like to talk a bit about Luxury Navy Flake.
I'm mainly an Aromatic smoker, with preferences toward Virginias, Cavendish and Burleys. (However now loving Latakia blends). I didn't know how I'd like Virginia -Perique blends, so decided to try some recommended VaPers.
I bought 2 ounces of bulk Luxury Navy Flake from Smokingpipes.com. Beautiful flakes with a nice sweet hay-like note out of the bag. I rubbed out a flake and a half, let it air doe about an hour, and began smoking from a just purchased estate nosewarmer. The char light brought the brightness of the Virginias to the forefront, and the Perique tickled my nose a tad bit…. A pleasant tickle. After 2 true lights to get the bowl going, I was pleasantly treated to a bright naturally sweet flavor with a little spice. Not too much spice, but just enough to touch my tongue and give a slight punch to the sweetness. A pleasant grassiness, almost hay like.
It was in the middle of the bowl where the smoke session shined. Small sips brought a nutty, almost raw-almondy note, with a heady bowl aroma of what I would describe as the “paper from the inside of a walnut shell”, and the spice balanced the Virginias well. This is where I enjoyed the bowl the very most. When a tobacco provides a hearty feel to it, I find it very comforting.
Now, for those new to pipe smoking, people describe “spice” in many different ways. For me, “spice” isnt necessarily a “hot-spicy” as in with food… But rather I look at spice as including finish notes of different spice such as clove, allspice, paprika, pepper, and even salt. The actual flavors of the spices arent what I'm talking about, but rather the hints of “aftertaste” of said spices, as well as the mouth feel of spices.
The last third of the bowl had a nice earthiness to it…..Umami. It might have been the pipe I was using, but closer to the heel the smoke began to taste almost ashy (even after tipping my bowl a couple of times to remove topmost layer of ash) , thus prompting me to end my session. An hour of beautiful smoke, with no bite and only two relights.
I must say, I like this blend alot and will keep this in my regular rotation. I will surely be seeking out other VaPer blends to broaden my palate, too.
Summary
"Predestination" chronicles the life of a Temporal Agent sent on an intricate series of time-travel journeys designed to ensure the continuation of his law enforcement career for all eternity. Now, on his final assignment, the Agent must pursue the one criminal that has eluded him throughout time.
Genre
: SF/Thriller
Country : Australia
Cast :
Ethan Hawke
: De Barman
Sarah Snook
: The Unmarried Mother
Noah Taylor : Mr. Robertson
Director : The Spierig Brothers
My opinion
“What if I could put him in front of you, the man that ruined your life. If I could guarantee that you'd get away with it. Would you kill him ?”
Sigh ! Where are those good old days you could enjoy a movie about time traveling like "Back to the future","The Terminator","Timecop" or
recently " Looper" while lying relaxed in your seat without craving for a glass of aspirin as the film progresses ? The principle of
paradoxes known to time travel ing is cited in these films (like
Michael J. Fox becoming blurry and the threat of disappearing because of his parents growing apart ), but isn't of primary importance for the entire motion picture. " Predestination " is something completely different and is
put together pretty damn clever and shrewd . But I assure you , the numerous plot twists and
interwoven
time loops will make you completely dizzy. The film is a hard nut to crack and requires tremendous concentration. It's a film where you go from one surprise to the next . It ' s similar to the " chicken and egg" conundrum. At one moment you are very sure that the egg came first, but new developments and revelations make you doubt this fact again and you'll revise your conclusion.
The film is based on the short story "All you Zombies" from A.Heinlein and tells the story of a "Temporal Agent" (Ethan Hawke) who, using an ingenious violin case, can travel back and forth again through time in order to prevent crimes . Especially that of the mysterious "Fizzle Bomber" who's responsible for a destructive bomb attack in the 70's in New York killing about 11,000 people. In a bar the agent, who is employed as a bartender, listens to the story of a certain John, who looks like a kind of Brian Molko from the 70's. What comes next are some bizarre drawn out story lines which, as the film slowly proceeds, merge into one point to ensure an obvious highlight. I'm not going further into details because this would only reveal the intricate puzzle. Unfortunately the final denouement only evokes a "Ah that's how it is" reaction. Eventually it's just a quirky fictional story with an identity crisis as central topic. However I think that the level of difficulty of this film will be a bit of an obstacle for most spectators.
Predestination" is a masterpiece on a different level. The created atmosphere and especially the performances are eye-catching. The 70's are beautifully portrayed. The zeitgeist of that time with its authentic locations, fashion and music. But mostly, the performances by Ethan Hawke and for me the so far completely unknown Australian Sarah Snook made this film worth viewing. Ethan Hawke once again played a convincing role after his less memorable performances in "Sarah Snook, however, is the one who steals the show and plays a fairly special role. Personally I found the reasonable long scene with those two characters in the bar, where Snook told her life story, preternaturally gorgeous. A fascinating story with delightful pieces of conversations and highly entertaining. It also takes over half of the film to complete and is the foundation that bears the whole story. After this, things start to unravel. " is a masterpiece on a different level. The created atmosphere and especially the performances are eye-catching. The 70's are beautifully portrayed. The zeitgeist of that time with its authentic locations, fashion and music. But mostly, the performances byand for me the so far completely unknown Australianmade this film worth viewing.once again played a convincing role after his less memorable performances in " Getaway " and " The Purge ". Not an easy part, but again one that suits him., however, is the one who steals the show and plays a fairly special role. Personally I found the reasonable long scene with those two characters in the bar, where Snook told her life story, preternaturally gorgeous. A fascinating story with delightful pieces of conversations and highly entertaining. It also takes over half of the film to complete and is the foundation that bears the whole story. After this, things start to unravel.
If there's a movie for which the concept "Mind Fuck" was invented, then it should be this one. A fascinating story. But it would be handy if they wrote a manual for it. Don't be daunted by the slow and stretched first part. It's there that the identity crisis of John is decomposed with surgical precision. The second part is dominated by the time travels and the resulting paradoxes. And then you'll understand the usefulness of the extended first part where all the pieces are manufactured, so they can be fitted into each other very subtle. Somewhere they gave it the name-tag a "retro-futuristic thriller" with also a bit of romance and humor. A film which is difficult to grasp, but definitely worthwhile. And now I have a reason to watch "Jessabelle". Sarah Snook, a name to keep your eye on.
My rating 6.5/10
Links : IMDB
Labels: 6.5/10, SF, Thriller
More than 300 migrants are feared to have drowned in the Mediterranean this week, raising further concerns about the logic and morality of Europe's decision to downsize maritime rescue operations last autumn.
Four rubber dinghies, each carrying up to 100 west African migrants, are believed to have capsized after leaving Libya for Italy several days ago, the UN refugee agency said, based on accounts from survivors. Nine migrants were rescued, and the remainder are missing, feared drowned. A further 29 migrants died from hypothermia after another boat was rescued on Sunday.
Migrants' tales: ‘I feel for those who were with me. They got asylum in the sea' Read more
If confirmed, the estimated death toll means that more than 400 migrants have died in the Mediterranean since the start of the year, an unusually high number that far surpasses the equivalent figure from 2014. By this time last year, 27 migrants had drowned at sea, according to research by the International Organisation for Migration (IOM).
An Italian coastguard boat arrives at Lampedusa on 11 February. Photograph: EPA
According to migrant advocates, the figures suggest people are still attempting to cross the Mediterranean in record numbers despite adverse weather conditions and despite Europe's decision to reduce rescue operations.
In October, Italy ended its full-scale coastguard operation known as Mare Nostrum, and the EU replaced it with Operation Triton, an under-resourced scheme whose primary focus, officials admitted, was securing maritime borders rather than rescuing migrants.
European governments believed the move would discourage migrants from trying to make the dangerous crossing to Europe from Libyan, Egyptian and Turkish beaches. Britain's Foreign Office minister Lady Anelay, excused Mare Nostrum's cancellation, claiming it had had “an unintended pull factor”.
But this week's drownings indicated otherwise, said IOM's spokesman Leonard Doyle. “It disproves once again that Mare Nostrum is a pull factor,” Doyle told the Guardian. “If we believed that families drowning in the Mediterranean would be a deterrent to other migrants, well it's not. People are leaving because they're being pushed out.”
One survivor from Wednesday's disaster told their rescuers: “We know what fate we're going towards and [we understand] the probabilities of dying, but it's a sacrifice we consciously make to have a future.”
In Egypt, another major launching pad for illegal trips to Europe, smugglers and Syrian refugees have told the Guardian that they were unaware there was a rescue operation in the first place. They claim the demand for smuggling trips will continue despite the cancellation of Mare Nostrum, since refugees have little chance of legal resettlement in countries such as Britain, which has settled only 90 Syrian refugees.
The IOM says people fleeing the Middle East and north Africa constitutes the largest wave of mass migration since the second world war.
One key player in Egyptian smuggling networks, who was only vaguely familiar with the concept of Mare Nostrum, said: “I didn't know it got cancelled, and I don't think it will have any effect on the business at all.”
A Syrian refugee who narrowly avoided boarding a ship that later sank at sea last September said he planned to try again if, as expected, he was not resettled legally by the UN refugee agency.
“We have no other option,” said the refugee, who lives in a town east of Cairo. “There is no hope here.” Formerly a senior office worker in Syria, in Egypt he can find work only as a labourer and was recently evicted from his flat because he could not pay even the low rent.
As news spread of this week's drownings in the Mediterranean, the EU's foreign policy chief, Federica Mogherini, issued a statement that hinted Europe needed to do more to help migrants. “The fight against smuggling and trafficking, the rescue of migrants at sea, the protection of asylum seekers are shared challenges; they require a stronger exercise of shared responsibility,” said Mogherini, after announcing a review of EU migration policies.
Britain's Foreign Office did not immediately respond to a request for comment about its own policy on the end of Mediterranean rescue operations.
This vegan spicy lemongrass noodle soup hits all the right spots when it comes to a flavourful soup. The broth has a hit of citrus from lots of lime juice, sweet and tanginess from tomatoes, a bit of crunch and savoury sweetness from celery, spice from Thai red curry paste, and a hit of earthy and bright lemongrass. I feel like it's reminiscent of veganized bun bo soups I've tried, mostly because of the lemongrass and the spice, but it's not really the same dish at all.
I've made this soup at least half a dozen times, generally eye-balling and throwing in whatever veggies I have in the fridge. Sometimes it's kale instead of spinach, or bok choy instead of celery, but either way, the stars of the show here are lemongrass, lime, and curry paste. This is not Eddie's favourite, mostly because the last couple times I've made it I went really heavy handed with the tomatoes, but he eats it happily nonetheless.
Sometimes I poke fun at Eddie for being resistant to certain veggies. He's not a fan of green beans or broccoli, but he doesn't seem to mind veggies I thought he'd hate like spinach or asparagus. He even seems to enjoy bok choy and kale every now and then, which is a pleasant surprise. As much as he is hesitant to certain foods or dishes, he's usually a pretty good sport about eating whatever it is I make.
This past weekend, we went to our first wedding together, and it was actually so nice. The wedding was beautiful and I didn't really know anybody other than the bridal party, so I was really happy to have Eddie with me to talk to. We both got a vegan meal but it was last minute so I'm not sure if the caterers were prepared for it. However, I never am optimistic about vegan wedding food—I don't blame the organizers/bride/groom—it's just caterers who have no idea how to make a vegan main that isn't just grilled vegetables or a slab of bland tofu. Don't get me wrong, grilled veggies are delicious, but not satisfying. And fruit for dessert at a wedding—while delicious and something I'd eat normally—is not a good representation of wedding dessert food.
On the ride home, Eddie and I discussed what we would do at our wedding one day. On one hand, the stress and pressure of planning a wedding is enough to make me just want to elope with a handful of friends and family. But on the other hand, I kind of want to have a vegan wedding to show our friends and family that vegan food can absolutely be stunning, delicious, and gourmet. People still seem to not understand that vegan food can be full of protein and flavour. C'mon people! Have you never seen my instagram feed?! I'm so grateful that Eddie is open to the idea of a vegan wedding, because the idea of any being dying and plated to celebrate two people committing to each other is really heartbreaking for me.
But that's a bridge I won't be crossing just yet.
Anyway, in this week's quick video, I show you guys how to pull together this quick vegan spicy lemongrass noodle soup (that is if you've marinated the tofu ahead of time) for a tasty dinner that uses tons of veggies and packs a ton of flavour!
Enjoy!
The select committee worried that the government wanted to conceal alarming Brexit plans. But there were no plans at all
With its Brexit strategy hurtling off the rails, this could have been a timely moment for the government to reassure parliament about the existence of a well thought-out plan B.
Instead MPs were invited to take a leap of faith on Wednesday when the Brexit select committee asked David Davis to explain what had been done to assess the impact on British business of abruptly leaving the EU.
Theresa May finally gets DUP's Arlene Foster on the phone Read more
“I am not a fan of economic models because they have all proven wrong when you have a paradigm change,” said the Brexit secretary. Because the government wanted a comprehensive trade deal, he insisted, “the usefulness of [sectoral] impact assessments would be near zero”.
The committee had called Davis to give evidence because it feared a cover-up. Davis and other ministers had spoken previously of sectoral studies that helped assess the “impact” of leaving, so Labour asked to see these “impact assessments” fearing they contained some scary conclusions.
Davis took the committee on a semantic tour to explain why the 850-pages he has produced do not amount to what MPs thought they were getting. “Just because you use the word impact doesn't make it an impact assessment,” he said.
But what started out as a fear that the government was hiding the warnings of civil servants, or that dodgy dossiers had been sexed up to say what ministers wanted, has turned out to be something far worse: the absence of any planning, nefarious or otherwise.
Whitehall insiders confirm that Davis is not wrong. One who has seen more than half the studies, says they were sent to the committee in an almost entirely unredacted form. They highlight the vulnerability of many industries by looking at their dependence on European markets or regulation but they do not attempt to forecast what could happen next.
David Davis says government has not assessed impact of Brexit for different sections of economy - Politics live Read more
Even more alarmingly, Davis attempted to excuse this black hole at the heart of government because this was all just too difficult to bother. “The real problem of conducting an impact assessment on say, financial services, is the sheer range of potential outcomes,” he said, saying it would divert precious resources.
Asked if the government had tried to look at regional impacts instead, he added: “You don't have to do a complicated analysis to know that if the chemical industry is going to have a problem exporting its goods it's going to have an impact on the north-east.”
What was produced had been rewritten a bit as events unfolded over the last year but only because the “first round weren't all that good”. There was little assurance that subsequent attempts were any better.
MPs desperately sought another explanation. “[But] we were told there were smart people across government thinking systematically about what's going on,” wailed Stephen Crabb. Perhaps there are other departments doing work that Davis was not aware of, tried another.
But the Brexit secretary could not even provide this assurance. The Office for Budget Responsibility had estimates. “I think I'm right in saying that they are based on outside analysis,” he said. “They do rest on each other.” Unfortunately the OBR recently revealed it did not have a clue either and left this section largely blank in the budget.
Nonetheless the Brexit secretary could not understand the fuss. “The audit trail you are asking for is quite extraordinary,” he told one particularly forensic questioner.
“I am really tight on time,” concluded Davis as he broke off giving evidence to hurtle back to the process of trying to take Britain out of the EU anyway. “This is a difficult time.”
New 'Human' Fossil Borders on Fraud
An international team of paleoanthropologists reported discovering the earliest human fossils found outside Africa at a dig in the country of Georgia.1 The team told Science that one specimen, "skull 5," is so different from other humans that it significantly widens the range of variation within ancient mankind. The Guardian wrote that among the human remains in Dmanisi researchers found a "spectacular fossilised skull of an ancient human ancestor," but there is actually more proof against this claim.2
The team found clearly human skeleton parts, along with five skulls or partial skulls. Even though skull 5 has several key features resembling an ape, not a human, the Science study authors wrote, "Skull 5 is probably associated with the postcranial [bones located below the head] elements of an adult individual with nearly modern human body proportions."1
The only definitive support for this connection is the statement that the skull and human bones "probably" match—and nothing more. This means they may not actually belong together. And the seven observations below indicate this might be another case of evolutionist experts mistakenly associating ape fossils for those of humans. Skull 5 does not ID as a human for the following reasons:
It is anatomically quite different from known human skulls. The Science authors wrote, "The morphology of skull 5 stands apart from that of any other known fossil Homo specimen through its combination of a small braincase with a large prognathic face."1 Maybe it "stands apart from" man because it was not a man. Could it actually be an ape's skull?
It is too loosely linked with human postcranial material. The study author's phrase "probably associated" cannot substitute for solid scientific evidence.
It has a very ape-like brain volume—far smaller than that of a human. It was estimated at 546cc, similar to that of gorillas and Australopiths, but only about half the average size of a human3
It has a heavily built, ape-like jaw. Skull 5 "has the largest face, the most massively built jaw and teeth and the smallest brain within the Dmanisi group," according to a news release from the University of Zurich where three of the Science authors work.4 But where is the evidence proving that all five Dmanisi skulls even belong to the human group?
It links to other material that is not clearly identified or dated. The Science authors reported, "Furthermore, the remarkably large and robust dentognathic remains of early H. erectus from Java (Trinil/ Sangiran) exhibit close affinities with skull 5."1 But the abstract describing the Java remains reads, "Temporal changes, within-group variation, and phylogenetic positions of the Early Pleistocene Javanese hominids remain unclear."5
Additionally, experts in human evolution have a long history of assigning human and ape remains to the Homo erectus human category.6 By tying skull 5 to past category confusion, the Science authors muddied their own identification of skull 5 as human.
The researchers' approach to skull 5 may be similar to other fraudulent or dubious finds. Dutch physician Eugene Dubois, anxious to find proof of human evolution, uncovered the famous Java "man" fossils in 1891. It was not until 30 years later that Dubois revealed the truth behind the find and admitted he had been hiding fully human skulls from the same Javan site. Some later suggested that his Java man skull cap was actually that of a gibbon. 6 Could today's scientists be subject to the same eagerness to prove evolution, leading to skewed analyses? Because human origins research can be so subjective, one researcher of the history of paleoanthropology voiced a relevant caution: "We have only to recall the Piltdown adventure to see how easily susceptible researchers can be manipulated into believing that they have actually found just what they had been looking for."7
The Science authors also wrote that skull 5 looks like the famous KNM-ER 1470 found in Africa. But skull 1470 was pieced together from so many separated fragments that it may not constitute a real, single individual.8 Understandably, its identification has long been difficult. Who knows which pieces were from humans and which were from apes?
Even so, the part of skull 1470 showing a forehead and human-like brow ridges differs from the apish appearance of skull 5. Did the Science authors link skull 5 to Africa's KNM-ER 1470 for evolutionary rather than anatomical reasons?
It is replete with ape features. Skull 5 has a U-shape dental arch, not the more parabolic shape humans present. Its chin slopes back like an ape without the forward-jutting bottom point of a human chin. There is no human nose bridge, and it has prominent attachment points for enormous jaw and neck muscles.
The assumption that skull 5 represents an ancient human permeates the original report and the news, but it ignores the seven basic observations that refute it.
Biblical creationists are not restricted to interpreting skull 5 according to evolution. Instead, they are free to exercise a healthy scientific skepticism of current interpretations. If Dmanisi skull 5 ends up not being human at all, then its titillating implications for human evolution fizzle. It would then simply become an extinct ape kind's skull found in a long-collapsed animal den into which saber-toothed cats may have dragged both human and other prey.2
References
Lordkipanidze, D. et al. A Complete Skull from Dmanisi, Georgia, and the Evolutionary Biology of Early Homo. Science. 342 (6156): 326-331. Sample, I. Skull of Homo erectus throws story of human evolution into disarray. The Guardian. Posted on theguardian.com October 17, 2013, accessed October 23, 2013. The tiny, fully-human skull Homo floresiensis also shared a small brain size, so this factor alone should not be the sole determiner of a fossil's identity. See Thomas, B. New 'Species' Was Just a Tiny Human. Creation Science Update. Posted on icr.org December 31, 2008, accessed November 7, 2013. Unique skull find rebuts theories on species diversity in early humans. University of Zurich news release, October 17, 2013. Kaifu, Y. et al. 2005. Taxonomic affinities and evolutionary history of the early Pleistocene hominids of Java: Dentognathic evidence. American Journal of Physical Anthropology. 128 (4): 709-726. Gish, D. 1995. Evolution: the Fossils Still Say NO! El Cajon, CA: Institute for Creation Research, 280-282. Maienschein, J. 1997. The One and the Many: Epistemological Reflections on the Modern Human Origins Debates. In Clark, G. A. and C. M. Willermet (eds.), Conceptual Issues in Modern Human Origins Research. Hawthorne, NY: Aldine de Gruyter, 413. Gish, D. 1974. Richard Leakey's Skull 1470. Acts & Facts. 3 (2).
Image credit: Copyright © 2013 Georgian National Museum. Adapted for use in accordance with federal copyright (fair use doctrine) law. Usage by ICR does not imply endorsement of copyright holders.
* Mr. Thomas is Science Writer at the Institute for Creation Research.
Article posted on November 13, 2013.
Google Nexus 6P H1511 64GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Aluminium) is rated 4.7 out of 5 by 156 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by sankshah from The best stock android phone you could imagine One of the best cameras and screen resolution I have ever seen on an Android device. THE best stock Android phone (I like Moto X Pure as well) but hands down to this beast. Videos are crisp and flawless. With Nougat on it now, split screen is a blast due to the 5.7 screen size with little to no compromise on the content size. I also have a Note 2 but Samsung's TouchWiz sucks (too many Samsung stuff than pure Android experience). Wanted to buy a Pixel if Google had a 64 GB version but when I compare Nexus 6P with Pixel, other than the Google Assistant and unlimited Google Photos storage, EVERYTHING else is comparable with Nexus 6P. I love my phone!
Rated 5 out of 5 by Ben P from Nexus 6P Solid product. Phone seems well-built. Camera is excellent and takes very good video. Speakers are of excellent quality. The new charging type is very fast. The only complaints I have are related to the Android operating system, not the phone itself. Android has done a nice job of helping people transition from iOS to Android. The music integration could be better though. I don't want my music stored in the cloud and that is a bit trickier to work around. I would certainly feel comfortable recommending the 6P to others. The phone is huge, but the advantages of the extra screen size far outweigh the awkwardness of the large size.
Rated 5 out of 5 by mygooddog from 4.5 Stars, really. The phone has been great in all respects. Especially battery life which is much better than the LG G3, Nexus 6 and Motorola X Pure. The battery life would be better if an HD screen instead of a WQHD was used. If you're not into VR anything beyond HD is a waste.( JMO.) That is the reason why my headline is 4.5 stars. The camera delivers excellent pictures with impressive low light photos. Like all Nexus phones I have the freedom to choose my carrier. I'm using Project Fi. US Cellular is strong where I live. When I travel to the east coast which is DC and Maryland Us Cell is terrible so Fi switches me to TMo or Sprint. I'd definitely buy the 6P again.
Rated 2 out of 5 by Rahul S. from Good features with frequent problems I brought the 128 GB Model and it was a good phone to use. Excellent camera. But within 6 months it had a severe problem and had to be sent back to seller bhphotovideo to get serviced within the warranty period. It took almost 6 weeks to fix the issue. After this the phone was always flaky and would behave wierdly, would shut down by itself and the camera would hang often. Last week the phone died on me completely. It just does not power up. I am told that as it is not under warranty now, the seller cannot service it. So the life of phone has just been about 15 months and it has died. I would not recommend this model.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Christopher J Saunders from Amazing Phone So far this phone has been amazing. I have had for about two weeks, not long, but it's speed and power have blown me away. Hardware-No lagging apps or stutter, the Snapdragon 810 processor is a quick, work horse that chugs through tasks. So far I've done super light gaming, played around with a robust synth app and the mobile Adobe apps and used the amazing camera to take great shots in low light. DEEP RESEARCH- Ok here is everything I have researched about this item. Not true USB 3.1, just USB 2 with a C port, but it has a proprietary quick charging capabilitie, that is to say it does not support any type of official Quick Charge, but does have a equivalent version. So do not need USB 3.1 with C connectors, just regular USB 2 with C connector and do not need USB power with Quick Charger. However this phone does support MIDI connections through USB, so you can connect a MIDI controller and use synth apps to create a sort of on the go DAW! Again Camera is bomb, I have been using with all the mobile versions of Adobe apps (Lightroom, Adobe Capture) so the hardware can handle heavy processing tasks easily. Currently using Google Fi service and it has been running without issue on the phone. Battery life is great, I only stream audio though, put playing games and streaming audio for hours and still been able to easily get through a day on a charge. My plans for this phone are to supplement my creative work, graphic design, photography, video editing and music production in a minimal, portable setup. So far I have hit no walls or issues in using this phone for those purposes.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Best android Phone is superb. Pure android. no junk apps. Camera is great too. only downside is it takes 2-3 second when processing HDR. Make sure HDR on while taking photos. It improves a quality and make it more natural photos. Gets security updates every month from Google. Android Nougat is available too. Fingerprint scanner works so fast. never get an error. Battery last more than day. But vary on usage. Has doze mode so, saves battery while sitting. Standy time is great too. If you leave your phone at 15 % at night. It will be 13% in morning. this varies too. But battery life is great. Multitasking is even faster than opening app.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from A serious upgrade I've had android phones going back to the OG Motorola Droid. Most recently I've had a Samsung Galaxy S5. Prior to that was an S4. I thought my S5 was good enough... until my wife got a Nexus 6p after her iPhone broke. I'm not going to lie, I was envious and had to get one for myself. I don't think I'll ever touch another Samsung product. Google's version of Android is by far the cleanest and smoothest. I read reviews about processors getting too hot and throttling bla bla bla. I realized that reviews from people that list their phones in their signature line are lame. Here's the deal. This is the fastest, smoothest phone I've ever used. OK Google is incredibly responsive. The size isn't overly big, I never knew I needed the fingerprint scanner until I had it. Battery life is impressive. You know, the things you care about with day to day use. BH had the best price. The shipping was quick. I have no complaints.
When it comes to how we learn, much of what we think we know is, in fact, wrong.
By Tom Jacobs
(Photo: Tim Gouw/Unsplash)
It's odd, when you think about it. Education policy is a hotly debated topic — look at the opposition to new Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos — but the conversation almost always revolves around issues of structure and authority rather than effectiveness.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Bolster public schools, or provide vouchers for private ones? Give teachers tenure, or subject them to evaluation? These are important issues, but, as Ulrich Boser points out, they largely sidestep the most fundamental issue: What's the best way to present information so that students actually learn?
There has been much research along these lines in recent years, and Boser discusses lots of it in his just-published book Learn Better: Mastering the Skills for Success in Life, Business, and School, or, How to Become an Expert in Just About Anything. In a recent interview, he talked with Pacific Standard about some common misconceptions and surprising truths regarding teaching and learning.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Boser is a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress, where he focuses on education. His previous books include The Leap: The Science of Trust and Why it Matters. Learn Better was named by Amazon as one of the 10 best new books published in March.
Why, for all our concerns about education, do we pay so little attention to teaching methods?
One issue is the belief that a really charismatic teacher can teach anything. This mythical teacher jumps up on tables and engages students. This undermines the fact there is a real science and craft behind how you explain complicated ideas, how you relate to students who might be struggling at home, and so many other things that are behind great teaching.
Where did this romanticized view of teachers come from?
I think some of it has to do with gender. For a long time, teaching was something women did. It was not treated as a true profession.
So how might things change if we looked at teaching methods in a more rigorous, research-driven way? Are there proven methods of learning that, for no good reason, we refuse to adopt?
We've known about the “spacing effect” for 200 years. You're better off spreading out your learning over time. The more you revisit ideas over a period of time, the more that you learn. There's no debate about this.
And yet we tend to cram before a test. We also tend to highlight words or phrases as we read, which you report is highly ineffective.
When we're re-reading or highlighting, we're not deeply engaging with the material. More engaging tasks, like self-explaining or quizzing oneself, are more effective.
(Photo: Courtesy of Ulrich Boser)
We think of our minds as like computers: Information comes up and then gets filed into various folders. Instead, we need to really engage with material, and discover what connections there are with what we already know. Self-quizzing can help with that, because you're explaining things to yourself — making that information meaningful.
Let's say you're about to give a presentation at work. We have a natural tendency to want to re-read our notes. But you're much better off putting away your notes and giving a practice presentation. Doing that, you're drawing the material out of memory, which makes the memories stronger.
You conducted an online survey to discover what Americans think effective teaching looks like. How far off is conventional wisdom from proven methods?
We surveyed a representative sample of 3,000 people. We found they were overconfident in their judgment of what good teaching looks like.
You report that 71 percent approved of the notion of “motivating students by praising them for being smart.” What's wrong with that approach?
It's about having a “growth mindset” as opposed to a “fixed mindset” regarding intelligence. A growth mindset suggests that you can do better if you work harder. This makes kids more likely to apply themselves. When people have a fixed mindset, they become more brittle; they're less likely to work hard when they encounter an obstacle, because they believe that, if they can't so something, it's because they don't have that innate ability.
This also applies to believing you do or do not have an innate singing ability, or an innate drawing ability. It becomes very binary: You try something, you fail, and that means you don't have it. Now, a lot of schools promote a growth mindset, at least on a superficial level. At my third grader's school, I see things along the lines of “The brain is a muscle — the more you use it, the stronger you get” on posters. But it's easy to slip into a fixed mindset.
Many of us also have this idea that we need to master one subject, or one subset of a topic, before moving on to another. But you report the research shows mixing things up is far more effective.
This is the idea of “interleaving.” I use the example of basketball training. People tend to practice foul shots on Day One, three-pointers on Day Two, and jumpers on Day Three. But you're better off mixing it up each day. This research goes back to the 1970s in terms of basketball, but since then we've seen evidence that it works with high-level math skills and a number of other fields. I'm surprised that hasn't taken off more.
So are you attempting to apply some of these ideas with your own children?
Yes. I'm trying to push for more homework on the weekend, because she will forget less if the learning is spaced out. That does not make me a popular father. My stock has definitely gone down at home.
This interview has been edited for length and clarity.
Decades of sharp exchanges between Britain and Argentina escalated this week as Argentina reasserted its claim to the Falklands Islands, a territory about 300 miles off the Argentine coast that has been ruled by Britain since 1833. Britain responded, as it always has, that it has no intention of giving the islands up.
Today, as the 30th anniversary of the two nations' war over the South Atlantic's Falklands approaches, tensions have risen, with Britain accusing Argentina of “colonialism” for pursuing its claim.
On Jan. 30, Britain announced it was deploying the destroyer HMS Dauntless to the South Atlantic, replacing a less powerful warship that is there now. Today Prince William, second-in-line to the British throne, began his Royal Air Force posting to the Falklands – arriving, as many Argentineans saw it, in “the uniform of the conqueror," even though he is flying a search-and-rescue helicopter.
The Royal Navy denies either move is significant, saying it has long had a presence in the South Atlantic and the replacement of one warship with another is “routine.”
The two-month Falklands War, which began when Argentina invaded the islands with little warning in 1982, resulted in the death of 255 British and about 650 Argentinean soldiers. After almost three peaceable decades, tensions began to boil over once again in 2010, when British oil companies showed an interest in oil exploration near the Falklands. Argentina decreed that ships passing through its waters to the islands would require permits.
In June 2011, Argentinean President Cristina Fernandez described Britain as a “crass colonial power in decline” after it refused to hold talks over the islands. Britain has said it will only agree to talks if Falkland residents – who are British citizens and wish to remain British, the government argues – request them.
Yesterday, Britain's National Security Council discussed the Falkland's defenses. Today Prime Minister David Cameron told Parliament that Britain was committed to protecting the islands and that it was up to the Falklanders to determine their nationality.
"What the Argentineans have been saying recently, I would argue, is actually far more like colonialism because these people want to remain British and the Argentineans want them to do something else."
Argentina's interior minister, Florencio Randazzo, hit back, describing Mr. Cameron's words as “totally offensive.” Foreign Minister Hector Timerman described Britain as "a synonym for colonialism."
The squabbling has disrupted the lives of the 3,000 Falklanders, bringing higher food prices. Editor's note: a portion of the previous sentence was removed because it included incorrect information about a poll. The Islands' economy, driven by raising sheep and fishing the in the rich waters of the area, generates about $170 million a year.
In December, the South American trading bloc Mercosur agreed, as an act of solidarity with Argentina, that vessels sailing under a Falklands Islands flag would be banned from docking at the ports of any of its members. The Argentinean government has also threatened to cut the weekly route between Port Stanley and Punta Arenas in Chile, which includes a period of time in Argentinean airspace and is the Islands' only air link with South America, as well as its main link to the outside world, the Guardian reports.
Following sweeping cuts to Britain's armed forces, some have suggested that Britain would be less able to defend the Falklands than it was in 1982.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
The presence of HMS Dauntless, a Type 45 destroyer, would make it hard for Argentina to try to attack the Falklands by air, because any war planes could be shot out of the sky by the ship's powerful missile system. Dauntless, which can carry 700 people in the event of a civilian evacuation, is armed with high-tech Sea Viper anti-air missiles and can carry 60 troops.
“We will always be in a position to defend the Falkland Islands if necessary, not that we are aware of any military threat to the Falkland Islands at the moment,” said British Foreign Secretary William Hague Tuesday. “We will always reaffirm that capability and we will always make sure that it's there.”
ANAHEIM, Calif. – Larry Murphy said he was shocked and disappointed to be let go as a broadcaster and studio analyst for Detroit Red Wings games on Fox Sports Detroit.
Murphy was informed last week by Greg Hammaren, senior vice president and general manager of FSD, that his services were no longer required. Murphy had worked for the station in some capacity since 2002-03.
“I was shocked, didn't see it coming,'' Murphy told MLive.com. “They said they just needed a change, ratings weren't what they were. That was basically it (for an explanation).
“I'm still trying to figure it out.''
Hammaren did not return a call from MLive.com seeking comment.
Murphy said he was scheduled to work the studio for the game at Calgary last Wednesday when he got a call “out of the blue'' from Hammaren the day before telling him he was terminated. He also had been slated to work in the broadcast booth during the four-game road trip that started Friday in Anaheim. But now Mickey Redmond is on the trip.
It is unclear why FSD made the change in the middle of the season instead of just declining to renew Murphy's contract after the year. Murphy said the timing also surprises him.
Murphy, 52, started working part-time as a color analyst alongside play-by-play announcer Ken Daniels in 2002-03, a couple of years after he retired following a Hall-of-Fame career in which he played 21 NHL seasons as a defenseman, including four-plus for the Red Wings. He began by filling in on some road trips for Redmond, whose travel was reduced because of Celiac Disease and the difficulty finding gluten-free meals on the road for an extended time.
Murphy's workload increased over the years. He worked full-time the past three seasons, either in the booth, between the benches or in the studio.
“It's disappointing,'' Murphy said. “I really enjoyed the job, working for Fox and covering the Detroit Red Wings.
“I'm going to miss it.''
Murphy doesn't know if he will remain in the broadcasting business.
“I haven't decided what I want to do,'' he said. “I envisioned myself being here for a long period of time. This is a curveball.
“I'd like to stay in the industry, but I'm not sure if I want to move. I enjoy living in Detroit.''
Story highlights U.S. State Department condemns execution, questions fairness of trial
Woman was sentenced to death for the 2007 killing of a former intelligence ministry employee
Rights group says she was sexually assaulted and killed her attacker in self-defense
It says she was convicted of murder after "a flawed investigation and unfair trial"
An Iranian woman convicted of murder -- in a killing that human rights groups called self-defense against a rapist -- was hanged Saturday, state news agency IRNA reported.
The United Nations has said she never received a fair trial. The U.S. State Department also said there were concerns about the trial.
"There were serious concerns with the fairness of the trial and the circumstances surrounding this case, including reports of confessions made under severe duress," State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Saturday.
"We condemn this morning's execution in Iran of Reyhaneh Jabbari, an Iranian woman convicted of killing a man she said she stabbed in self-defense during a sexual assault," Psaki said.
Jabbari's execution was originally scheduled for September 30, but was postponed. Amnesty International said the delay may have been in response to the public outcry against the execution.
The United Nations and the United States had expressed concerns over the fairness of Reyhaneh Jabbari's trial.
Jabbari was convicted of murder after "a flawed investigation and unfair trial," according to Amnesty International.
The United Nations has said Sarbandi hired Jabbari -- then a 19-year-old interior designer -- to work on his office. She stabbed him after he sexually assaulted her, it said.
Jabbari was held in solitary confinement without access to her lawyer and family for two months, Amnesty International said in a statement. She was tortured during that time, the group said.
"Amnesty International understands that, at the outset of the investigation, Reyhaneh Jabbari admitted to stabbing the man once in the back, but claimed she had done so after he had tried to sexually abuse her," the rights group said. "She also maintained that a third person in the house had been involved in the killing. These claims, if proven, could exonerate her but are believed never to have been properly investigated, raising many questions about the circumstances of the killing."
Iranian Oscar-winning director Asghar Farhadi joined scores of Iranian artists and musicians calling for a halt to the execution. In an open letter, Farhadi asked the victim's family to pardon her, a possibility under Iranian law.
Rights groups have criticized Iran for a surge in executions under Hassan Rouhani in his first year as president.
UK Foreign Office Minister for the Middle East Tobias Ellwood said he was "very concerned and saddened" that Jabbari had been executed, especially given the questions concerning due process in the case.
"The UN Special Rapporteur for Human Rights in Iran, Dr Ahmed Shaheed, noted that her conviction was allegedly based on confessions made while under threat, and the court failed to take into account all evidence into its judgment," he said in a statement.
"Actions like these do not help Iran build confidence or trust with the international community. I urge Iran to put a moratorium on all executions."
According to the United Nations, Iran has executed at least 170 people this year. Last year, it executed more people than any other country with the exception of China, the world's most populous nation.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, speaking in July, said the death penalty has no place in the 21st century and urged all countries to work toward its abolition.
Microsoft last week doused speculation that it would make Windows free across the board.
"We've not had any conversations [about] Windows 10 being a loss leader for us," Kevin Turner, Microsoft's chief operating officer, said at a technology conference sponsored by Credit Suisse on Thursday. "[But] we've got to monetize it differently. There are additional opportunities for us to bring additional services to the product and do it in a creative way."
Turner was short on specifics, but spelled out in general terms those opportunities, saying that new business models will allow the company "to monetize the lifetime of that customer" by selling them services and what he called "add-ons."
Most analysts have assumed that Microsoft will continue to expand its Windows-for-free practices to keep customers within its ecosystem, then sell them other products, including services and subscriptions, to make up the Windows revenue decline. Microsoft already gives away its Windows Phone OS and Windows 8.1 for devices with screens 9-in. and smaller, even subsidizes Windows 8.1 for OEMs' ultra-low-priced laptops.
In fact, Turner boasted of that strategy's effectiveness Thursday, calling out both inexpensive tablets and cheap notebooks, like Hewlett-Packard's HP streamline. The latter relies on the subsidized Windows 8.1 for its $199 starting price. "You're seeing $200 laptops, you're seeing $99 Windows tablets, embracing and extending the ecosystem by lighting up some of these new business-model scenarios, allowing us to monetize the lifetime of that customer through services and different add-ons." Turner said.
Turner's dismissal of Windows as a "loss leader," however, won't preclude specific moves, especially on the consumer side that could include free upgrades to Windows 10 from Windows 8.1, or as a longer shot, from Windows 7, as well. But he implied that Microsoft will continue to charge OEMs for Windows licenses in most cases, its effort to crush Chromebooks with a underwritten-by-search OS notwithstanding.
More information on how Microsoft plans to reap revenue from Windows will be forthcoming soon. "The business model stuff will be out in probably the early part of 2015," Turner said.
As for the next Windows, which Microsoft has pegged with the version number of 10, skipping past 9 in an attempt to make customers forget the bad taste of Windows 8, Turner added that it would go public in the late summer or early fall of 2015.
"By next late summer and early fall we'll be able to bring out this particular OS," said Turner, referring to Windows 10. "That's the current plan of record."
Turner's timeline was in the same ballpark, although perhaps a tad later, than earlier public commentary from Microsoft, which had said mid-2015. The difference may have simply been semantics, or related to milestones.
Microsoft typically reaches the "release to manufacturing," or RTM milestone approximately two months before an OS is released to the public. RTM is a term Microsoft uses to define code that's completed and ready to ship to OEMs (original equipment manufacturers) for installation on new devices. In other words, the previous schedule may have alluded to an RTM timeline, while Turner's was to a public launch.
Turner also reiterated what other Microsoft executives have said, that the firm would next unveil a consumer-oriented preview, although he used the phrase "early spring" to describe the timing. Previously, "early 2015" had been Microsoft's timetable.
The COO's timeline is important if Microsoft hopes to make next year's back-to-school selling season, which the company's OSes have regularly missed.
At one point, when the talk -- unconfirmed by Microsoft -- was that Windows 10 would release before mid-year, analysts applauded because it would put the new operating system on devices in time to make back-to-school, the second largest U.S. sales season for consumer PCs.
Turner's schedule now makes that unlikely, although Windows 10 could make the tail end of back-to-school, which traditionally ends in early September. Instead, it firmly plants Windows 10 in sync with Microsoft's traditional three-year launch cycle -- like 2012's Windows 8 and 2009's Windows 7 -- for making the fourth quarter and its high-water mark of consumer device sales.
Some analysts had predicted that a while ago. "We'll probably see Windows 10 pre-loaded on devices for the holidays next year, said Michael Silver of Gartner in October.
Among the other subjects Turner touched on was the Surface Pro 3, Microsoft's tablet-that-wants-to-be-a-notebook. "Surface Pro 3 is just a home run for us from a device perspective," said Turner at one point. A little later, when asked what marks Microsoft wanted to hit in the next 12 months, Turner added, "We want to continue to see Surface Pro 3 do well."
Turner's use of "home run" to describe the Surface Pro 3 may have been his way of comparing that model to its predecessors -- by all accounts it has sold better than the earlier tablets in the line -- but sounded hyperbolic nonetheless. Microsoft did record a profit on the Surface line for the first time in the third quarter, but likely sold fewer than one million devices in that three-month stretch, far from a sales homer in either the personal computer or tablet markets.
A transcript of Turner's commentary has been published on Microsoft's website in Word document format, and can be read from within a browser using the Word app of Office Online.
This story, "Free Windows? Not a chance " was originally published by Computerworld .
Jessica Dubroff
P
ILOT, TRAGIC MEDIA DARLING
May 5, 1988 - April 11, 1996
I figure Jessica will do more for civil aviation [than anyone] since Amelia Earhart.
- Lloyd Dubroff
Jessica Dubroff was born in Massachusetts in 1988 to management consultant Lloyd Dubroff and spiritual healer Lisa Hathaway. The two separated four years later in California, never having married, and Jessica lived with and was homeschooled by her mother. Her parents apparently maintained amiable relations, however, with Lloyd staying involved in his children's lives. Lisa encouraged her children to take charge of their lives and to passionately dedicate themselves to their own goals and interests, and Jessica developed just such an interest when she was six and her parents arranged to go up together in a small plane. Starting flying lessons in November of 1996, she developed a goal, as well: to be the youngest pilot to fly across the country.
The Guinness Book of World Records had ceased recognizing such "youngest pilot" records in fear of encouraging potentially unsafe flights after 9-year-old Rachel Carter claimed the title in 1994, but despite that lack of "official" recognition, 8-year-old Killian Moss had broken her record in 1995. FAA regulations require pilots to be 16 years old to solo and 17 to acquire a license (though it is possible to petition for and receive waivers granting exemptions), but any licensed pilot may allow any passenger, licensed or not, to take the controls. The original pilot is officially noted as the "pilot in command", regardless of their actual level of control over the flight, and is considered responsible for the aircraft. Jessica planned to make her flight under the nominal pilotship of Jessica's flight instructor Joe Reid, who was paid for his time, stated that he intended to leave Jessica in control except in case of emergencies (most airplanes are fully controllable from both the pilot and copilot's seats), and was reportedly somewhat amused by the whole thing. At Jessica's request, her father also accompanied her in the back seat of the plane, Reid's Cessna Cardinal 177B, tail number N35207. The 177 is a fairly comfortable four-seat, high-wing airplane. While I've never flown one before, I've flown similar models that are said to be functionally identical, and found them to be sturdy and reliable, with more than adequate power and handling.
The plan in its final form was for an eight day round trip, starting from Half Moon Bay, California on April the 10th, heading to the east coast, and then making their way back to where they started by the 17th. As news of her intentions became known, Jessica became the subject of considerable media attention, the Today Show interviewing her crew prior to departure and planning to broadcast their east coast landing live, while local and regional outlets made arrangements to meet with and cover the group at every landing. Jessica departed Half Moon Bay around 7 AM on April 10th. By just after 5 PM, she made her third and final landing of the day at Cheyenne Municipal Airport in Cheyenne, Wyoming, for a total distance covered of just under a thousand miles as the crow flies.
At around 8:25 AM on the 11th, Dubroff took off from Cheyenne Municipal Airport in conditions of heavy rain with strong winds and occasional sleet and snow, the type of weather you occasionally see described as "wintry mix". Witnesses on the ground reported that the plane made an extremely shallow climb for a short period, began a turn to the right, and then apparently entered a stall and crashed to the ground in a residential neighborhood, about 4,000 feet from the end of the runway. This was not even a crash landing, but rather an outright crash, with the nose of the plane striking a driveway at approximately a 60-degree angle. Though there were no casualties and negligible property damage on the ground, the plane was destroyed, and all onboard were killed. It is believed that Dubroff was not in control of the aircraft at the time of the crash - while Reid had claimed that he would keep his hands off the controls except in the case of emergency, this would certainly seem to qualify as such, and the discovery of the most severe fractures in his arm bones suggest that he was handling the yoke at the time of impact.
The NTSB report laid out several factors which together caused the crash. First, and most obvious, were the weather conditions, in which it is generally agreed that flying was unadvisable and the takeoff should have been postponed. Instead, the group decided to take off before the weather worsened and departure became entirely infeasible. The decision not to postpone is attributed in large part to media commitments which dictated a strict adherence to the original itinerary. The presence of a thunderstorm in the area, which would have been encountered if the plane continued to fly a straight path after takeoff, was credited for the rightward turn. The force of lift acting on a plane is always perpendicular to the flight path and to the wings, and when banking less lift is acting upwards, and the plane does not rise as fast or may descend. This did not in and of itself cause the crash, but an attempt to pull the aircraft's nose higher to compensate may have contributed to the stall.
Further, between three people, supplies and luggage for same, and the many souvenirs accepted and promotional items given as gifts along the heavily publicized tour, the plane was a little less than a hundred pounds over its rated takeoff weight at the time it left the airport. Cheyenne Airport is also located at a relatively high altitude, over 6,000 feet above sea level, a condition which neither Jessica nor Reid had much familiarity with. In layman's terms, this means the air was thin and the engine power output is noticeably decreased unless the fuel/air mixture is adjusted, a relatively simple procedure, but one that it appears was not performed. Both of these factors would decrease power, slow climb, and increase the "stall speed", which indicates an airspeed below which the plane is likely to enter a stall. Finally, though it is obviously difficult to assess in retrospect, there are suspicions that the flyers may not have had enough sleep and were fatigued, which would negatively affect awareness, reaction time, and decision-making.
In summary, the plane was taken up in adverse conditions, and with tolerances cut by several factors the pilots may not have been aware of, was pushed beyond its limits. No signs of mechanical failure were found, and the accident was attributed entirely to human error. None of this should be taken to say that Reid was particularly incompetent or foolhardy, however - the NTSB performs very exhaustive analyses of all such aircraft accidents, tracing and noting every possible contributing factor. These are then published for other pilots to learn from, and I read the summaries of many such reports when I was taking flying lessons. Believe you me, many people get in trouble arising from far stupider errors and poor decisions. Many more do the same things or worse and come out of it fine - while Reid is not to be held blameless, the crash was a product of a number of factors ganging up and his luck falling through at the wrong time.
Lisa Hathaway, contacted for comment in the weeks after the crash, renounced any notions of regret over her daughter's attempt, reaffirming her support for Jessica's interest and ambition, and placing the death in the context of Jessica's following her dream. Somewhat eerily, she quoted Jessica as having earlier proclaimed that "I want to fly until I die". Jessica's 9-year-old brother Joshua reportedly intended to perform a memorial overflight of Jessica's funeral, well-attended by the media, but was prevented by bad weather.
In the wake of Jessica's death, there were scattered calls for something to be done, though it was often unclear what the specific problem was or what should be done to address it. Resisting (rightly, in my opinion) calls to enact a minimum age to operate an aircraft, the FAA waited out the media cycle doing nothing more than issuing a few advisories, essentially reminders to pilots to pay attention to what they were doing. A vaguely showboating inquiry was convened and an attempt to legislate an age restriction surfaced in Congress, but died in committee. With a minimum of public attention, insurance claims were negotiated, and the matter dropped off the radar entirely. As of this node's date of writing, there have been no further publicly acknowledged attempts at youthful transcontinental flight, and Killian Moss retains the record for the foreseeable future.
Again, saying reasonable amount qualifies the statement, which was my objection to begin with, you need to explain what you are supporting rather than saying something simple which involves complex problems.
There are a lot of versions of nationalism, which one could take to support the statement "pride in one's nation" as it's core. Again, nazism was a type of nationalism on the extreme side of things, and I have seen several versions of nationalism on this sub which nationalists should not consider if they want to make a good case for it. Hence, the need to qualify what you are saying.
To get to the point, what is a reasonable amount of pride in one's people, and what do you mean by one's people. To give an example answer, one's people would qualify as one's nation, and a reasonable amount of pride would be pride in their nations accomplishments. Which again warrants the need for a more specific answer.
The reason I bring this up, is because Taiwan is both culturally and ethnically related to China in a fundamental way that they could be considered to be two states of a single nation, and hence to drop a Taiwan actor for a Chinese film could result in one nation growing apart (again, this is just an example, not an actual viewpoint I'm arguing for).
Furthermore, are there anything China could take pride in as a nation that they probably shouldn't. One of the actual views I would argue for is that until it changes, Chinese people should not be nationalistic when it comes to the communist party and the actions taken within the government itself as a political entity.
Another viewpoint of why nationalism is bad could be expressed by Confucians, who may argue that the nation creates a false boundary between 天下, and demolishes the family as a unit. An example of which could found within China itself during the cultural revolution, in which family members turned on family members.
As a corollary, which part of one's nation does one support in nationalism? Are you saying that one ought to support communist China or Confucian China? There are reasons not to take pride in both (though, one of those things is better than the other).
This is what I mean by qualifying what you are saying.
Dubai: A housemaid was arrested for murdering her sponsors' baby by suffocating her with a wet rag as she slept, a top police official said.
The official said the baby's Indian parents in their 30s, who live in the Al Qusais area, returned from work on Sunday to find their only child dead.
“They thought that it was a natural death but relatives insisted they take their dead baby to the hospital,” the official added.
The girl's body was transferred to Dubai Police's forensic medicine department. An autopsy found the cause of death to be suffocation.
The police official said the housemaid, who is in her 20s, is suspected of using a wet rag to suffocate the girl while she slept.
The official said CID launched an investigation and questioned the housemaid who said that she had been upset because her sponsors had prevented her from going on vacation to her home country.
The housemaid told police her sponsor refused to let her go because the child's mother had started her new job five months earlier and he was unable to take leave from work.
“We suspected that the housemaid murdered the child,” police said.
Police said the housemaid initially denied having anything to do with the death of the child. Later on she confessed to the crime and said she thought the baby's death would enable her to take leave.
The housemaid is being detained at Al Qusais Police Station and the case has been transferred to the public prosecution.
After nearly eight years of its formation on October 14, 2004, the Communist Party of India-Maoist (CPI-Maoist), admitted that the party had ‘considerably weakened'. In a statement issued by its Central Committee (CC), dated July 5, 2012, the group acknowledged, “Our failures and shortcomings in studying the deceptive strategy of the enemy and taking up counter tactics by understanding the tactics taken by them to wipe (out) our leadership and subjective forces as part of that strategy are reasons behind the serious losses we are facing.”
Earlier, on June 12, 2012, in a press statement issued by Gudsa Usendi, the spokesperson of the Dandyakaranya [forest area situated between the borders of Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra and Odisha] Special Zonal Committee (DKSZC), the rebels admitted that the party had lost 150 members, including senior leaders, cadres and guerrilla fighters, across the country in the preceding year, of which 40 were lost in Dandyakaranya alone.
The Maoists have lost several top leaders since the formation of the group. According to data compiled by the Institute for Conflict Management, the outfit has lost at least nine members out of the 16-member Politburo of 2007, the highest decision making body, as well 18 members of its 39 member CC [including the 9 politburo members, who are also the members of the CC.] The most prominent losses include Cherukuri Rajkumar alias Azad (Politburo member and spokesperson, killed on July 2, 2010), Mallojula Koteswara Rao alias Kishanji (member of the Politburo and Central Military Commission killed on November 24, 2011), Kobad Ghandy (Maoist ideologue arrested on September 21, 2009). The Maoists have also lost at least 65 top leaders at various levels. The most recent of these losses was Mohan Vishwakarma, a senior member of the Maoist's Central Technical Committee and Technical Research and Arms Manufacturing Unit, who was arrested in Kolkata (West Bengal) on July 26, 2012.
The impact of the loss of these leaders is evident, for instance, in West Bengal, where the insurrection had experienced a surge under the leadership of Koteshwar Rao in 2009-10, but has ground to a standstill in the aftermath of his killing in November 2011. West Bengal had registered 636 fatalities in Maoist-related violence in just under three years, since 2009, till the time of Koteshwar Rao's death, but has recorded just three killings in more than eight months since.
Overall fatalities in Maoist violence across the country have also decreased considerably over the past two years, at least partly due to the impact of leadership losses within the Party, though also, in some measure, due to the winding down of the Centre's so-called “massive and coordinated operations” against the Maoists after the Chintalnad massacre of Security Force (SF) personnel in April 2010. Thus, just 232 fatalities have been recorded through 2012 (till August 5) as against 602 in 2011, a peak of 1,180 in 2010, and 997 in 2009.
The loss in leadership has also affected party unity, with increasing evidence of rising dissent within the organization, particularly as the Telugu (Andhra Pradesh)-dominated leadership coming under increasing challenge. In Odisha, one of the prominent Maoist leaders, who dominated the ‘Banshadhara Divison' – Rayagada, Gajapati and Kandhamal Districts – Sabyasachi Panda, Secretary of the Odisha State Organizing Committee (OSOC), has announced his defection from the party and has in a 60 page letter (including a 20 page ‘Basadara Report' dating back to 2003) criticizing the leadership, recent strategic failures, growing ‘deviations' – ideological, tactical and cultural, including an increasing proclivity to autocratic command, regional partisanship (in favour of Telugu cadres and leaders), the absence of grievance redressal, ‘cultural hegemony', intolerance of dissent, “financial anarchy” and sexual improprieties. Reports indicate that Suresh, a ‘unit commander' belonging to Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC), backed by about 30 cadres, has been searching for Panda across the tribal hamlets in this relatively inaccessible region. An undated letter, signed by ‘Subhash' of the ‘Banshadhara Divisional Committee', notes that “senior Maoist leaders of Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh have taken note of the anti-organisational activities of Sabyasachi (Panda). He is suspected of being a mole working for the Intelligence agencies of the government… There is evidence suggest(ing) that he has embezzled party fund and has deposited money in different banks in the name of his wife and children… All his supporters will be given due punishment at an appropriate moment.” In his letter to “comrades in Jail and outside” Panda had voiced his fears that he would be ‘annihilated' by the Party.
In another index of declining morale, 145 Maoist militia members surrendered before Police in the Khammam District of Andhra Pradesh, at one time, among the ‘heartland' areas of the Maoist insurrection, on July 24, 2012. The militia members were from 30 villages on the border of Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.
With a visible weakening of the movement, even in ‘heartland' areas, SFs have, for the first time, begun to venture into the Maoist ‘central guerilla zone' in the Abujhmadh Forest, which extends across roughly 4,000 square kilometers, between Gadchiroli in Maharashtra and Narayanpur in Chhattisgarh. Though the SFs failed to record any major successes, and have conducted at least one botched operation, resulting in the death of 18 persons, most of them civilians, at Sarkeguda in Bijapur District on June 28, 2012, the mere penetration of SFs in the jungles of Abujhmadh symbolizes diminishing Maoist prowess. Inspector General of Police (Operations) in Chhattisgarh, Pankaj Singh, disclosed that 33 Maoist cadres were arrested during an operation carried out through March 5 to 20, 2012.
The Maoists have clearly recognized the crisis within the movement, and have initiated efforts towards course correction. The July 5, 2012, statement notes:
A change must occur in our work methods in accordance with the material conditions, level of the movement and our tasks. Our methods must be improved such that the three magic weapons for victory of revolution — party, people's army and united front — get consolidated and strengthened. (We must) guard against losing manpower by amending flaws that have crept into the outfit.
In an effort to unite separate groups fighting for the same ideology, the CPI-Maoist has decided to call off violence against various Left Wing Extremist (LWE) factions and splinter groups for three months. The Bihar-Jharkhand-North Chhattisgarh Special Area Committee (BJNCSAC) spokesman, Gopal, in a statement issued on June 24, 2012, disclosed that the decision for a ‘unilateral ceasefire' against other armed groups was taken to invite them to work from a unified and stronger front for the common people, instead of expending their energies in working in their individual capacities: “We can set aside our personal differences in ideology for the betterment of common people and when the government is harassing villagers and trying to suppress their movement for new democracy, all the groups must understand the need of the hour and join hands.”
On the strategic front, the Maoist leadership is reported to have sent key leaders to the AOBSZ from Chhattisgarh to strengthen the party and lift the sagging morale of cadres, to counter losses in the interior forests of Odisha and Chhattisgarh. Gajarla Ashok aka Ranganna aka Janardhan aka Aitu, in-charge of the ‘South Bastar Division' in DKSZC, has been assigned the crucial responsibility of reviving the party in the AOBSZ, and is to replace current AOBSZ ‘military chief' Pratapareddy Ramachandra Reddy alias Anjaneyulu who, according to the party, has ‘failed miserably'.
The Maoists continue to insist that the socio-political-economic environment in India creates an ‘excellent revolutionary condition' in the country, arguing:
Material conditions in our country are increasingly turning favorable to the revolution. All kinds of social contradictions are sharpening. The most reactionary ‘Saranda Action Plan' is part of this. Adivasi and other oppressed masses are advancing forward in the revolutionary path under the leadership of the party and the PLGA [People's Liberation Guerilla Army] by valiantly fighting back such repressive policies of the government. All comrades martyred in B-J [Bihar-Jharkhand] laid down their lives in battles with the enemy while preserving the natural riches that rightfully belonged only to the local people…. If we have to advance the revolution towards victory by utilizing this excellent revolutionary condition, then we must fulfill the following immediate tasks… developing guerilla warfare into mobile warfare and developing PLGA and to turn Dandyakaranya and Bihar-Jharkhand into liberated areas.
The Maoists gained significant momentum in West Bengal during the course of the Nandigram and Singur agitations of 2008-09, but appear to have entered a phase of stasis since 2011. They have created a foothold in Arunachal Pradesh in India's troubled Northeast, instigating the locals to join anti-dam movements in eastern part of the State, even as reports indicate a consolidation in parts of Assam and Manipur. Andhra Pradesh, which had seen the Maoists virtually expelled from their traditional heartland in the Telangana region, has seen some efforts at restoration, on back of the Telengana agitation for separate statehood. The State recorded its first SF fatality after 2008, on April 26, 2012. While there is evidence of a retraction of the strategy to “extend the people's war across the country”, in the wake of leadership losses, efforts for consolidation in ‘heartland' areas, and extension into vulnerable areas, are in evidence along faultlines across the nation, even as the infirmities of governance continue to provide ample opportunities for the resurrection of their ‘dwindling movement'.
Union Minister of State for Home, Jitendra Singh, thus observed, on May 27, 2012:
The Government and the political system is to be blamed for the Maoist problem in India… (There has been a) lack of communication between the government and the people in different areas of the country, which has led to impoverishment. People with vested interest are now taking advantage of the underdevelopment and negligence and instigating the poor to take up arms leading to the Maoist movement in India.
Despite reverses, the Maoists appear to have initiated a course correction. The Government, on the other hand, appears to remain clueless. Despite Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and former Union Home Minister P. Chidambaram repeatedly stressing the enormity of the internal security threat posed by the Maoists, many, both in the States and at the Centre, continue to articulate the position that the Maoists are “misguided youth who have to be dealt with a soft hand”. Reports indicate that several members of the National Advisory Council (NAC), headed by ruling United Progressive Alliance (UPA) chairperson Sonia Gandhi, which ‘guides' the Government in policy making, remain committed to this notion and approach. Several State leaders also advocate the line of ‘negotiating' with the Maoists to restore ‘peace'. The Odisha Chief Minister, Naveen Patnaik, on May 21, 2012, thus stated, “I appeal again to my misguided young brothers and sisters who have gone to the Maoist cause… to return to the mainstream.”
The Maoists still have an estimated 46,600 armed cadres – 8,600 ‘hardcore' armed squad members and 38,000 jan militia carrying rudimentary weapons and providing logistics support to the core group of the PLGA. If the present and whimsical approach of clueless state agencies and Governments persist, the Maoist ‘course correction' is likely to create new dangers in the foreseeable future.
http://www.eurasiareview.com/06082012-india-cpi-maoist-anxious-course-correction-analysis/
BURLINGTON, Vt. —In the state that ranks #2 in the United States for monthly marijuana users and #3 in the nation for annual marijuana users (via High Times), cannabis reform questions continue to lift interest in local and statewide political races. And since Vermonters can start casting official ballots for the August 9 primaries as of June 24, campaigns are increasingly being asked to clarify cannabis positions at ‘meet and greet' events, garden parties, town parades, and on dozens of ‘blank for VT' Facebook pages throughout the state.
Therefore, Heady Vermont is proud to announce two #vtpoli projects: The first is a series of profiles for statewide candidates where we spend 15 minutes or more getting into the details with major candidates. Back in April, we interviewed Lt. Governor Candidate Kesha Ram and last week we interviewed gubernatorial candidate Peter Galbraith, whose interview will be published in coming days (make sure you're signed up for Heady Vermont email list to get all the latest stories).
When it comes to the Governor's race, Vermont Public Radio has been leading the cannabis coverage thus far, having already hosted five, 50-plus minute “Meet The Candidates for Governor of Vermont” interviews on Vermont Edition, accompanied by an online ‘Ask Me Anything' question series (shout out to /u/taylordobbs). To highlight some of the sexier campaign issues, VPR also released each candidate's take on Guns, Taxes, Marijuana and Health Care. For a 2 minute snapshot of where the candidates stand, check the following excerpts from VPR: Sue Minter – Matt Dunne – Peter Galbraith – Phil Scott – Bruce Lisman
As important as the executive branch will be to the future of cannabis policy (especially considering the influence of the six state agency heads and 21 commissioners appointed by the future governor to lead Public Safety, Taxes, Agriculture, Transportation and more), we're also paying close attention to the legislative races, putting a microscope on both State Senate and State Representative races all over the state.
To provide Vermont voters with the most thorough and detailed candidate guide in these local races, our second #vtpoli summer project is an interactive map of digital candidates and their policy positions on cannabis. The diamonds represent new candidates for an office, while the circles represent Senate incumbents; those white diamonds are candidates who have yet to respond or whose stance we've yet to track down.
The methodology for determining a red/yellow/green ranking is based on a combination of past votes, stated campaign positions, responses at public forums, and the results of in-person interviews. All candidates are being asked the same cannabis (marijuana) survey questions, the full responses to which are posted online, starting with the State Senate race. Candidates or members of the public wishing for an explanation on any of the rankings can email news@headyvermont.com or contact us via the Heady Vermont facebook page, or on Twitter.
As of June 29, candidate responses have come from: Candidate Ron Horton (R-Essex-Orleans), Senator Joe Benning (R-Caledonia), Candidate Debbie Ingram Candidate (D-Chittenden), Senator Jeanette White (D-Windham), Senator Richard Westman (R-Lamoille), Candidate Chris Pearson (D/P-Chittenden; current Representative – ) and Candidate Alison Clarkson (D-Windsor; current Representative).
Along with Heady Vermont and traditional Vermont media outlets. the Marijuana Policy Project (MPP) sent out a brief survey to candidates to all candidates as part of their annual voter guide, to be released in mid-July. On the other side, statewide marijuana opposition group SAM-VT recently resurfaced in a VTDigger commentary to claim victory and thank Vermont politicians.
However, new Vermont medical marijuana patients are already benefitting from the S.14 updates and that number of patients could double or even triple in the next year according to a recent MJBizDaily interview with Champlain Valley Dispensary Executive Director Shayne Lynn. Patient advocates and grassroots networks, such as Vermont Homegrown, had a strong impact in 2016 and remain active during the summer season, closely watching the stances of candidates and the progress of nearby states.
With Vermonters already casting ballots for the August 9 primaries, advocates, media outlets, and private citizens continue to question candidates about not only the “if” questions, but the “how” questions when it comes to cannabis reform — including stances on home grown, the opening of more dispensaries, allocation of tax revenues, and more. As temperatures rise and neighboring states place the question at the top of their own ballots, Vermont candidates can continue to expect elevated interest from constituents.
Find out more about voting in Vermont via the Secretary of State website.
To stay informed on the latest, check the Heady Vermont Cannabis Candidate Map and send questions about candidates to news@headyvermont.com or reach out to us via the Heady Vermont Facebook Page.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
MPs have voted 366 – 161 overwhelmingly in favour of passing the Marriage (Same-sex Couples Bill) – in its third reading in the House of Commons – giving it a majority of 205.
Shortly before the vote took place, Culture Secretary and Minister for Equalities, Maria Miller told MPs:
“I accept that for some colleagues their beliefs mean that the principle of this issue is an insurmountable barrier to supporting this change.
“But to other colleagues I say, now is the time.
“Let us not be side-tracked nor distracted. Let us not expand the remit of this bill beyond its original intention.
“Let us make equal marriage possible because it is the right thing to do and then let us move on.
“I am pleased to commend this bill to the House.”
It has been a dramatic two days at Westminster. On Monday the bill risked being derailed and required the support of Labour MPs to overcome a potentially lethal wrecking amendment.
Further complications were raised on Tuesday afternoon because of an amendment concerning Humanist marriage ceremonies.
Even though it had widespread support from Liberal Democrat and Labour MPs – the amendment was withdrawn after the attorney general warned that it would fall foul of the European Convention on Human Rights.
Under the bill, the Church of England and the Church in Wales would be banned from offering same-sex marriages because of their strongly stated opposition, unless they changed canon law.
Other religious organisations would be able to “opt in” to holding ceremonies. There are currently no plans for similar legislation in Northern Ireland, but there are already plans for a bill to allow same-sex marriage in Scotland.
Getting the bill passed the Commons has been an enormous challenge for Prime Minister David Cameron.
Yesterday, in an exclusive interview with PinkNews.co.uk, gay Conservative MP Crispin Blunt conceded that it has cost the Tory leader support from within his party.
“He's made his point, everyone knows the fire he's going through with some of his own colleagues in order to deliver this and I hope people are going to be appropriately grateful for the fantastic leadership that he's shown on this.”
In terms of the current opposition to the measure, Mr Blunt added: “Once this is done, it's finished, it's over and everyone will wonder what on earth all the fuss was about.”
The Marriage (Same-sex Couples) Bill will now travel to the House of Lords for further scrutiny, debate and voting.
MPs voted in favour of the bill by 400 to 175, a majority of 225, in February's second reading.
More soon.
On October 5th, Valve will release a new campaign for both Left 4 Dead 1 and Left 4 Dead 2. It's The Sacrifice, a story which bridges the gap between the two games, and explains the mysterious events of previous downloadable campaign The Passing.
As a special treat for Left 4 Dead 2 owners, they've also carried the original game's No Mercy campaign across to Left 4 Dead 2. And everyone will get a huge 190 page comic beforehand, leading up to the events of The Sacrifice. I spoke to producer Chet Faliszek about, like, what the hell.
The original plan was to make The Sacrifice for Left 4 Dead only. L4D2 had The Passing, and its counterpart was meant as an exclusive for the original game. Chet explains. "It's a really fun campaign, it's got lots of high Hunter leap points and stuff. And we said 'You know, this would be really cool in Left 4 Dead 2. Some of these locations would be cool for the Spitter and the Charger.' So we decided we'd release The Sacrifice not just for Left 4 Dead 1, but for Left 4 Dead 2."
He says this DLC links the two stories. "Do you really want to make the people from Left 4 Dead 2 buy Left 4 Dead 1 if they don't own it?" Yes, I suggest, from a corporate perspective. "That's kind of weird, right?" Apparently, to Valve, it is.
The Sacrifice will be a three-map campaign, but a longer one than Crash Course or The Passing due to the size of the maps. "The finale's a new kind of finale," says Chet, "there are three objectives you have to go and do."
The decision to add No Mercy to Left 4 Dead 2 was simply that it was very popular with players, and Valve like it a lot. "When we first changed them over," Chet says, "they were brutally hard. Your strategy of holing up in corners just disappears, because the Spitter is going to wreak havoc. The Rooftop of No Mercy now, with Chargers and Tanks, is... you'd better not stand by a ledge."
They addressed that by giving players the best of Left 4 Dead 2's arsenal, including several of the mighty M60 machineguns added by The Passing. "You're playing as the Left 4 Dead 1 characters in Left 4 Dead 1 maps, but you get melee weapons, the new weapons, the defib - all the stuff from Left 4 Dead 2. You get to see Zoe with a chainsaw, Zoe with an axe," Chet says with ill-hidden lust.
The comic is part of a conscious effort by Valve to expand their game worlds into other mediums. The short films they've made for Team Fortress 2, and that game's own comics, have been incredibly successful - both in pleasing players, and attracting sales. It'll be released in episodes starting in early September, and the final chunk will cover the same ground as the DLC itself. "The final part that explains what happens to Bill takes place the same time as the game," says Chet, "so you can either play it or read it - or both. You'll know exactly how and why Bill died."
The final twist is that the launch of this DLC will coincide with the launch of the Mac version of Left 4 Dead 2. The DLC will be available for all three versions - free on Mac and PC, the usual 560 points (£4.80/$7) on Xbox 360.
Everything in this announcement is positive: L4D1 players are still getting what they were promised, and L4D2 players are getting extra. But that doesn't always mean it'll go down well. Those who only own Left 4 Dead 1 could be put out that L4D2 players are getting a better version of their DLC, plus a whole campaign from their game.
Probably not, though. Most of the fuss over Left 4 Dead 2 was down to a fear that the first game would be abandoned. That clearly hasn't happened - this will be its second DLC campaign, on top of the Survival mode they added in April last year. With this update, they'll even be adding in some improvements from Left 4 Dead 2 into the first game. "We're going to update the Sniper Rifle to be more like the one in Left 4 Dead 2," says Chet, "because people seem to like that one better."
In a separate interview, Valve MD Gabe Newell told me, "the thing that makes me happy is when you look at the customers who self-identified as boycott members, they actually bought Left 4 Dead 2 at a higher rate than any other group of Left 4 Dead 1 owners." In other words, the backlash was quelled by some diligent PR by Valve - including flying boycotters to their offices to let them play the game ahead of release.
I have to ask Chet, and marketing director Doug Lombardi, if there's a cut off point for making Left 4 Dead 1 DLC. "At this point, who knows?" says Chet. "We haven't quite arm-wrestled that one out." Doug adds. "If people tell us by the amount of play time and purchases on the Xbox side of this that they want more, then we'll probably make more."
The recent images in the media of uniformed U.S. Marines urinating on dead bodies in Afghanistan rightfully invokes nearly universal condemnation. Besides respect for the dead being somewhat of a universal human value at this point, it is a supreme law of war for every single nation on the planet.
These images should prompt a lot of questions here in America, about our military, our wars, our culture and our role in global affairs. To some, mostly the weavers and backers of war policy, it seems again that ‘a few bad apples' have acted on their own within the military, and will be brought to justice in accordance with domestic military law.
To others, such as myself and the majority of veterans I associate with, the barbarity of these images is synonymous with our experiences within a military at war. No crime our brothers and sisters commit really surprises us anymore, but confirms to us our nation's brutal history, of which for a time we became a part, and offers us a reminder that nothing's really changed.
But while our military's mission of ‘engage and destroy' remains essentially the same in Afghanistan as it has been in every other conflict, the modes of documentation have changed, as now nearly every troop carries his own camera into combat. From this fact flows a cinematic phenomenon that troops and veterans recognize as ‘war porn.'
War porn means different things to different people, similar to the ‘adult material' from which it draws its name. Generally, in military and veteran circles, war porn is recognized as any image or video produced in a combat zone depicting death, violence, gore, brutality, depravity, lewd behavior or any other shocking act that would be perceived unacceptable or even criminal if committed on American soil.
War porn, like pornography, is traded mostly in secret. It is consumed mostly in private, and those who possess it may often feel hesitant to share it with anyone outside of the military or veteran communities. However, during the past decade, the American people and the world have witnessed several stark examples of war porn leaking to the surface. Perhaps the most famous incident to date are the images of bound and naked prisoners being abused in Abu Ghraib Prison, in Iraq, that leaked in 2004.
However, not every piece of war porn that bubbles to the surface ever generates public outcry on the level of the Abu Ghraib photos or the latest disgusting iteration. Several websites have risen to prominence during the War on Terror, solely for the purpose of trafficking war porn. Gotwarporn.com claims that it is “countering the cyber-jihad one video at a time,” by uploading examples of, “the devastating force we bring to bear on our enemies.” Videos can be browsed according to the type of weapon used, the type of violence committed and the location where the violence occurred. Gotwarporn.com regularly displays user-uploaded video, referring to most of their content as having been “leaked.”
But gotwarporn.com is not the first website to help soldiers traffic their war porn. Nowthatsfuckedup.com, which now directs to the Polk County, Flor., Sheriff's Office, was removed from the web in 2006, after its proprietor, Chris Wilson, was charged with misdemeanor obscenity. The site, which began as an amateur pornographic hub where users could share images of their partners for a fee, became a central depository for war porn after Wilson began allowing site users from the U.S. Military to forgo the membership fee in exchange for posting an image proving they served overseas. According to a Nation magazine article from 2004, the uploaded photos began as “benign images of troops leaning against their tanks, but graphic combat images also began to appear.”
These images, while horrifying to most, serve a purpose for the soldier, and further, have broader public appeal in the U.S. More than simply being in-demand for their shock value, images like these, “constitute a field report on the production and reproduction of U.S. global dominance,” according to Prof. Mary Ann Tetreault of Trinity University in her 2006 piece entitled, “The Sexual Politics of Abu Gharib.”
“The Abu Ghraib images and documents describe violations of the captives' bodily integrity, masculine self-image, and religious rules about cleanliness,” writes Tetreault. “Photos show naked victims arranged in piles, smeared with filth, and forced to simulate sexual acts. Their manhood is disparaged in many ways. Indeed, they are feminized—unmanned—by the gaze of their captors who strip them, scrutinize and manipulate their bodies, taunt them, and create pornography out of their humiliation by taking pictures of them.”
To me, the images of the Marines urinating on dead Taliban fighters share a similar cultural significance with the images from Abu Ghraib. Again, we see depicted not just random degenerate acts carried out purely for shock value, but instead, we see an image structured in a very specific way; one that acts as a metaphor for U.S. domination. The image is of not just a physically defeated enemy, but of an enemy that has also been stripped of his dignity, customs and masculinity.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Regardless of the face that soldiers are trained to show the world, these types of dominance narratives are highly in-demand in military communities, especially after a decade of relative combat-defeat in which few, if any, of the U.S.'s larger goals for occupation have been accomplished. Historically, defeated or nearly defeated armies have been guilty of some of the most serious atrocities. Indeed, combat journalists throughout history have reported retreating troops to be some of the most dangerous individuals on the battle-field.
It has been my experience within and without the military that soldiers covet nothing greater than power over others. Be it expressed internally through the military rank structure, or externally through the destruction of an enemy, family or coercion of a sexual partner, soldiers generally believe themselves superior human beings to someone, and the affirmation of this desire can take on many brutal forms. Further, when the superiority of a soldier is questioned by a force outside the chain of command, brawls tend to erupt, barracks rumbles ensue and bitter rivalries take shape. What this generates is a ‘wild west' atmosphere on and around many bases in the world. What this translates to for local communities is violence in nearly every form.
Statistically speaking, military communities are among the more violent U.S. communities, with military bases reporting significantly higher rates of incidents such as rape, domestic assault and suicide. U.S. military bases, both in the U.S. and abroad, have reputations for drunkenness, prostitution and general ‘vice,' as if each installation were its own little ‘Vegas,' promising the men within riches of whiskey, wealth, women and weapons.
Not surprisingly, addiction in the military is also something that runs rampant world-wide. But while we're all used to hearing about the alcoholism and the drugs, pornography addiction is reaping increasingly devastating havoc on military families, according to a recent Army Times story. In the story, Navy Lt. Michael Howard, a licensed therapist and military chaplain who councils soldier for sex addiction, suggests that as many as twenty percent of our troops are addicted to online porn. “That would be a conservative estimate,” he says, while others in the story corroborate his statements.
But war porn is something in a category of its own. Soldiers don't just download it, they are the primary manufacturers, and its existence doesn't just destroy American families. War porn, by definition, documents the destruction of someone else's family. Furthermore, if it can be argued that pornography normalizes violence against women, it certainly cannot be disputed that war porn normalizes violence against everyone!
We've only started as a society to be exposed to the bottomless archives of war porn that exist on hard-drives throughout the country. While particularly blood-thirsty participants in prior wars were forced to either keep simple snapshots or body parts of the people they killed to use as war trophies, troops of today have very different options. While an actual finger or an ear, which still are taken as war trophies, may not make it back across the boarder, a JPEG or an MOV file can be effortlessly concealed; even sent back ahead of the group with the simple click of a mouse.
While I have never heard an official estimate of how much war porn may exist from the occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan, I have spoken to fellow soldiers and veterans around the country and have been exposed to many individual collections. Given what I've seen myself, and knowing how many soldiers today carry cameras into combat, I'd estimate that there are many hundreds of thousands of terabytes of data in existence that could be classified as war porn.
While it is true that soldiers have gotten a lot more shrewd about who they'll share their war porn with, certainly as the result of various related scandals, I do not believe this has led many of them to destroy their individual collections. If anything, the war porn has simply been archived, and may be released at a later time. Many soldiers and veterans are yet to realize the true weight and consequence of what they carry with them. Hopefully, as their consciouses continue to recover, some of the more courageous ones may feel compelled to share publicly what they possess.
But even for those who will never share publicly, the evidence of their acts will continue to exist. It's the nature of digital information to stick around and be inconveniently discovered later on. It's only a matter of time until the flood gates open. Perhaps, as I said, it will be the veterans themselves who feel so moved by conscious. More likely, it will be hacked free by information anarchists or recovered by tech-savy garbage pickers in electronics landfills and recycling plants somewhere south of the equator. When that begins happening on a regular basis, we're going to have a lot to account for as Americans, after having blindly supported our troops through two bloody and unjust military occupations.
Yes America, our military is addicted to war porn, and this fact may ultimately usurp any legacy of honor or glory the military may cling to. No longer can the world be duped by the government-controlled facade of the U.S. soldier as a liberating force for good. Our image is that of an armed, drunken fiend in a public square with his pants down pissing into the wind. Sure, we may be an affront to those around us, but we're only really soiling ourselves.
A tax-deductible gift to Fair Wisconsin Education Fund will help us educate the general public about the harms of anti-LGBT discrimination and build more inclusive communities and workplaces for LGBT Wisconsinites.
A non-tax-deductible gift to Fair Wisconsin, Inc will help us advance, achieve and protect the civil rights of LGBT people through electoral involvement, grassroots organizing, coalition building and direct legislative advocacy.
Become a Fair Wisconsin Member
Fair Wisconsin Inc. is a 501(c)(4) membership organization. With an annual contribution of at least $35, you can become an official member of Fair Wisconsin. Members are included in special organizational updates on our program work and invited to attend our annual membership meeting in June.
By becoming a paid member of Fair Wisconsin Inc, you are investing in the future of equality and building a robust movement of LGBT and allied activists working to advance equality at the state and local level in Wisconsin.
Other ways to help Fair Wisconsin Inc. and the Fair Wisconsin PAC:
Join the Give Every Month (GEM) Club – Your monthly gift of $5-$49 to Fair Wisconsin Inc. is the easiest way to maximize your giving and increase your investment in building a fair Wisconsin.
Join the Fairness Circle – Members of the Fairness Circle are a visionary group of people investing in the future of the movement for LGBT equality with an annual contribution of $600 or more, which may be made monthly or in one gift.
Planned Giving – A bequest to Fair Wisconsin is a way of perpetuating your commitment to the important work we do to win equality for all LGBT Wisconsinites and our families.
Getting married or celebrating a family milestone? – You can support the work of Fair Wisconsin and honor your wedding, commitment ceremony, birthday, family occasion or any event in your life by asking your guests to give a contribution to Fair Wisconsin on your behalf.
Two Uber drivers shot and killed in separate incidents
Troubling UBER incidents around the world Troubling UBER incidents around the world Photo: Uber Photo: Uber Image 1 of / 44 Caption Close Two Uber drivers shot and killed in separate incidents 1 / 44 Back to Gallery
In separate incidents, two Uber drivers were shot and killed over the weekend. One driver in Southern California was attacked early Sunday morning while the other driver was slain in Detroit on Saturday.
In Inglewood, driver Andre Jamal Bayyan was found shot after reports of gunshots were heard around 4 a.m. An Uber spokesperson confirmed Bayyan was working at the time of his murder, according to ABC News. His black Nissan was riddled with bullet holes and he died at the scene of the crime.
In Detroit, police are investigating the death of a 50-year-old driver who was shot twice and then drove into a tree. The incident took place shortly after midnight on Saturday. The Detroit Free Press reports the victim was taken to the hospital where he died the next day.
Campbell was transported to Harborview Medical Center and was listed in critical condition Jan. 8.
Courtney Campbell's friends said she had recently improved under treatment in the burn unit of Harborview Medical Center.
"There was hope," said Campbell's close friend Ben Scott. "The nurses were optimistic. Her boyfriend said she looked better than she had since the accident happened. We were all making plans," he said.
Campbell's condition took a turn for the worse on Monday afternoon.
"I got a phone call, and it just completely crushed my world," Scott said.
Now Scott and his friends are promoting a concert and a GoFundMe page to raise money for Campbell's two young daughters.
"The girls' lives have just drastically changed," Scott said. "They lost a mother. I can't even begin in my head (to imagine) what those girls are going through."
The benefit concert will be Saturday, Jan. 16 at Tony V's Garage, a concert venue.
The fire -- which is still under investigation -- involved a propane tank inside the stand, according to investigators.
Campbell, despite being badly burned, was able to walk to an arriving ambulance.
As new spread of Campbell's death, friends left well wishes and flowers at the barista stand Campbell owned, which is covered in tarps.
"She was not just a business owner, she was just a great person," said Laurie Pearson while she left a bouquet at the stand.
"She would do anything for anybody. If you ask her for anything, she would help you out, she was so generous," said Pearson.
Fire investigators are continuing into the cause of fire.
KIRO 7 News video showed the charred espresso stand on Everett Mall Way and Fourth Avenue. People who were nearby also shot cellphone video and said they heard explosions leading up to and during the fire.
"After reviewing security video, we believe a propane tank stored inside the coffee stand contributed to the fire,” said Everett Assistant Fire Marshal Eric Hicks.
As for the explosions sounds, he said it may be the cause of the fire but could also be the tires of the car or aerosol cans popping in the heat.
The owner of the Shell gas station next to the stand said his cameras likely caught the beginning of the fire on camera, but he could not view the video on Thursday evening because of power outage issues caused by the fire.
“It was decimated,” Campbell's best friend Ben Scott said. "Courtney is one of those people who basically walked out of a cartoon and into real life. She's got that bubbly, amazing personality.”
He says the mother of two young girls had been working for years in order to work for herself.
"That's been a dream of hers, pretty much her entire life, to have her own coffee stand, so that was a huge deal," Scott said.
Want to talk about the news of the day? Watch free streaming video on the KIRO 7 mobile app and iPad app, and join us here on Facebook.
(Image: Alan Massey/R. J. Bostock) (Image: Alan Massey) (Image: Alan Massey) (Image: Alan Massey) Advertisement (Image: Alan Massey) (Image: Alan Massey)
A rare insight into the folk beliefs of 17th-century Britons has been gleaned from the analysis of a sealed “witch bottle” unearthed in Greenwich, London, in 2004.
Witch bottles were commonly buried to ward off spells during the late 16th and 17th centuries, but it is very rare to find one still sealed.
“So many have been dug up and their contents washed away down the sink,” says Alan Massey, a retired chemist formerly at the University of Loughborough, UK, who has examined so-called “magical” artifacts and was asked to analyse the contents of the bottle. “This is the first one that has been opened scientifically.”
During the 17th century, British people often blamed witches for any ill health or misfortune they suffered, says Massey. “The idea of the witch bottle was to throw the spell back on the witch,” he says. “The urine and the bulb of the bottle represented the waterworks of the witch, and the theory was that the nails and the bent pins would aggravate the witch when she passed water and torment her so badly that she would take the spell back off you.”
The salt-glazed jar was discovered 1.5 metres below ground by archaeologists from The Maritime Trust, a Greenwich-based charity that preserves historic sailing vessels. When it was shaken, the bottle splashed and rattled, and an X-ray showed pins and nails stuck in the neck, suggesting that it had been buried upside down.
Further computed tomography scans showed it to be half-filled with liquid, which later analysis showed to be human urine. The bottle also contained bent nails and pins, a nail-pierced leather “heart”, fingernail clippings, navel fluff and hair. The presence of iron sulphide in the mixture also suggests that sulphur or brimstone had been added.
“Prior to this point, all we really knew about what was in witch bottles was what we read from documents from the 17th century,” says Brian Hoggard, an independent expert on British witchcraft who helped analyse the bottle. These texts suggest “recipes” for filling a witch bottle, but don't tell us what actually went into them.
Sulphur is not mentioned in any recipe Massey has seen, although a previously discovered bottle seemed to contain the remains of some matches, he says. “If you think about where sulphur came from in those days, it spewed out of volcanic fumaroles from the underworld. It would have been the ideal thing to [kill] your witch, if you wished to.”
Further analysis of the urine showed that it also contained cotinine, a metabolite of nicotine, suggesting that it came from a smoker, while the nail clippings appear quite manicured, suggesting that a person of some social standing created the bottle.
“It's confirming what 17th-century documents tell us about these bottles, how they were used and how you make them,” says Owen Davies, a witchcraft expert at the University of Hertfordshire in Hatfield, UK. “The whole rationale for these bottles was sympathetic magic – so you put something intimate to the bewitched person in the bottle and then you put in bent pins and other unpleasant objects which are going to poison and cause great pain to the witch.”
Journal reference: British Archaeology
I've had this book for less than a month, and the colorfully-designed pages are already sticky from the vegan smoothies I've been making. Up until recently, I've endured one uninspired smoothie combination after another, with only occasional successes. But the newly published 365 Vegan Smoothies by Kathy Patalsky, with its friendly, enthusiastic tone and tempting recipes, has enabled me to transform my smoothie ritual. Yes, that's 365 recipes, so a LOT of great smoothie options, and truly the only smoothie book you'll ever need. Single-item cookbooks (like books about chili or salads) run the risk of boredom, repetition, or even variation from the original theme. Not this one! Flipping through 365 Vegan Smoothies, you'll find one after another of delicious and diverse smoothie options, featuring unique combinations and readily available ingredients.
365 Vegan Smoothies is divided into two parts. The first part provides an introduction to smoothies: why you want to enjoy them, myths and facts about smoothies and tips for stocking your smoothie pantry. It also features useful information such as “creative ice cubes,” where you create ice cubes from coconut water, teas, juices, coffee and soy yogurt to use in smoothies. The icy texture enhances the taste and consistency of smoothies, in addition to being a time-saver I plan to do more of. The book also suggests freezing smoothie ingredients like peeled avocados, watermelon, grapes, kiwi and more. Typically, I freeze fresh berries and peeled banana for future smoothies when I have excess, but realizing that so many of these other fruits can be frozen (I know, I'm slow) will not only benefit my smoothies, but help me to eliminate waste as well.
Part 1 also lays out the twelve wellness themes around which the recipes are organized. Focus on the smoothies within the themes you want to address (e.g. energizing smoothies, anti-aging smoothies), or just jump around based on what sounds good to you. The book's approach is flexible and encourages variations and substitutions.
The second part of 365 Vegan Smoothies contains the recipes. A wellness theme is characterized by certain ingredients and combinations with different nutritional profiles. For example, energizing smoothies feature ingredients like oats, acai berries, blueberries and pomegranate in recipes that are high in fiber, carbohydrates and electrolytes. Brain-boosting smoothies utilize walnuts, green tea, avocado and flax seeds, and are rich in healthy fats and antioxidants.
I like how each recipe has a relatively small number of ingredients. (It's a smoothie, not cassoulet for goodness sake!). I also enjoyed the ‘boost it' feature accompanying each recipe. A boost is an additional ingredient that increases the wellness factor of each recipe, such as an optional teaspoon of flax seed oil that can be added to a smoothie. I also like the prominent nutritional information accompanying each recipe.
The recipe I made most recently was the c-green detox containing ingredients like coconut water, kale, strawberries and lemon, and falls into the detox wellness theme. It was sweeter (but not overly so) and more complex than my usual smoothie, as well as delicious and wonderfully balanced. Recipes make a healthy amount (2 servings) and more than fill your pint glass, but you may choose to enjoy the entire recipe all at once.
Some of my other favorite recipes include the blueberry pie probiotic shake (containing oats and boosted with chia seeds), the green tea lemonade melon frosty and the minted cucumber kiwi cooler. Despite the healthy whole ingredients used in all of the recipes, some, such as decadent-sounding raspberry cashew cheesecake, would likely make an incredible dessert.
If you're looking to boost your nutrient intake, add more colorful fruits and vegetables to your diet, replace a meal, enjoy a cool refreshing treat, explore a vegan lifestyle, or enhance your overall wellness, 365 Vegan Smoothies is a tasty and inspired guide.
Share it! Pinterest Tumblr email
What is Sony Rewards?
The Sony Rewards Program connects you to all things Sony®. With your free membership, you can earn points for doing the things you already love to do, and you can use those points to get great PlayStation® and Sony products and experiences.
You can learn more about Sony Rewards here.
What can I get with Sony Rewards points?
You can use your points to get anything in the Sony Rewards catalog. That means the latest PlayStation® hardware and games, PlayStation®Plus memberships, PlayStation™Store codes, Sony products, movies, and music. You can also bid your points to for a chance to win unique collectibles or once-in-a-lifetime experiences. Check out the catalog.
Where can I see my Sony Rewards points balance?
To see a detailed view of the points you're earning and browse Rewards, log in to your account on www.rewards.sony.com. Keep in mind it can take up to 5 business days for your points from your PlayStation™Store purchases to post.
I live in Canada. Why can't I join Sony Rewards?
We're sorry but at this time Sony Rewards is not available outside the United States.
I don't have enough points to redeem for anything on Sony Rewards. How can I use the points?
Not having enough points doesn't mean you have to wait to get what you want. You can purchase the points you need (at a penny a point) using your PlayStation®Card or another credit card during the checkout process.
Do points expire?
As long as you remain an active (as defined below) Sony Rewards member within any 18-month period, you will have 5 years from the end of the month in which your Sony Rewards points were earned to redeem them. All points expire 5 years after they are earned. You will be deemed ‘active' if you (i) complete at least one earn activity by using your Sony Card℠ or PlayStation® Card, (ii) earn Sony Rewards points through the Sony Rewards website, or (iii) complete a redemption activity. If you do not remain active within any 18-month period, all of your Sony Rewards points will expire at the end of that 18-month period. This applies to all Sony Rewards points earned and available in your account.
How do I earn points at PlayStation™Store?
Link your PlayStation Network (PSN) account to Sony Rewards once. After you link your account, you will automatically earn at least one point per dollar spent for all of your PlayStation™Store purchases.
To link accounts, simply use your PlayStation Network sign-in credentials to enroll in the Sony Rewards program. It's that easy!
I have multiple PlayStation Network (PSN) accounts. Can I link all of them to one Sony Rewards account?
No, you will only be able to link one PlayStation Network (PSN) account to one Sony Rewards account. Additionally, you won't be able to change the PlayStation Network (PSN) account that is linked. So choose wisely and link the account you use most.
Can PlayStation Network (PSN) sub accounts link to a Sony Rewards account?
Yes, sub accounts can link their account to a Sony Rewards account. Sub accounts are viewed as an independent account so this means Master accounts won't earn points on any of their sub accounts.
I'm already a Sony Rewards member. Do I need to do anything to earn points on my PlayStation™Store purchases?
Yes, you will need to link your PlayStation Network (PSN) account to your current Sony Rewards account. Link Now.
To link accounts, simply use your PlayStation Network sign-in credentials to enroll in the Sony Rewards program. It's that easy!
What if I'm an existing Sony Rewards member with an account linked to PlayStation™ Network, but the email addresses for both accounts are different?
When you sign in to Sony Rewards, enter your existing Sony Rewards email address. You will be notified that you are linked to a Sony account for PlayStation™ Network with a different email address.
You will then be prompted to enter the email address of your Sony account for PlayStation™ Network. Then you will be prompted to enter the password you use to sign in to PlayStation™ Network. After a successful sign-in using your PlayStation™ Network credentials, these credentials will be used moving forward for your Sony account to access both Sony Rewards and the PlayStation™ Network.
What if I have an account on the PlayStation™ Network, but I'm not a Sony Rewards member yet?
If you already have an account on the PlayStation™ Network then you can enroll in Sony Rewards using your PlayStation™ Network email and password. These credentials will be used moving forward to access both Sony Rewards and the PlayStation™ Network.
Now that I linked my Sony Rewards and PlayStation Network (PSN) accounts, how do I get points on my PlayStation™Store purchases?
Once you have successfully linked your Sony Rewards and PlayStation Network (PSN) accounts, you will automatically start earning 1 point for every $1 spent at PlayStation™Store. There is no need to do anything further until you're ready to redeem your points. We'll keep you updated on bonus and multiplier offers so you will get rewards faster!
Can I earn points for past PlayStation®Store purchases?
You will earn points for PlayStation™Store purchases on the day you link your account but will not be able to earn for any purchases before the day that the accounts are linked.
Will I earn points on digital items when I buy a code at retail and redeem it on my PlayStation Network (PSN) account?
Unfortunately no. You will only earn points on products that are bought directly from PlayStation™Store on your PS4, PS3 or PS Vita console, or at PlayStation™Store online. But if you buy PlayStation™Store codes at retail and redeem them on PlayStation™Store, the purchases you make with that store code will be eligible for points!
Will I earn points when I top up my wallet?
No, you won't earn points when you top up your wallet with a credit card or PlayStation™Store codes. But you will earn points when you buy products using money in your PSN wallet.
Will I earn points on purchases even if I buy items at the PSN online store?
Definitely. You'll earn points for anything you buy with your PSN wallet. That includes PlayStation®Plus subscriptions, games, videos and music, across all PlayStation® devices and at store.playstation.com.
Do I earn points on movie rentals and purchases?
Yes, you will earn points on movie rentals or purchases made from PlayStation™Store. However you won't earn points on rentals or purchases made on apps such as Vudu or Amazon.
Former FBI director James Comey on Sunday tweeted that he hopes 2018 "brings more ethical leadership," a post surely to be intended as a dig toward President Donald Trump.
Here's hoping 2018 brings more ethical leadership, focused on the truth and lasting values. Happy New Year, everybody. — James Comey (@Comey) December 31, 2017
Trump fired Comey in May while he was spearheading the Russia investigation, and on Christmas Eve, the president ripped into him for being a leaker after Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee that he had shown a memo documenting his private conversation with Trump to a friend at Columbia Law School.
"How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin' James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wife's campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?" Trump tweeted.
As the clock ticks down on Sarah Palin and her final response to President Barack Obama's American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, she has found herself painted into a shrinking political corner in which she finds herself at odds with just about every interest group in Alaska--Democrats and Republicans alike, young and old, Native Alaskans and several civic groups like the Alaska Municipal League.
Palin has until May 25 to sign or veto a bill approving the funds. If she vetoes the $930.7 million stimulus package, or any portion of it, she will risk further angering Alaska constituents, as her approval numbers have been in serious freefall since she returned from the campaign trail last November. If she votes to accept the entire package, it will be viewed as a final cave-in to her original opposition and will carve away her support among the conservative base in the national Republican Party.
Either way, it's a no-win proposition that she orchestrated for herself in January when she pandered to Rush Limbaugh & Co. by slamming Obama's stimulus proposal. She called it "an unsustainable, debt-ridden package of funds." At one point she likened it to "a bribe." A smart poker player might have held her cards closer to the vest and let the hand unfold. Her play was a loser from the first draw.
Three months ago, Palin announced on her Facebook page--yes, her Facebook page--right below her pitch for SarahPAC, that she had "serious concerns" with Obama's stimulus package.
It's a given that a stimulus package is needed and will happen. With guaranteed spending on the table, I am arguing for needed construction projects and tax breaks that will truly stimulate the economy and create jobs, and against increased federal programs that will become a state's unfunded mandate to continue funding for generations.
Huh? Palin's position put her in the same ring with other gubernatorial clown-acts gathering for the 2012 Republican circus, including Bobby Jindal, Mark Sanford and Rick Perry. But it also placed her in direct conflict with several Republican and independent allies in Alaska facing the cold, hard realities of an economic recession. Federal projections are that the stimulus would "create or save" 8,700 jobs in the Last Frontier over the next two years--this in a state with a work force of only 300,000 and a 9.3 percent unemployment rate.
Many in Alaska saw Palin's stance for what it was--calculated political posturing purely for her own personal benefit. "I'm worried the governor is taking this sort of national political stance," said Anchorage Democratic legislator Les Gara, "which is that she's going to be the opposite of Barack Obama on everything."
In April, Palin held one of her bizarre, unscripted news conferences (where her body language screamed that she would rather be somewhere else), and as the delightful Alaska blog Mudflats reported, Palin spouted the same economic gobbledygook that she introduced to the American electorate during her infamous interview with Katie Couric:
We're gonna consider how to manage the public's expectation desiring the lawmakers and the public acknowledge these are short-term temporary funds that should not lead to government growth two years from now when the dollars are gone, and we will...we will consider on a case by case basis whether the dollars need to be applied for or the dollars that are in the budget today could or should be vetoed. It's going to be a long process still in deciding what to do with the dollars.
Yes, folks, that is a direct quote.
Palin indicated that she was initially going to veto more than 30 percent--or $288 million--of the stimulus package. Her reasoning was that it "would grow government" and leave the State of Alaska holding the bag for expanded programs two years down the line when the funds ran out. She then floated a proposal to accept the stimulus funding if the legislature agreed to cut state spending, primarily for education, and use the federal money instead--a proposal that was summarily rejected by the Republican leadership in the legislature.
And when push came to shove to fight the stimulus, Palin was nowhere to be seen. The Alaska legislature held 20 public hearings on the recovery bill and discovered that the strings Palin and her economic advisers claimed were attached to the funding were nonexistent. There were no "unfunded mandates."
Palin also bailed on a scheduled meeting with state lawmakers, and then blamed them for the cancellation, leading Gary Stevens, the state's Republican Senate President, to essentially call Palin a liar. He vehemently characterized Palin's account of events surrounding the cancellation as "absolutely false." Indeed he was so emphatic about it that he used the phrase "absolutely false" twice.
In the end, Palin and her administration exerted zero influence during the legislative debates on the stimulus, and when the final vote came to endorse acceptance (it was nearly unanimous), Palin had hightailed it for Indiana, preaching right-to-life homilies to those already converted. Exerting political leadership is clearly not her forte.
Then she went into flip-flop mode and rather strikingly resembled a freshly-caught salmon on the deck of an Alaskan trawler. "I can't predict how much or what funds legislators might add to my request, and we haven't heard all the public testimony yet," Palin backtracked. "To say now what might happen with an unknown bill would be premature."
Palin has continued to slide down the slippery slope of hypocrisy. Her last bastion of opposition to the stimulus package is $28.6 million in State Energy Program funding. Palin claims that "Alaska's vast expanse and differing conditions are not conducive to a federally mandated, universal energy code" and that "one size does not fit all."
It's yet another Palin twist of the truth.
This past week, two state senators--Anchorage Republican Lesil McGuire and Anchorage Democrat Bill Wielechowski--have formally confronted Palin on her position. So has freshman U.S. Senator Mark Begich (the former Democratic mayor of Anchorage) and a host of other community activists from all across the political spectrum.
Several have pointed out that Palin has exaggerated and distorted the federal requirements attached to the energy funding, noting that virtually all Alaska municipal codes already meet federal guidelines and that rural communities with populations of less than 2,500 are exempt. Wielechowski and McGuire asserted in a letter to Palin that "Alaska can meet the requirements for receipt of $28.6 million in State Energy Program stimulus funds through adoption of local energy standards, rather than a statewide energy code." All 49 other states have accepted the funds.
So much for Palin's argument of "one size" needing to fit all. It's yet another of her lies to nowhere.
As of this weekend, Palin has yet to announce how she intends to play out her hand. Either way she'll be a loser. If she sticks to her guns and declines the energy stimulus, it will unleash an avalanche of anger throughout the state that will make her bid for re-election as governor next year all the more problematic. If she buckles, it will be another case of a Palin flip-flop--this time saying "no thanks, but thanks" to federal funding.
Stay tuned.
Damascus, SANA_ President Bashar al-Assad has said that everything in the world is changing regarding Syria on every level, the local, the regional, and the international.
In a statement given to the French media, President al-Assad added that our mission, according to the constitution and according to the laws, that we have to liberate every inch of the Syrian land.
Following is the full context of the statement:
Question1:Mr. President, you have just met a French delegation of MPs. Do you think this visit will have an influence on the French position about Syria?
President Assad:This is a French question. We hope that any delegation that would come here is to see the truth about what is happening in Syria during the last years, since the beginning of the war six years ago, and the problem now, regarding France in particular, is that they don't have an embassy, they don't have any relation with Syria at all, so it's like… we can say it's a blind state. How can you forge a policy towards a certain region if you can't see, if you're blind? You need to see. The importance of those delegations is that they represent the eyes of the states, but that depends on the state; do they want to see, or they want to keep adopting the ostrich policy and they don't want to tell the truth, because now everything in the world is changing regarding Syria on every level, the local, the regional, and the international. Until this moment, the French administration hasn't changed its position, they still speak the old language which is disconnected from our reality. That's why we have a hope that there's someone in the state who wants to listen to these delegations, to the facts. I'm not talking about my opinion, I'm talking about the reality in Syria. So, we have hope.
Question 2:Mr. President, you said that Aleppo is a major victory for Syria, and a major turn in the crisis. What do you feel when you see the pictures of the hundreds of civilians that were killed in the bombings, and the devastation of the city?
President Assad:Of course, it's very painful for us as Syrians to see any part of our country destroyed, or to see any blood shedding anywhere,this is self-evident, this is emotional part, but for me as President or as an official, the question for the Syrian people: what I'm going to do. It's not only about the feeling; the feeling is self-evident as I said. How we're going to rebuild our cities.
Question 3:But was the bombing of east Aleppo the only solution to retake the city, with the death of civilians, your fellow citizens?
President Assad:It depends on what kind of war you're looking for. Are you looking for a quiet war, war without destruction? I haven't heard, in the history, of a good war, every war is bad. Why bad? Because every war is about destruction, every war is about the killing, that's why every war is bad. You cannot say “this is a good war” even if it's for a good reason, to defend your country, for a noble reason, but it's bad. That's why it's not the solution, if you have any other solution. But the question is: how can you liberate the civilians in those areas from the terrorists? Is it better to leave them, to leave them under their supervision, under their oppression, under their fate defined by those terrorists by beheading, by killing, by everything but not having state? Is that the role of the state, just to keep and watch? You have to liberate, and this is the price sometimes, but at the end, the people are liberated from the terrorists. That's the question now; are they liberated or not? If yes, that's what we have to do.
Question 4:Mr. President, a ceasefire has been signed on the 30th of December, why do Syrian Army still fight near Damascus in the region of Wadi Barada?
President Assad:First of all, ceasefire is about different parties, so when you say there's viable ceasefire is when every party stops fighting and shooting, and it's not the case in many areas in Syria, and that was reported by the Russian center of observation regarding the ceasefire. There's breaching of that ceasefire on daily basis in Syria, including Damascus, but in Damascus mainly because the terrorists occupy the main source of water of Damascus where more than five million civilians are deprived from water for the last three weeks now, and the role of the Syrian Army is to liberate that area in order to prevent those terrorists from using that water in order to suffocate the capital. So, that's why.
Question 5:Mr. President, Daesh is not a part of the ceasefire…
President Assad: No.
Journalist: Do you plan to take again Raqqa, and when?
President Assad: Let me just continue the second part of the first question. Second part of that ceasefire is not about al-Nusra and ISIS, and the area that we've been fighting to liberate recently, regarding the water sources of the capital Damascus, is occupied by al-Nusra, and al-Nusra announced formally that they are occupying that area. So, it's not part of the ceasefire.
Regarding al-Raqqa, of course it's our mission, according to the constitution and according to the laws, that we have to liberate every inch of the Syrian land. There's no question about that, it's not to be discussed. But it's about when, what are our priorities, and this is military, regarding the military planning, about the military priorities. But nationally, there's no priority; every inch is a Syrian inch, it should be within the purview of the government.
Question 6:Important talks will take place in Astana at the end of the month, including a lot of Syrian parties, including some opposition groups, let's say. What are you ready to negotiate directly with them, and what are you ready to negotiate to help the peace to come back in Syria.
President Assad:Of course, we are ready, and we announced that our delegation to that conference is ready to go when they define… when they set the time of that conference. We are ready to negotiate everything. When you talk about negotiation regarding whether to end the conflict in Syria or talking about the future of Syria, anything, it's fully open, there's no limit for that negotiations. But who's going to be there from the other side? We don't know yet. Is it going to be real Syrian opposition – and when I say “real” it means has grassroots in Syria, not Saudi one or French one or British one – it should be Syrian opposition to discuss the Syrian issues. So, the viability or, let's say, the success of that conference will depend on that point.
Question 7:Are you even ready to discuss your position as President? That has been contested.
President Assad:Yeah, but my position is related to the constitution, and the constitution is very clear about the mechanism in which you can bring a president or get rid of a president. So, if they want to discuss this point, they have to discuss the constitution, and the constitution is not owned by the government or the president or by the opposition; it should be owned by the Syrian people, so you need a referendum for every constitution. This is one of the points that could be discussed in that meeting, of course, but they cannot say “we need that president” or “we don't need that president” because the president is related to the ballot box. If they don't need him, let's go to the ballot box. The Syrian people should bring a president, not part of the Syrian people.
Question 8:And with this negotiation, what will be the fate of rebel fighters?
President Assad:From what we've been implementing during the last three years, because you want genuinely to have peace in Syria, the government offered amnesty for every militant who gives up his armaments, and it worked, and they still have the same option if they want to go back to their normality and to go back to their normal life. This is the maximum that you can offer, amnesty.
Question 9:Mr. President, as you know, French presidential election will take place, do you have a favorite, do you have a preference for one of the candidates?
President Assad:No, because we don't have any contacts with any one of them, and we cannot count very much on the statements and rhetoric during the campaign, so we always say let's wait and see what policy they're going to adopt after they are in their position. But we always have hopes that the next administration or government or president, they want to deal with the reality, to disconnect themselves from the disconnected policy from our reality. That's our hope, and they can work for the interest of the French people, because the question now after six years: as a French citizen, do you feel safer? I don't think the answer is yes. The immigration problem, has it made the situation in your country better? I think the answer is no, whether in France or in Europe. The question now: what is the reason? This is the discussion that the next administration or government or president should deal with in order to deal with our reality, not with their imaginations as has been happening during the last six years.
Question 10:But one of the candidates, Francois Fillon, doesn't have the same position as the official one; he would like to reestablish the dialogue with Syria. Do you expect his election – if he's elected – could change the position of France about Syria?
President Assad:His rhetoric regarding the terrorists, or let's say the priority to fight the terrorists and not meddling in the affairs of other countries, are welcome, but we have to be cautious, because what we've learned in this region during the last few years is that many officials would say something and do the opposite. I wouldn't say that Mr. Fillon would do this. I hope not. But we have to wait and see, because there's no contact. But so far, what he said, if it's implemented, that will be very good.
Question 11:Do you appreciate him as a politician, Francois Fillon?
President Assad:I didn't have any contact with him or cooperation, so whatever I say now won't be very credible, to be frank with you.
Question 12:Is there a message you want to address to France?
President Assad:I think if I want to send it to the politicians, I will say the self-evident thing; that you have to work for the interest of the Syrian citizens, and for the last six years the situation is going in the other direction, because the French politics harmed the French interests. So, for the French people, I would say the mainstream media has failed in most of the West. The narrative has been debunked because of the reality, and you have the alternative media, you have to look for the truth. The truth was the main victim of the events in the Middle East, including Syria. I would ask any citizen in France to search for the reality, for the real information, through the alternative media. When they search for this information, they can be more effective in dealing with their government, or at least not allowing some politicians to base their politics on lies. That's what we think is the most important thing during the last six years.
Question 13:Mr. President, your father has been a lifelong President of Syria. Do you consider the option of not being the President anymore, one day?
President Assad:Yeah, that depends on two things: the first one is the will of the Syrian people; do they want that person to be president or not. If I want to be president while the Syrian people doesn't want me, even if I win in the elections, I don't have strong support, I cannot achieve anything, especially in a complicated region like Syria. You cannot be just elected president, that doesn't work, you need popular support. Without it I cannot be successful. So, at that time, there's no meaning to be president.
The second one; if I have that feeling that I want to be president, I will nominate myself, but that depends on the first factor. If I feel that the Syrian people don't want me, of course I wouldn't be. So, it's not about me mainly, it's about the Syrian people; do they want me or not. That's how I look at it.
Question 14:Last question; Donald Trump is to be appointed as President of the United States in less than two weeks. He has been clear that he wants to improve relationships with Russia, which is one of your main allies…
President Assad: Yeah, exactly.
Journalist: Do you consider… do you expect that it will change the position of the United States towards Syria?
President Assad: Yeah, if you want to talk realistically, because the Syrian problem is not isolated, it's not only Syrian-Syrian; actually, the biggest part… or let's say the major part of the Syrian conflict is regional and international. The simplest part that you can deal with is the Syrian-Syrian part. The regional and the international part depends mainly on the relation between the United States and Russia. What he announced yesterday was very promising, if there's a genuine approach or initiative toward improving the relation between the United States and Russia, that will effect every problem in the world, including Syria. So, I would say yes, we think that's positive, regarding the Syrian conflict.
Journalist: What is positive?
President Assad: I mean the relation, the improvement of the relation between the United States and Russia will reflect positively on the Syrian conflict.
Journalists: Thank you very much.
Posted by Kristy on Jun 23, 2015 in Blog |
Dr. Kristy Money is on the OW Executive Board. She earned her Ph.D. in Counseling Psychology from BYU and specializes in women's mental health.
On March 15, 2015 my local priesthood leaders threatened to remove my temple recommend because I am on the Executive Board of Ordain Women. My conscience would not allow me to resign, so I encouraged them to reconsider. They did hold off, but on June 21st–exactly one year after I witnessed the church excommunicate my friend Kate as I sat next to her–they stripped me of my recommend. I have faithfully held a recommend since I turned 12, and I continue to follow Christ to this day. Taking my recommend harms me as a person, places a man between me and God, and labels me as worthless (the natural meaning of not being worthy). This type of tribal shaming is not the Way of Jesus Christ. Jesus called all unto him, blessing the least of these in His society: He lifted up and gave status to women. In contrast, my leaders have forbidden me from speaking in church and threatened me with further discipline if I disobey them. I am stating what happened publicly in hopes that I will be the last woman to be disciplined for authenticity and refusal to submit to my local male leaders. It's important to me to be an example of worthiness and courage to my daughters and my twins due this winter.
By stripping me of my recommend, my priesthood leaders are inhibiting my ability to be a good example as a mother in our culture. Such discipline sends the message to every Mormon–including my family, my fellow congregants, my LDS neighbors, and my own children–that I am not worthy. The importance of worthiness for a temple recommend is emphasized to all LDS children from toddlerhood on. As small children we sing songs about remaining worthy, and Mormons of all ages are taught weekly that temple worthiness and temple marriage are the highest achievement to which we can ever aspire. We are taught that temple worthiness is necessary if we want to be together forever with our families after we die. We are taught that our ability to live eternally with God after this life depends on temple worthiness as well.
If I cannot bring my authentic self to church without being censured and told my questions are dangerous and shouldn't be expressed publicly, this situation additionally negates the example I wish to set for my children of integrity and courage. On June 21st my leaders also put me under formal sanction to not speak because of my questions regarding inequality, a sanction my former leadership in Texas had similarly imposed on me before we relocated to Georgia. “Not even in the hallways,” my Texas leader decreed. But I could not remain silent, especially after I heard Church spokeswoman Ally Isom publicly state that conversations about difficult topics including women's ordination and the priesthood/temple ban for Black members were welcome in a congregation, in Sunday School, in women's meetings. Sadly, my experiences have not mirrored Isom's inclusive invitation.
I feel strongly we need to have real conversations about the female priesthood ban and sexist policies that such inequality propagates worldwide. Examples include:
1) Current eternally polygamous sealing doctrines and policies that affect widowed men vs women differently (widowers can have their subsequent marriages solemnized for eternity in the temple, widows cannot)
2) Teaching youth misogynist verses of D&C 132 instituting polygamy which remain scripture
3) Ignoring how the pre-1978 priesthood ban also forbade Black women and girls from entering temples too
4) Erasing most of Mormon women's voices and history from correlated instruction
5) Forbidding mothers from even holding their babies for naming ceremonies
6) Male-only leaders routinely interviewing girls and women alone to judge worthiness–explicitly asking about their underwear and sexual practices.
Until women are at the highest levels of decision-making, I worry misogynist cultural artifacts like these–and many more–will remain, and women will continue to be told not to worry about it, but instead take the patriarchal status quo on faith and remain silently obedient. Hurting Mormon girls and women need a space to air these questions and concerns in LDS congregations throughout the world if there's any chance our culture will move beyond the damaging vestiges of patriarchy—quite literally “the traditions of our fathers” the Book of Mormon warns against.
I have never encouraged others to follow me or Ordain Women. We are called to follow Christ, and only each of us as individuals can answer what that means practically and spiritually in our lives. For me, in part that meant asking my questions about equality and women's ordination publicly, and because I followed my conscience I can no longer attend my religious tradition's saving rituals. I can't attend the weddings of my siblings, cousins, or friends anymore. I cannot even enter the Salt Lake Temple where my husband and I were married 7 years ago, or worship there with my family whose pioneer ancestors helped build it. Mormons believe that we can receive comfort from our ancestors while meditating in the temple as heaven is close there, and I am devastated to lose that connection to the divine.
I admit, the thought crossed my mind to comply to priesthood leaders' demands, acquiescing to a silent and obedient existence. But when I soul-search, study, and pray about the decision, I received my own answer: Equality always comes at a price to those who fight for it. But if I don't stand for what I believe is right, who will? If now's not the right time to publicly voice our desires for change, then when?
Kristy is launching the Ordain Women Podcast and will host its first episode release this Sunday. She and Kate Kelly will discuss church discipline and more specifics about this developing story.
Carlos Gomez hits a three-run double in the third inning Saturday. Gomez could land a big free-agent contract when his current deal expires after the 2016 season. But he'd like to stay in Milwaukee. Credit: Getty Images
By
Los Angeles — Carlos Gomez spent a good deal of time Friday afternoon talking with Scott Boras at Dodger Stadium.
It's Boras, the most powerful agent in the game, who's expected to land the Milwaukee Brewers centerfielder a megabuck free-agent contract once his current deal runs out after the 2016 season.
Common sense would dictate that the Brewers won't be able to come anywhere close to matching the type of offer Gomez is likely to generate on the open market.
So with that in mind, and with the Brewers contemplating a rebuild as they muddle through a highly disappointing 2015, did Gomez spend any time talking to Boras about potentially being traded as the July 31 nonwaiver trading deadline approaches?
"I don't ask. Because if I ask, then I have it in my mind," he said. "It's not my problem. The only thing I have to care about is today, and I'm part of the Milwaukee Brewers. It's nothing I can control. If the Brewers want to trade me, they're going to do it. Even if I cry and say, 'Don't do it.' It's not something that I can control.
"The only thing I can control is to come here and give everything I have for the team."
It's been a struggle this season for the 29-year-old Gomez to even do that, as several nagging leg injuries and one stint on the disabled list have limited him to 60 games. His numbers have suffered as a result, and with a .274 average, eight home runs and 36 runs batted in, Gomez fell well short of earning a third consecutive appearance in the All-Star Game.
Still, Gomez has come on of late and is the type of impact player who could tempt a team trying to bolster itself for a playoff push. And with another year remaining on his contract, Gomez would be more than just a rent-a-player, allowing the Brewers to extract an even bigger haul for him.
Assuming the Brewers elect to keep catcher Jonathan Lucroy and his club-friendly contract, Gomez and shortstop Jean Segura would figure to draw the most interest from contending clubs. Both already have been mentioned in various trade rumors the past few weeks.
Having already been traded twice in his career — by the New York Mets to the Minnesota Twins before the 2008 season and by the Twins to the Brewers after the 2009 season — Gomez is well-aware of the business aspect of the game.
"I don't watch a lot of TV," said Gomez, who added the Brewers haven't discussed a contract extension with Boras to his knowledge.
"The only time I watch it is when I'm in the clubhouse. They talk about you getting traded. This is my sixth season in this organization and if it does happen, it's going to hurt for me and my family because we owe a lot to this organization. But I've been in the game so long that I understand I have to move forward.
"If this happens, there's nothing I can do. If that happens, it's because the organization thinks it has a better future to bring in new prospects to rebuild everything."
If Gomez had his way, he'd remain with the Brewers. One of his high-profile teammates, closer Francisco Rodriguez, echoed the sentiment when asked about potential changes looming with the team struggling.
"I don't think it's going to happen and I don't have this on my mind," said Gomez. "The only thing I have on my mind is play every day and give everything I have. Next year is my last year under contract, and I wish I could stay here for the rest of my career. You spend seven seasons with one team, I don't think you want to move. You want to stay here, especially with the group we have.
"I feel like I'm a Milwaukee Brewer. I don't look at myself as anything else."
Gomez also isn't assuming a huge free-agent contract is awaiting him.
"Who says I'm going to have a big contract? I don't have this in my mind," he said. "If you're not healthy, you're not going to have a big contract. Money doesn't make you happy. Where it's good for you and what makes you happy mentally is where you have to go. I have my future for my family, so I don't worry about the next contract.
"I just enjoy the day today. I already have the future safe for my kids."
The three-year, $24 million extension Gomez inked with the Brewers in March 2013 was the first big payday of his career. He's owed $9 million next season and will have earned nearly $35 million in his career by the time he reaches free agency.
That's a figure Boras likely will try to blow out of the water, but Gomez said his focus will be on chasing a World Series ring.
"When you're in the minor leagues, you want to make it to the big leagues. When you're in the big leagues, you want to get paid. And when you get paid, what do you want?" he asked. "To win. I'm in the process of that now.
"The only thing I care about is winning."
SATURDAY'S GAME
The Brewers-Dodgers game ended too late for this edition. Please check out
www.jsonline.com for complete coverage.
FIFA has broken new ground by appointing a Senegalese United Nations official as its first female and first non-European secretary-general.
Friday's historic appointment of Fatma Samba Diouf Samoura as the number two at world football's governing body was made at the FIFA congress in Mexico City.
Samoura, 54, is currently based in Nigeria for the United Nations Development Program and has worked across Africa for the UN for the last two decades.
FIFA's new president Gianni Infantino, who was elected in February, had indicated recently that he would wait until summer to name his number two, but she will now be due to start at FIFA in June following the announcement.
"We want to embrace diversity and we believe in gender equality," Infantino told his first FIFA Congress as president.
"She is used to managing big organisations, big budgets, human resources, finance," Infantino told FIFA's members. "She will bring a fresh wind to FIFA - somebody from outside not somebody from inside, not somebody from the past. Somebody new, somebody who can help us do the right thing in the future."
The former secretary-general, Jerome Valcke of France, was sacked in January and banned from football for 12 years over misconduct in television deals and World Cup ticket sales - one of the many scandals that hit FIFA.
Germany's Markus Kattner has been serving as interim secretary-general since then.
The FIFA congress is due to confirm a series of reforms aimed at cleaning up the organisation, which Infantino took over from Sepp Blatter in February after his disgraced Swiss compatriot resigned.
Mike Francesa might be the most famous sports talk radio host in America. For 25 years, this notorious curmudgeon has been the dominant voice on New York's WFAN, and his popularity is such that since 2002, his daily afternoon show has been simulcast on cable television.
Two months ago, Francesa grew apoplectic on air when Fox Sports 1 bumped him from their schedule for two consecutive days in order to run the Champions' League live. In an all too typical response from an American of a certain age, he accused Fox of trying “to put everybody to sleep with that soccer”.
Last Tuesday afternoon, Francesa's listeners must have been shocked and some, no doubt, appalled, to find him discussing that very sport. At length.
A change of heart prompted by seeing the way the country collectively lost its mind when John Anthony Brooks rose to head the winner against Ghana the previous night, a goal that elevated awareness of the game to a whole other level.
In New York, more people watched that 2-1 victory than tuned into the admittedly foregone conclusion last round of the US Open, the final game of the NBA finals (featuring that sport's biggest star in LeBron James), and the final game of the NHL's Stanley Cup (involving the city's beloved New York Rangers).
“I saw a guy make a winning kick with a lefty kick,” rasped Francesa at one point in his exploration of the deep mysteries of the beautiful game. “Are there guys who kick with both legs?”
It would be easy to scoff at his ignorance except his curiosity can actually be interpreted as something of a tipping point for the game in America. Francesa represents not so much the old as the ancient school, an anachronism in terms of how he has steadfastly clung to the traditional sports of baseball, grid-iron and basketball, only very occasionally allowing debate about hockey and (hardly more than four times a year) golf.
Foreign delicacy
Over the past few weeks, the game has moved from the fringe cinemas to the multiplexes. From the moment Jurgen Klinsmann announced he'd be leaving Landon Donovan at home, the media coverage has intensified and remained constant.
Having evinced guts (and maybe short-sightedness) in dropping the national talisman from his squad, the German courted further controversy when he asserted that the USA had no chance of winning the tournament in Brazil. That sounded sensible enough to most observers but to the more jingoistic and less-informed sections of the American press, this was a scandal and, perversely, that was a good thing.
See, the knock-on effect of those brouhahas, not to mention ESPN running a fly on the wall documentary series from the American training camp, ensured that the anticipation going into the Ghana game was on a much different scale than anything we've seen before.
In Chicago's Grant Park, so many people turned out to watch the match that many latecomers were too far back to be able to properly glimpse the 19 by 33 foot screen. A few climbed trees to try to snag a better view and the authorities have responded to the size of that crowd by moving the outdoor party for tomorrow's clash with Portugal to a more spacious part of the park.
Americans are event junkies so, like college basketball's March Madness, the World Cup is perfect for luring in the casual sports fan, not just to watch but also to subscribe to office betting pools.
That Klinsmann's team won their first game in such dramatic circumstances meant the victory also had much more impact than if they'd strolled to a facile win. Clint Dempsey suffering a broken nose and staying on through the pain probably did wonders for the future box office prospects of the team too. This is a nation where “playing hurt” has always been a crucial part of sporting lore.
That this was always going to be a World Cup of a different kind in America was signposted from way back. As soon as Fifa put match tickets on general sale, fans living in the USA purchased more of them than any other country except the hosts.
Even allowing for the fact some of those were undoubtedly supporters of other nations, it's telling that there are estimated to be more than 20,000 American fans in attendance, all ready to belt out their favourite chant, the positively Obamaesque “I believe that we will win!” at every opportunity.
If those who have travelled to Brazil are the hardcore, the self-styled American Outlaws, there are plenty of other ways to gauge how much increased interest there is back home. Even before a ball was kicked, we found Target (American for Penney's) selling cheap, imitation international shirts. Never seen that before. In the supermarket, we noticed more and items on the shelves with World Cup logos on them. Watching television each night, we were suddenly bombarded with soccer-themed commercials.
Big screens
Twenty years after USA 94, it's tempting and completely wrong to try to fit all this into a convenient “America finally gets soccer” narrative. Plenty of Americans have “got” soccer for a long time, something borne out by the three million or so registered youth players and the rude, good health of the under-age game in the country today.
What is different now is that these kids and their parents have access to so much quality soccer all the time. Aside from a half-decent national league (MLS may be obsessed with purchasing over-the-hill stars from Europe but it did send 22 players to Brazil) that is expanding on a yearly basis, they can and do gorge themselves on a rich weekly diet of televised fare from all over the globe.
This is the country where NBC spent $250m buying the rights to the Premier League for three seasons, and proceeded to make every single game available live, along the way discovering a niche market for advertisers in the previously dead slots of Saturday and Sunday mornings.
On any given weekend from August to May, the American fan can watch an average of 50 plus live games on his television, from the Bundesliga, the Scottish Premier League, Ligue Un, La Liga, Serie A, and even the Championship.
Throw in the Champions' League and it's easy to see why nobody trots out tired old shibboleths about “ignorant” Americans cheering for corners anymore.
Best illustration
“International soccer is cool with the cool kids,” says Brooklyn-based writer Patrick Sauer. “No doubt about it, hipsters have taken to it, I think in part because they've been to Europe, South America, whatever, and in coastal/urban/college town America, they have friends from those very countries. If you follow basic political trends, most educated millennials mirror Western European values, so why wouldn't they dig soccer, especially the World Cup?”
Although the NFL remains by some distance America's national sport, twice as many young adults gave soccer rather than baseball as their favourite sport in a survey earlier this year. Market research also shows that while the average baseball fan is 53 years old, his soccer counterpart is 37 and that demographic is skewing ever younger. All of that may explain why, as is normal whenever interest in soccer spikes, cranks on air and in print denounce the sport for all sorts of reasons that say more about them and their prejudices than the game itself.
The other day, the celebrated sportswriter John Feinstein acknowledged the burgeoning interest in soccer before then calling for Fifa to change the rules to make it more entertaining. If Feinstein might have been expected to know better, his contribution paled next to Sarah Palin.
“Back on the campaign trail in ‘08 I spoke with an American patriot and veteran who served in Iraq,” wrote Palin on Facebook. “He said the Iraqi terrorists would all play soccer in the streets of Baghdad together. If that is the sort of person who loves that sport, count me out. Here in Real America, we don't watch soccer.”
The many millions of “Real Americans” gathering around televisions, at home, in beer gardens, in public parks and in stadia across the country to watch the Portugal match tomorrow might beg to differ.
Karabakh | 04.02.16 | 10:36 Water Issue: Karabakh blames Azerbaijan for Sarsang reservoir dispute Photo: www.wikipedia.org
The resolution based on a report by Bosnia & Herzegovina representative Milica Markovic was adopted by the Strasbourg body on January 26 despite objections raised by the Armenian side.
Nagorno-Karabakh Republic (NKR) Deputy Prime Minister Artur Aghabekyan stated after the passage of the resolution that it was false and had nothing to do with the reality.
He said that the water of the Sarsang reservoir flows into the Kura River on its own.
“The Sarsang reservoir that was built [on the Tartar river] in the Soviet times is under the control of the armed forces of Azerbaijan, and for years the Artsakh government has been trying through different channels to establish mutually beneficial cooperation with Azerbaijan on the use of the reservoir, but all efforts have been in vain. Two years ago, Azerbaijan also rejected the mediation of the Red Cross in this matter,” said Aghabekyan, in fact repeating what he had already said on several occasions before.
According to Aghabekyan, the authorities of Artsakh need assistance in building a pipeline that was designed still in 2002 through which the water of the Sarsang reservoir would flow to the Martakert, Askeran and Martuni region's farmers. The estimated cost of the project is $15 million.
Political analyst Sergey Minasyan, who is deputy director of the Yerevan-based Caucasus Institute, says that if the goal of the Azerbaijani side was to solve the humanitarian problems of the border areas, then many other ways to solve them by working with authorities in Artsakh without politicizing the matter could be found.
“Azerbaijan did not do that before the passage of this resolution and, naturally, nothing will be done afterwards, because the only body that can deal with this issue is the NKR Water Management Committee. If it doesn't deal with the matter, this resolution will not give any result in this humanitarian field, while in terms of politics or propaganda, I think it will soon be forgotten,” the analyst says.
Karabakh war hero, retired Major-General Arkady Ter-Tadevosyan (Kommandos), meanwhile, accuses Azerbaijan of not allowing the Armenian population access to certain water resources of the area. He calls Azerbaijan's diplomacy “dirty” in this sense.
Analyst Minasyan says the Armenian side could also make such claims, but it always tries to avoid any discussion or initiative that is outside the format of the OSCE Minsk Group.
Meanwhile, commenting on the PACE resolution to Azerbaijan's Trend news agency on Wednesday, the Minsk Group's American co-chair James Warlick said that the issue of water could lay the basis for future cooperation between Armenia and Azerbaijan.
Officials in Nagorno-Karabakh say that Azerbaijan's population is not able to use the water of the Sarsang reservoir only through their own state's fault and not because of the Armenian side that has been accused of restricting access to the resource in a controversial resolution recently passed by the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE).The resolution based on a report by Bosnia & Herzegovina representative Milica Markovic was adopted by the Strasbourg body on January 26 despite objections raised by the Armenian side.Nagorno-Karabakh Republic (NKR) Deputy Prime Minister Artur Aghabekyan stated after the passage of the resolution that it was false and had nothing to do with the reality.He said that the water of the Sarsang reservoir flows into the Kura River on its own.“The Sarsang reservoir that was built [on the Tartar river] in the Soviet times is under the control of the armed forces of Azerbaijan, and for years the Artsakh government has been trying through different channels to establish mutually beneficial cooperation with Azerbaijan on the use of the reservoir, but all efforts have been in vain. Two years ago, Azerbaijan also rejected the mediation of the Red Cross in this matter,” said Aghabekyan, in fact repeating what he had already said on several occasions before.According to Aghabekyan, the authorities of Artsakh need assistance in building a pipeline that was designed still in 2002 through which the water of the Sarsang reservoir would flow to the Martakert, Askeran and Martuni region's farmers. The estimated cost of the project is $15 million.Political analyst Sergey Minasyan, who is deputy director of the Yerevan-based Caucasus Institute, says that if the goal of the Azerbaijani side was to solve the humanitarian problems of the border areas, then many other ways to solve them by working with authorities in Artsakh without politicizing the matter could be found.“Azerbaijan did not do that before the passage of this resolution and, naturally, nothing will be done afterwards, because the only body that can deal with this issue is the NKR Water Management Committee. If it doesn't deal with the matter, this resolution will not give any result in this humanitarian field, while in terms of politics or propaganda, I think it will soon be forgotten,” the analyst says.Karabakh war hero, retired Major-General Arkady Ter-Tadevosyan (Kommandos), meanwhile, accuses Azerbaijan of not allowing the Armenian population access to certain water resources of the area. He calls Azerbaijan's diplomacy “dirty” in this sense.Analyst Minasyan says the Armenian side could also make such claims, but it always tries to avoid any discussion or initiative that is outside the format of the OSCE Minsk Group.Meanwhile, commenting on the PACE resolution to Azerbaijan's Trend news agency on Wednesday, the Minsk Group's American co-chair James Warlick said that the issue of water could lay the basis for future cooperation between Armenia and Azerbaijan.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Saudi Arabia has been conducting air strikes over Yemen
A campaign group is threatening to take the British government to court over the sale of arms to Saudi Arabia.
Campaign Against The Arms Trade (CAAT) says Britain is breaching international humanitarian law over the use of weapons in the conflict in Yemen.
CAAT said it would take legal action by issuing judicial review proceedings unless the government halts such sales.
The UK said it had stressed to the Saudis the importance of investigating claims of international law violations.
Civilian targets
At least 5,870 people have been killed since March, when a Saudi-led coalition began a military campaign to restore Yemen's government and drive back a rebel group - known as the Houthis - and their allies.
Leigh Day, the law firm representing CAAT, wrote to the government in November, highlighting concerns over allegations of violations of the laws of war by the Saudi-led coalition.
In particular they pointed to reports by respected NGOs of the targeting of civilians and civilian objectives in coalition airstrikes.
The United Nations estimates that 60% of civilian deaths and injuries since the start of the campaign have been caused by coalition airstrikes.
"The UK has a very clear legal regime, and that regime says that the UK won't provide licences for arms exports if there is a clear risk there may be violations of international humanitarian law," said Rosa Curling, from Leigh Day.
"The facts on the ground of what is happening in Yemen suggest there is that clear risk."
Ms Curling added: "The current position of the UK government is unlawful.
"They're failing to comply with their own obligations to make sure that they don't export arms when there is a clear risk that those arms may be involved in violations of IHL (International Humanitarian Law)."
Treaty requirement
The Saudi-led campaign has the backing of the UN Security Council, which gives it legitimacy under international law.
The UK supports the coalition and, along with the US and other countries, has been supplying some of the weapons and jets used in the bombing campaign.
But attacks directed against civilians or civilian targets constitute grave violations of international humanitarian law.
At issue is whether the UK has knowledge that British weapons sold to Saudi Arabia would or could be used to commit such violations, and whether the UK has done enough to satisfy itself that those weapons are not being used to commit war crimes.
That is a requirement under the Arms Trade Treaty, which was championed by Prime Minister David Cameron.
A key piece of evidence, cited by the lawyers, came in an interview on Newsnight with Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond in November.
He said: "The Saudis deny that there have been any breaches of international humanitarian law. Obviously that denial alone is not enough, we need to see proper investigations."
'Degree of scrutiny'
That admission is significant, says Philippe Sands, one of the authors of a separate legal opinion prepared for Amnesty International by the legal firm Matrix Chambers.
"The British government has confirmed that it is aware of the allegations that violations of international law are being committed on the ground in Yemen, and it is also aware that the assurances being given by the Saudi authorities are perhaps not watertight," he said.
"That recognition by the United Kingdom is significant. It heightens the degree of scrutiny which they ought to be applying in the determination of whether any new weapons should be supplied."
Their legal opinion concludes: "On the basis of the evidence available to us, any authorisation by the UK of the transfer of weapons or other items... to Saudi Arabia, in circumstances where such weapons are capable of being used in the conflict in Yemen... would constitute a breach by the UK of its obligations under domestic, European and international law."
The Saudi authorities have consistently denied targeting civilians.
They point out that their campaign comes at the request of Yemen's internationally recognized government, against a rebel force, the Houthis, who themselves stand accused of violating the laws of war. But Britain is not supplying weapons to the Houthis.
A UK government spokesman told Newsnight: "The UK government has stressed, to the Saudi authorities, the importance of conducting transparent investigations into all incidents where it is alleged that international humanitarian law has been breached."
The statement added: "The UK government itself is not carrying out separate investigations into these incidents."
Michael Cohl was in the middle of telling a story about The Rolling Stones' Steel Wheels tour when he paused. “By the way, do you want to hear about the night I fired Donald Trump?” It was Cohl's keynote address at Pollstar Live! this past February.
The theme was his great decisions and others that weren't that hot, told in stories about his career as a concert promoter and Broadway producer. He went to the podium with four stories to tell involving Pink Floyd, Michael Jackson, The Rolling Stones and Broadway's “Spider-Man: Turn Off The Dark,” but got sidetracked during the Stones yarn.
The 1989 Steel Wheels tour was famous for many things, including its reunion of Mick and Keef but also for its profitability, grossing nearly $100 million – a tour manufactured by Cohl and one that changed the landscape of concert promotion. It wrapped with a $24.95 pay-per-view event at Atlantic City's 16,000-capacity Convention Center.
The event was Dec. 19, 1989, a broadcast of the last of three sold-out shows. However, to make it happen, Cohl needed to shop the show around Las Vegas, hoping to find the casino that would pay The Rolling Stones' performance fee (which, in this case, could be defined as a “casino site fee”). When that didn't fly, Cohl resorted to Atlantic City. The event was ultimately broadcast in association with Donald Trump, Trump Plaza Hotel and Casino, and MTV. Jump-cut six months from Cohl's speech and the story has a sudden resonance.
By the way, do you want to hear about the night I fired Donald Trump? We have to figure out the pay-per-view event. I realized that when they did a big boxing match they would separate the promotion and the fight. For the fight, you'd get a site fee from Las Vegas. You'd get a dollar, a million, a billion. Whatever. You'd get a “site fee” and you'd get a worldwide closed-circuit. I thought, geez, if I can separate the Stones from their own gig, and just concentrate on the pay-per-view, then I might pull it off.
So I go to them and say, “Look, let's do a worldwide pay-per-view. We'll get a big site fee; I'll get you $3 million for a site fee and we'll keep all the money for the pay-per-view.” And they agreed. I hadn't told them completely what I had in mind, which is one of the rare times I wasn't completely up front. I went around Las Vegas, and they didn't really want it. They didn't get it, they didn't like rock music yet.
They didn't follow it. And, unfortunately, the only person I could get to kind of agree to the site fee we needed and to work it through was Donald Trump. Now I had one of those, “Oh God, how am I going to do this?” moments.
And I opened my big mouth in the meeting with The Rolling Stones where they go, “This is all great, but we're not going to be affiliated with Donald Trump. At all. Screw you.” And I go, “I will control Donald Trump! Don't you worry!”
So, we signed the contract. Donald agrees that he will not be in any of the promotion except in Atlantic City, and he will not show up at the gig! Holy shit! Well, the quick version is we go on sale. Eric Clapton was there, Axl Rose, Slash, John Lee Hooker – we had a fantastic show; sell out three shows.
Are you ready for the punchline? Three-hundred dollar tickets. That's where they originated -- $300, $250, $150 and it worked. It was spectacular. And that's how it happened.
The Stones agreed to that ticket pricing in Atlantic City. It didn't have the happiest of endings, though. It's the night of the show.
The Stones had such power in those days that the 6:40 p.m. slot on the national evening news was going to be an interview with the Stones to talk about and promote the pay-per-view. At about 5:50 p.m. I get word that I have to come to the press room in the next building. I run to the press room in the next building and what do you think is happening? There's Donald Trump giving a press conference, in our room!
I give him the [come here gesture]. “Come on, Donald, what are you doing? A) You promised us you wouldn't even be here and, B) you promised you would never do this.” He says, “But they begged me to go up, Michael! They begged me to go up!” I say, “Stop it. Stop it. This could be crazy. Do what you said you would. Don't make a liar of yourself.”
I go back to the dressing room. Five minutes later, he's back up. They call me back over there. Holy shit. I call him out (again). Same thing happens. I say, “Donald. I don't know if I can control this. Stop it.” I go back to the dressing room. And I leave my walkie-talkie on in the dressing room. Moronic, on my part.
They call me back, at which point Keith pulls out his knife and slams it on the table and says, “What the hell do I have you for? Do I have to go over there and fire him myself? One of us is leaving the building – either him, or us.” I said, “No. I'll go do it. Don't you worry.”
I run over. He's up there again! I go [gives the come here gesture]. We go into the hallway. I said, “Donald. You lied. You broke your promise. One of two things is going to happen. You're going to leave the building and, at 6:40, The Rolling Stones are going to speak on CBS News, or you're not going to leave the building and I'm going to go on and do an interview to explain to the world why the pay-per-view was canceled. I know it's your building and…” – and in my head I'm going, this is so crazy, right? I'm trying to throw Donald Trump out of his own building.
But, anyway, the bottom line is I look at Donald and said, “You and Marla (Maples) have to go. You're fired.” He looks at me and goes berserk.
“You don't know anything! Your guys suck! I promote Mike Tyson! I promote heavyweight fights!” And I notice the three shtarkers he's with, in trench coats, two of them are putting on gloves and the other one is putting on brass knuckles. I go on the walkie-talkie and I call for Jim Callahan, who was head of our security, and I go, “Jim, I think I'm in a bit of trouble.” And he says, “Just turn around.”
I turn around. He's got 40 of the crew with tire irons and hockey sticks and screwdrivers.
“And now, are you gonna go, Donald?”
And off he went.
New Cathedral Quarter Hotel For Previous Owners Of The Kremlin
New Cathedral Quarter Hotel For Previous Owners Of The Kremlin
A new Cathedral Quarter hotel from the former owners of one of Northern Ireland's best-known gay venues has been recommended for planning approval.
The proposed 63-bedroom, four-star venues is to be located at the War Memorial Building in Waring Street in Belfast.
It was snapped up by Kremlin Associates, led by Andre Graham and Seamus Sweeney, for around £1m last year.
The building had been bought by Frank Boyd's Killultagh Estates in 2007 for around £7m.
Kremlin Associates sold off the nightclub which made their name in 2014 for around £3m.
The new hotel plans have been recommended for approval at next week's meeting of the Belfast City Council planning committee.
Documents relating to the application describe the building as “an example of the modernist style with a modular, unembellished character”.
The hotel will also have conferencing and leisure facilities.
The building, at 9 to 13 Waring Street, is a 1950s office block which won a competition to become the official War Memorial Building, providing a home for charities linked to the Armed Forces.
It was formerly the Queen Anne Hotel, which was blown up during the Belfast Blitz in 1941.
It was reopened as the War Memorial Building by the Queen Mother in 1963 and has been used for office accommodation in the last few years.
The report says that no objections were received to the application.
Source: Belfast Telegraph
Facebook Comments
It seems to be pretty widely acknowledged (even by neo-cons like Bill Kristol and Matthew Continetti if only, in the case of the former, to applaud it) that elements of the intelligence services are currently seeking to undermine, perhaps overthrow and destroy, certainly weaken and humiliate, the President of the United States. Indeed, the CIA doesn't seem to bother concealing their intentions—maybe they consider it preferable that they be known. This is a very instructive situation for those of us who think the only serious political question is “who rules”? It has always been fairly evident that the broader institutions of American life, including the intelligence and security agencies cloaked in secrecy but also corporations, NGOs, government bureaucracies, political parties and the media, constrained in informal ways the choices available to American voters (not to mention to those they elect). It's not quite as obvious as the mullahs in Iran, who simply strike names off a panel of candidates, but the effect is the same—does anyone think, for example, that the ruling class would have allowed Jessie Jackson become president in 1988? (2008 was a different story, of course, but even then the candidate needed to be somewhat less obviously bristling with resentment.) What the election of Donald Trump reveals is that the system is imperfect, and this revelation has generated another one, as the elements of the state that normally leak and subvert behind the scenes are now close enough to the surface to be seen by everyone. Outing the fundamental power relations of the United States is one of the many things we can be grateful to Donald Trump for.
Now, the problem is how to analyze all this. Absolutist theory gets taken out for a comprehensive test drive here. First of all, let's decide which of the two most common names to work with, or at least start with: “deep state” or “permanent state.” The problem with “deep” is that these agencies are deep until they're not, and right now they seem to be brushing right up against the surface, perhaps ready to breach at any moment. “Deep state” is more ominous sounding, and perhaps better for a fictional thriller, but “permanent” is both more accurate and more conceptually acute. Why is there a permanent state? The ongoing, centuries long centralization of power. Modernity is a high-low war against the middle, a demolition ball taken to all mediating institutions and traditions time and time again. This we already know from de Jouvenal and de Tocqueville. To insist on rights is to demand a state bureaucracy capable of harming those who interfere with the realization of those rights—rights inflation inevitably follows, since that allows for the continual aggrandizement of the state. The same analysis is less often applied to foreign affairs, but if power blocs within a given (powerful) country aim at increasing their own power by undermining mediations, why wouldn't the same principle apply internationally—why not agitate for the same rights abroad, fund and support those agencies that can fight for them within that country, form new alliances with government, para-governmental and private agencies in other countries and across regions that make you a leader in rights exportation? If the agents we get behind turn out to be dangerous and antagonistic, the same dice can be rolled again, leading to further destabilization. And when the destabilization lets loose international forces of chaos and mayhem, why not impose vast security controls that further subvert mediations and allow you to play one end off against the other: if you don't want a flood of Muslim immigrants and refugees you are a racist who needs to be controlled and ostracized; but, now that we have more and more Muslims, we also need extensive surveillance, infiltration of police forces into everyday life and the general fortressification of the society. When you put it this way, it attributes too much coherence and cohesion to the ruling powers, but this is just a shorthand way of describing what goes one through inter and intra-institutional rivalries.
Again, all of this is obvious, and I'm a little embarrassed to be providing this summary of analyses one can easily find in dozens of places these days. The really interesting question is who rules? First of all, let's point out that the permanent state seems to be comprised of an endless and incalculable series of temporary states. When a judge tells President Trump he can't do something as routine as prevent migration from some hellholes, and Trump complies, clearly Trump is not sovereign. Is the judge, then, sovereign? Not yet—the administration appealed to the Ninth Circuit appeals court which could have, theoretically, overturned the lower judge's decision, and reinstalled the travel ban. Is the Ninth District, then, sovereign? In overturning the lower court, would they have restored Trump's sovereignty? But let's not forget about the Supreme Court, which has certainly acted sovereignly on a regular basis for decades now. What has allowed them to do so? If a president defies a Supreme Court decision, would he then be sovereign? It would depend, I suppose, upon whether he then gets impeached and removed from power—but, then, would it be the Court or those who remove him that is sovereign? (Let's go a step further—I just read on a fairly popular blog that the CIA and the Mossad are involved in organizing pedophile rings that are used to blackmail US politicians into doing the bidding of the American and Israeli secret agencies—so, is the guy with the videos of Western politicians in compromising positions sovereign?) Should we determine sovereignty based on public, obviously consequential decisions, or do those decisions depend upon other decisions made less publicly, maybe years ago? What, then, is the temporality of sovereignty—would a decision made, say, in 2000, that still controls decisions made now, confer sovereignty on whoever made that decision? Until when? Does sovereignty run out at a certain point? And let's keep in mind that absolutism locates sovereignty in a single individual—not just, say, the Supreme Court, or the CIA, but whoever decides within the Court or Agency.
It's interesting that the popular sense that there's someone out there who's really running things seems in agreement with the absolutist position. There is an ongoing competition involving finding the level of conspiracy that's underneath the level your interlocutor has uncovered. This is inevitable as long as informal power is so at odds with formal power—the disjunction between formal and informal power encourages everyone to find new levers of power they can pull or expose. Obviously, trying to identify who's pulling each and every lever, and each and every lever behind the other levers, or who is responsible for this decision made here right now, is hopeless. Our outrage at divided power (at someone else really pulling the strings, at no one but ourselves realizing that everything else is just a puppet show) only makes sense on the assumption that undivided power is possible. Our entire moral framework presupposes absolutism. Even if one just says, well, let's just divide power in a formal and controlled way, between the legislative, judicial and executive, one necessarily concedes competition regarding influence over each of the branches, constant attempts to subvert one branch on behalf of the other, ad infinitum. All the powerful and the powerless they mobilize rush into the gaps between different power centers. What can one really say about a congressman who essentially has donors write the legislation he introduces—that he should have written the entire bill himself, without input, based on his own opinions and knowledge and sense of right and wrong? Or that he should judge the bills introduced by others, each on its own terms, based only on an independent reading of the bill as a good or bad piece of legislation in itself? That's the implicit model of representative democracy, but it's absurd, if for no other reason that there is no independent position from which one can think through a piece of legislation on one's own, or even through free conversation with one's colleagues in the chamber. It only makes sense on the anarchistic liberal anthropological assumption of naturally free and rational individuals, which means it doesn't make sense.
We must assume, if we are to put intellectual order in the morass of divided power, that someone is or could be attempting to restore unified power. It's impossible to imagine pure chaos—somewhere there must be counter-entropic forces. Anywhere someone tries to constitute a bounded space, with a central focus and purpose, and exclude anything that would distract or dilute that focus or purpose, and bring all the available means to bear upon sustaining that focus and achieving that purpose, we have such an anti-entropic force. The “middle” which de Jouvenal sees assailed by the constant pincer movement of the high-low alliance, is comprised of such anti-entropists. Even someone who's vocation was subverted by the latest round of high-low modernist centralization will seek to reconstitute the space on internally coherent terms—that is, to restore the center. The middle exists in business, in government, in the police and military, education, families, neighborhoods, etc., even on the level of a disciplined self. But the “size” of the middle varies—the proliferation of contrary intentions attributed to the center indicates a shrinking middle, while a burgeoning middle would reward more unified power at the top. Simply pointing out the consequences of divided power in the form of eccentric, hidden and transient sovereign acts is itself an act aimed at growing the middle. But, of course pointing out such consequences can just as easily be a way of multiplying power (it never takes long before someone who says “it's all really about ________” is rebuked by someone claiming that “that's what they want us to think so we don't see that___________”), intentionally or otherwise. We could say that even the most subversive are, in their own way, trying to steer us towards some kind of secure power. Is Trump, on balance, a stabilizing or destabilizing force? Is some destabilization necessary in order to arrive at enduring stability? How much, what kinds, and how do we know?
We can find the answer in the temporality of sovereignty. To borrow from Kant, we should act as though our decisions today would be sovereign for the forseeable future, would build upon a permanent tradition of absolutism that will only increase. I can write this little blog post under the assumption that its way of thinking will enter (no doubt through myriad indirect routes) the decision making process of some sovereign decades from now, and help tilt a particular decision he is agonizing over towards the slightly better one, ensuring the permanence and singularity of his sovereignty. I would, in that case, be sovereign for that moment, would I not? But, since I of course have no way of knowing anything about that sovereign, the conditions he faces, the forms and extent of his responsibilities, the only way I can exercise this sovereignty is by feeding forms of thought that enhance the capacity for deferral, discipline and paradox, and therefore by embedding these capacities in my own thinking. Assume the middle is shrinking at an accelerating pace, to the point of near extinction (give free play in the imagination and actual inquiry to the wildest historical possibilities of constant turnover in sovereignty); assume, further, that this condition can be dramatically and immediately reversed by the right word, here and now (all the historical demons could be dispersed and their forces recouped by the right person in the right place doing the right thing)—try and find that word, and you might be exercising some form of future sovereignty.
Now, contrast this with another hypothetical form of futural sovereignty, drawn from Moldbug's demonstration that today's dominant social ideas were the dominant opinions of the Harvard (or maybe he says Stanford) faculty in 1960, implying that the Harvard faculty in 1960 exercised sovereignty that extends to today. Let's say there is some Harvard professor right now developing a constitutional argument to the effect that only disabled black lesbians should be qualified to be president (do you dare declare this example an absurdity?). And let's say that 50 years from now, a Supreme Court decision implements this opinion from a Harvard professor in 2017. How would the sovereignty exercised by this professor differ from the one I just proposed from an absolutist standpoint? My thinking, on my hypothesis, enters the thinking of the future sovereign, and my temporary sovereignty enhances his permanent sovereignty—in a sense, in his studies and inquiries, that future sovereign periodically cedes sovereignty, within a controlled space, much like a delegation, but with the capacity to surprise and displace current intellectual habits, to representatives of the intellectual traditions he knows himself to rely upon. The Harvard professor's sovereignty generates more divided power and confuses sovereignty—who, after all, will be sovereign in that future order? Not whichever disabled black lesbian happens to be president at a given time, because she must be subject to ongoing redefinitions, across various disciplines, of the meaning of “disabled,” “black” and “lesbian”; not the member of the Supreme Court who championed this innovation, because she will herself have simply let loose a stream of arbitrary discussions over whether, for example, degrees of blackness, disability and lesbianism should enter into the qualification of a presidential candidate, making all these concepts even more political, i.e., more attractive to those dividing power, than they already were. And certainly not the Harvard professor of 2017, whose brief moment in the sovereignty sun is immediately sunk in the watershed, contributing to no new order. At any rate, we end with a claim that should prove promising for “sovereignty studies”: in answering the question of “who rules?” one must account for the temporality of sovereignty.
Updated on Page 2 with the victim's reported identity.
L.A. weirdos really don't get any weirder than this.
Luka Rocco Magnotta, formerly a Los Angeles-based gay porn star (or, according to his Facebook profile, a "male model" who's had plastic surgery to look like James Dean), is now on Interpol's international watch list, reportedly on suspicion of committing 2012's goriest crime.
Continue Reading
A bloody foot was mailed to the Conservative Party headquarters in Canada yesterday, followed by a bloody hand -- mailed this time to the Liberal Party. Magnotta, 29, is wanted in connection to the crimes.
Where to begin, really, on this guy's history.
He's made himself into public enemy No. 1 of animal-rights activists the world over, for a video they believe he posted of himself stuffing two kittens into a plastic bag and vacuuming all the air out. "1 Boy, 2 Kittens," it was called.
luka-magnotta.net
Yesterday, a similar video, posted by a "Luke Magnotta," caught the eye of Minnesota lawyer Roger Renville.
Named "1 Lunatic, 1 Ice Pick," it shows the brutal ice-pick murder of a bound-and-gagged victim, followed by a sexual assault of his lifeless corpse and -- finally -- a total beheading/dismemberment.
Here's the video, for those who dare. (As a warning, scenes sink to such nauseating lows as the killer eating the victim's asscheek with a knife and fork. Really.) And here are some excerpts from the vintage kitten-vacuuming gem.
The lawyer reportedly alerted Toronto police of "1 Lunatic, 1 Ice Pick," who then alerted national authorities, who took the case to Interpol. Investigators now believe Magnotta is on the run -- possibly in Europe, according to the National Post -- as his family in Canada anxiously awaits his call.
Here's how Magnotta became the prime suspect in the Canadian bloody-appendage mystery, via the New York Daily News:
Authorities linked the bloody appendages Tuesday to a torso found in a locked suitcase behind a Montreal apartment building. The building's manager, Eric Schorer, said Magnotta had been living in the building for nearly four months. "He seemed like a nice guy," Schorer told The Canadian Press. Several residents in the building told the Montreal Gazette newspaper that police believe the torso belongs to an Asian man who also lived in the apartment building and is apparently missing.
La Presse is calling Magnotta "Canadian Psycho" -- partly because the maker of the ice-pick video commits his heinous crimes with "True Faith" by New Order blaring in the background. The same track plays during the opening credits of American Psycho.
On his modeling website, Magnotta posts a psychotically long list of methods that "the media's propaganda machine" uses to report fiction as fact. (We'll interpret that as a plea of "not guilty.")
Montreal police announced in a press conference that the suspect and the dismembered victim "knew each other." Also, that the person who mailed the body parts included a letter saying "he would kill again."
UP NEXT: More on the victim, a Chinese student who was studying in Canada.
The victim. The Sun
According to the National Post, the owner of the bloody hand and foot sent to the Canadian capital was 33-year-old Lin Jun, a Concordia University student from Wuhan, Hubei, China.
The Sun, however, has the most interesting and intimate updates on the killing. Reporters Tom Wells and Alex West say they actually communicated with a man who claimed to be Magnotta via email some months ago, and he told them: "Once you kill and taste blood it's impossible to stop." He said his next victim wouldn't be no kitten:
"... don't worry, in the near future you will be hearing from me again. This time, however, the victims won't be small animals. I will however, send you a copy of the new video I'm going to be making. You see, killing is different than smoking... with smoking you can actually quit."
Jun, the murdered Chinese student, was Magnotta's gay lover, reports the Sun. He was last seen on May 24.
Again, this could be an impersonator, but a since-removed March 2012 blog titled "Necrophilia Serial Killer Luka Magnotta" detailed the writer's deep love for dead people. "I don't see myself as some creepy pervert," it reads. "I'm just somebody who has feelings, real feelings, for dead men." Here's a cached version.
See also: "Is Luka Magnotta, Canadian Porn Actor and Murder-Dismembering Suspect, a Scientologist?"
[@simone_electra / swilson@laweekly.com / @LAWeeklyNews]
Because I've revealed on here before that I was raised Mormon, went in a mission, got married to a Mormon with plans to raise lots of little Mormon babies.
Now I'm strictly areligious with only two little apostate babies and an apostate husband to boot (thank god).
And I love Tyler Glenn's new video.
And the song too, of course. The beat is amazing, the lyrics paint an adequate picture of the emotions he's experiencing, and his style is, as always, flawless (and I fucking LOVE the new look!).
And it's fucking offensive as shit (in a very good way as you will find if you keep reading). I haven't been to church in 6 years and it's hard not to cringe during certain parts. Old habits and feelings die hard and I admit, my first reaction was “this is a bit over the top”.
But that's bullshit. It's not over the top, it's exactly right at the top. It's art. Since when did great art NOT offend hundreds of thousands of people? And it's beautiful and emotional and reflects very clearly how difficult and soul-wrenching it is to feel betrayed by a belief system that once informed your entire identity. My knee-jerk reaction is a simple result of years of being told that it's wrong to be angry after leaving the church, and why don't I “leave it alone” and “quit being offended”. There are a lot of de-personalizing messages that are difficult to shake, even years later. I'm not angry anymore – I was as angry as Tyler a one point – but it still takes time to shed 29 years of hardcore training. It takes time to discover who you are without the church; who you really are. How to live without that constant safety net. How to discover that you really had the power and the strength to overcome challenges, be a moral person, and make sense of life without a strict and codependent narrative.
I've been watching Tyler Glenn for years, since before he came out as gay. Not in a weird stalker-ish way, but after he finally came out of the closet, I figured leaving the church wouldn't be far behind. But he stuck with it; held on. Like the rest of us always did when we hit a bump in the road. I went to an amazing concert just after he came out and was just blown away by how much joy he was finding in embracing his true self. It was inspiring to watch him up there being exactly who he is, unafraid to express himself fully. I wouldn't necessarily say I hoped that he would lose his faith – that's not an easy road to wish upon anyone – but I knew how manipulative the “doctrine” and narrative around “same-sex attraction” was (this is what they call homosexuality in the church – it's considered a weakness that can be overcome) in the Mormon church and I feared the cognitive dissonance he might be experiencing could be substantial.
Now I watch him in this video and I feel like I'm back at that concert again, seeing him bloom once again, but spreading his wings even further. The music is better, the dark aura of it is more emotional and intriguing, and his passion is clearer. I look forward to the full album with a fervor I can't describe. I love to see people raw, open, and splayed out without fear (perhaps because I personally find this so difficult to do); his projection of this almost feels sacred.
Like Tyler, I'm a writer and artist (just a whole lot less famous lol). Many of you may not know, but I'm actually a songwriter first and a story writer second. Songwriting is all about diving into deep emotions and finding unique ways to interpret and express them so that they have meaning that only you might understand but that others can leach into if they've had similar experiences. It's all about freeing yourself; emoting the parts of humanity that are sometimes disturbing. It's a very personal, very scary experience to put that out into the world. Tyler is taking a huge risk here and I can only hope he sees how much it's paying off for those of us who understand. We've been there, man. I've never been there as a gay member, but to a certain extent, we understand.
And no matter how offended members of the church might be (and I'm quite sure they will be), I think it's important to note how sacred this particular form of expression is to him. He's not being disrespectful; he's showing how something that he once revered filleted him into pieces. If nothing else, this video is an important representation of exactly how painful and soul-crushing it is to try to survive as a gay member of the Mormon church.
If you haven't seen it, here's the video:
http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/watch-neon-trees-tyler-glenn-slam-mormon-church-in-new-solo-video-20160429
Advertisements
Jenelle Evans‘ babysitter may have been released from jail after she was busted with drugs, but the Teen Mom 2 star's friend isn't off the hook! RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned the details of Tori Rhyne‘s intense probation.
Rhyne was arrested on April 13 in Wilmington, North Carolina for possession of heroin, marijuana and marijuana paraphernalia after she was pulled over by police.
Evans' best friend was carrying half an ounce of marijuana, four empty bindles of heroin and a grinder at the time of the bust.
Rhyne is on supervised probation for two years and has to complete the recommended terms given by the judge.
PHOTOS: Jenelle Evans Shows Off Pictures Of Her Newborn Son Kaiser
“She has to get her GED during the first 12 months of the probation, she has to complete 36 hours of community service, and she has to report to counseling for initial evaluation and participate in all further evaluation counseling treatments and education programs,” a Deputy Clerk from the New Hanover County Courthouse exclusively told RadarOnline.com.
Rhyne is also required to receive frequent screenings and searches by a probation officer.
She is ordered to pay $652.50 in community service, court and attorney fees.
PHOTOS: Tropical Taunts! ‘Severely Heartbroken' Jenelle Evans Shares Bikini Snaps From Vacation, Is She Single Again?
Rhyne often watched Evans' 1-year-old son Kaiser when the friends lived together. In November, Nathan Griffith called CPS when the reality star left their son with Rhyne while on vacation with current boyfriend David Eason.
“They just say that Kaiser was okay and then they left,” a source told Radar at the time. “CPS told Jenelle that they would talk to her when she gets back and that's all, but everything looked okay and everything was fine.”
All About The Tea was the first to report on the arrest.
Coming Soon
ReMastered: The Miami Showband Massacre
Ambushed by Ulster loyalists, three members of the Miami Showband were killed in Northern Ireland in 1975. Was the crime linked to the government?
Osmosis
In Paris of the near future, a dating app matches singles with their soul mates by mining their brain data. But decoding true love comes at a price.
The Ghost Bride
In the 1890s Malacca, a young woman finds herself in the afterlife and becomes mired in a murder mystery connected to the deceased son of a wealthy family.
Over the Moon
In this animated musical, a girl builds a rocket ship and blasts off, hoping to meet a mythical moon goddess. Legendary animator Glen Keane directs.
Giri / Haji
Helped by a young Japanese-British hustler, a Tokyo sleuth searches London for his brother, who's involved with the Yakuza and wanted for murder.
Cobalt Blue
When a brother and sister fall in love with the same man, ensuing events shatter a traditional Marathi family. Based on Sachin Kundalkar's novel.
THE STRANGER
Secrets, violence and a conspiracy send family man Adam Price on a desperate quest to uncover the truth about the people closest to him.
Elisa & Marcela
In 1901 in Galicia, Spain, Elisa Sánchez Loriga adopts a male identity in order to marry another woman, Marcela Gracia Ibeas. Based on true events.
New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees sued a former teammate Monday for allegedly advising him to invest $160,000 in tax credits that turned out to be bogus.
Article continues below ...
The suit filed on Brees' behalf in federal court claims former Saints long snapper Kevin Houser, a licensed securities broker, mishandled the star quarterback's money and failed to disclose his own financial interests in the investments he was promoting.
Several other teammates and coaches sued Houser for allegedly advising them to invest a total of roughly $2 million to buy nonexistent tax credits from a defunct movie studio. Brees' lawyer, Daniel Becnel Jr., said his client had held off on joining them in suing to see if their dispute could be resolved out of court.
"We gave them an opportunity to settle," Becnel said. "We didn't want to file suit. We've been trying to negotiate with them."
Meanwhile, former New Orleans Saints tight end Jeremy Shockey and former Saints defensive coordinator Gary Gibbs reached separate settlements Monday with Houser over the same investment deal. Terms were confidential.
"The parties are happy to have this behind them," said Fred Herman, a lawyer for Shockey and Gibbs.
Houser's attorney didn't immediately return a call seeking comment.
Saints head coach Sean Payton reached a separate settlement with Houser last month. Former Saints defensive end Charles Grant still has claims pending against Houser that are scheduled to be tried later this month.
Wayne Read, who once ran Louisiana Film Studios LLC, is the only person to face criminal charges over the investment deal.
Read was sentenced to four years in prison after he pleaded guilty in May 2010 to fraud charges. Read never invested the money necessary to obtain the tax credits he sold to his investors, who wanted to use them to reduce their state income-tax liability, according to federal prosecutors.
More than two dozen team members were among Read's victims. Grant paid $425,000. Payton paid $144,000. Former Saints star quarterback Archie Manning and Shockey each paid $80,000.
Two men accused of terrorism-related offences remanded in custody
Updated
The older brother of Australia's suspected first suicide bomber and a co-accused have been remanded in custody after being charged with terrorism-related offences in Queensland's south-east.
Agim Kruezi, 21, from Boronia Heights, and Omar Succarieh, 31, from Kuraby, both south of Brisbane, briefly appeared in Brisbane Magistrates Court this morning.
Kruezi faced five charges, including unlawfully possessing a sawn-off .22 calibre semi-automatic firearm.
A detailed charge sheet also showed he allegedly recruited people for the Islamic State jihadist group between July 2013 and September 2014 to fight in Syria and Iraq.
Succarieh, brother of Abu Asma al Australi who is suspected of being the first Australian suicide bomber to die in Syria, faced three charges.
They included making funds available to Jabhat al-Nusra, which was linked to Al Qaeda, between August 2013 and September 2014.
He also allegedly prepared for "incursions into foreign state" between February 2014 and March 2014, and unlawfully possessed a growth hormone.
The pair were remanded in custody until their next court appearance on October 17.
They were arrested yesterday after a 12-month counterterrorism operation involving federal and Queensland police.
Anti-terrorism officers carried out nine simultaneous raids, including at the iQraa Islamic Centre at Underwood, south of Brisbane.
AFP Assistant Commissioner Neil Gaughan said there was no evidence an attack was being planned in Australia.
But he alleged there was evidence of terrorism-related activity.
"There was sufficiency of evidence to progress and this was not a hasty decision and due to public safety concerns we really had no option but to proceed," he said.
"Australians travelling offshore to engage in, or support terrorist activities or conflict present a significant threat to Australia's national security, both in foreign countries and upon their return to Australia."
The raids came a day after the head of Australia's domestic spy agency, David Irvine, said the country's official terror threat level could be upgraded in the coming days.
ASIO's director-general told the ABC's 7.30 on Tuesday the threat had been building in Australia over the past year and he had an "elevated level of concern".
The Federal Government has confirmed the threat of a terrorist attack in Australia has moved "above moderate" because of the involvement of Australians in the Middle East war zone.
Queensland Premier Campbell Newman said the Islamic community should not be blamed for the alleged activities of a few individuals.
"Now more than ever I call on Queenslanders to show the tolerance and friendship for which we're all renowned," he said.
"This is not about a religion, this is about people who are allegedly involved in planning criminal acts."
Topics: courts-and-trials, crime, terrorism, logan-central-4114, kuraby-4112, boronia-heights-4124, syrian-arab-republic
First posted
Basel forward Breel Embolo has been linked with some of Europe's top clubs.
Breel Embolo will not leave Basel in the January transfer window, according to the Swiss club's sporting director.
Switzerland forward Embolo, 18, is regarded as one of Europe's most promising attackers and has been linked with Manchester United, Arsenal and Liverpool as well as Wolfsburg.
However, he is under contract until 2019 and Basel sporting director Georg Heitz told Tages Anzeiger: "We've agreed that there will be no transfer in the winter."
He added: "He feels he is still at the right place in Basel, and you should not underestimate Breel. He's a very intelligent young man.
"He will make no mistake when choosing his next employer."
The Cameroon-born striker, who acquired the Swiss citizenship in December 2014, has already won seven caps for Switzerland and is tipped to be squad member at the European Championship next summer.
It took only a week for a new record number of bald eagles to be counted on Lake Coeur d'Alene.
Carrie Hugo, a U.S. Bureau of Land Management wildlife biologist, counted 372 eagles (323 adults and 49 immature), Thursday.
That's 58 more than last week's record count and 99 more than the previous record of 273, set on Dec. 29, 2011.
Wildlife biologists don't know for sure why there are so many eagles this year. But early cold temperature in Canada may have pushed the bald eagles south sooner than normal, said Suzanne Endsley, a spokeswoman for the Bureau of Land Management Coeur d'Alene District.
Frozen lakes make it hard for bald eagles to hunt for fish.
“Also, the kokanee salmon population has (been) rebounding over the past several years creating an abundant food source. The kokanee is spawning and the eagles are taking full advantage,” Endsley said in an email.
Normally the eagle population peaks around the third week of December, she said.
“It will be interesting to do a count that week and see if they have already moved on or if we have even more!! This is definitely a record migration year,” she said.
The 49 immature eagles won't have the eye-catching “bald” head until about age 4. The eagles flock to the Wolf Lodge Bay area to hunt for spawning kokanee.
Last year's peak eagle congregation was 260.
There will be no shortage of targets for hopeful eagle watchers this year. Good eagle viewing points around Wolf Lodge Bay include Higgens Point and turnouts off Highway 97, including Mineral Ridge.
Eagle watching cruise boat tours can be booked at the Lake Coeur d'Alene Cruises website.
I learnt a few basics of AngularJS here and here and now I am making a giant leap and implementing first screen of our Ng Addressbook which will look like this:
So let's get into it. In this post we are going to discuss some important concept of Angular called Scope. A scope is a JS object that holds info of both data execution. In short $scope variable acts as both controller and model as it sits between them. You can learn further about scope here. When you don't explicitly define a $scope, Angular uses $rootScope which is visible within code block where you initiated your angular App. In previous post we were able to access {{Name}} variable because $rootScope was defined.
Ok now our code is expanded a bit and also divided into multiple files. First check the html part:
main.html <!doctype html> <html ng-app="ngAddressBook"> <head> <title>Ng Addressbook</title> <link href="main.css" rel="stylesheet" media="screen" /> </head> <body> <div ng-controller="ngAddressListController"> <div id="container"> <h1>Ng Address Book</h1> <h3>There are <span id="count">{{getTotalContacts()}}</span> Contacts So far</h3> </div> </div> <script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angularjs/1.3.1/angular.min.js"></script> <script src="main.js"> </script> </body> </html> 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 < ! doctype html > < html ng - app = "ngAddressBook" > < head > < title > Ng Addressbook < / title > < link href = "main.css" rel = "stylesheet" media = "screen" / > < / head > < body > < div ng - controller = "ngAddressListController" > < div id = "container" > < h1 > Ng Address Book < / h1 > < h3 > There are < span ids = "count" > { { getTotalContacts ( ) } } < / span > Contacts So far < / h3 > < / div > < / div > <script src = "https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angularjs/1.3.1/angular.min.js" > </script> <script src = "main.js" > </script> < / body > < / html >
A separate JS file now has been added which looks like this:
main.js function ngAddressListController($scope) { $scope.contacts = [ {first_name:'Jane', last_name:'Doe'}, {first_name:'Jhon', last_name:'Doe'} ]; $scope.getTotalContacts = function () { return $scope.contacts.length; }; } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 function ngAddressListController ( $ scope ) { $ scope . contacts = [ { first_name : 'Jane' , last_name : 'Doe' } , { first_name : 'Jhon' , last_name : 'Doe' } ] ; $ scope . getTotalContacts = function ( ) { return $ scope . contacts . length ; } ; }
I will do it step by step.
<div ng-controller="ngAddressListController"> defined a controller having name ngAddressListController for this purpose ng-controller directive was used. Ok all seems good and now let's run this code.
OOps! Blank page. I don't think I did anything wrong. On Chrome console I found following error:
I followed the link given in error which had the following text:
Error: error:modulerr
Module Error
Which means that I have not defined an application module. Upon further investigation on Internet and asking on Stackoverflow I found that newer versions of AngularJS has killed the concept of defining controller globally. Let's make changes in main.js.
main.js angular.module('myApp', []) // add a controller to it .controller('ngAddressListController', ['$scope', function ($scope) { $scope.contacts = [ {first_name:'Jane', last_name:'Doe','Phone':'123-456789','Email':'jane@example.com'}, {first_name:'Jhon', last_name:'Doe','Phone':'123-456789','Email':'jhon@example.com'} ]; $scope.getTotalContacts = function () { return $scope.contacts.length; }; // }]); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 angular . module ( 'myApp' , [ ] ) // add a controller to it . controller ( 'ngAddressListController' , [ '$scope' , function ( $ scope ) { $ scope . contacts = [ { first_name : 'Jane' , last_name : 'Doe' , 'Phone' : '123-456789' , 'Email' : 'jane@example.com' } , { first_name : 'Jhon' , last_name : 'Doe' , 'Phone' : '123-456789' , 'Email' : 'jhon@example.com' } ] ; $ scope . getTotalContacts = function ( ) { return $ scope . contacts . length ; } ; // }]);
Here I defined an Angular Module, ngAddressBook which then adds a ‘method‘, controller with required parameters. Here I passed name of controller in first param and then $scope object with function to process it.
Since our application is a ContactBook, I add a contact object with properties that will hold data. The method getTotalContacts() return count of obect Array
Now, I have to list down these records on my front page. The page will now look like this:
main.html <!doctype html> <html ng-app="ngAddressBook"> <head> <title>Ng Addressbook</title> <link href="main.css" rel="stylesheet" media="screen" /> </head> <body> <div ng-controller="ngAddressListController"> <div id="container"> <h1>Ng Address Book</h1> <h3>There are <span id="count">{{getTotalContacts()}}</span> Contacts So far</h3> <table> <tr id="h"> <td>First Name</td> <td>Last Name</td> <td>Phone</td> <td>Email</td> </tr> <tr ng-repeat = "contact in contacts"> <td>{{contact.first_name}}</td> <td>{{contact.last_name}}</td> <td>{{contact.Phone}}</td> <td>{{contact.Email}}</td> </tr> </table> </div> </div> <script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angularjs/1.3.1/angular.min.js"></script> <script src="main.js"> </script> </body> </html> 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 < ! doctype html > < html ng - app = "ngAddressBook" > < head > < title > Ng Addressbook < / title > < link href = "main.css" rel = "stylesheet" media = "screen" / > < / head > < body > < div ng - controller = "ngAddressListController" > < div id = "container" > < h1 > Ng Address Book < / h1 > < h3 > There are < span ids = "count" > { { getTotalContacts ( ) } } < / span > Contacts So far < / h3 > < table > < tr id = "h" > < td > First Name < / td > < td > Last Name < / td > < td > Phone < / td > < td > Email < / td > < / tr > < tr ng - repeat = "contact in contacts" > < td > { { contact . first_name } } < / td > < td > { { contact . last_name } } < / td > < td > { { contact . Phone } } < / td > < td > { { contact . Email } } < / td > < / tr > < / table > < / div > < / div > <script src = "https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angularjs/1.3.1/angular.min.js" > </script> <script src = "main.js" > </script> < / body > < / html >
Here you see another directive, ng-repeat. ng-Repeat is used for loop. So we re iterating contacts object and displaying our desired results. When you run it, it will show what we saw above. Simple, isn't it?
I have also pushed this code on my github account so that you can download and play with it. Get the code from here.
As always, your comment, feedbacks and corrections are welcome.
Current methods of Ebola detection utilize enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay ("ELISA") detection kits which cost approximately $1,000 each, require complex instrumentation, trained medical professionals to administer, and up to 12 hours from testing to diagnosis. The kits require the unbroken refrigeration of reagents from point of manufacture to point of use (the "cold chain"), making the ability to diagnose in remote areas, where refrigeration is often nonexistent or unreliable, highly problematic if not impossible. Uninterrupted refrigeration requirements and lengthy time to confirm diagnosis are particularly challenging in situations such as airports, travel check points and triage situations, where rapid diagnosis is essential in effectively treating, containing and ultimately eradicating the spread of the deadly virus, and other similar infectious and highly contagious diseases. The temperature-controlled supply line, or “cold chain,” is critical in order to prevent reagents from becoming chemically inert, an irreversible process which destroys their effectiveness. However large areas of the world lack sufficient infrastructure and adequate resources (e.g. electricity, refrigerated trucks and reliable on site refrigeration) to maintain the cold chain. It is estimated with early diagnosis and medical treatment, Ebola fatality rates of up to 90% would decline by approximately 50%.
The epicenter of the current 2014 outbreak has been in the West African countries of Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone whose sparse medical infrastructure, belief system and cultural norms around burial customs have sparked an unprecedented global health crisis. Ebola has spread across the world for the first time, fueling fears of a pandemic and concerns that the disease could genetically mutate and eventually become airborne. As of May, 2015 the CDC estimates in excess of 11,000 fatalities, forty times greater than the second most deadly outbreak in 1976 in Zaire in the first documented incidence of the virus with 280 fatalities. Early diagnosis is essential to containing the rate of infection and the spread of the disease; according to the CDC, in late 2014 cases in Liberia were doubling every 15 days, and every 30 days in Sierra Leone. It can take up to 21 days for a person infected with the Ebola virus to develop symptoms, at which point they become increasingly contagious with a diminished chance of survival, as the virus becomes more virulent the longer the incubation period prior to diagnosis, intervention and treatment.
My research developed a "stable and stored at room temperature" Ebola Assay Card (EAC), readily applicable in detection of diseases such as HIV, Lyme, Yellow/Dengue Fevers and certain cancers, building on the proven stabilizing properties of silk fibroin, that will allow for water-activated detection of Ebola antigens, with detection limits that are analogous to current sandwich ELISA techniques. This EAC will allow for shipment and storage on site without refrigeration, and provide detection based on color change in less than 30 minutes of Ebola viral antigens in individuals when they are still asymptomatic and/or in less advanced stages of the virus, when the severity of transmission is less acute and the likelihood of recovery is highest.
Sixty-one Armenia-bound monkeys were seized in Tanzania last week in the latest manifestation of the South Caucasus country's role in the exotic-animals trade.
The monkeys were about to take a flight from the Kilimanjaro International Airport on March 25, when local authorities prevented what they described as a large-scale wildlife theft – despite a ban on such exports, plans existed to whisk out of Tanzania a total of 450 monkeys, according to the country's Minister for Natural Resources and Tourism Jumanne Maghembe, the local Daily News reported. Maghembe has fired several senior officials over the scandal.
The Yerevan-based Zoo Fauna Art company told News.am that it had ordered the 61 monkeys and did so in full compliance with Tanzanian law, but it did not claim ownership of the other would-be travelers. The company's director, Artur Khachatrian, claimed that the two Dutch nationals of Armenian origin whom police arrested in connection with the incident were just friends of his who had decided to use the flight to send some “luggage” to Armenia.
Brothers Artyom and Edward Nalbandian were arrested on smuggling charges. In 2013, Artyom Nalbandian, who owns a private zoo in Armenia, was embroiled in another wildlife scandal, when an investigative report by Hetq.am alleged that he had illegally acquired an endangered bonobo primate.
Having exotic animals as pets or held in private zoos long has been a fad of Armenia's rich. In 2014, residents of one Yerevan district complained about lions roaring in the neighborhood. A year before, tiger cubs were found roaming the streets of Etchmiadzin, a town near Yerevan.
Earlier this year the British tabloid The Daily Mail ran a damning story about a rundown, private animal enclosure, described as the saddest zoo in the world, in the northern Armenian town of Gyumri. A local activist group has helped to find new homes for the derelict bears and lions abandoned there.
The database of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES), an agreement to which Armenia is a signatory, does not appear to have exhaustive information on Armenia's export/imports of wildlife. CITES data claims, however, that Armenian imports of mammals dropped sharply between 2011 and 2013, the latest year shown. http://dashboards.cites.org/national?id=AM The database shows that Armenia imported 50 cholorocebus monkeys that year.
Armenia, though, is not alone in its love of exotic animals – though perhaps in its sales of smoked crocodile for New Year's.
In Georgia, the former political boss of the Black Sea region of Achara, Aslan Abashidze, once kept a flock of ostriches. In the same region, ex-Prime Minister Bidzina Ivanishvili now keeps a private zoo with lemurs, penguins and at least one zebra.
Animal-rights activists throughout the South Caucasus long have targeted restaurants and hotels which keep bears in cages to entertain visitors, but, so far, the practice, like private zoos, persists.
Image copyright Justin Sullivan/AFP/Getty Image caption Uber has been testing self-driving cars
Uber has fired the engineer accused of stealing secrets from Google-owner Alphabet after he failed to assist with an investigation related to the lawsuit.
Anthony Levandowski, previously worked on self-driving car technology at Waymo, owned by Alphabet.
He is accused of downloading 14,000 confidential files before leaving the company in 2016.
Uber denies it is using stolen technology.
In a court filing last month, Uber maintained its technology is different. It described the claim that employees brought files to Uber with the goal of creating "copycat" technology as "demonstrably false."
Mr. Levandowski has declined to testify in the case, launched in February.
The firing was confirmed by an Uber spokeswoman, who said it was effective Tuesday.
Mr Levandowski had already been removed from working on the self-driving car technology at the heart of the suit.
He started working at Uber in August 2016, when the firm bought Otto, the self-driving truck start-up he had created in the six months after leaving Google.
He declined to testify earlier this year, citing his right to avoid self-incrimination.
Uber maintains its technology is different to Waymo's and says there isn't evidence the files are on its servers. But its search did not include Mr Levandowski's computer.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption Engineer Anthony Levandowski has declined to testify in the legal battle between his two former employers
Judge William Alsup, who is overseeing the case in San Francisco, earlier ordered Uber to return the thousands of "pilfered" files in question by the end of the month.
A spokeswoman for Uber said the firing occurred after Mr Levandowski failed to meet the deadline that would allow Uber to cooperate with the judge's order.
Word of the firing was sent to employees on Tuesday.
Attorneys for Mr Levandowski could not be reached for comment immediately.
There are high school teachers who are incredible, inspiring, and role models for students everywhere.
Gregory Hendrix isn't one of those teachers.
He used to teach at Bentonville High School in Arkansas. But when one of his football players decided to quit the team in order to join the cheerleading squad, Hendrix allegedly called the student a “faggot” and a “fucking queer” and was subsequently fired.
He's now at Mills University Studies High School in Little Rock and things have only gotten worse.
Recently, Hendrix decided to show The Passion of the Christ in class. When students complained about it, leading to a reprimand, he went off on a rant the next day.
He didn't realize that his speech was being recorded:
… your First Amendment right to peacefully assemble in this classroom and to have free speech was ruined by one person. A liberal. I keep telling you, when Democrats are offended by something, or they don't agree with it, they want to shut it down, they want to ban it, and they want to censor it. … Liberals want political correctness, and they want free speech, but they can't have 'em both at the same time. But that's what they want. It doesn't work like that. You see all these idiots running around… and, you know, I'm not a Donald Trump supporter, okay? You see all these idiots running around protesting at these rallies and stuff, or his presidential rallies, they were paid to do that. Come out last week and all this week. They were paid to do that. $3,500 a person, by George Soros and some of his liberal foundations… … Let this be your first lesson in liberalism. Democrats 101… Don`t say “Jesus” in school. Oh, don`t say “Jesus” in school. But we can push Islam on you, and gay rights, and all this other stuff. All of that is acceptable. But, don't say “Jesus”… The sooner you learn it, the better off you'll be in life. I keep telling y'all I'll never understand how blacks can support the Democratic Party. It just blows my mind. All they do is convince y'all that whoever the Republican nominee is, is gonna take away food stamps and all this stuff. Put you in chains and send you back to Africa. Well, shit, if that was gonna happen, they'd have done it a long time ago, don't you think? has a Republican ever done that? No. Here's the bottom line on Republicans, 'cause I am one. Actually, I'm a constitutional conservative. We just want you to get off your ass and go to work and be productive members of society and quit mooching off the government. Because someone's paying for that: Me. … Your First Amendment right to free speech and to peaceful assembly has been violated. And if I were you all, I would take that person, I'd go complain to [Principal Duane] Clayton about it. That's what I would do. And he already knows 'cause he agrees, and he'll tell you the same thing I just did… … The First Amendment protects groups like the KKK. It protects groups like #BlackLivesMatter. It protects groups like the Black Panthers… MoveOn.org… To me, they're all terrorists. Every damn one of them, they're terrorists. Everyone of them. But their right to offend you is protected by the First Amendment.
Needless to say, he's full of shit.
Free speech doesn't mean you can promote Christianity in the classroom. You can't promote Islam, either. The people protesting outside Trump's rallies weren't paid anything for it, much less #3,500 apiece. No one believes Republicans want to re-enslave black people; however, Republican policies routinely affect the African-American community in a negative way. And Hendrix has no idea what the word “terrorism” means.
After he finished complaining, he told the students they'd watch Star Wars in class… because Passion of the Christ was out of the question. Makes you wonder when he actually, you know, teaches them anything.
This sounds like a good time to point out that the plot of God's Not Dead 2 is all about how persecuted Christians are in the classroom. The whole movie makes no sense because Christians are rarely the victims. If anything, they're the bullies. People like Hendrix are proof of that.
Not that pro-Christian groups will acknowledge that. Just wait and see how many of them publicly denounce his actions and words. You'll be waiting a long time.
Incidentally, the ACLU of Arkansas and Arkansas Society of Freethinkers have successfully gotten Hendrix suspended as a result of the recording. What happens to him in the long term has yet to be decided.
(Thanks to Brian for the link)
Sevilla's director of football, Monchi, recently gave an extensive interview to Jot Down, in which he discussed Real Madrid's signing of Sergio Ramos. "It was the final day of the transfer window and Florentino stumped up the fee to pay for Ramos's release clause. That was one of the nights that I've cried as a director of football because of a feeling of impotence", he said.
Monchi confessed that prior to joining Sevilla, he almost made a move to Real: "I went to Castilla for a week to try it out. The manager was Vicente del Bosque. I didn't really like the trial. I was involved in training for two days, but on the third I said I was leaving".
He also discussed some players that joined Sevilla at that point. "To begin with 'El Cholo' didn't really catch the eye because technically speaking he was nothing special, but he went on to show what a great player he was. He was a manager on the pitch. He organised and barked orders…".
When he was asked about the best tactician he has worked with, Monchi was in no doubt: "Luis Aragonés. I could see that with him in charge players knew exactly what they had to do".
Monchi also had time to comment on some of the signings Sevilla have made in the past, such as Dani Alves and Ivan Rakitic: "It took a lot of work for Dani to integrate into the team. I'm grateful to Rakitic, because he's such a great professional, because of how he helped the club and because of his performances".
3 Australian tourists fall from Phuket resort balcony
PHUKET: Three Australians had to be rushed to hospital in Patong last night (September 30) after horseplay on the balcony of their hotel room turned into horror.
By Eakkapop Thongtub
Wednesday 1 October 2014, 11:25AM
The three were staying at the Gracelands Resort. Image Google Street View
The hotel called police and rescue workers at 8pm after the three fell from the third floor of the Phuket Graceland Resort and Spa on Thaweewong Rd. The three, all aged 24, were named as Timothy Jean Cover, Timothy Paul Hanson and Richard Anthony Jones. A hotel staff member said, “They were hanging out and drinking on the hotel balcony. They were chatting loudly and teasing each other, pushing each other around, when, unexpectedly, all three fell off the balcony to the court yard.” Mr Hansen and Mr Jones suffered light injuries but Mr Cover hit his head on landing, and had to be put on a respirator before being rushed to hospital.
NEW YORK -- There was a full-scale boardroom battle for the future of the Sacramento Kings in a Manhattan hotel on Wednesday involving dueling billionaires, politics and real estate.
It included a push from the Kings' current ownership to move the team to Seattle and a pitch by a Sacramento group led by mayor Kevin Johnson that he believes is compelling enough to thwart the move.
A month after saying the Sacramento group needed to improve its offer, NBA commissioner David Stern said the monetary offers from the groups "is not one of the issues."
But the league might have to delay its planned owner vote on a matter that was scheduled for April 19 so it can sort through construction schedules, lawsuits and other issues that will truly separate the bids.
With the offers now apparently so tight, the city that can promise to get a new arena open fastest might end up with the edge.
"We've never had a situation like this," Stern said. "There's a lot at stake here."
Franchise relocation has been a relatively constant part of NBA business over the decades. The Kings franchise itself has called five different cities home since starting in 1948. But this situation is unique because the two cities fighting for the Kings now both have assembled compelling bids that include new, deep-pocketed ownership and competing arena deals with support of taxpayers and local governments.
In a league that has made generating cash and getting publicly funded new buildings a long-standing priority, it appears to be a win-win situation. But there's going to be a loser and a fan base without a team. Stern reiterated Wednesday there are no plans for expansion at this time.
The two sides made their pitches to a small group of owners and team representatives that make up the finance and relocation committees. That group will make a recommendation to the league's full Board of Governors on April 18 and 19. It was hoped this would be settled at that meeting, but now it's not clear when a final vote will be taken.
The Seattle group is led by investor Chris Hansen and Microsoft billionaire Steve Ballmer. They started this process rolling in January when they signed a deal to buy 65 percent of the Kings from the financially troubled Maloof family for $340 million and immediately put in a bid to relocate the team.
It's safe to say that Glenn Beck has been one of the most extreme and certainly one of the most insane right-wing hosts in the media. I never thought I'd write something good about Glenn Beck, but, for a brief minute on Monday, Beck had a moment of sanity that is sure to generate fury from fellow conservatives.
During his radio program, Glenn Beck practically endorsed marriage equality, something not even a handful of Senate Republicans are willing to do. Beck stated that the fight for marriage equality is now about freedom, which is what America is all about, and that is why marriage equality proponents are winning the argument. But that wasn't the end of it. At the conclusion of his short commentary on the subject, Beck called marriage equality a “principle” that “is right,” thus signaling that hell must have frozen over sometime in the last 48 hours.
BECK: “Why have we been arguing about marriage? We have been so foolish…it is not about gays, it is not about homosexuals, it is not about any of them. It is about freedom and the reason why they have won is because they have made it about freedom! And freedom, everyone basically understands freedom. That more freedom, not less, and so the argument has been ‘Who are you to tell me what I can and can not do?' And by saying ‘Well because it always is! What's happened?,' you've lost, and by doing so, by not turning into it soon enough, what's happened is you've been painted into a corner of a bigot! That's why they have won, because the principle of it is right. The principle is easy to understand. Who are you to say?”
Here's the video:
Glenn Beck has not exactly been a friend to the LGBT community over the course of his career, and the LGBT community hasn't been particularly fond of Beck either. That may change given these recent statements. But now that Beck has said this wonderful thing about marriage equality, the only question is how long will it be before he reverses himself? I guess we'll have to reluctantly stay tuned.
Nevertheless, Glenn Beck's statement is a big score for marriage equality and it gives hope to same-sex couples and those who support marriage equality everywhere that perhaps soon, other conservatives will follow Beck's example. After all, if Glenn Beck can reach a logical conclusion, or see the light, to put it in the Christian Right vernacular, so can others.
This weekend's episode of SBS's “Running Man” will have another special guest making an appearance to help the show members with their missions.
A source stated that, in the March 12 episode of the show, Song Ji Hyo reaches out to her younger brother to help her complete her mission.
Lee Kwang Soo, who is Song Ji Hyo's “business younger brother” on the show, asks her real younger brother to reveal something about Song Ji Hyo. Rather than protect his sister's image, Song Ji Hyo's brother plainly reveals secrets about her personal life, which stuns Song Ji Hyo.
His sudden confession creates a bond of mutual understanding and sympathy between Lee Kwang Soo and Song Ji Hyo's younger brother.
Plus, Song Ji Hyo utilizes her network of friends and calls actor Lee Dong Wook, who she has been good friends with for a long time, to help her with another mission.
Meanwhile, it was confirmed earlier this week that actor Park Bo Gum will be making an appearance on the March 12 episode of “Running Man” as well.
This episode of SBS's “Running Man” airs on Sunday, March 12 at 6:25 p.m. KST.
Source (1)
Editor's note: Arsalan Iftikhar is an international human rights lawyer, founder of TheMuslimGuy.com and legal fellow for the Institute for Social Policy and Understanding in Washington.
Washington (CNN) -- It is clearly stated in Article 5 of the U.N. Universal Declaration of Human Rights that, "No one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment."
Adopted in 1948 by the U.N. General Assembly, in addition to outlawing torture categorically, this international treaty was to be used as a common standard for international law and outlined -- for the first time ever -- fundamental human rights to be protected anywhere around the world.
Included under the category of "cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment" would most certainly be the impending death by stoning of a 42-year-old Iranian mother for the alleged crime of adultery.
Sakineh Mohammadie Ashtiani -- a mother of two -- could be stoned to death at any moment under the terms of a death sentence that Iranian authorities handed down in 2006.
Originally sentenced to 99 lashes for her alleged "illicit relationship outside of marriage," Ashtiani endured that corporal punishment in front of her then-17-year-old son in 2006. She was subsequently cleared of murder charges against her husband, but the judicial panel then re-examined Ashtiani's adultery sentence, and based on unspecified "judges' knowledge," bizarrely decided that she should be put to death by stoning for the alleged affair.
"At that time, it should have been finished. They should have punished her only once," said her son Sajjad, now 22. "Her documents say she is innocent. She already paid for the crime."
According to Amnesty International, the Iranian penal code specifies the procedures for death penalties and also specifies the types of rocks that should be used in stoning executions. Article 102 of the Iranian penal code states that "men will be buried up to their waists and women up to their breasts" for the purpose of execution by stoning.
Article 104 states, with reference to the penalty for adultery, that the stones used should "not be large enough to kill the person by one or two strikes; nor should they be so small that they could not be defined as stones." This makes it abundantly clear that the purpose of stoning is to inflict maximum pain in a process leading to slow death, which would be tantamount to "cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment" under the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Sakineh Ashtiani, who is from the northern city of Tabriz, was convicted of adultery in 2006. Some human rights lawyers believe that a language barrier prevented her from fully comprehending court proceedings at the time. She is of Azerbaijani descent and speaks Turkish, not Farsi.
In 2006, she was forced to confess after being subjected to 99 lashes, according to human rights lawyer Mohammad Mostafaei in Tehran. She later retracted that confession and has denied wrongdoing in the matter.
Furthermore, her conviction was based on the determination of three out of five judges, which is strange because Article 74 of the Iranian penal code clearly requires at least four eyewitnesses -- four men or three men and two women -- for an adulterer to receive a stoning death sentence.
"The majority of those sentenced to death by stoning [in Iran] are women, who suffer disproportionately from such punishment," Amnesty International further highlighted in a 2008 report.
In light of the recent developments in Ashtiani's case, the prominent human rights group recently has made a new call to the Iranian government immediately to halt all executions and commute all death sentences within Iran. Thus far, Amnesty International has recorded more than 126 executions of all forms in Iran from the start of this year to June 6 alone.
"The organization is also urging the [Iranian] authorities to review and repeal death penalty laws, to disclose full details of all death sentences and executions and to join the growing international trend towards abolition [of the death penalty]," Amnesty International recently said in its public statement regarding the case of Ashtiani.
Here in Washington, the State Department also has criticized the scheduled execution by stoning, saying that it raises serious concerns about human rights violations by the Iranian government.
"We have grave concerns that the punishment does not fit the alleged crime," Assistant Secretary of State P.J. Crowley recently said in a statement. "For a modern society such as Iran, we think this raises significant human rights concerns."
Calling Iran's judicial system "disproportionate" in the disparate treatment of the nation's women, Crowley said, "From the United States' standpoint, we don't think putting women to death for adultery is an appropriate punishment."
Sadly, with all of her legal appeals virtually exhausted, Ashtiani's son has been recently told by the Iranian courts that there is only one thing that can stop his mother's imminent execution.
"They told me if Iranian supreme leader Ayatollah [Ali] Khamenei ... or Judiciary Chairman Sadegh Larijani grants my mother a letter of pardon, [only then] she will go free."
Thus far, Ashtiani's loyal son has traveled to Tehran more than six times to obtain that letter of clemency but has yet been unable to gain an audience with either man. If the grand ayatollah and/or Iranian judiciary chairman have some human decency and respect for international law, they would immediately draft a letter of pardon for Ashtiani, finally realizing that only those people without any sin have the moral right to cast the first or last stones.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Arsalan Iftikhar.
Frank Seravalli TSN Senior Hockey Reporter Follow|Archive
MONTREAL — Auston Matthews was not surprised when he saw his name posted as the extra forward ahead of Team North America's first training camp practice at the Bell Centre this week.
He didn't arrive expecting to be handed a starring role — even as the much-hyped No. 1 pick.
That's not really a big deal on this team. Matthews was the third No. 1 overall pick on his line alone when he rotated through with Nathan McKinnon and Ryan Nugent-Hopkins. Team North America is home to five of the last six top picks (sorry, Nail Yakupov).
“Right now, I'm the youngest guy here, the 13th forward,” Matthews said Tuesday. “Everybody here has experience in the NHL and I haven't, so I definitely need to earn my way up the lineup. I'm happy to be here. I want to earn as much ice time as I can and I want to get better as the tournament goes on.”
Cutting away from the hyperbole, there is no way to set a realistic expectation for Matthews in the upcoming World Cup of Hockey — even though the Maple Leafs and Leafs Nation will be salivating during the two-week preview.
No one, not even Matthews, can offer even the faintest guess at his impact.
Custance: Matthews would have easily made U.S. national team Craig Custance of ESPN.com, covering the World Cup of Hockey in Montreal, joins Naylor & Landsberg in the Morning to discuss the upcoming tournament and what Auston Matthews' chances would have been of making the squad.
The truth is that Matthews' introduction to the big time will be just as unique as his path to the NHL. No top pick since Eric Lindros played for Canada at the 1991 Canada Cup has dipped their toe into the deep end like this to start their career.
Team North America head coach Todd McLellan called the rise in competition level awaiting Matthews “immense.”
“He's going to experience the world's best right off the bat,” McLellan said. “He's played against some really good players at the world junior, [pro] and world championship level, but never as concentrated per country as it is right now.
“It's baptism by fire. But just being around him for two days, he's very capable of handling that.”
Despite his initial slot as the 13th forward, Matthews will be a big part of North America's plans moving forward if McLellan's praise after just two days is any indication. Matthews skated on a regular line with those same players on Tuesday and took shifts on the power play.
“He's done a really good job,” McLellan said. “The Leafs will have a really good player for many, many, many years.”
McLellan had one word to describe Matthews: wow. The Oilers' coach said the Leafs prospect shares a lot of characteristics with Edmonton star Connor McDavid.
“They are different players, but the wow factor, the maturity, the size, the strength, the poise with the puck, the ability to pick up concepts really quick,” McLellan said, pointing out some similarities. “And for me, he's not intimidated at all by any of the players that are out there.”
There will be hiccups and mistakes for Matthews. The coaching staff is expecting that - even for the most skilled and experienced Under-24 players.
McLellan said the key for Matthews will be to stop “asking for permission.”
There was a moment in McDavid's third game last year, McLellan recalled, where he stopped tip-toeing around and let loose. McDavid's first two games, in St. Louis and Nashville, showed flashes of brilliance, but no sustained control of the play. That changed during a stop in Dallas, which, not coincidentally, was the site of his first NHL goal.
“He was less respectful to the league and to his teammates — in a good way — and I think he just went and played,” McLellan explained. “From there on, he realized that he could do it and be himself. I think young players need to give themselves permission at some point to excel.”
Buffalo Sabres centre Jack Eichel said that's easier said than done, even if he scored in his first NHL game.
“That helps,” Eichel said, laughing.
But Eichel said there was a certain “feeling out process” that came along with last season, aided by a full training camp and preseason. Matthews will have just three World Cup exhibitions before playing for keeps on Sept. 17.
“It's like ‘Wow, I'm in the NHL,'” Eichel said. “You're stepping up against guys you've watched your whole life. It's a little weird at first, but you get used to it. After you get used to it and you realize you can play and make an impact and be the player that you are, that's when you succeed. It's what makes you successful. You're your own player for a reason. You got yourself here playing your game.
“I think it's important to stay true to who you are as a player.”
Matthews has deference to his teammates who have already accomplished more, but it sounds like he may need less coaching than McDavid to stop asking for permission to fly.
“I want to go out there and play and not take a backseat to anybody,” Matthews said. “You know, I want to just do what I do, and I'm pretty comfortable doing it … It's the top of the top. I've never played at this level. There's going to be a little adversity, but I think it's going to help in the long run.”
Contact Frank Seravalli on Twitter: @frank_seravalli
Originally Posted by Tdawg Originally Posted by
So the first annual EDS is in the books, and we have all the information you need to see how this season will finish. We had good participation with 32 people participating in this event--which gives us statistical credibility for the data. Bear in mind, I'm not hear to offer personal opinions--other than making fun of stupid projections. I'm simply here to present the data in a meaningful way.
At the heart of this projection is a simple mathematical exercise of averaging the Percent Chance that ED says we have of winning each game, summing those up, and coming to a projected win total. Below, you'll see the percent chance that ED says we have of winning each game:
Southern Miss - 93.8%
UA Birmingham - 93.6%
@ S. Alabama - 89.3%
@ LSU - 36.7%
Texas A&M - 64.2%
Auburn - 53.5%
@ Kentucky - 73.8%
Arkansas - 73.7%
UT Martin - 97.0%
@ Alabama - 19.4%
Vanderbilt - 76.3%
@ Ole Miss - 52.0%
Trent Boult sold for Rs. 3.8 crore to Sunrisers Hyderabad (SH)
New Zealand marquee player and bowler, Trent Boult was sold for a whopping Rs. 3.8 crores to Sunrisers Hyderabad in the 2015 IPL auctions being held at Bangalore on Monday. Boult, who was based price for Rs. 50 lacs would be playing his maiden IPL in the 2015 season. Indian Premier League 2015 schedule: IPL 8 match time table with venue details
“The 2015 Pepsi IPL Player Auction will mark the beginning of the countdown to the eighth season of one of the most popular sporting events on the planet. The Auction promises to be eventful. The Franchises have returned to the drawing board, reworked plans and devised new strategies, over the previous few months. They will have the opportunity to bid for some of the biggest names in the game,” Ranjib Biswal was quoted to the iplt20.com.
LIVE Auction: IPL 2015
Credit: Jim Lee/Scott Williams/Alex Sinclair (DC Comics)
Updated August 29, 2017 at 5:09 p.m. EST: Since the posting of the inked cover earlier this morning, Jim Lee has now shared the cover to Absolute Wildc.a.t.s. with colors by Alex Sinclair - a former WildStorm editor and art director.
Credit: Jim Lee/Scott Williams/Alex Sinclair (DC Comics)
Original Story: Jim Lee has posted his Scott Williams-inked cover for the upcoming Absolute Wildc.a.t.s. Lee hasn't said who would be coloring the new piece.
Take a look:
Credit: Jim Lee/Scott Williams (DC Comics)
The hardcover collection is scheduled to be released December 27. Here is the full solicitation:
ABSOLUTE WILDC.A.T.S HC
Written by BRANDON CHOI, JIM LEE, SCOTT LOBDELL, ERIC SILVESTRI, CHRIS CLAREMONT and others
Art by JIM LEE, SCOTT WILIAMS, MARC SILVESTRI and others
Cover by JIM LEE and SCOTT WILLIAMS
Twenty-five years ago, Jim Lee premiered the legendary team known as WildC.A.T.s and help launch Image Comics. Now, Jim's entire WildC.A.T.s run is collected for the first time in one oversized Absolute volume, including WILDC.A.T.S #1-13 and #50, CYBERFORCE #1-3, WILDCATS #1 and WILDC.A.T.S/X-MEN: THE SILVER AGE #1. This edition also features remastered color for WILDC.A.T.S #1-4, the unpublished script for WILDCATS #2 and a new cover by Jim Lee!
On sale DECEMBER 27 • 624 pg, FC, 8.25” x 12.5” • $125.00 US
Imagine you're sitting at home, comfortable on the couch, watching the Food Network, when all of a sudden a heavily armed SWAT team breaks down your door and storms into your living room.
That's what happened to 18-year-old Stephanie Milan, who was watching TV in her family's Evansville, Ind., home last Thursday (June 22), when a team of police officers broke down her storm door — the front door was already open — and tossed a flash-bang stun grenade into the room.
"The front door was open," Ira Milan, Stephanie's grandfather and the property owner, told the Evansvile Courier & Press. "To bring a whole SWAT team seems a little excessive."
[Wi-Fi Warping Wallpaper Keeps Hackers Out]
Turns out, however, that the SWAT team had the address wrong.
The Courier & Press said the police had been investigating "anonymous and specific online threats made against police and their families on the website topix.com," and had obtained a search warrant for the Milan house. An Evansville police officer said one of the threats that came from the Milan household mentioned explosives and said, "Evansville is going to feel the pain."
Whoever made these threats, the Courier & Press said, likely remotely routed them through the Milan's open Wi-Fi connection, which means it could have been used from an outside location. It's possible the Milans, or specifically Stephanie, were targets of "swatting," a particularly nasty prank by which the perpetrator — often through hoax 911 calls — tricks a SWAT team into raiding a house of his choosing.
Last July, Parry Aftab, a prominent Internet security advocate, became the victim of such an attack. Police swarmed her northern New Jersey home after pranksters placed a 911 call through a computer that cloned her number and said a man had killed four people and was holding another hostage in her house.
It beggars belief that at a time when all Liberal guns should be squarely focussed on the destructive ‘tax and bludge' policies announced by Labor at their recent conference, a cabal of arrogant narcissistic Liberal MPs seek to tear the government apart over the frivolity of same-sex marriage. It's not as if Labor didn't serve up a platter of socialist policies that demand a united centre-right counter-attack, including Bob Carr's insidious ‘Let's recognise Palestine regardless of what that means for the fate of Israel' motion.
Yet instead of seizing this golden opportunity to unite conservatives and Liberals behind the one issue they should truly be passionate about – tax and spend – a handful of homosexual MPs took it upon themselves to decide now is the time to fire up the ultra-divisive and niche gay marriage debate, with a threat to cross the floor over the issue. To the delight, no doubt, of those within the Labor party wise enough to realise just how disastrous Mr Shorten's economic plans would prove to be for our economy, the antics of the Pink Liberals have ensured Labor's plans now escape appropriate scrutiny.
This magazine has frequently criticised Malcolm Turnbull, Scott Morrison and Julie Bishop for their less-than-satisfactory leadership of the government. But at least on the same-sex marriage issue, unlike others, they have thus far remained true to their commitment to the electorate and core values. However, no matter how passionately an individual may feel about this particular topic – on both sides of the debate – same-sex marriage pales into insignificance in terms of national importance when compared with the wanton vandalism Bill Shorten and his money-grasping cronies intend to inflict upon the productivity and prosperity of this nation.
Make no mistake: the reason same-sex marriage remains such a sore point in some corners of Australia is the fault of Labor and the Greens, who together refused to allow the public their say at the election-mandated plebiscite due to take place last February. This was a highly cynical ploy, but the Australian public are not stupid. They can smell Labor's hypocrisy, and this alone makes them more determined to have their own say on the issue.
Of course, the real reason that the Left fought so stridently against the plebiscite, despite having previously supported it, was the obvious fear that they would lose. What if the people cast their votes and a majority respond ‘thanks but no thanks' to gay marriage? What then? As with recent Republican shenanigans, we can expect activists to simply ignore the people and push for an alternative path forward. It will be interesting to see whether, in the event that a postal plebiscite is proposed, the LGBTIQ crowd – fearing a potential loss – suddenly decide that this, too, is unacceptable to gays.
This magazine supports homosexual couples being allowed to ‘marry' under whatever terminology or laws the nation deems appropriate, so long as any new legislation does not alter existing freedoms of religion and dissent. In and of itself, however, gay marriage has long ceased to be about a man and a man or a woman and a woman who are in love with each other being formally permitted to acknowledge that fact. This became clear when the entire LGBTIQ community, with virtually no exceptions, supported Labor's cynical anti-plebiscite stance, proving that what could be a reasonably straightforward issue has instead taken on a far broader cultural and political import. Indeed, along with ‘belief' in climate change, ‘marriage equality' has become a critical battle field to be won or lost in the culture wars. This is a real shame, particularly for gays, who have become the latest ‘useful idiots' in the Left's jackboot-stomping march through Australia's once-revered traditional institutions.
Sadly, the ‘slippery slope' argument, once sneered at by the Left, has been borne out by events. In Adelaide's City of Marion council, for instance, councillors are wandering the streets investigating organisations seeking grants to determine whether or not they fly the rainbow flag to ensure, according to the Australian, ‘that only gay and lesbian-friendly organisations could access funding.'
Meanwhile, over in the UK, an idiotic policy to allow men and women to legally determine their own gender without any doctor's certificate has been proposed. Tellingly, the relevant minister, Justine Greening, has claimed that this is the logical next step on from gay marriage, and even more tellingly, she has asserted that ‘people do want to see our major faiths keep up with modern attitudes'. How long until that ‘wish' becomes legally enforceable?
More fools the gaggle of gays within the Liberal party who have fallen for the Left's fairly obvious trap. For the sake of pandering to the faux praise of the anti-democratic and anti-Christian SSM crowd, these Liberal MPs risk plunging their own party into turmoil and seeing their own government replaced by a high-taxing, spendthrift, anti-growth, union-dominated, pro-Palestinian, climate-delusional, neo-Marxist Labor one. Nice work, boys.
So, last week we and the Kurds and the Iraqis – or the Kurds and the Iraqis and us – went and did a hostage rescue mission in Islamic State (IS) territory. It was, by all accounts, a highly successful mission: hostages were freed, the base the hostages were in was then obliterated by the US Air Force, and ‘we*' lost only one man to combat (Master Sgt. Joshua Wheeler). As combat raids in a war zone go, this one ended very well.
Assuming, of course, you're allowed to call it ‘combat,' and you're allowed to call it a ‘war.' Which is to say: you're not a member of the Obama administration. Secretary of Defense Ash Carter, courtesy of Andrew Malcolm:
“[The raid] doesn't represent us assuming a combat role. It represents a continuation of our advise-and-assist mission. And I said right from the beginning….when we find opportunities to do things that will effectively prosecute the (anti-ISIS) campaign, we're going to do that.”
…I'd feel bad that SecDef Carter apparently has to peddle that kind of mealy-mouthed nonsense if he wants to keep his job, except that nobody forced Carter to take the job in the first place. Andrew Malcolm has some other choice quotes from other administration officials trying to not admit that, yeah, we're in a war right now and there are going to be more Americans dying in it' it makes for fascinating reading. One wonders how those officials can still talk, given the way that they keep tying their own tongues into knots.
I probably don't even need to explain why the Obama administration is doing this, but I will anyway, for the benefit of any historians from 2142 AD who might be morbidly trying to make sense of it all: the administration is stuck between not one, but two cleft sticks. Cleft Stick #1: Barack Obama was elected by a political party whose most hardcore supporters still labor under the delusion that a fairly low-grade invasion/occupation/reconstruction of two Middle Eastern countries was ZOMG THE WORST DISASTER IN AMERICAN HISTORY BLOOD FOR OIL UTTER FAILURE QUAGMIRE !!!!!111!!!!ONE!!!1 …OK. You can maybe work around it.
Ah, but then there's Cleft Stick #2: Barack Obama managed to withdraw American forces in a way that allowed the war that George W. Bush** had already won then be lost. This might have been overlooked, except that Islamic State is just simply awful. And I'm talking a literal Death God Cultist kind of awful: slave markets, blood-stained altars, mass human sacrifice, apocalyptic death fantasy ideology, the whole package. It's like a Conan the Barbarian story come to life; the only thing that's lacking is actual snake-god imagery. It's so bad that even Western media can't ignore it… which means that the Obama administration kind of needs to get control of the narrative (and slaughter some death cultists), if only because eventually Questions Will Be Asked. The questions may not actually be asked until 2017, but they'll still be asked.
And thus we come to last night's little revelation, courtesy of the Washington Post: “President Obama's most senior national security advisers have recommended measures that would move U.S. troops closer to the front lines in Iraq and Syria, officials said, a sign of mounting White House dissatisfaction with progress against the Islamic State and a renewed Pentagon push to expand military involvement in long-running conflicts overseas.” I wouldn't bother reading the rest of the article, though: it can can be safely dismissed, alas. Why? Because if you do a word search on it and type in ‘Vietnam' you won't get a single hit. I think that I've said this before, but let me say it again: considering how much the Left loves to harp on Vietnam, you'd think that they'd be more aware of how our involvement in that conflict actually went.
(Image via Debra Sweet)
Moe Lane (crosspost)
*We don't actually really know how many Kurd or Iraqi troops were killed during this raid.
*Who was a better President, in every conceivable way and by any objective measure, on his worst day than Barack Obama is on his best.
A motorist retrieved this “big box of blood” from the middle of a Madison street on Sunday. Credit: Madison police
SHARE
By of the
The incident Sunday afternoon on Zeier Road in Madison could have gotten bloody fast.
Instead, thanks to a quick-thinking motorist, a misplaced box of donated human blood was retrieved from the middle of the street and eventually returned to the American Red Cross.
"The good news is it was not struck by a car or truck, and was undamaged: good to go," Madison police said in their online incident report.
The driver, a 68-year-old Stoughton man, spotted the large box in the street near the East Towne Mall around 2:30 p.m. Sunday. He stopped and got out to inspect it and found the words "HUMAN BLOOD" on the box.
The man put the box in his trunk and quickly flagged down an officer, yelling that he had just found a "big box of blood, human blood," the incident report said.
On closer inspection they saw the box belonged to the Red Cross, which asked that it be brought to its Sheboygan Ave. location.
How did the box end up in the street? A lab technician told police that a volunteer who was transporting six boxes from a satellite location likely left one of the boxes on a car, and it ended up in the street.
But ultimately, no harm done. Police notified the driver that "his potentially life-saving find had arrived 'safely' at the Red Cross."
Billionaire restaurateur Tilman Fertitta says the city of San Francisco shouldn't force its restaurants to pay for its employees' healthcare, the San Francisco Chronicle reported Wednesday.
Fertitta is the president and CEO of Landry's Inc., a dining corporation that owns several well-known food chains, including Bubba Gump's Shrimp Co., Claim Jumper and Rainforest Cafe. He is also the star of the CNBC show “Billion Dollar Buyer.”
Fertitta says he has to charge more for menu items in San Francisco because the “Healthy SF Program” mandates that certain businesses pay for their employee's healthcare. He ultimately blames regulation for the increased prices at his restaurants and believes President Trump can make it easier for businesses to operate by rolling back regulations.
“Why should the city of San Francisco be able to do absolutely whatever they want to do?” Fertitta said.
“We have a 3 percent or 4 percent or 5 percent add-on to the menu because they make us give all our employees full healthcare. We can't afford to do it,” he said.
Fertitta started out peeling shrimp in his father's restaurant and is worth nearly $3 billion and employs 60,000 workers according to CNBC.
0 of 6
Joe Robbins/Getty Images
On fall Saturdays, it can be easy to overlook the fact the players who suit up for the biggest college football teams across the country are still students. They have to juggle academic responsibility with football, combining long hours in the classroom and the film room, the study hall and the locker room.
An important part of any college student's life is declaring the major he or she wants to study, and college football players are no different. The majority of players in Power Five conferences, excluding underclassmen who are still new to campus, have declared majors and are working toward degrees as they go through their football careers.
For a majority of programs in the major Power Five leagues, finding a player's major can be as easy as looking up his hometown, measurables and stats on the team's online roster. So what do the numbers say about the most popular majors in major college football?
After months of tallying the results, here is a conference-by-conference breakdown of the most popular majors for Power Five conference football players. A few schools without major listings online had to be contacted directly, and a couple of teams didn't have information available by the time this was originally published.
Last year, I focused on clusters of majors—business, communication, etc.—to determine the most popular courses of study for Power Five football players. This year, I am focusing primarily on the individual majors and looking for the top ones across the country.
The following slides contain a top-10 list for each conference and the top major for each Power Five team, along with a final tally at the end. For a more detailed breakdown of each individual school, check out this spreadsheet.
Samsung Electronics began production of `A9,` the application processor (AP) for Apple`s next-generation smartphone. It applies the 14nm FinFET, the cutting-edge microprocess for system semiconductors, for the first time. SEC`s foundry business picked up momentum again.
According to industry insiders on December 11, SEC began production of Apple`s A9 in the Austin plant in the US using the 14nm FinFET technology. Samsung has production lines capable of FinFET process production in Austin, US and Giheung, Korea, but began to produce A9 only in Austin as it is in the initial stage.
SEC originally said it would start production of the 14nm FinFET chip at the end of this year, but did not disclose whether the company received an order from Apple for the production of A9 chips or whether the production line is actually running. SEC has shown confidence in the yield of the 14nm FinFET process, and supplied samples as good as finished products early enough.
The Austin plant began official production first at Apple`s request, and industry insiders said it is a move to produce the chip in the US, not Korea. They guessed that the Austin plant was chosen because of the next-generation chip`s problems with performance security and supply.
The initiation of the A9 chip production enabled SEC to recover the foundry quantities from Apple, which have been discontinued for some time, and get the upper hand in the 14nm FinFET technology competition with TSMC, killing two birds with one stone.
Apple and SEC virtually stopped AP production as they were embroiled in patent litigation back in 2012. SEC preoccupation of the 14nm FinFET technology led to resumption of the cooperation between the two tech giants.
However, it`s too early to relax yet. Taiwan`s TSMC began the risk production of the 16nm FinFET plus (16FF+) process, and began to produce chips in July earlier than originally anticipated Q3, getting ready in a hurry. As Apple is adjusting the A9 chip production quantity shuttling between SEC and TSMC, if TSMC`s production line is stabilized in the future, there is no knowing how SEC will respond.
SEC`s foundry business was hit hard when Apple orders stopped. Although the entire semiconductor business is booming, securities companies predict that the system LSI business, including the foundry business, will suffer a loss to the tune of KRW800 billion this year. SEC is expected to recover sales loss to a certain extent with the production of Apple A9.
“We said we would inject production wafers when we announced Q3 performance,” said SEC. “But we cannot confirm whether we received orders from Apple or at which plant it will be produced.”
Bae Ok-jin | withok@etnews.com
삼성전자, 14나노 핀펫 적용한 애플 A9 양산 돌입
삼성전자가 애플의 차세대 스마트폰에 적용할 애플리케이션프로세서(AP) ‘A9' 양산을 시작했다. 시스템반도체용 첨단 미세공정인 14나노미터 핀펫(FinFET)을 처음 적용한 것으로 삼성의 파운드리 사업이 다시 탄력을 받게 됐다.
11일 업계에 따르면 삼성전자는 미국 오스틴 공장에서 14나노 핀펫 기술을 적용해 애플의 A9 양산을 시작했다. 핀펫 공정으로 양산할 수 있는 생산라인은 미국 오스틴과 한국 기흥에 갖췄으나 양산 첫 단계인 만큼 오스틴에서만 양산을 시작했다.
삼성전자는 당초 14나노 핀펫 칩 양산을 올 연말에 시작할 예정이라고 언급해왔으나 애플로부터 A9 칩 생산 수주 여부나 실제 양산라인 가동 여부는 밝히지 않았다. 그동안 회사는 14나노 핀펫 공정의 수율에 자신감을 보였고 완제품 수준의 샘플도 일찌감치 공급했다.
오스틴 공장이 정식 양산을 먼저 시작한 것은 애플 측의 요청으로 한국이 아닌 미국에서 생산하기 위한 것이라고 업계는 분석했다. 차세대 칩의 성능 보안, 공급 등의 문제 때문에 오스틴 공장을 선택했다는 예측이다.
A9 칩 양산으로 삼성전자는 끊겼던 애플의 파운드리(수탁생산) 물량을 복구하고 TSMC와의 14나노 핀펫 기술 경쟁에서 우위를 점하는 두 마리 토끼를 모두 잡게 됐다.
애플과 삼성전자는 지난 2012년 특허 소송을 벌이면서 AP 생산을 사실상 중단했다. 삼성전자가 14나노 핀펫 기술을 선점하면서 실질적인 협력에 다시 물꼬를 튼 셈이다.
하지만 아직 안심할 수는 없는 상황이다. 대만 TSMC가 16나노 핀펫플러스(16FF+) 공정의 위험생산(리스크 프로덕션)을 시작했고 당초 3분기로 예상했던 칩 생산을 7월 수준으로 앞당기며 채비를 서두르고 있기 때문이다. 애플이 삼성전자와 TSMC를 오가며 A9 칩 생산물량을 조정하고 있어 향후 TSMC 양산 라인이 안정되면 어떤 방식으로 견제할지 알 수 없다.
삼성전자 파운드리 사업은 애플 물량이 끊기면서 타격을 입었다. 증권가에서는 전체 반도체 사업은 호황이지만 파운드리 사업을 포함한 시스템LSI 사업부문이 올해 약 8000억원대 손실을 입을 것으로 예측했다. 애플 A9 생산 수주로 영업 손실을 일정 수준 이상 회복할 것으로 기대를 모았다.
삼성전자 측은 “지난 3분기 실적 발표에서 양산용 웨이퍼를 투입했다고 밝혔다”며 “하지만 애플로부터의 물량 수주 여부나 구체적인 생산 공장 등은 확인해줄 수 없다”고 답했다.
배옥진기자 | withok@etnews.com
According to a new report, the Greenland Ice Sheet lost one trillion tons of water due to melt during the four-year period from 2011 through 2014. That's about double the typical rate of loss during the 1990s through mid-2000s. Subsequently, Greenland's contribution to sea-level rise also doubled. As a result, Greenland alone contributed 0.75 mm of sea-level rise every year during the 2011 to 2014 period.
(The above video briefly explains the findings of a new scientific study indicating a doubling in the rate of Greenland melt during 2011 through 2014.)
Bear in mind, the study focuses on Greenland only. Those numbers don't include thermal expansion from the world's warming oceans. Nor do they include an increasing amount of melt from Antarctica. Nor do they include large volumes of melt coming from the world's rapidly disappearing mountain glaciers. Together, all of these in total are pushing sea levels higher by around 4 mm per year during the 2011 through 2016 period. That's about 1 mm more per year than the 1993 to 2009 period. But the greater additional contribution appears to be coming from melting glaciers in Greenland and Antarctica.
The new Greenland Study found that melt averaged around 250 billion tons per year over the four-year period. This included a single melt year, 2012, in which Greenland contributed about half a trillion tons of melt water. The massive 2012 melt was spurred by high Greenland surface temperatures during summer which resulted in spiking surface melt rates during June, July, and August. At the time, a powerful high pressure system focused heat across the ice sheet which caused most of the surface area of Greenland's glaciers to experience melt.
According to the study:
During 2011–2014, Greenland mass loss averaged 269 ± 51 Gt/yr. Atmospherically driven losses were widespread, with surface melt variability driving large fluctuations in the annual mass deficit. Terminus regions of five dynamically thinning glaciers, which constitute less than 1% of Greenland's area, contributed more than 12% of the net ice loss. This high-resolution record demonstrates that mass deficits extending over small spatial and temporal scales have made a relatively large contribution to recent ice sheet imbalance.
In other words, melt at the margins of the ice sheet and large surface melt pulses during brief periods were the primary contributors to increasing melt rated during the study period.
(Annual mass losses from Greenland and Antarctica are accelerating. This results in increasing rates of global sea level rise. While mass loss in Antarctica has recently primarily been driven by basal melt, surface melt has been the chief contributor to Greenland mass loss. In addition, the highly variable nature of surface mass loss along with its tendency to create brief, intense melt pulses is some cause for concern. Image source: Charting Ice Sheet Contributions to Global Sea Level Rise.)
The study found that surface melt rates were highly variable and dependent upon weather — with a strongly negative North Atlantic Oscillation contributing to conditions that enhanced melt during 2012. In this case, it appears that natural variability is beginning to be pushed by human-forced warming into a phase where certain years will preferentially further enhance Greenland melt. To this point, the tendency for large surface melt spikes was found to have increased during recent years. In contrast to Antarctica, where warming oceans contact glacial cliff faces and ice shelf undersides to accelerate melt, in Greenland, surface melt appears to currently be playing a bigger role in driving melt acceleration.
Surface melt can produce odd and unstable patterns of melt ponding and runoff over large ice sheets like Greenland. And as Greenland continues to warm due to human-forced climate change, an increasing risk of glacial outburst floods can be the result. The highly variable nature of surface melt is also a concern. In other words, overall warming can produce extreme, if brief, periods of warmth over Greenland that produce disproportionately large melt spikes. In this case, 2012 should not be seen as an outlier, but as the first of many future strong surface melt years — ones that will almost certainly surpass that year in melt intensity unless human-forced warming is somehow brought to a halt.
Links/Attribution/Statements
A High Resolution Record of Greenland Mass Balance
Excellent Comment on the Paper By Slate writer Phil Plait
Charting Ice Sheet Contributions to Global Sea Level Rise
Glacial Outburst Flood
Hat tip to Colorado Bob
Advertisements
Hope. Fear. Excitement. Traveling for the first time provided me with wave of conflicting emotions. When I left to travel the world, I didn't know what to expect. I wasn't well traveled and was as green as they come. No one I knew had ever done this before. To compensate for my lack of preparedness, I followed my guidebooks and wet my feet with tours. I was young and inexperienced, and I made a lot of rookie travel mistakes.
A big sign hung over my head that said “I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I'M DOING.”
Now, with 10 years of travel under my belt, I know better. If I could sit my younger self down before he left for his world trip, I would give him this advice:
Don't be scared.
Fear is a powerful deterrent. Taking the leap into the unknown is scary, but you aren't the first person to travel the world. You aren't discovering new continents or exploring uncharted territories.
There is a well-worn travel trail out there and people to help guide you along the way. If millions of people can make their way around the world each year, so can you.
You may feel scared and nervous but you're just as capable as anyone else.
Don't live by your guidebook.
Guidebooks are useful for a general overview of a destination, but you'll never find the latest off-the-beaten-path attractions, bars, or restaurants in them. For the best stuff, connect with locals to find out what is hot right now. Ask other travelers or the hostel staff for recommendations.
People are your best resource for up-to-the-minute travel information. Unless a guidebook is digital and updated often, it's probably out of date, so don't live and breathe by it.
Travel slow.
It can be tempting to try to see it all. With limited vacation time, we are always trying to squeeze everything in — rushing through 20 cities in 20 days, or 100 countries on our round-the-world trip. In the end, all we have to show for it are photos, stress, and a whirlwind of experiences but no real knowledge of the places we went.
(After you try to rush through Australia, you'll be burnt out and realize you saw everything but nothing at all. You'll wish you did it slower.)
Don't rush your trip. Make time to spend a relaxing day in the park or just sitting in a café people watching. Slow down. It gives you time to drink deep from a culture and take it all in.
Get people's contact information.
You will make a lot of friends on the road. Some of them will become lifelong friends. But sometimes you don't get their contact information and you regret it forever (you'll still wonder what happened to that amazing couple you met in Panama!). Facebook and e-mail make it easy to stay in touch with people for years after your trip, so get people's contact information! Don't let your new friends fade into memory.
You don't need a lot of gear.
When you went to Costa Rica in 2003, you brought a bag filled with tons of stuff — hiking boots and pants, a fleece jacket, too many clothes, and more toiletries than a CVS. It all sat in your bag, taking up space, as you lugged them across the country.
The lesson: Pack light. You'll have less to carry. Buy a small bag so you aren't tempted to pack everything under the sun. If you truly need something, you can pick it up as you go.
Trust me, you won't need as much gear as you think!
Get a phone.
You'll meet a lot of people on the road who you will want to see again. While Facebook can be handy for staying in touch, it isn't ideal for planning meet-ups when people are constantly on the move. Did your friends get the message? Will they be there?! Who knows!
Cheap phones and SIM cards are available worldwide. Invest in one so you can stay in touch with your new friends. That way you won't wonder if you were stood up or if your friends just changed their plans and went to Rome.
Go with the flow.
When every day is planned out and there are timetables to follow, you get stressed. Very stressed. You rush. And when you plan too much, there's no room to experience the happy accidents of travel.
Put some flexibility into your schedule and go with the flow. Plan one or two activities and let the rest of the day happen. It'll be a more enjoyable and less stressful experience. You'll be surprised by what happens (like when your friend invites you to an island in Thailand and you stay a whole month).
Let life unfold.
Take extra money.
Travel isn't as expensive as you think — you'll travel through Asia on $15 a day or Europe on $40 — but you'll learn there are always unexpected expenses.
Have a cushion! No matter how well you budget, you can never plan for all the disasters or itinerary changes (like how you'll suddenly fly to Fiji and learn to scuba dive). No matter how well you plan, something can always come up and throw your budget out of whack.
Take more money than you think you'll need. You'll be happy you did.
Don't be so shy.
I know you are an introvert. I know you worry about what people think. It takes courage to talk to strangers but everyone is in the same boat. All around you are other solo travelers looking for friends. They want to meet new people too.
Just say “hello” and everything else will fall into place. Ask to join people's drinking games and conversations in hostels. No one ever says no. Take the first step. Take off your headphones, turn to the person next to you, and say hello.
You have nothing to lose and, in the process, this is how you'll get over your shyness, make new friends (and end up at a few weddings), and get better at conversation.
Be adventurous.
I know you don't like heights. I know you don't like sports. And while you'll hurt your tailbone, you won't regret jumping off the boat in the Galápagos. You may have screamed like a girl, but you loved that canyon swing. And, in the end, didn't those maggots taste good?
Challenge yourself. Take risks. Try new things. You may hate some, but you won't regret any of it. You'll walk away more self-confident.
You aren't stuck.
If you hate traveling and aren't having fun, stop and rest. Spend a few extra days in Amsterdam or Sydney. Relax. If you still hate travel when you get back on the road, go home. There's no shame in that.
It's better to try and fail than never try at all. Always remember you can go home if you aren't having fun. You aren't stuck with your decision to travel.
You are not alone.
Wherever you go, there is a network of travelers who will be your friends, give you advice or tips, and help you out. They will guide you, point you in the right direction, and be your mentors. You aren't out there on your own. You will make friends. You will be OK. Though you are traveling alone, you will never be alone.
I know you're nervous about heading out into the unknown. That's normal. It's human nature to worry, but you make it on your trip and become a better person because of your travels.
So take a deep breath, relax, and enjoy!
READ NEXT —> 61 TIPS TO BECOMING A MASTER TRAVELER
With around 1,400 HP between them, the new Aston Martin DB11 and the Vulcan track-beast were unleashed on the famous hill climb at the 2016 Goodwood Festival of Speed.
Coming straight from the Geneva Motor Show, where it made its world premiere this spring, the most powerful production DB model ever, the DB11, celebrated its local dynamic debut by unlocking the 600 HP and 700 Nm (516 pound-feet) of torque produced by the 5.2-liter twin-turbo V12 engine on the narrow road on Lord March's estate.
Having the DB11 breathing on its neck, the Aston Martin Vulcan returned to the UK event, one year after it made its world premiere, to prove that its more than 800 HP, delivered from a naturally-aspirated 7.0-liter V12 petrol engine, are still enough to send shivers down your spine.
While the two high-performance vehicles were being demonstrated on the hill climb, at the Supercar Paddock, Aston Martin had the Vantage GT8 on display, while its more powerful twin, the V12 Vantage S, was showcased in the Michelin Supercar Paddock.
VIDEO
Here's a simple MBA lesson: borrow money to buy things that go up in value. Borrow money if it improves your productivity and makes you more money. Leverage multiplies the power of your business because with leverage, every dollar you make in profit is multiplied.
That's very different from the consumer version of this lesson: borrow money to buy things that go down in value. This is wrongheaded, short-term and irrational.
A few decades ago, mass marketers had a problem: American consumers had bought all they could buy. It was hard to grow because dispensable income was spoken for. The only way to grow was to steal market share, and that's difficult. Enter consumer debt.
Why fight for a bigger piece of pie when you can make the whole pie bigger, the marketers think. Charge it, they say. Put it on your card. Pay now, why not, it's like it's free, because you don't have to repay it until later. Why buy a Honda for cash when you can buy a Lexus with credit?
One argument is income shifting: you're going to make a lot of money later, so borrow now so you can have a nicer car, etc. Then, when money is worth less to you, you can pay it back. This idea is actually reasonably new–fifty years or so–and it's not borne out by what actually happens. Debt creates stress, stress creates behaviors that don't lead to happiness…
The other argument is that it's been around so long, it's like a trusted friend. Debt seems like fun for a long time, until it's not. And everyone does it. We've been sold very hard on acquisition = happiness, and consumer debt is the engine that permits this. Until it doesn't.
The thing is, debt has become a marketed product in and of itself. It's not a free service or a convenience, it's a massive industry. And that industry works with all the other players in the system to grow, because (at least for now) when they grow, other marketers benefit as well. As soon as you get into serious consumer debt, you work for them, not for you.
It's simple: when the utility of what you want (however you measure it)
is less than the cost of the debt, don't buy it.
Go read Dave Ramsey's post: The truth about debt.
Dave has spent his career teaching people a lesson that many marketers are afraid of: debt is expensive, it compounds, it punishes you. Stuff now is rarely better than stuff later, because stuff now costs you forever if you go into debt to purchase it. He's persistent and persuasive.
It takes discipline to forego pleasure now to avoid a lifetime of pain and fees. Many people, especially when confronted with a blizzard of debt marketing, can't resist.
Resist. Smart people work at keeping their monthly consumer debt burden to zero. Borrow only for things that go up in value. Easy to say, hard to do. Worth it.
Mitch Kupchak, once the long-tenured general manager for the Los Angeles Lakers, may not be done in his career as a front office executive.
He is known for his success at spotting and evaluating talent in the NBA draft (and he was at the 2017 combine doing just that even without a job) as well as his many championship-caliber teams in Los Angeles. Kupchak still brings lots of value to a team despite a messy divorce from the Lakers.
The GM who once landed Pau Gasol from the Grizzlies has recently met with a few professional teams, though it's unclear if the occasions were just an informal visit.
He may be a candidate for an advisory role, however, for various teams around the league.
Washington Wizards
Mitch Kupchak was in attendance at #Wizards practice today — Candace Buckner (@CandaceDBuckner) October 9, 2017
Ernie Grunfeld, the general manager of the Wizards, is a longtime friend of Kupchak. The two met in 1976 and were also seen together in Las Vegas for NBA Summer League this offseason.
Kupchak played for the Washington Bullets from 1976 until 1981, taking home NBA All-Rookie First-Team honors in 1977 and an NBA title in 1978.
Once the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) Player of the Year, Kupchak is originally from the East Coast.
Houston Rockets
During perhaps the most infamous moments in his playing career, Kupchak got in a fight with Hakeem Olajuwon during the 1986 Western Conference Finals.
Olajuwon, a former No. 1 overall pick for Houston, now has a statue outside of the arena for the Rockets. But that didn't stop Kupchak from meeting up with Houston GM Daryl Morey at a recent practice. Morey and Kupchak have previously worked together on a trade for Jeremy Lin.
Trevor Arizona and Tarik Black are two players on the Rockets who were on the Lakers when Kupchak ran the front office.
Dallas Mavericks
Mitch Kupchak among the visitors at Mavericks practice Wednesday. — Eddie Sefko (@ESefko) September 27, 2017
Before he met with either the Wizards or Rockets, Kupchak was spotted at the practice facility for the Mavericks.
Kupchak traded Lamar Odom to Dallas in December 2011 shortly after his attempt to land Chris Paul, which used Odom as a centerpiece, was vetoed by the NBA.
Mavericks owner Mark Cuban once revealed his team nearly agreed to a trade for Kobe Bryant in 2007, which if true, would have been executed by Kupchak.
COMPLETE COVERAGE | 2016 GENEVA SX
Browse through our archives of GoPro content for more onboard action
Find out more about the GoPro line of cameras
We've said it before and we'll say it again: European SX races rule. With lax rules from promoters, we're able to get certain pieces of content that are completely restricted in the United States. The GoPro is a perfect example and we make it a point to pop a camera on a willing rider's head for their battles on the tight tracks in Bulgaria, France, and Switzerland. We found three more willing competitors at the 2016 Geneva SX and there's certainly something for everyone in the clips below. Watch young Brian Moreau keep his 125cc machine on the pipe , up and comer Brian Hsu run with the SX2 field, and the bar-to-bar battle between Malcolm Stewart and Justin Barcia. Enjoy…
Brian Moreau SX2 LCQ
Brian Hsu SX2 Heat Race
Brian Hsu SX2 Main Event
Malcolm Stewart SX1 Main Event
I've never been a Beastie Boys fan. I discovered Shambala while looking for an online copy of the old Three Dog Night tune. Beastie Boys Shambala hooked me, I had to hear more. Ill Communication didn't disappoint. I love the fusion-hop-acid-trip-jazz-rock-whatever-it-is they do.
This is not the music to listen to while having an anxiety attack. It is a montage of rapped lyrics, world beats, rock and jazz, fusion, and trip-hop, a veritable assault on standardized categories and linear perceptions. Whatever you decide to call it (yeah, even "That ain't music, it's NOISE!"), the Beastie Boys have executed it well. This music is skillfully created, magically blended, and flawlessly engineered.
(If you'd like to discuss this CD or review in more depth, please click on the "about me" link above and drop me an email. Thanks!)
With Congress coming back, next up after raising the debt ceiling is tax reform.
Be skeptical. House Speaker Paul Ryan and President Trump want to cut the top corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 15 percent. They claim this will create jobs. Recent history provides examples of corporations paying less than the 35 percent. Between 2008 and 2015, AT&T paid 8 percent. They actively downsized their workforce while spending $34 million buying back company stock to boost the stock price.
In 2013, airplane manufacturer Boeing received $8.7 billion in tax incentives to maintain and grow its Washington state workforce. Since then, Boeing shed 13,000 workers and reduced the workforce by 15 percent. This is going on while the stock market is at an all-time high and corporate profits are at record levels.
Also keep in mind the health plan the House (under Ryan's leadership) submitted and Trump said he would sign would have knocked millions off Medicaid. They told the people it was a great plan.
My point is read the fine print of the tax plans submitted. Corporations exist to make a profit and provide returns to shareholders. Tax cuts do not guarantee jobs.
Mike Klucsarits
Upper Saucon Township
Greetings, superfans! When we last tuned in, I was just about to “launch” my self-published book. I put that in quotes because it's an awfully serious-sounding word for what was really just doing some clicking on my laptop. If my last post was the climax of my book writing adventure, consider this the denouement. You've been with me this long, it's the least I can do.
I do hold back one detail, though: while I talk about sales here, I won't be putting cash numbers on it. If you try hard enough, you can calculate them yourself, but I feel weird sharing financial details. Strangely, it's not because I'm shy about strangers knowing it as much as I am friends and family. So much room for awkwardness there.
I am a Marketer and I do Marketer-y Things
As I mentioned before, I decided to self-publish about halfway through writing the manuscript. That meant I had to wear all of the hats that a publisher has dedicated noggins for: editor, designer, proofreader, and… marketer. This last one is the least fun for me, but I know it's important.
I read a bit online and what a lot of people said was that email lists are gold. I like that they are pull-based instead of push-based. Instead of jamming myself and my book down strangers' throats, they sign up of their own volition. I only get in touch with the people who actually want to hear from me.
So I created a MailChimp account—chosen over other mailing list providers mainly because of their cute logo—and slapped a little “sign up!” form on every page of the site. Whenever I put a new chapter online, I got a traffic bump and some fraction of those people were kind or foolhardy enough to grant me their email address.
I did this pretty early in the writing process so that I could give it time to grow before the book was complete. By putting the whole book online and releasing it chapterly (like a Dickens serial for the Internet age) I had amassed a surprisingly large list by the time I was ready to try to squeeze money out of them tell them my book was complete. Around 8,000 people, which still seems like a crazy large number to me.
I also, despite the content of my tweets, managed to acquire a fair number of Twitter friends. (I don't like thinking of them “followers”. Celebutants and TEDx thought/cult leaders have “followers”. I just have Internet pals.)
A New Front Page
Now that the book is a product as much as it is a web site, I redid the front page to highlight both of those. It still, of course, links to the web version. And, of course, the entire contents of the book are still readable on the web. But I also added links to the various sites where you could get the print version, Kindle, and EPUB.
I wanted to emphasize the “bookyness” of it, the physicality, so I got out my camera and my macro lens and took a bunch of honest-to-God photos of it:
Wait… if the camera is in the photo, how did I take this shot?
There's something weird and meta about taking a picture of myself taking photos of a book whose cover I designed using a photo I took of an illustration I drew. I should take a picture of myself writing this blog post just to go full Inception.
Next, I spent way too long coming up with a design and text for the front page. Seriously, it took me as long to make what is effectively a glorified list of hyperlinks as it did to write, illustrate, and edit a full chapter of the book. I think it's worth it, though. The front page is the reader's first impression of the book. If I make you feel that page is beautiful and high quality, it's a short hop to having faith that the inside of the book is too.
I ended up with this:
Click to zoom!
This Part of the Blog Post is About Writing a Blog Post
I feel a little squirmy writing this. Like I said, I'm uncomfortable with self-promotion. I hoped, wanted, to get a decent amount of… attention? traffic? validation of my worth as a human? when I announced the for-sale versions of the book. Readers had been asking for them for a while, so I knew there would be some excitement just by saying, “Here they are.”
But that didn't feel really newsworthy to me. There wasn't much to discuss, just “here they are. moneys plz.” People like a story, and I like telling them, especially when the protagonist is yours truly. I've been really lucky to have a lot of encouragement on this project from readers, and I thought one way to say thanks would be to give a window into what the production process was like. It's a side of book-making that I don't see very much online.
Also, it let me blather about fonts for six thousand words. Seriously, the blog post I wrote about turning the manuscript into a physical book is longer than almost every chapter in the book. Clearly, I need an editor.
This also took a lot of time—about a week—but I really enjoyed writing it all down. I did my best to make it an entertaining read. While I hoped it would drive traffic to the book, I did honestly want it to be a worthwhile read in and of itself. I believe that, when played well, life is a non-zero-sum game.
I <3 Filling Out Web Forms
I was ready to upload the new site, and the new blog post. All that was left was to actually make the book available. This involved uploading various files—inside PDF for the print version, cover, EPUB file, MOBI file—to various sites whose forms cover the full gamut of usability. Clicking the final “OK” on CreateSpace, Kindle Direct Publishing, and Smashwords was both nerve-wracking and anti-climactic.
Then the waiting game. Most of these sites do various amounts of automated and manual validation that take time to process. I noticed a typo that forced me to re-upload to CreateSpace. Kindle found a couple of spelling errors (surprising given how many rounds of editing I'd done by now). Smashwords asked me to have an explicit cover page.
Once those were all happy, the listings appeared. If you knew to look for them, you could have bought the book.
CreateSpace and Smashwords also distribute to other sales channels (things like Lightning Source and book stores for the former; iBooks, Nook, Kobo, etc. for the latter). I wanted to wait for those sales channels to populate before I pulled the switch but… well, I got impatient.
As soon as I saw the Amazon page for my book, I just couldn't wait any more. I pushed the new version of the site and the blog post. I wrote an email and blasted the mailing list. I tweeted. I mentioned it on G+.
What I didn't do this time was post it to reddit. It felt a little too self-serving for how reddit rolls. I did post a link to the blog on Hacker News since that crowd is more accepting of self-promotion.
I had tabs open for the Smashwords sales dashboard, CreateSpace royalties, Kindle Direct Publishing sales report, twitter, and Hacker News. I refreshed those suckers like my life depended on it.
Command, We Are Ready for Launch
This moment, as dumb as it sounds, was actually pretty stressful. A surprisingly large number of self-published books just sink to the depths leaving nary a ripple on the surface. You hear horror stories of writers whose novels sell zero copies. Nonfiction is a lot easier, but I still had no idea if people really liked the book enough to drop real cash on it.
Refresh refresh. A nervous sweat trickled down my neck.
A few minutes later, Smashwords reported two sales. Holy shit! Someone bought the book! I was a professional writer!
Then people started retweeting me. Someone posted a blurb about it on the gamedev subreddit and someone else did on the programming subreddit.
People started saying super nice things! About me! It was awesome! Also, I was drinking in celebration at the same time so that multiplied all the good feelings.
How I felt.
I feverishly replied to as many comments, tweets, and emails as I could. (All the while still refreshing the other tabs.) Eventually, I maxed out my serotonin levels and had to crash. Like some candy raver in an E puddle in the back of the chill-out room, I passed out, totally spent.
The Next Day
I woke up the next morning feeling like a kid on Christmas. A kid who wasn't entirely certain he'd been good enough for Santa to bring him presents. Morning coffee in hand, I opened up my laptop and checked all the dashboards.
While I slept, I'd sold enough copies to pay off all of the expenses of the book. That isn't actually that much: all I'd paid for was ISBN numbers, a couple of fonts, freelance copy-editing, and a business license. But, still, I was in the black now.
I replied to as many people as I could and then headed into the office to get some work done spend the rest of the day refreshing my browser. Aggregate sales stats started showing up in the various dashboards:
Kindle sales on the first day.
Smashwords (EPUB) sales on the first day.
CreateSpace doesn't draw a pretty picture for you, but the raw numbers were doing the same thing. I told my coworkers and they got all excited for me.
The rest of the day was basically a blur of responding to people and telling my wife and team how high the numbers were going. At some point, when I refreshed the Amazon page, I noticed a little banner had appeared next to my book:
No way.
It turns out Amazon tracks book sales very quickly. For the brief period of time where I had saturated social media, enough sales were coming in to actually make it the best-selling game programming book for a little while.
Sorry “Learning Python”.
Wait, did I say “game programming”? I meant #1 out of all programming books:
I did a victory lap at this point.
At it's peak, my book was the #7 best-selling book in the entire computer category:
Up there with Minecraft!
Around this time, I started referring to myself in the third person as “best-selling author Robert Nystrom”. Of course, most of the other books in those lists had been there for weeks or months, but I had my moment in the sun and I was committed to making the most of it.
Return to Normalcy
The peak, naturally, only lasted about a day. I was most curious to see what the right side of the graph would look like. Would it fall to zero? A slow trickle? A steady passive income?
When I sent out the email for the book, one thing I asked was for people to write honest, detailed reviews. I figured a book page with a good set of reviews would give it the air of legimitacy for future customers who stumbled onto the book on their own. That in turn would help the book have a longer sales tail.
Because people are awesome and I love every one of them, people did indeed do this. It took a while, but reviews started trickling in.
Other pleasant surprises started happening too. The book finally made its way through the other channels. I put it up on Google Play, and Smashwords got it onto iBooks, Nook, and some other places. I finally figured out a place to sell the PDF. (If you go to the book's site now, these are all listed there.)
In a mistake that I don't understand but can't bear to correct, Apple even decided to spice up my name a bit:
Robert Nyström, now 15% more metal.
Then, a few days later, the most magical part of this whole thing started happening (though, honestly, the umlaut is a close second). That's about how long it took for print copies to get shipped to people.
Soon, friends and family—some who I haven't seen in years—started sending me pictures of their copies of the book. Kind strangers in countries I couldn't find on a map tweeted pictures of themselves opening the shipping box with excitement to see my dumb face staring out at them.
It's hard to articulate how profoundly gratifying that is. Through almost the entire six years I've been working on this book, it's been a purely digital thing. While I spend an astonishing amount of my life on the Internet, it still never quite feels “real” to me.
Is rearranging some polarization on an SSD really making something? Is a few words glowing on an LCD actually communicating with a person, or just some pixelated avatar?
But seeing photos of real live people holding an actual physical thing filled with words and illustrations I put together, and seeing them happy to have it in their hands finally made it click for me that I made something real that actually affected people.
How We're Looking Now
Things have mostly settled down since then, though I do still have lots of email to catch up on (sorry!). Now that the book is in pretty much every sales channel, eBook walled garden, and international site for Amazon, I'm finally getting to the point where I can think of the book as done and put it into the background of my life.
So far, buyers have been trickling in at a decent rate. Here's what my Kindle sales look like as of writing this post:
EPUB is similar, and I think print is too.
The book has been out about two weeks, and I've sold:
796 print copies. 555 in the US, 145 in Great Britain, 95 in Europe, and 1 directly from createspace.com
274 Kindle copies. I'll spare you the per country break-down, but it is really cool to see that I've sold it in India, Japan, Brazil, and other places.
70 copies from smashwords. This is people who wany to buy the EPUB file directly.
7 copies from iBooks. The book only appeared a few days ago, so I expect this to catch up with the other channels over time.
That's a grand total of 1,147 copies sold in the first two weeks. I won't be retiring off of this, but I'm really really happy with that number, and unbelievably grateful to everyone who bought a copy.
While I'm planning to take a good long break from serious projects first, this level of success has certainly gotten me pumped about writing another book. If I do, I'm 100% confident now in my approach of putting the entire book online for free. I'm certain I wouldn't have sold anywhere near this many copies if the book's web site hadn't built an audience who were ready and eager to get their hands on a copy.
It turns out giving something away is a great way to get something back.
Once again the church releases an ‘Official Statement' that makes the hearts sink. My first thought when I read the latest was, ‘lets watch and see how many members will bail', and then over the ensuing hours the exit narratives in the social media began;
‘I've had enough',
‘I can't do this anymore',
‘I'm out'.
We could trust the moral high ground proclaimed in this latest declaration if it didn't produce more questions than it answered, if it softened more hearts than it hardened. But my guess is, it didn't. For homophobic Utah this would be a feather in the cap, a high five to those who think that the price you have to pay for the Kingdom of God is a few back stripes, a good dose of woop fanny, and a severe kick in the arse to any sonovabitch who dares to tamper with and challenge what is clearly ‘RIGHT'. For LGBT folk it'll be an agony, and for Mormon LGBT allies… well speaking as one, they'll be leaving gaps on the pews wondering how much more bigoted intolerance and prejudice they can take.
The first flaw in this missive is that once gain the WHOLE, GLOBAL, WORLDWIDE church is implicated in the political machinations of Utah. As the ultra conservative Utah church responds to the super conservative Utah politics it sends doctrinal ripples out to the rest of the world which means that with impunity they have a habit of dropping very gauche, very noisy, and very foreign eggs in our local nests.
The fact is, there are 20 democracies around the world that have legalized same-sex marriage. The walls of heterosexual marriage haven't imploded in these places, and as a New Zealander I didn't wake upon the 20th August 2013, look at my husband and wonder if I should have married a girl. So as someone who lives in such a country let me give my assurance that its fine – it really is. Its actually better than fine, It's really rather nice and it has made our country kinder and more tolerant as a result. So I don't want our church experience in New Zealand to be contaminated by Utah politics fought out in a climate of nauseating conservatism. It doesn't fit here. Yes, yes – I know the missive was directed at the church in the US, but It's still a statement of religious position and either it is globally relevant, or it isn't doctrine. Which leads me to wonder how it is that God is so overly concerned with Utah State politics at the expense of the numerous universal concerns that the scriptures would indicate so clearly and repeatedly concern Him?
So, I'm hopping mad that Utah church gets to create a sanctioned flashpoint of discussion within our global congregations. Because as Mormons, when it comes to politics, we tend to only talk about approved topics, and when an official announcement is released it then becomes an approved topic. But of all of the political issues that the Brethren could have gotten their knickers in a twist over, why same-sex marriage? Why not condemn the unholy alliance between public and private interests? Why not address the problems with skyrocketing poverty and inequality? Why not be in indignation over human rights abuses? Or here's a good one, why not issue a statement on the abuse and exploitations of girls and women? I just don't think same-sex marriage is worthy of moral outrage. Its not exploitative, its not cruel, it doesn't create poverty, its not a precursor for war, excessive corporatism, or exploitative economics, its not mean, its not intolerant, its not sexist, its not abusive, its not a social disease and it won't steal your car or hold you at knife point. Heck, it doesn't even deny the existence of God. Its simply the legal formalization of a monogamous relationship of choice. And lets face it, It's going to happen anyway because its a nonsense to assume that we can completely turn off our sexual orientation, and thus who we end up loving.
The second flaw is the theological one because it's simply not thorough. It is reminiscent of those racial doctrines that church leaders stood behind with certainty – until they didn't any more. It's plainly a heteronormative narrative pronounced in the name of God for good measure – just like those white racist narratives that simply said, ‘you are denied'. The denial in this case intrudes upon the realm of love and family leaving silences around what same-sex couples are to do about their devotion to each other. What are they to do with the children they may be parenting together? What are they to do with memories they have created together? What are they to do with the belonging they now enjoy in their relationship? How are they to make sense of their experiences of God who has been generous with outpourings of spiritual feeling when they have searched for Him? Is it really enough to say ‘God don't like it'? If it was a robust theology or a doctrine you would have thought God knew enough about his own doctrine to be a bit more comprehensive, enough to answer, even in part, some of these questions.
Years ago, after reading ‘Approaching Zion' for the first time, my friend Chris, who introduced it to me suggested that the only way for the church to flourish and grow is for the headquarters to get out of Utah, or even the United States.
‘Relocate it to Mexico', he suggested.
I'm picking its about time to do just that. Then lets see what issues bubble up for God!
Japan is full of natural wonder and beauty. While Tokyo and Kyoto might get all the attention, there are some jaw droppingly beautiful places in rural Japan. In this multi-part post, we'll explore places which have officially been named, “The Most Beautiful Villages of Japan.”
日本で最も美しい村連合( Nihon de mottomo utsukushii mura-rengō)or “The Association of The Most Beautiful Villages in Japan” was established in 2005 to help conserve and enhance the Japanese rural heritage. As part of their work, the association names certain area of Japan as “the most beautiful villages in Japan”. Towns that receive this recognition get many benefits, such as conservation development, tourism awareness, and government sponsored local craft/food fairs. Currently there are 49 villages that have received this prestigious designation.
FREE GUIDE - 7 HIDDEN SNACK STORES OF TOKYO
Criteria for recognition include:
Less than 10,000 population
Having regional sustainable resources
Previous and on-going efforts taken for sustainable use of local resources
Local resources must be protected by public means, such as zoning and Ordinance
In part 1 of this series, we'll explore the gorgeous places in Hokkaido.
Biei ( 美瑛 町 ), Hokkaido
Biei is famous for its wide fields and hills, and is used as a backdrop for many Japanese commercials and TV programs. The bright colored farm fields attract thousands of visitors. The “Road of Patchwork”, “Hills of Zerubu” and “Shikisai-no-oka” have some of the most spectacular views. The hills are painted with lines and patches of alternating colors, which can be explored not only by foot, but also by bicycles and golf carts — definitely a must-see in Hokkaido.
Although the hills may look like vast parkland open to the public, but most of them are actually private property of farmers, tending to various crops such as pumpkins, potatoes, melons, wheat, beans, sweet corn, and tomatoes. So once you've enjoyed the view, you can head over to the shops and buy various products that are actually produced in the field. Don't miss the different seasonal flavors of soft-serve ice cream including melon, lavender, and pumpkin!
The Blue Pond (Aoiike) is also a must-visit place especially for photographers, where the natural minerals give the water an extra blue. The reflection of the trees and branches are magical and spectacular to see.
Akaigawa ( 赤井川 村 ), Hokkaido
Akaigawa is a small village with a population of 1,264 on the west coast of Hokkaido surrounded by mountains. Yamanaka farm serves Hokkaido's rich and creamy soft-serve ice cream.
Those who visit in the winter cannot miss the soft think layer of fresh powder great for skiing in the surrounding areas of Akaigawa. The Kiroro Resort in Akaigawa is one of the hidden treasure not known to many, with beginners to advanced ski courses, family playgrounds, and gondola rides to the beautiful scenery.
On your way back, stop by Sapporo and buy some Shiroi Koibito white chocolate cookies as a souvenir for your friends and family. Shiroi Koibito was first introduced in 1976, and for a long time was only available in Hokkaido. The name of the snack itself was inspired by the beautiful landscape of Hokkaido on a snow day after skiing.
You can also visit the Shiroi Koibito Museum while you're in Sapporo too and see how these tasty snacks are made (and try some experimental flavors) ! Check it out here.
Shibetsu ( 士別 市 ), Hokkaido
Shibetsu is a town of 5,825 people situated at the east coast of Hokkaido. 68% of its land are forest area stretching out to the Sea of Okhotsk. Despite being a small town, the Shibetsu river basin enriches the surrounding area, developing a foundation perfect for large-scale dairy production and fishing. It is famous for its rolling hills and sheep farms.
Jaga Pokkuru is a potato stick snack, seasoned with the salt from Okhotsk Sea, distilled and simmered in the kettle for a mellow smooth flavor. Calbee uses only Hokkaido-grown un-skinned potatoes and named the snack after Koropokkuru, a dwarf from Ainu folklore.
Visitors who enjoy donuts can also find cute Shiretoko donuts made with honey and fresh Hokkaido milk. The donut is unique because of a little Kumagoron panda-figured dough placed at the center hoping to fill the loneliness following the loss of a panda in Ueno zoo.
Check out this past Snakku box where we featured a bunch of locally made snacks from Hokkaido!
Tsurui ( 鶴居 村 ), Hokkaido
Tsurui is a tiny village with a population of 2,596.
The spring in Tsurui starts in May as cherry trees start to blossom. The nearby Kushiro Marsh, stretching a massive 183km square kilometers, sheds its wintry colors and becomes covered in fresh green.
This is the time of the year when thousands of visitors come here to see the Tancho, a rare Japanese Red-crowned Crane, return to the Marsh in pairs in order to raise their new breeds and feed on corn and fish in the surrounds of Tsurui.
During late winter, Tancho showcases their beauty with a spectacular performance by calling and dancing with their partner in preparation of the breeding season.
Kyogoku ( 京極 町 ), Hokkaido
Kyogoku is mountainous region with the famous Mount Yotei, which bubbles out natural hot spring water. Meters of snow that pile up during every winter is absorbed by the mountain filtering through rocks decades later than pure, tasty spring water. Visitors come to this town to drink that spring water, as it is believed to have healing properties.
At the base of Mount Yotei, water flows out at a rate of 80,000 tonnes a day into the beautiful surrounds of Fukudashii Park. Here you could try coffee jelly made with coffee drip and spring water in the shape of a mountain where you can add syrup at the crater.
Be sure to check out our post exploring "Off the Beaten Path" places of Japan.
The Classification Board has given the upcoming Mortal Kombat game - the ninth in the lucrative series - a "refused classification" rating, meaning it cannot be sold in Australia. Banned from sale in Australia ... Mortal Kombat. The board said highly detailed violence was the key reason for its decision and took particular exception to the game's "fatalities" - special finishing moves unique to each character performed at the end of a fight. "The game includes over 60 fatalities which contain explicit depictions of dismemberment, decapitation, disembowelment and other brutal forms of slaughter," the board wrote in justifying its decision. "Despite the exaggerated conceptual nature of the fatalities and their context within a fighting game set in a fantasy realm, impact is heightened by the use of graphics which are realistically rendered and very detailed."
Much to the chagrin of the games industry, Australia does not have an R18+ rating for games so any game that is found to be unsuitable for 15 year olds is automatically banned from sale. One of the Dare mini-games involves simulated "kissing". Meanwhile, the upcoming Nintendo Wii and PS3 game We Dare is due for release in Australia on March 3 and has been rated PG by the Classification Board. The box promises "flirty fun for all", above an image of a plush pink chair draped in lingerie and padded handcuffs. The game has caused an uproar amongst British tabloids which quoted parents accusing it of promoting orgies and lesbian sex to kids as young as 12. A risqué trailer released for the game features two couples engaged in simulated kissing before the women drape themselves over the laps of the males with the Wiimote wedged in the back of their skirts and submit to a spanking.
The couples, who mix and match partners, are later shown performing a striptease, which is also featured as part of the game. The game also aludes to group sex and pole dancing in its 35 "fun and flirtatious" mini-games. We Dare is described as a "sexy, quirky party game that offers a large variety of hilarious, innovative and physical, sometimes kinky, challenges". The more friends invited to the party, "the spicier the play". A spokeswoman for publisher Ubisoft said We Dare would be sold with a "parental discretion advised" sticker. The spokeswoman would not be drawn into a debate on why We Dare was given such a low PG rating when games like Mortal Kombat were banned. In its decision to give We Dare a PG rating the Classification Board acknowledged the "sexual tone" of the game but said its sexual references were "mild", "discreetly implied and justified by context".
It appears that Ubisoft has exploited a loophole in classification guidelines as although the game encourages players to undertake risque behaviour in their living rooms, graphic sexual depictions and nudity are not shown on the screen in the game itself. "There's lots and lots of loopholes," said the former classification board censor who spoke to this website on condition of anonymity. "I don't think it is them being lenient on sex and being hardcore on violence, I just think that the way the title has been done is very very smart on Ubisoft's part." The former censor said the game's developers ensured any sexual behaviour happened in people's living rooms, not on the screen. "They can't classify what people are going to do in their homes, they can only classify what's actually in the game and what's in the game is very very cartoony, maybe a little bit of sexual inuendo but that's about it."
Furthermore, the censor said the Classification Board rarely actually played the games they were classifying, and instead relied on game publishers to be upfront about the content of their games. "Very rarely do people actually play the game when these titles get rated ... what happens is [game publishers] fill in a report and then that goes and gets rubber stamped by the Classification Board," he said. In a recent Senate Estimates hearing, Classification Board senior classifier Greg Scott said the board did in fact play the games but publishers must "provide a CD of the most contentious material". Interestingly, the board's decision noted that Ubisoft had suggested We Dare be given an M rating but the censors decided that PG was adequate. Warner Bros Interactive Entertainment, which was due to publish Mortal Kombat in Australia, said it was extremely disappointed that one of the world's oldest and most successful video game franchises would not be available to "mature Australian gamers".
Some publishers whose games have been banned from sale have successfully reversed the decision by submitting a modified, toned-down version for the Australian market. However, Warner Bros said it would not be toning down this title as "that wouldn't be Mortal Kombat". "WBIE would not market mature content where it is not appropriate for the audience," Warner Bros said. Loading "We understand that not all content is for every audience, but there is an audience for mature gaming content and it would make more sense to have the R18+ classification in Australia". Adding an R18+ rating for games requres the unanimous agreement of all state and federal attorneys-general. The matter was slated for discussion at a meeting of the censorship ministers in December but a vote was delayed.
IN A DAY of massive highs and the cruellest of lows, New Zealand and Papua New Guinea emerged as the best of the elite men while Ireland and Canada again stamped their authority in the women's competition of the AFL International Cup.
It was a rollercoaster round of matches on a wet and windy Tuesday at Royal Park in Melbourne, with a brave Ireland team edged out of a Grand Final spot in division one of the men's competition, after a goal on the final siren.
The Warriors then demonstrated phenomenal spirit to get behind Ireland's women's team, the Banshees, who overcame a seven-point final-quarter deficit to beat Great Britain and reach the women's Grand Final at Etihad Stadium on Saturday night.
In a repeat of the 2011 and 2014 AFL International Cup grand finals, Ireland will face Canada, which delivered a consummate display to beat neighbour and rival, USA.
In the upset of the day, Germany soared into the men's division two Grand Final in its first appearance at the AFL International Cup with a classy performance against China. The Eagles will meet Croatia, which leveraged a huge height and weight advantage to kick nine goals and nullify a lively Japan.
The action returned to Royal Park on Tuesday after round two at Victorian schools and last weekend's round three at community clubs.
Less than two weeks ago, the AFL International Cup's sixth chapter was a blank page. Twenty-six teams were heading into the unknown, and nervous energy was lifting the roof at Government House in Melbourne.
Forty-seven games later, the energy is still on the rise, the quality of football is skyrocketing and all roads have reached the Grand Final stage – albeit with a few sore bodies along the way.
"The women are not that far behind the Australian girls and the Papua New Guinea boys are playing some of the best football I have seen at any International Cup," said five-time Hawthorn premiership player Dermott Brereton.
"There is a sprinkling of top talent in every team and the willingness is there throughout. Every time there is a disposal there is a contest, which makes it very watchable.
"The competition has improved dramatically in quality – Germany and Japan for example are now playing at the level (that) division one was three years ago. I felt sorry for the Ireland boys, though," he said.
Canada escaped the USA's grasp to book a place in the women's Grand Final. Picture: AFL Photos
With two minutes to go in Ireland's enthralling clash against New Zealand, all was set for a rematch in the Grand Final. Ireland was two points ahead after a heroic team performance and five goals from Padraig Lucey. The two division one heavyweights had exchanged blows all the way through a fiery affair.
But Barclay Miller's free kick and goal left Ireland on 12 points, alongside Papua New Guinea and USA on the ladder, meaning the Mosquitoes' superior percentage saw them head to the Grand Final.
It was a birthday dream come true for Papua New Guinea's Jeconiah 'JJ' Peni, who turned 22 on Tuesday. The Mosquitoes kicked 16 goals against South Africa in an attempt to ensure they had a better percentage than the Americans, who booted 132 points on their way to a demolition of France.
Although Peni's smile will be lighting up Melbourne over the next few days, the biggest smile of the day could be seen across the face of Enrico Misso, the first Sri Lankan to play at VFL level.
The Sri Lankan Lions roared to their maiden victory on Tuesday, at this, their first AFL International Cup. Former St Kilda ruckman Misso, who coaches the Lions, said: "It's such a delight that these guys got a win. Their spirit has been incredible. This is one of the biggest buzzes I have ever had in footy!"
Sri Lankan forward Damian Ratwatke, who added four goals today to his competition tally of nine, said: "The boys come from different sports – we are incredibly proud to get together and produce a winning performance after just four games together."
Sri Lanka will face Indonesia in a play-off for fifth after the Garudas showed tremendous energy to beat India by 51 points, along the way kicking a spectacular team goal finished off by Dillasyah Abdillah.
Canada and Nauru kicked off by setting a high bar for the day. The Chiefs lit up a gloomy morning with two goals from outside 45 metres and a hanger from Shaun Kemp Maaki in the second quarter. The damage was done and Nauru showed class, composure and pace in closing out a 32-point win.
AFL International Cup Grand Finals
Men's division two
12.30pm Friday, August 18
Germany v Croatia
Royal Park – Ransford Oval
Men's division one
11.15am Saturday, August 19
New Zealand v Papua New Guinea,
MCG
Women's competition
4.30pm Saturday, August 19
Canada v Ireland
Etihad Stadium
And yes, that figures dates back to a report in early 2006 when Henry Paulson was still there running the show and making a comfy $38 million. It was a lifestyle that was never based on reality but now that the bill has arrived, taxpayers will get a splash of cold water reality in the face.
Last year, Goldman Sachs paid out $11.7bn (£6.7bn) to its 22,425 employees – around 3,000 of whom are in London.
Hank Paulson, the chairman and chief executive, was paid $38m in salary, shares and options – a 21 per cent increase on 2004. An average figure per staff member of $521,000 bursts through a barrier not even breached during the dot-com boom in 1999 and 2000.
This is a 12 per cent increase on the $466,000 average disclosed for 2004. It is twice the level of average pay at rivals Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley.
Wall Street banks are paying out a record $21.5bn in bonuses for 2005, according to New York State figures. That dwarfs 2004's $18.6bn and tops the previous record of $19.5bn in 2000. The average bonus in 2005 was $125,500 – some $25,000 more than in 2000.
HUNDREDS of Syrians in Britain were arrested last year for a string of offences including rape, death threats and child abuse.
Police forces have revealed the figures which show 897 were held in England and Wales.
Getty Images 2 Almost 900 Syrians were arrested in England and Wales over the past year (file picture)
Our revelation comes after Northumbria Police were last month accused of a cover-up over an alleged attack by Syrians on two teenage girls in Newcastle.
One of the suspects was being followed by the BBC for a report on how his family had settled in the UK.
In Northumbria, the force admitted that last year – the latest available figures - they arrested a total of 16 Syrians.
This tally of arrests included two alleged sex offences, six claims of violence assaults and three of public disorder.
In London, 238 arrested included two for rape, three for death threats and seven for sex offences.
And Nottinghamshire cops nicked one for sexual activity with an underage girl.
MERCURY PRESS 2 UKIP MEP Ray Finch voiced concerns that the government should be screening immigrants entering the country
There have been concerns that refugees allowed to settle in the UK can find it difficult to assimilate into the country.
The issue has been highlighted in Europe, where Germany has been rocked by attacks including the machete murder of a woman and a suicide bombing outside a restaurant carried out by Syrian refugees.
In England and Wales the majority of offences that Syrians were arrested for were immigration violations, but there were other serious crimes.
RELATED STORIES 'SHAMEFUL ACT' Deadly air strike hits Save The Children maternity hospital in Syria killing two and wounding many more BRIT TERROR SCARE British-Syrian man arrested by cops after terrified locals thought he was ISIS fanatic Pictured ASYLUM SEEKER HORROR The pregnant Pole, 45, who was hacked to death with a machete by Syrian refugee 'who fell in love with her' Video 'IT's NOT EVEN MY MOST OFFENSIVE JOKE' Boat party DJ slammed for joking club hit Runaway is Syrian national anthem brags about crude humour ATTACK OF THE DRONES Fears ISIS could use drones for UK terror bombings as Government reveals they do same in Syria
Our Freedom of Information request for figures went to all 44 forces in England and Wales but five did not provide data.
The forces that arrested the most after London were Thames Valley (97), West Mids (56), Herts (55).
Ukip MEP Ray Finch said: “The Government seems not to have vetted those it has invited into the country.”
140 SHARES Facebook Twitter
One bad day… That's all it took Alan Moore and Brian Bolland to turn an average Joe into one of comic books' greatest and most psychotic villains. The Joker has had multiple incarnations in print, video game and on screen but very few have attempted to reveal his undoubtedly twisted origin story. The Killing Joke, whether you agree with giving the Joker an origin story or not, is one of the definitive Batman and Joker comics to date. It still resonates with audiences new and old, even as it enters its 28th year in print. And this summer, some of the cast and crew of Batman: The Animated Series are getting the band back together to bring Moore and Bolland's iconic graphic novel to life.
But what can we expect from the animated version after the release of Warner Bros. ten minute preview of their upcoming adaptation? Every time a new manifestation of Batman appears questions always arise as to who will play the key characters and let's be honest, you can't please everyone. Throw as many names in the proverbial pot as you like and fans will always find issue; Nicholson, Keaton, Bale, Ledger, Hardy, Affleck and Leto have all been met with initial criticism. So what would be the most sensible thing to do? Cast tried and tested actors to play the Caped Crusader and the players that shape Gotham. And that is exactly what Warner Bros. have done with The Killing Joke. Kevin Conroy returns for yet another outing in his 22 year career as Bruce Wayne, while Tara Strong voices Barbara Gordon/Batgirl. Both of which have had huge successes in the animated and video game versions of Batman. There is one name however that needs no introduction. Mark Hamill, the man who has created a Joker like no other will enjoy another stint as the clown prince of crime. This is undoubtedly a huge selling point for The Killing Joke, Hamill's Joker is the right balance of psychotic and unpredictable that is needed in the centre of this adaptation.
Tara Strong's Batgirl plays the pivotal tool the Joker uses in his crusade against Commissioner Gordon and Batman but her role in the plot is cut short when the Joker *SPOILERS* places a bullet in her spine and leaves her paralyzed. The production team of The Killing Joke decided to include more of Batgirl's story in a prologue. The likelihood is this won't be an origin story but more of Barbara Gordon in action as Batgirl, protecting Gotham alongside Batman. This gives the audience a rare opportunity to build a relationship with Batgirl before her unfortunate “accident” with a man in makeup and a Hawaiian shirt. Batgirl will hopefully prove to be less of a narrative tool and more of an in-depth character that the audience can engage with.
Moore and Bolland didn't just shock readers with their warped story and little people dressed as gimps, looking more like a scene from American Horror Story than a Batman graphic novel… The gritty and realistic artwork brought the story and characters to life. This was pushed further in 2008 when the novel was reprinted with new colouring from Bolland. This lends an expectation to the animated adaptation. The fact of the matter is, it would be impossible to directly translate the artwork in the novel directly to the screen but this won't stop the team behind The Killing Joke from trying. From the ten minute preview provided by Warner Bros. the audience is teased to the uncompromising image of The Joker's unsuspecting victim in the fairground, an image that will resound in even the sternest of minds. Along with graphic imagery, TKJ preview is laden with stunning and iconic scenery, beautifully detailed characters and flowing action. In the short snippets of animation, it is clear that the team have attempted to keep in with the novel's aesthetic.
Something that will undoubtedly please fan of the graphic novel. Spider-Man boasted of great responsibility and Silence of the Lambs offered us some liver, fava beans and a nice chianti (insert classic Lecter noise here!) Any novel to screen adaptation needs its key moments and The Killing Joke is not without them. There are lines of dialogue in the graphic novel that stand out to every reader and had to be in the adaptation for it to feel like a direct adaptation and not a cheap knock off and judging by the preview TKJ will deliver on those expectations. Mark Hamill can be seen recording the line “And do be careful, he's topping the bill!” in the preview… A line that resonates not just with the audience but with Barbara Gordon in what must feel like her dying moments.
The preview is an excellent setup for the screen adaptation of a graphic novel that is widely renowned as one of the most original and rousing of Batman's outings with the Joker. With constant questions of Joker's real identity being revealed to the consistent criticism of Jared Leto's forced method acting in the role for Suicide Squad, it is about time the Joker was revived for who he really is! An in depth, paradox of a man. And if there is a story to do that it is The Killing Joke. Of course the preview is not without its questions….
How will the adaptation show the transformation from struggling, average Joe to comic books most chaotic villain? How will the flashback scenes be dealt with? Will there be any more additions on top of Batgirl's prologue to the story? And will there be an inclusion of An Innocent Guy? Only time will tell!
The movie, from Bruce Timm, will premiere at this Summer's Comic-Con.
Related
140 SHARES Facebook Twitter
Category: Featured, Film
(T/N: this post is veryyyy long and as usual, we will paraphrase most of it but we will still try to translate as many details as possible)
He sold items online and sent bricks afterwards?
This was not the truth
This is a screencap of people who wanted to start a bad rumor against Taeyong.
“The important part is that he didn't go on reflection. People sent him money and he sent them bricks. He was an iljin that was famous at school and he was known to harass people on a daily basis.”
The most famous story was how he sent bricks instead of the figurines. In the first scandal, after shipping the goods out, the purchaser expressed his/her discontentment and asked Taeyong or a refund (which he repaid) so it wasn't a scam. He never sent out any bricks.
Aside from these stories, there were also people saying how he sent empty boxes and that he took the money and disappeared. But again, there was only friction between the purchaser and Taeyong. Taeyong said that he would meet the purchaser at another time at Sindorim to give him/her the missing parts. It wasn't a scam.
The only true story was that Taeyong sent defective Gundam toys but people only paid him a small amount. The other two stories (the brick one and him running away with the money) were made up by people cherry picking facts from his Gundam scandal.
After his scamming scandal spread out, SM made him apologize and wrote an article about it. He then went on reflection.
Basically, people read posts about him on a café and decided to cherry pick facts which turned into the scamming scandal.
(2)
Taeyong sent a note to the victim filled with swear words
This was not sent to the victim
The notes containing profanity is a separate case from the ones seen above. These are notes that one of the café member sent to Taeyong. Basically, they were both kinda insulting each other and had an online quarrel. But people who said that Taeyong sent these notes to the one that received bricks which was false.
(3)
He has been blacklisted because of his scams so he made several IDs
This was not the truth
Even if Taeyong had 4 different IDs (hssarang98, julyfirst1, i55052 & 1021kms), it wasn't true that it was because of his scam and he wasn't blacklisted. The reason he made 4 different IDs was because 2 of the IDs were related to him sending profanity notes and that one of his account's business was halted (because a lot of reviewers said that his Gungdams were too expensive, that they weren't paint properly, etc.).
You cannot find any of his ID's in the blacklist related to scamming.
post response:
[+871][-100]
ㅇㅇ | 2017.02.23 03:25 신고하기 It's not that the fans are trying to shield him, but we just want you to adjust your reactions. Fangirls shielding him is not the right way to handle the situation 추천 152 반대 20
ㅇㅇ | 2017.02.23 02:51 신고하기 Please I wish that a lot of people see this and stop misunderstanding him. There's still people calling him "Scamyong" and only treats him as a scammer. People who don't know about him just go around and treat any rumors they hear as fact and blow this out of proportions. It must've been hard on him, even for the fans seeing this made our hearts hurt. I looked at his broadcasts many times and he's really bright and tries his hardest as a leader, but there's still a lot of people who don't know this side of him. I wish more people knew about this. I really wished SM sued those people who made rumors about him. 추천 132 반대 17
ㅇㅇ | 2017.02.23 02:56 신고하기 Please let's untangle this whole misunderstanding 이미지확대보기 추천 113 반대 16 (saying that it was false that he swore at a girl in his class that it was made up by a males community. That the proofs of his graduating pictures were also false, etc. That his personalities were good and that no one ever said bad stuff about him. Taeyong sent the right model of toy to the purchaser but some parts fell off when it was sent out. Taeyong said that if he made a mistake to meet him and he'll give the parts that fell off. The purchaser refused to meet him and posted a post online saying he got scammed. In the end Scam(x), Parts were rubbed off (o). )
ㅇㅇ | 2017.02.23 02:43 신고하기 When this issue blew up on other website, whenever NCT was mentioned everyone's reaction was just "That group with the scammer?" ㅠㅠㅠ Please let everyone know about this, and I wish a hard life to those who started the rumor 이미지확대보기 추천 57 반대 5
post response:
[+826][-50]
ㅇㅇ | 2017.02.22 22:40 신고하기 Even the one where he dissed the female student was fabricated by male communities ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ SM probably didn't take any legal actions and instead made Taeyong apologize for this to end the controversy, seeing how he's called Scam-yong, he must be feeling f*cking wronged;; 추천 269 반대 20
ㅇㅇ | 2017.02.22 22:20 신고하기 But ever since the beginning Taeyong has never sent out bricks as a scam? 추천 258 반대 30
ㅇㅇ | 2017.02.22 22:25 신고하기 Seriously it's true that the fact that he swore at people and made family disses were fabricated, doesn't that make the people who shared the stories the same as Taeyong ? W hen you look at his comment during middle school 2nd grade, he never swore at people though, it was quite the opposite 이미지확대보기 추천 223 반대 13
The European commission is to give €10m (£9m) in urgent food aid to North Koreans on the brink of starvation, after negotiating for "unprecedented access" to ensure that the food goes straight to those most in need.
The money will be used to buy food, through the World Food Programme and Save the Children, which will be directed to 650,000 children in hospitals and care homes, breastfeeding women, hospital patients and the elderly.
"It is of course outrageous that year after year the North Korean government has been starving its own people while funding programmes that are not to the benefit of the people and certainly not for the benefit of mankind – but that is no excuse for closing our eyes and closing our hearts when people are in desperate need," Kristalina Georgieva, EU commissioner for international co-operation, humanitarian aid and crisis response, said. "My own team came back and told me that the need is very real and acute. If we are to act, we must act now."
North Korean government rations, believed to be keeping two-thirds of the population alive, have been steadily reducing, down from 400g per person per day in April to 150g in June – the equivalent of a small bowl of rice.
Georgieva sent observers who were given unusual permission to visit hospitals and clinics, kindergartens and nurseries, markets and farms, and the state food distribution centres. They reported widespread hunger, near-empty markets and warehouses, and many people being treated in hospital after eating grass.
"Among the most saddening stories were of starving children begging in the marketplace to people who had absolutely nothing to give them. We cannot allow that to happen if we are in a position to help," she said.
Georgieva has been in discussion with the World Food Programme, which is using the offer of European money as a lever to increase the number of international staff in the country monitoring food distribution, and to permit up to 400 visits a month, including members of her own team.
"This is a targeted, one-off response. We will be monitoring from port to hospital. I have asked that all the food from Europe be not bought at the same time: any sign of food not getting through, or being diverted away from the people we want to help, and it stops there, we give no more," Georgieva said.
Between 1995 and 2008 the commission spent around €124m on humanitarian aid to North Korea, but in 2008 closed its office in Pyongyang and pulled out all staff.
The present food crisis has been caused by the combination of floods last year, the coldest winter in 50 years, and then an outbreak of foot and mouth disease. The next main cereal harvest is not due until October.
A defector from North Korea recently gave the Guardian searing accounts of life in a detention camp where she was imprisoned for a previous escape from the country.
"There were about 1,000 women in our cabin and we were so squashed together we had to sleep with our legs interlocking," she said. "We had rice husks to eat and had to work cutting down trees and dragging the timber back with chains. When it got really cold in winter, five or six women would die every day and the other prisoners would have to carry the bodies out. I still dream about that."
Gary Davis, 27, of Johnstown Court, Kilpedder, Co Wicklow, will be extradited to the US to face charges of conspiracy to distribute narcotics, conspiracy to commit computer hacking, and conspiracy to commit money laundering, The Irish Times reports.
All accusations stem from Davis' involvement with Silk Road, a Dark Web marketplace that existed between 2011 and late 2013, where criminals sold all sorts of illegal products such as drugs, weapons, hacking tools, databases, credit card information, and more.
US authorities filed official charges against Davis in 2013. They accused Davis of being an admin on the site, where he used the nickname Libertas.
The US Department of Justice also charged two other admins, Andrew Michael Jones, who used the nickname Inigo, and Peter Philip Nash, who went as Samesamebutdifferent.
Nash had already pleaded guilty in March 2015 and was sentenced to time served in May 2015. Jones' case is still underway.
The most notorious Silk Road case remains the one of its founder and main administrator, Ros Ulbricht, who received a sentence of life in prison last year.
Davis and the other two admins were Ulbricht's lieutenants, helping him with daily operations, such as organizing site products in categories and answering tech support questions. Like Ulbricht, Davis also risks a sentence of life in prison.
US authorities have not announced his official extradition since Davis is expected to file an appeal.
ESWC has announced that it will host a CS:GO tournament during Paris Games Week with 16 teams and $80,000 on offer.
After hosting an event in the Canadian city of Montreal earlier this month, ESWC has revealed the first details about its upcoming international competition, which will take place from October 29 to November 1 as part of the Paris Games Week fair.
A total of ten games will be played at ESWC 2015 PGW, including Counter-Strike, which will have a 16-team tournament with a prize pool of $80,000 (a $5,000 increase from the event in Montreal).
ESWC and Counter-Strike return to Paris Games Week
Both the group stage and the playoffs will feature in a best-of-three format, with one match per day being played on the ESWC main stage, including the grand final.
Teams can apply for a spot at ESWC 2015 PGW by filling out a registration form. The participants will be selected based on motivation and past achievements, even though ESWC says that it will try to "ensure the greatest nationality diversity possible."
It is worth noting that some top teams will not be able to attend the event as it clashes with DreamHack Open Cluj, which will have a $40,000 tournament.
Cruz Pelletier, 20, who pleaded guilty to manslaughter in the death of 22-year-old Larissa Charlie-Stillaway, will spend the next 3.5 years behind bars.
THUNDER BAY - A man who pleaded guilty to manslaughter in the death of a 22-year-old woman in 2015 will spend the next three and a half years in a federal prison.
During a sentencing hearing in Ontario Superior Court on Monday, Cruz Pelletier, 20, of Fort William First Nation, was sentenced to eight years after pleading guilty to manslaughter in the death of 22-year-old Larissa Charlie-Stillaway in June, 2015.
The sentence was reduced to seven years after Justice Fitzpatrick took into consideration the conditions of his incarceration at the Thunder Bay District Jail, which included the Dec. 2015 riot.
With time already served, Pelletier will remain in jail for the next 1,319 days, as well as being prohibited from possessing any weapons, providing a DNA sample, and attending substance abuse counselling.
On June 16, 2015, Thunder Bay Police were called to the Totem Trailer Court on Chippewa Road after witnesses discovered Charlie-Stillaway unconscious and covered in blood on the ground outside.
Police arrested Pelletier not far from the residence and he was charged with aggravated assault. Charlie Stillaway was transported to hospital in critical condition and later died of her injuries. The charge against Pelletier was then upgraded to second-degree murder.
Throughout the hearing, the court learned of Pelletier's childhood, which Fitzpatrick described as nothing short of traumatic when reading his sentence.
Pelletier spent much of his childhood in and out of foster care until the age of 16. His mother suffered from addiction issues and Pelletier and his siblings were placed in foster care because of ongoing neglect.
Between the ages of 16 and 20, Pelletier was steadily employed and he was in a relationship with Charlie-Stillaway since the age of 14.
At the age of 17, Pelletier moved in with Charlie-Stillaway and the two had one child together and lost another during childbirth.
According to the agreed statement of facts read out in court, Pelletier has no recollection of the trauma he faced during childhood and his attorney, Michael Hardagon, said he shows extreme stoicism and willingness to suppress childhood memories.
Pelletier was described as being unable to emotionally regulate himself or his aggression. He also struggled with alcohol and drug addiction and during the time of the assault against Charlie-Stillaway, he had been using cocaine every day and had been consuming alcohol for 30 hours prior and Pelletier said he had no memories of the assault.
Fitzpatrick said there was evidence that the crime was committed in a fit of rage and involved intoxication. And while all evidence in the case was circumstantial, Pelletier admitted to his role in Charlie-Stillaway's death.
“The court is aware that there's nothing it can do to bring Larissa back,” Fitzpatrick said when reading his sentence.
He went on to say that he hopes Pelletier will seek the treatment he requires while serving his time.
“Mr. Pelletier is still a young man,” Fitzpatrick said. “The decision to change is entirely up to him.”
In roundup of Dubspot's best music production video tutorials of 2014, we look at some of our most popular and well-received music production video tutorials from this year.
Ableton Live Tutorial – Warping Multiple Clips at Once w/ Thavius Beck
In this tutorial, Dubspot's Ableton Live maestro Thavius Beck gives you the valuable time saving and organizational tip of warping multiple clips at once. As a practical application, this method can be used for remixing when you want to get all of your stems lined up tempo-wise. Most people aren't aware of this technique and it really isn't that hard to learn.
Goth-Trad (Deep Medi / Japan) @ Dubspot – Building a Track!
This video featuring Goth Trad was a bit of a departure from our usual content at Dubspot, but it proved to be a great video. Goth Trad builds a track from scratch here at Dubspot NYC using Ableton Live, NI Battery, and Stylus RMX. The resulting track is a deep dubstep tune with copious amounts of low end.
Bitwig Studio Tutorial Pt. 1 – Features Overview and Basic Navigation w/ James Bernard
In this first of a continuing series of videos by producer, sound designer and Dubspot LA Instructor, James Bernard, you will learn about some key new workflow enhancing features of Bitwig Studio which include key commands for navigating around the three different views of the unified display arrangement and support for multiple display setups (including support for up to 3 displays!) - Chris Petti
Maschine 2.2 Tutorial – New Features and Workflow Example w/ Matt Cellitti
Maschine 2.2 brings two major free updates that Maschine users have been begging for since the day Maschine was initially released: Scale Modes and an Arpeggiator.
Playing melodies on a 4×4 grid of pads is not easy to do, certainly not as easy as it would be on a keyboard. Now thanks to this update, Maschine supplies a myriad of scales nestled within the Pad Mode so you can bang away on the pads and create interesting, sometimes exotic, melodies without worrying about hitting wrong notes. It makes writing with Maschine even more gratifying as it is now easier than ever to just get “lost in the flow” using nothing but the controller to produce music.
Equally gratifying is being able to play complex chord progressions by simply hitting one pad on the Maschine controller. I find this to be instantly inspiring and a helpful tool for getting musical sketches together quickly and easily. Lastly, the arpeggiator is a delight to use with the added bonus that it can be used in conjunction with the scale and chord modes to create interesting melodic rhythms. -Matt Cellitti
Logic Pro X Tutorial: Editing Vocals and Audio Samples Using ‘Flex Pitch' w/Bill Lee
Early on in the year, Bill Lee presented this great tutorial on the “Flex Pitch” tool in Logic Pro X. Bill is now one of the heads of our EDU department at Dubspot NYC, this guy seriously knows his stuff.
In this video we will explore the new Flex Pitch algorithm in Logic Pro X. With Flex Pitch, you can fine tune the pitch of your vocal performance while retaining a natural sound, or you can use it to mangle your vocal to get something completely different and creative. Re-tuning your audio vocals to a new melody is now as easy as working with MIDI notes in the Piano Roll editor. This feature works well with almost any clean monophonic audio signal, so don't limit yourself to just vocals — try it on bass lines, leads and other single note audio sounds. Let's get flexing! – Bill Lee
Music Foundations Tutorial: Using Seventh Chords For Harmonic Progression w/ Max Wild
In this three-part Music Foundations tutorial, Musician and Dubspot Instructor Max Wild demonstrates how to use seventh chords to enrich harmonic progressions. In the first tutorial, Max explains the different types of seventh chords, and shows you how to construct the major 7th (Maj7) chord. Read more here.
First of all, what is a seventh chord? Seventh chords are four-note chords that derive their name from the upper-most note, which is a seventh interval above the root (starting note of chord). Every seventh chord is constructed from a set of intervals, and knowing what these intervals are, will enable us to construct a seventh chord starting from any note. Seventh chords consist of the Root (the lowest note in root position), 3rd (2nd note), 5th (3rd note), and 7th (fourth note). In the case of the Maj7 the Root and 3rd are a major third (M3) apart (4 half-steps). The 5th is a Perfect 5th above the Root (7 half-steps), and the 7th is a major 7th above the root (11 half-steps). Another way to look at this construct would be to count the intervals from one note to the next. In that case we would count a major 3rd (M3) from the root to 3rd, a minor 3rd (m3) from 3rd to 5th, and major 3rd (M3) from 5th to 7th. – Max Wild
Ableton Live Tutorial: Pitch Modulation Using Operator w/ Adam Partridge
This tutorial focuses on a form of pitch modulation known as pitch bend, by exploring the recreation of the lead synth line in “Look At Me Know”. Please do not get stuck on following the exact envelope automation displayed in this tutorial. The idea is to use your ears and eyes to achieve the pitch modulation desired. Pitch modulation is a common technique used to add movement to leads, chords and bass lines. – Adam Partridge
This post may include affiliate links to find a product mentioned. See my full Disclosure Policy.
Easy and fun DIY Holiday Gnomes for your decor this year! So cute and simple to create! These guys are one of my favorite Christmas crafts!
I'm back again with another Floracraft® Foam makeover! The New Make It Fun® Holiday Craft eBook is here, it's brimming with Christmas crafts and decorating ideas for the upcoming holidays.
We were asked to recreate one of their ideas into one of our own. I am going to combine two of their craft projects this time around, the Holiday Gnome Wall Art and the Cone Christmas Characters, to make these sweet Holiday Gnomes.
These cuties are becoming pretty popular this season. I am going to show you a simple and trendy way to spruce up your holiday decor this year! This project is rated easy, so even if you're a beginner, you can do it! Let me show how to make them.
Holiday Gnomes
Supplies:
Instructions:
Roll the first cone over the fabric. Cut the fabric to fit the cone. Use hot glue on low heat. Place a line of glue on edge of the fabric and roll the cone over it to adhere.
Cut the fabric on the other side of the cone to match perfectly to the first edge and glue down. Overlapping by 1/8 inch. Trim the excess fabric from the bottom of the cone.
Make the Beard:
Turn the fur fabric over and use a razor blade to cut out a beard and mustache. Gently rub the razor blade over the fabric. Do not press down hard, or you will cut through the fur on the other side.
Use straight pins to place and adjust the beard on front of cone. Hot glue the beard down first. One inch below the top of the beard separate, part the hair and push it upwards. Glue the mustache in the part of the beard fur. You want some hair to hang over the top of the mustache.
Cut a 7 inch piece of craft wire and insert it into the top end of the cone.
Cut a piece of the fleece, I used the rough edge so I would have a cute roll on the brim of the hat. Measure the fleece hat brim to fit perfectly end to end around the cone, leave the other end of the fleece long.
Mine are around 20 inches long and 6 inches wide. Each one will be a different length and width, because all three gnomes are a different size.
After the edges of the hat are glued to the cone, twist and pull the hat lengthwise. Trim the fabric to a slight point around an inch past the end of the wire.
I found pulling and twisting the fabric made it fall into place for the hat. Start hot gluing the hat from the brim to the end. Stretching and twisting as you glue.
I used a paper hole punch to punch out two circles from black felt. Use straight pins to pin the eyes on. Add a wood ball for the nose with hot glue and some greenery on his hat and that's it!
The dimensions of the other two gnomes:
~Using a 17-inch cone trim off 6 inches, 3 from the top of the cone and 3 from the bottom.
~The last gnome is made with a 9-inch cone. Everything is made the same way just less fabric.
Love Gnomes? Then these cute and easy Holiday Gnomes are a must-see and make! Click To Tweet
LOVE IT? PIN IT!
FEATURED ON:
More Holiday Decor Crafts:
Must-Have Holiday Craft Resources:
Check out more of my Holiday Crafts~
Cute Yarn Snowman
Winter Wispy Wreath
DIY Tassel Craft Gallery
Blocks That Matter about which we have written plenty of times has won Microsoft's Dream.Build.Play 2011 competition with grand prize of $ 40,000.
Innovative Linux Gameabout which we have written plenty of times has woncompetition with grand prize of $ 40,000.
About Dream.Build.Play 2011
Dream.Build.Play is an annual contest organized by Microsoft where Games developed for Microsoft's XNA Studio 4.0 or XBOX 360 compete with each other for Grand Prize.
Tough Competition
Blocks That Matter was selected from a pool of more than 250 entrants from 27 countries.
Linux Friendly Developers
The game developers have been really friendly to the Linux community and has already released a couple of tech demos for the Linux users for user feedback and testing. Once all the remaining issues and bugs are ironed out the game will be released. Lead developer Guillaume also said that they have not forgotten Linux users at all and will release it most probably in this week only, its just that they have too many things on their hands now and little time.
Though the competition awards games made for XBOX or Windows platforms, it does not really matter here as this really gives the developers their due recognition, fame and money too.
Many Congratulations to the developers !!!
BarakBlueSky/Shutterstock As more people opt to live alone, delay or forego marriage, and recede into their smartphones, rates of loneliness are skyrocketing in the United States, according to new research.
Julianne Holt-Lunstad, a professor of psychology at Brigham Young University, presented the findings from two huge meta-analyses at this year's Annual Convention of the American Psychological Association.
Holt-Lunstad's research shows loneliness could pose an even greater threat to public health than obesity, and other research has found it even rivals the risks of smoking.
"Indeed, many nations around the world now suggest we are facing a 'loneliness epidemic,'" Holt-Lunstad said in a statement. "The challenge we face now is what can be done about it."
The first of the two meta-analyses included 148 studies as well as data on more than 300,000 participants. It found a 50% reduction in the risk of early death among people with greater social interaction.
The second analysis included data on 3.4 million people from 70 studies and looked at the role social isolation, loneliness, and living alone had on mortality. All three seemed to increase individuals' risk to similar or greater extents than obesity.
Researchers believe loneliness is so deadly because it can lead to a number of issues, including disrupted sleep patterns, high levels of stress hormones, increased inflammation, and worsening immune systems. Any one of those risk factors puts people at a greater risk for disease and life-threatening injury.
Based on the evidence, Holt-Lunstad doesn't think the loneliness problem is going away anytime soon. The latest AARP Loneliness Study found 42.6 million adults over the age of 45 suffer from chronic loneliness. With an aging baby boomer population, that number is expected to rise in the coming decades.
People can stave off the risks of loneliness by taking a more proactive approach to socializing, Holt-Lunstad said. Instead of scrolling through Facebook, older Americans can make a point to join social clubs or plan get-togethers with neighbors. Doctors can also play a role in alerting older patients to the risks of loneliness, and offer ways to combat its effects.
In some cases, countries that face loneliness epidemics have taken steps broadly to make people feel less alone. In England, lonely seniors can call a hotline, known as the Silver Line, to speak with someone for however long they want, on any topic. The center receives about 10,000 calls a week.
Former Union Minister Yashwant Sinha's son Jayant and late Pramod Mahajan's daughter Poonam were among the 100 candidates finalised today by for polls.
Leader of the Opposition in will contest from Vidisha constituency in Madhya Pradesh, according to the list of nominees released by which also fielded former RJD leader Ram Kripal Yadav, who joined the party today, against Lalu Prasad's daughter Misa Bharti from Pataliputra constituency in Bihar.
The much-expected consideration of seats in was not made in today's meeting of the party's Committee which will meet again on Saturday.
Today's meeting decided to field former External Affairs Minister Yashwant Sinha's son Jayant from Hazaribagh constituency in Jharkhand.
"The decision was taken after senior leader Yashwant Sinha expressed his desire not to contest elections due to his age and said he will continue to serve the party by remaining out of electoral politics," BJP general secretary Ananth Kumar said.
Pramod Mahajan's daughter and BJYM secretary Poonam Mahajan has been fielded by the party from Mumbai North-Central constituency against Priya Dutt of Congress.
The party today finalised a total of 100 candidates in 11 states, including 25 in Bihar, 24 in Madhya Pradesh, 13 in Jharkhand, 14 in Kerala, 7 in West Bengal, 6 in Assam, 5 in Karnataka and 2 in Maharashtra.
This was the third list of BJP nominees and the first two lists had featured 106 candidates.
Hearts' irrepressible wingers sent their team to the top of the table as they beat Motherwell to secure their third straight Premiership victory.
Sam Nicholson created the opening goal in the first half by earning a penalty that Gavin Reilly converted.
Media playback is not supported on this device Interviews - Neilson & Baraclough
Billy King added the second after the break with a firm shot after his quick feet created space inside the area.
Motherwell could not handle Hearts' wide men, or the strength and command of the team as a whole.
Hearts took control of this game as though anything else would be an affront to them. They were ruggedly quick and purposeful in the opening spell, and it was clear that the two wide players - Nicholson and King - would be significant figures.
The centre of the pitch was loaded with players, as Motherwell sought to restrain their hosts, but Nicholson was occasionally elusive and one early dart infield finished with a fierce shot that forced a save from the Motherwell goalkeeper Connor Ripley.
Gavin Reilly celebrates his first half penalty
The vibrancy of Hearts seemed to subdue their opponents, and the two full-backs were so alarmed at Nicholson and King running at them that they both conceded fouls on the wingers in quick succession. Hearts were unable to capitalise, though, with the closest they came being an Igor Rossi header that was deflected wide.
Motherwell eventually found their counter-attacking range, but even with the pace of Lionel Ainsworth and Marvin Johnson, they were unable to create anything meaningful, with two breaks upfield ending with poor final passes.
There was an inevitability to the breakthrough when it came, since Nicholson's skill and pace was central. He darted and skipped past players as he ran at the heart of the Motherwell defence and drew a trip from Scott McDonald, with the referee Brian Colvin pointing to the spot after a moment's deliberation.
Reilly was immediately sure of himself, and confidently slotted the penalty kick beyond Ripley for a goal on his debut. There was almost a second goal for the impressive home crowd to savour, but Prince Buaben steered his header just wide after a clever cross from Nicholson.
Billy King hammers home Hearts' second goal from the edge of the area
Motherwell tried to be more assertive after the break, but continued to be hampered by their poor deliveries and decision-making in the final third. As if to turn the screw psychologically, Hearts sent on their top scorer Juanma. He took time to fit into the pace of the game, but by then the home side had extended their lead.
King had already seen a long-range effort tipped wide by Ripley when he received the ball on the right-hand side of the penalty area. Using a couple of step-overs to make space for himself, he then struck a low shot that bounced beneath Ripley's diving body and into the net.
Hearts were solid and well-organised, but with room for individual aplomb. In the build up to the second goal, the left-back Juwon Oshaniwa used a Cruyff turn to escape the pressure of Ainsworth. It was an adventurous cameo, but the victory was built on the sustained effectiveness of Nicholson and King.
My pastor's wife took this picture. You can see just how thick the ice was.
I tried to describe the intensity of our winter storm in my last post. No one around here, including the old-timers, have ever seen an ice storm that caused so much damage. I still haven't seen an official precipitation total, but the guys in our utility crews think we received between 2 and 3 inches of ice (freezing rain), which accumulated mainly on limbs and power lines.
On the evening news a few days ago, a reporter from one of our local TV stations picked up a small ice covered branch and weighed it—it was 20 pounds. Then she knocked off all the ice and weighed it again—this time it was only 3 pounds. The ice covered branch was almost 7 times its normal weight.
And from what I could tell, there wasn't as much ice on the branch she used in her demonstration as there was on the trees in our yard. Speaking of which, my daughter took a picture of the once stately 50-ft. oak tree towering over our front yard.
It doesn't look so stately there. It was strange hearing those giant limbs crack like shotgun blasts through the afternoon and evening. Although the tree was badly damaged, my house escaped. My father-in-law wasn't so fortunate. He has several large trees in his back yard. During the storm, an ice-laden branch broke and fell from one of them, pierced the steel roofing on his house, continued through the attic, stabbed the ceiling, and protruded about a foot into his bathroom.
Word from the AP this afternoon is that there are still about 22,000 homes and businesses in southern Missouri without power. Many of those are in and around Sikeston. My pastor and my oldest son are among them. One more post (perhaps) about the storm, and that will be it.
After around a month of debate, Senate Republicans have finally unveiled their health care bill, and they plan to vote on it by the end of June. It's unclear whether or not it has the votes to pass, but regardless, you may find yourself debating about the bill's merits at some point. If you oppose the GOP plan to gut Obamacare, there's an effective way to argue against the Republican health care bill.
The CBO has estimated that that bill would result in around 22 million Americans losing their health care by 2026. Broadly speaking, the health care proposal reduces federal subsidies for low-income Americans, repeals various taxes on high-income Americans, defunds Planned Parenthood for a year, fundamentally restructures Medicaid, and loosens regulations on what coverage insurers are required to include in their plans.
Shortly after this version of the bill was released, five Republican senators announced that they couldn't support it in its current form. Assuming every Democrat votes against it, that would leave the bill a few votes short of passage; however, the legislation will be amended before it comes up for a vote, so it's still quite possible that it could ultimately pass.
While Republican leadership is attempting to rally up the votes, here's how you can argue against the most common claims supporting the bill.
Common Argument #1: Obamacare Is Already Dead
CNN on YouTube
At a rally in April, President Trump said that "Obamacare's dead, it's gone," adding later that the law is "in a death spiral."
To be clear, the Affordable Care Act is still on the books, and millions of Americans continue to get their insurance through the law's various provisions. Therefore, there is no factual sense in which Obamacare is "gone."
But is the law in a "death spiral?" That term refers to a very specific situation. In health insurance debates, a death spiral occurs when the healthiest people in an insurance pool drop out, thus raising premiums for everyone else. These premium increases, in turn, convince even more relatively-healthy people to leave the market, causing a vicious cycle and eventually, the collapse of the that particular insurance pool.
According to PolitiFact, the Kaiser Family Foundation, and the Congressional Budget Office, Obamacare is not in a death spiral. There is no data suggesting that healthy people are leaving the health insurance market; in fact, the U.S. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services found that the healthiest demographic, Americans between the ages of 18 and 34, enrolled in Obamacare at the same rate in 2017 as they did the year before.
Associated Press on YouTube
The CBO determined in March that "the nongroup market" — that is, the group of people who don't receive health insurance from their employers — "would probably be stable in most areas" if Obamacare remained as is. This is largely because, as the CBO puts it, most people who buy their own insurance "are largely insulated from increases in premiums because their out-of-pocket payments for premiums are based on a percentage of their income; the government pays the difference."
The Kaiser Family Foundation wrote in December 2016 that while health care isn't in a death spiral, it could easily enter one if it's repealed. Meanwhile, various experts told FiveThirtyEight that the manner in which Obamacare restructured the insurance market has made the very concept of "death spirals" obsolete.
Common Argument #2: The Republican Bill Will Make Health Insurance More Affordable
Fox News on YouTube
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and other Republicans often say that the GOP bill will "lower premiums." Similarly, Trump promised that the legislation "will lower premiums & deductibles." The implication is that the legislation would make health insurance more affordable to consumers.
But it won't for two reasons. When the CBO projects that the Republican bill would "lower premiums," it means this in an extremely narrow (and somewhat misleading) sense: The CBO found that Americans who are still able to afford health insurance after the bill is passed will be paying less for that insurance. The problem is that millions of Americans won't be able to afford insurance if the Republican bill becomes law — around 22 million Americans, according to the CBO. Specifically, many older and sicker will see their premiums skyrocket; as a result, they will no longer be able to afford to pay them, so they'll be priced out of the market and left without health insurance.
Second of all, premiums aren't the end of the story with regard to the affordability of health insurance. The CBO also found that the Republican bill would result in higher deductibles for people who actually have to use their health insurance, thus increasing out-of-pocket costs.
Ryan's claim that the Republican bill will "lower premiums" is correct but misleading, as it incorrectly implies that consumers will be paying less for health insurance. Trump's claim that the plan will "lower deductibles" is factually incorrect.
Common Argument #3: Nobody Will Lose Coverage Under The Republican Bill
While discussing the Republican plan on Sunday, Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price claimed that "we would not have individuals lose coverage that they want for themselves and their family," and that the GOP bill "would not allow individuals to fall through the cracks."
However, according to the CBO, 22 million Americans would lose their health insurance by 2026 if the Republican bill becomes law.
Common Argument #4: The Republican Bill Does Not Cut Medicaid
ABC News on YouTube
Trump advisor Kellyanne Conway said the changes the Republican plan makes to Medicaid funding "are not cuts to Medicaid"; Trump himself pledged many times during the campaign that he wouldn't cut Medicaid.
But, in fact, the GOP bill would, in several different ways, both cut funding to Medicaid and reduce the number of Americans eligible to enroll in Medicaid. Under Obamacare, states are allowed to expand their Medicaid programs and allow more people to enroll, with the federal government paying for most of the additional costs; so far, 31 states and Washington D.C. have opted to do this.
However, the Republican bill would phase out this expansion: Starting in 2021, states would begin receiving less and less money from the federal government to fund their Medicaid expansions. Republican Sen. Pat Toomey's claim that the Republican bill will "make permanent the Medicaid expansion" is factually incorrect — the bill does no such thing.
The Republican proposal would also reduce overall funding to Medicaid. Under current law, the federal government pays each state for the cost of its Medicaid program, regardless of what that cost is or how many people are enrolled. The GOP plan would place limits on how much federal funding for Medicaid each state is allowed to receive now.
As Republican Sen. Susan Collins pointed out, the GOP bill would cut Medicaid quite significantly, resulting in 15 million fewer people being enrolled in Medicaid by 2026, according to the CBO.
Common Argument #5: The Republican Bill Will Continue Obamacare's Protections For People With Preexisting Conditions
WJHL on YouTube
Republican Sen. Lamar Alexander claimed that "the draft Senate healthcare bill makes no change in the law protecting people with preexisting conditions."
Obamacare prohibits insurers from denying comprehensive coverage to people based on preexisting conditions. It does this through a combination of policies:
Insurers have to offer insurance to everyone who wants to buy it; premiums have to be set based on the needs of the average community member, not any individual enrollee; insurance plans must cover 10 essential health benefits.
In conjunction, these policies mean that insurers have to offer reasonably-priced, comprehensive health plans to people with preexisting conditions.
The GOP bill, however, would allow state governments to exempt insurance companies in their states from the 10 essential health benefits requirement; the manner in which it does this is extremely complicated, but you can read more about it here. Essentially, it means that a person in one of those states with a preexisting condition may only be offered a skimpy, bare-bones insurance plan that doesn't actually cover, for instance, the preexisting condition that they have.
Common Argument #6: The Republican Bill Was Written Transparently
GOP Sen. John Cornyn told the Associated Press that he "can't imagine a more transparent and open process" than the one Republican senators used to craft their health care bill.
However, Obamacare was written in a much more open and transparent manner. Most importantly, the Senate held over 30 public hearings on Obamacare while hammering out the details of the bill. By contrast, Senate Republicans haven't held a single open hearing on their bill since announcing it in May; instead, the legislation was crafted in secret by a group of 13 Republican Senators (all of them men).
"If you're frustrated by the lack of transparency in this process, I share your frustration," Sen. Mike Lee told Bloomberg. "I share it wholeheartedly."
It's also worth noting that Senate Democrats spent around a year writing and debating Obamacare, while Senate Republicans will have completed that entire process in roughly a month by the time they vote.
Those are probably the six most common arguments in favor of the Republican bill. Now, you know how to debunk each and every one of them.
Luke 22:47-53 New International Version (NIV)
Jesus Arrested
47 While he was still speaking a crowd came up, and the man who was called Judas, one of the Twelve, was leading them. He approached Jesus to kiss him, 48 but Jesus asked him, “Judas, are you betraying the Son of Man with a kiss?”
49 When Jesus' followers saw what was going to happen, they said, “Lord, should we strike with our swords?” 50 And one of them struck the servant of the high priest, cutting off his right ear.
51 But Jesus answered, “No more of this!” And he touched the man's ear and healed him.
52 Then Jesus said to the chief priests, the officers of the temple guard, and the elders, who had come for him, “Am I leading a rebellion, that you have come with swords and clubs? 53 Every day I was with you in the temple courts, and you did not lay a hand on me. But this is your hour—when darkness reigns.”
WikiLeaks has released a CIA data dump titled “Vault 7 Part 1 “Year Zero”: Inside the CIA's global hacking force.”
WikiLeaks sent out multiple tweets today in relation to a new batch of information set to be published following a press conference at 8AM ET. The release was given the codename “Year Zero” and related to what WikiLeaks called a “CIA global hacking force.”
RELEASE: Vault 7 Part 1 "Year Zero": Inside the CIA's global hacking force https://t.co/h5wzfrReyy pic.twitter.com/N2lxyHH9jp — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 7, 2017
At 8AM WikiLeaks claimed that their live streaming services were “under attack” and that they were “activating contingency.”
Press conf under attack: Facebook+Periscope video used by WikiLeaks' editor Julian Assange have been attacked. Activating contingency (1/2) — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 7, 2017
A few minutes later, WikiLeaks tweeted the decryption passphrase for the CIA data dump which reads, “SplinterItIntoAThousandPiecesAndScatterItIntoTheWinds”,
RELEASE: CIA Vault 7 Year Zero decryption passphrase: SplinterItIntoAThousandPiecesAndScatterItIntoTheWinds — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 7, 2017
WikiLeaks has since announced that Julian Assange's press conference relating to the data dump will be rescheduled for a later time,
NOTICE: As Mr. Assange's Perscipe+Facebook video stream links are under attack his video press conference will be rescheduled. — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 7, 2017
Breitbart will be reporting on the leaks as events unfold.
Texas could soon be the next state to legalize the use of medical marijuana, joining 28 other states and the District of Columbia.
State Senator Jose Menendez (D-San Antonio) will file a bill Tuesday to allow people with debilitating and chronic medical conditions to get cannabis under the recommendation and consultation of their doctor, his office said Monday.
Cancer, PTSD, autism, HIV, severe pain and nausea, and Parkinson's are just a few of the ailments that would qualify. Senator Menendez told KHOU he believes veterans who are in pain but don't want to risk addiction and side effects from prescription drugs especially could benefit from legalization.
Dwight Clark, Legislative Director for Sen. Menendez, says the bill does not specify the amount of cannabis patients can get and in what form because the senator believes doctors should make that call, not politicians.
Clark says patients would receive cannabis through a network of private dispensaries and operators, similar to pharmacies, regulated under “strict guidelines” by the Texas Department of Public Safety. The state would use existing infrastructure and build upon the registry already established under the Compassionate Use Act, or SB 339, a 2015 bill Sen. Menendez co-authored and helped pass that lets patients with intractable epilepsy receive low-THC cannabis oil.
Registered patients would show a card to verify their status to the dispensaries, who would then log the transaction into a database to protect against abuse. DPS would monitor all activity.
Clark says the program would be “cost neutral” because expenses would be offset by licensing and registration fees paid to the state by cultivators and operators.
Sen. Menendez says he's “cautiously optimistic” the bill could pass, though he says he's a “realist” and understands the conservative makeup of the legislature.
“I would hope that people don't just refuse to listen to the upside of this without an open public hearing,” said Sen. Menendez, who says he's hoping to build off the success of SB 339.
If this current bill passes, the senator says he would like to arrange a meeting with Governor Greg Abbott, who has previously said he won't allow medical marijuana, along with doctors and veterans.
The 85th Texas Legislative session will begin on Jan. 10, 2017.
LINCOLNTON, N.C. -- A Lincoln County Sheriff's Deputy is out of a job and could face criminal charges after the Sheriff says she accidentally shot her daughter while showing off her gun to friends.
Investigators say the 11-year-old girl has been upgraded to good condition at CMC in Charlotte.
You can see the remnants of Saturday night's Halloween party on the front porch of the Lincoln County home.
Neighbor Joann Helms remembers, "They all had flashlights, running around screaming, scaring each other."
And then a terrifying and very real scare was called into 911.
"There's a young child here-- she's been shot by a firearm-- her stomach is bleeding out."
Investigators say Lincoln County Sheriff's deputy Misty Flowers hosted the party in her home.
Sheriff David Carpenter said, "She was evidently showing her firearm to friends in her home."
The glock went off, the bullet went through a wall and hit her 11-year-old daughter.
The 911 call describes the pain the little girl suffered.
"Is she awake? She's awake, she's just in a lot of pain. She's breathing, she's been shot in the stomach."
"I was shocked in how it happened, being a police officer you'd think she'd look [and] see if [the] gun [was] loaded before showing it to everybody," one neighbor said.
The sheriff agreed; he fired Flowers for negligence.
"It is my determination that there was some negligence involved, therefore, I just can't tolerate that."
"In my 32 years, I've never heard of an incident like this happening," he said.
Flowers had been a patrol officer and was most recently assigned to work security at the courthouse.
Flowers has been in trouble once before for something minor.
She now could face criminal charges, though, the SBI says they'll know more on that front later this week.
Copyright 2016 WCNC
One morning, I employed the FF's heroic power plant on a preschool run, my 2-year-old strapped into a car seat in the back. The FF was very likely the only vehicle in the school parking lot that day with a quoted top speed of 208 m.p.h. Does FF stand for “family fun”?
Actually FF stands for “Ferrari four,” a reference to the four seats and four-wheel drive. Which is actually all-wheel drive, under the usual definition, at least up until about 130 m.p.h., when it becomes rear-wheel drive. The power distribution gets quite complicated, but if you like transmissions you'll love the FF, because it has two of them.
Like the 458 Italia, the FF's electronic aggressiveness is controlled via the manettino, a small red switch on the steering wheel. Unlike the 458, the FF's manettino has no race mode. Which is too bad, because on the 458, “race” sets the active exhaust to its most vocal setting, and you want to hear the FF's song as often as possible. Conventional V-12 engines are renowned for soothing, buttery power, but the FF's flat-plane crankshaft imbues the exhaust note with a hard-edge malevolent bark. If the FF's 12 pistons were a jury, they'd never reach a verdict.
To its everlasting credit, Ferrari programs its engine-management electronics to let you rev the engine in neutral. This sounds juvenile and pointless but is something you find yourself doing surprisingly often, possibly in the garage while your children are napping inside the house. Were napping, that is.
To better enjoy the V12's comely song, I drove around with the windows down most of the time. Which meant I couldn't really hear the stereo, and that was all right, because the FF uses the same stereo and navigation system that you find in a Jeep Wrangler (an odd bit of corporate synergy from a fellow Fiat brand).
Of course, nobody buys a Ferrari for the stereo, but maybe someone at Bang & Olufsen or McIntosh needs to make a cold call to Ferrari headquarters in Maranello, Italy. Until then, I'm sure you have the option to just cover the thing with a nice piece of leather.
I get the impression that anything in the FF can be covered in leather, possibly including the inside of the windshield. (Just leave me a small portal, Signore Schedoni.) The car I drove had a leather headliner and smelled like a winning lottery ticket. Which, if you're wondering, smells like the inside of a Ferragamo store.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
That leather ceiling was but one option on a dauntingly vast list. This particular FF in Grigio Abu Dhabi paint (what the peons call “silver”) was stocked with $74,891 in options, bringing the tab to $377,431. That works out to less than $100,000 per passenger, since the FF can actually seat four adults.
I'd consider many of these items to be must-haves, like the sport exhaust system and the height-adjustable suspension that can raise the front end to negotiate steep driveways. You'll want a healthy budget for fuel, too, because the federal combined city-highway fuel economy rating is 13 m.p.g.
Other options I could live without, like the yellow Scuderia Ferrari badges on the flanks. Given this car's Formula One soundtrack, its radical proportions, its sneering maw of an egg-crate grille, do you need extra badges to tell the world that this is a Ferrari? What else could it be? Affixing more badges to an FF is like welcoming Sophia Vergara to a dinner party and handing her a nametag.
I never had the good fortune to pilot the FF through a snowstorm, but on dry pavement the all-wheel-drive system and its front-wheel torque vectoring manifest themselves as preternatural poise. You just keep accelerating through a big, sweeping bend and the car simply goes where you aim it, faster and faster, as if there's a black hole just beyond the corner exit.
At some point, of course, the FF must relinquish its stranglehold on the pavement, but that will happen at speeds you probably shouldn't visit outside your private airstrip. You may be moved to issue warnings to your passengers, along the lines of: “You won't think this car is capable of what it's about to do. Just trust me that we're nowhere near the limits.”
Before the arrival of the FF, this was the sort of vehicle that the Sultan of Brunei would have commissioned for himself, at great expense. Sure, $300,000 is a lot of money, but it's probably a steal compared with what the Sultan must have paid for his custom Ferrari 456 wagon in the '90s. And you can drive it year-round, with jealous relatives or your purebred Chinese cresteds (or both) along for the ride.
Put it this way: this is the Ferrari for people who aren't buying their first Ferrari. Understand that, and you understand the decision to step outside the safe confines of supercar orthodoxy. Unlike the 458 Italia or the 599 GTB, each descended from decades' worth of predecessors, the FF is a new branch on the family tree. It's a daring car, and I love the confidence it represents.
Ferrari could have just gone with the crowd and built a low-slung four-door like the Aston Martin Rapide. Instead it built a modern version of the 1961 Ferrari 250 GT Breadvan racecar, and bully on them for doing it. The world has enough Mercedes CLS clones. It doesn't have nearly enough Ferrari shooting brakes.

INSIDE TRACK: The first all-season Ferrari.
Are the Bears now the favorites in the NFC North?
In one day, the Bears seemingly addressed their 20-year old quarterback problem and also added a significant piece to their offensive line. In one day, the Bears might have gone from a .500 team to the perennial favorites in the NFC North.
It's way too early to be getting into predictions for the 2009 NFL Season. Voluntary workouts have begun, but the draft is still weeks away and teams are still trying to reshape their rosters.
But with the trade acquisition of Jay Cutler and the signing of left tackle Orlando Pace, the Bears significantly upgraded their offense and hopefully made current players like Matt Forte, Devin Hester, Frank Omiyale and Chris Williams better.
Make no mistake – Chicago is far from a Super Bowl contender. They still need to upgrade their wide receiver position, could use another defensive end to throw in the mix with Alex Brown, Adewale Ogunleye and Mark Anderson, and even though they signed Josh Bullocks this offseason, they could still use an upgrade at safety as well.
But while every team in the division has arguably gotten weaker, the Bears have upgraded. The Vikings are still pretty strong, but they lost long-time center Matt Birk and still have questions to be answered at quarterback. The Packers are planning to run a 3-4 defense next season, but have done next to nothing to add true 3-4 personnel and the Lions will continue to take a sandblaster to their entire roster.
Perhaps the biggest thing holding the Bears back is offensive coordinator Ron Turner, who can be less than innovative at times. Maybe that's only because he hasn't had the personnel to run his offense at full tilt, but the bottom line is that Cutler is the type of quarterback that Turner will have to unleash. It would have been foolish for the Bears to acquire a big-armed quarterback if they're not going to push the ball up the field through the air. I'm not saying they should go Run n' Shoot because after all, that's never been the Bears' style. But now that Turner has weapon in Cutler, he needs to use him.
Again, it's early. The draft will give us a better indication of how the Vikings and Packers will look next season and the Lions could even improve if GM Martin Mayhew uses all of his picks intelligently (i.e. not like Matt Millen). But anyone who thinks Chicago was fleeced in the Cutler deal hasn't been paying attention. GM Jerry Angelo makes his money in rounds 2 through 7 and now that he doesn't have to worry about squandering yet another first round pick, he can do what he does best – find gems in the middle rounds.
Assuming Cutler can put down the Kleenex for two seconds and stop crying about his situation and just play ball, the Bears are going to be tough to beat in the North next year.
Media playback is not supported on this device Man City boss Pellegrini says sacking managers not the answer
Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini claims clubs should not see sacking the manager as a cure for their problems.
Pellegrini's position has come under scrutiny with Premier League champions City 12 points behind leaders Chelsea.
Pellegrini said: "Every time you manage an important club, not just Manchester City, if you don't have the results the club deserves, everyone talks about changing the manager.
"It's very easy to sack the manager, but that's not the correct diagnostic."
Pellegrini's deal at City runs out in summer 2016 and, although he says no talks have taken place about extending his contract, he is keen to stay.
"I'm very happy at Manchester City - one of the biggest clubs in the world," said the 61-year-old.
"I'm happy with the fans, owners - disappointed with results but very happy here.
"I have one more year, I don't need [talks]. I had a contract for three years, I don't talk about extending. The first year was very good, second year not so good."
Pellegrini on Klopp speculation
Manchester City have lost their last four away games in the Premier League
Jurgen Klopp has been linked with a possible move to Manchester City when he leaves Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
But City have played down such a move and Pellegrini said he does not require any assurance about his position from the club's owners.
He added: "You must manage with all kinds of rumour. I trust the work I do. You cannot win the title every year.
"I'm not thinking about next year. I keep working as I know I have the support of the owners and players - that's why I don't feel pressure. I think of the present, not the future. I don't need assurances."
Importance of Champions League spot
Media playback is not supported on this device MOTD3: Pressure mounts on Pellegrini
Manchester City are currently fourth in the Premier League in the top-flight's last qualifying position for next season's Champions League.
They have four points more than fifth-placed Liverpool going into the final six games of the season.
"It's very important for big teams to be in the Champions League," said Pellegrini.
"Manchester United weren't in it last year. Part of our project is to be in the Champions League and I'm sure we will win on Sunday against West Ham and be in the Champions League."
Pellegrini on plans for Toure
Midfielder Yaya Toure's future at City beyond the end of the season has also been called into doubt following some poor performances in recent weeks.
But Pellegrini said: "Yaya is a very important player for our team. Everyone is waiting to criticise him. He'll keep playing here.
"For a lot of reasons he's not the same Yaya as last season but he continues to be a very important player to the team.
"We need to support him to get back to his performance."
Fallout from the derby defeat
Manuel Pellegrini led Manchester City to the Premier League title in his first season in charge
A number of City's players came in for criticism following last Sunday's 4-2 derby loss at Manchester United.
Pellegrini said: "When you lose a game the first day is always difficult. Especially when you lost the derby, it's more difficult. We are not having the results we deserve.
"We defended very badly last week. We are the team that always has most possession of the ball in every game. When you're not winning things are negative. Two or three balls change everything.
"It's my responsibility for the whole squad, the whole performance. I trust in my players. Players have responsibility for what happened during the game, but I chose the players."
Vincent Kompany fitness worry
Captain Vincent Kompany will miss City's home Premier League game against West Ham on Sunday (kick-off 13.30 BST) after coming off at half-time at Old Trafford last weekend and may not play again this season.
Pellegrini confirmed: "Kompany is injured. It's a muscle injury, I don't know if he will be fit between now and the end of the season."
Pellegrini on relationship with City fans
"I never heard a problem with fans. I don't know what fans you're talking about. It's very important to be on the same link - owners, managers, fans.
"Last year we won the league. Every team has bad moments. We need to stick together."
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has postponed talks with Molde over a contract extension to consider options for his future.
The 40-year-old has been in charge of Molde since 2011. Since taking over, he steered them to their first ever Norwegian league title in that year, followed it up with the title in 2012 and won the Norwegian Cup in 2013 as his management credentials grow year on year.
He has shown fantastic ability as a manager in his short career so far and has been widely tipped as a potential future top manager.
Although he has had a lot of success with Molde, this week his chairman confirmed that talks for a contract extension have been delayed to give Solskjaer time to think about his next move.
“Solskjær has expressed the need to consider his future,” Molde's chairman said.
“We have agreed he will get until at least Christmas.”
Former #MUFC striker Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has postponed contract talks with Molde. I think he's heading to England. — Kristan Heneage (@KHeneage) December 8, 2013
Solskjaer was head of United's Reserves for three years between 2008-2011 and won four pieces of silverware in that time so he is no stranger to winning as a manager.
He has no qualms in admitting that his dream job is United and it would be great to have him in the management team in the future, although now isn't the right time despite Moyes' struggles.
The vacant job at Sheffield Wednesday could be an appealing move for and if he can make a success of it in the Championship, he would increase his ever-growing stature which would put him in good stead to get a position at Old Trafford a few years down the line
Hypothetically, United's back room staff could soon include Giggs, Butt, Neville, Scholes and Solskjaer – that would be brilliant.
Curious if you're the only person at your job who got a small bonus last year? Wondering if your boss has ever taken credit for an employee's work? Perhaps you're simply trying to figure out if the playful culture conveyed by an HR person is the real environment you'll find when you start your new job.
A career site launched Tuesday called theFIT.com asks the questions you want to know the answers to but would never work up the nerve to actually ask.
The site — created by career software provider Bullhorn — is a new hub for job seekers and current employees looking for more information about companies. It's not a dig-up-dirt site — it's more about understanding the corporate culture of where you work or where you want to work. Users answer multiple-choice questions, so there's no room for reviews from disgruntled formal employees or workers looking to kiss up to management.
Some questions are heavy hitting about work fairness and boss-interactions, while others are more playful, such as "Do you prefer Facebook or Twitter?" and "Would you rather have dinner with President Obama or The Kardashians?"
Users can see how their company's answers compare to those at other businesses. In addition, questions such as "Are you introverted?" give employees a deeper look into the personalities of co-workers. The identities of those who answer the questions are kept confidential, except if the user chooses to let people know their answers. However, revealing your identity is only possible on a few sections of the site, such as the area where you can answer fun questions about interests and preferences.
"There is a trend on the Internet that allows people to read reviews and fully assess before making a purchase," theFIT CEO Art Papas told Mashable. "The employment industry is tricky because it's hard for people to speak freely and not get in trouble but still get the information they need. We created a platform that makes it easy for people to learn more about the corporate culture of businesses."
SEE ALSO: The 9 Oddest Job Interview Questions Asked at Tech Companies in 2011
Papas — who came up with the concept after a job early in his career made him wish there was a platform that could have prepared him for the dry corporate culture at the office — said that he hopes users will visit the site often, even when not looking for a new job.
"It's not filled with boring surveys about what you like about your job, but rather fun questions that foster authentic answers and reveal the true culture of a workplace,” said Art Papas, CEO of theFIT.
Papas said he wouldn't be surprised if some employers encouraged workers to not be on the site, but he said the platform is set up to create a sense of honesty and truth about corporate culture, so employees make the best decision for them when accepting a job.
TheFit.com has already been passed around through various industries. In fact, the site reveals that 73% of respondents employed at Google said their friends would be jealous of their paychecks and 29% said they could take a trip around the world with their bonuses. Google participants also noted that the high majority of their bosses were male.
The site also revealed that 30% of respondents who work for the U.S. Government noted that their boss has taken credit for other people's work. Although 15% said it happens often, about 55% said they have never encountered a problem.
As of now, 4,000 users are already registered on the site. theFIT — which also integrates with Facebook and LinkedIn so job seekers can browse openings and use their social connections to network with others — has been rolled out to businesses in Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Dallas-Fort Worth, Houston, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Oakland, San Diego, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington, D.C.
Thumbnail image courtesy of iStockphoto, 4x6
- Advertisement -
By Dave Lindorff
AIG, the quintessential blue-chip, one of the 30 companies that
compose the Dow Jones Industrial Average, a company that in 2000
boasted a market capitalization of $217 billion, making it the largest
financial institution in the world, is teetering on the brink of
collapse. Worth just $7 billion today, the future of what was until
recently the world's largest insurance company is hanging by a
thread—that thread being the willingness of Wall Street institutions
like Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, themselves facing credit issues,
to come up with $75 billion in rescue loans.
It used to be that investors who were worried about financial
markets, or who didn't like to take big risks, would put their money in
what were called “blue chips”—companies that were deemed conservative,
safe investments that could weather any storm. They had names like
AT&T, General Motors, Ford, Boeing…and AIG.
Well, AT&T is a shadow of its former self, GM and Ford are both
being talked of as dead men walking by analysts, Boeing is on
life-support, or, since it is being propped up by its military
contracts, more appropriately death support, and AIG, well, it's
already got one foot in the grave.
- Advertisement -
There really are no blue chips any more. The largest companies in
the world, as Enron showed, can vanish overnight in a puff of smoke.
Look at Lehman Brothers. Here today, then, poof, gone tomorrow.
In AIG's case, if the insurance giant goes under, it may take a lot with it.
An article today in the Australian daily The Australian (Rupert Murdoch's NewsCorp flagship and hardly a Marxian rag) put it this way:
- Advertisement -
Should the US Treasury and Federal Reserve fail in last-ditch
efforts to secure breathing space for AIG, then sub-prime's cascading
woes will have slowly smashed financial markets into worse shape than
the legendary market meltdown of 1987.
And, from there, governments and banking regulators alike will have
to ponder the previously unthinkable: are we on the way to a place
comparable with 1929?
So what are anxious investors to do? Clearly there are no safes
harbors in the stock market, which could as easily drop 40 percent or
70 percent tomorrow as rise 3 percent. Bonds don't look much better.
They may be more stable than equities, but not if the company that
issues them goes bust. Then they are worthless scraps of paper, no
better than the share certificates for Fannie Mae that are now being
used to line cat litter boxes. The ratings agencies, like
Standard&Poors, Fitch and Moody's, while exercising their usual
timidity about downgrading a major corporate entity, have belatedly
knocked AIG's credit rating down two notches today, which is their way
of hinting that if you are an AIG bondholder, you have a significantly
greater chance of losing your shirt.
Nor is it just investors who have to fear. Individuals who have
tried to protect their families by purchasing life insurance policies,
or who have sought to establish a secure retirement income by buying
annuities from AIG, need to worry about whether the company will be
around to make the payments when they or their beneficiaries need them.
Sure, the states, which are responsible in the US for regulating the
insurance industries, for the most part have established reserve funds
to backstop insurance carriers, but like the FDIC which insures bank
deposits up to only $100,000, these funds generally only back the first
$100,000 of insurance or annuity coverage as a “cash surrender” value,
or $300,000 as a benefit payout. But those state guaranty funds were
designed to protect people from failures of fly-by-night insurance
operations. They are woefully underfunded for companies on the scale of
AIG.
AIG is such a giant in the insurance business that as one corporate treasurer told The Australian:
“If AIG collapses, then the world doesn't have insurance.”
- Advertisement -
The New York Times, commenting on fears among ordinary people that their insurance or their annuities may not be there when needed, quoted one insurance adviser,
Glenn Daily, who said a client who was an AIG policyholder was
borrowing the maximum against his life policy, planning to park that
money somewhere to see if the AIG crisis blows over. But he added
darkly, “If everyone does this, the company could be driven out of
business.”
Actually, it's worse than that. As Michael Lewitt, a Florida-based money manager, wrote today in an opinion article in today's New York Times,
AIG is a key player in the $60 trillion (yes that's trillion with a
“T”!) credit swap default market, a huge, international and wholly
unregulated field in which hedge funds play, and whose collapse would
make the 1929 Great Crash look like a minor fender-bender.
So that's what it's coming down to. There are no Blue Chip refuges
from the rolling disaster that is the US economy today. And there are
no easy rescues—indeed according to one theory Treasury Secretary Henry
Paulson let Lehman Brothers go bust because he knew he needed what
funds the Treasury has left to try to keep AIG alive. It's all a
fragile, interconnected house of cards, propped up by a residual faith
among ordinary investors who, at least so far, still think it has some
kind of inherent structure to it. As card after card gets pulled out of
that rickety stack—first Bear Stearns, then IndyMac Bank, then Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, then Lehman Brothers, now perhaps AIG and
Washington Mutual, a large savings institution that is on a death
watch—at some point those investors and now insurance clients, too, may
all decide to take their money and go home, and the whole thing will
come crashing down.
Next Page 1 | 2
An alarming percentage of Republicans and Trump supporters see the press as "an enemy of the American people." Meanwhile, Democrats are seeing a surge in trust and confidence in the press.
The presidency of Donald Trump has caused Democrats to experience a surge in confidence in the press at the same time that Republicans and Trump supporters are expressing more extreme, negative views of the media, according to new research released today. But while views of the media are becoming even more divided along party lines, the researchers also found evidence that online media consumption habits of Democrats and Republicans may be less polarized than commonly believed. “Trump has sparked unprecedented levels of polarization in views toward the media. In the period for which we have data, Democrats and Republicans have never had such disparate levels of trust and confidence in the media,” Brendan Nyhan, a professor of political science at Dartmouth College and coauthor of the study, told BuzzFeed News. The research is based on a representative survey of 2,100 American adults conducted by YouGov in November, as well as an analysis of anonymized desktop web-browsing data collected from participants during a one-week period. Nyhan and his coauthors, Andrew Guess from Princeton and Jason Reifler from the University of Exeter, are presenting their paper today at a journalism ethics summit in Washington, DC, called The Press and the President: Trust and the Media in a New Era. The event is organized by the Poynter Institute for Media Studies, a nonpartisan, nonprofit journalism think tank and teaching institute. The research, which forms the basis for the first Poynter Media Trust Survey, was funded by Poynter and a grant from the Craig Newmark Philanthropies. Nyhan said Trump's negative approach to the press could be causing “the strongest relationship between presidential approval and media attitudes that has been observed to date.” The survey found that 74% of respondents who identify as Democrats, or who lean Democratic, have “a great deal” (19%) or “a fair amount” (55%) of confidence in the media. A poll taken in September 2016 asked the same question and found that 51% of Democrats expressed the same level of support, meaning that their confidence has increased 23 percentage points in just one year. Seventy-four percent confidence in the press is the highest level registered for Democrats since 1997, the earliest date for which similar data is available.
Poynter Media Trust Survey Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share Share on Pinterest Share on Pinterest Pin Pinterest Pinterest
Meanwhile, just 19% of respondents who identified as Republicans, or who lean Republican, expressed “a great deal” or “a fair amount” of confidence in the media. “Democrats still do not love the press — only 19 percent express ‘a great deal' of trust and confidence — but they are far more positive than in the past,” Nyhan said. “We interpret this increase as reflecting a recognition of the role of the media in holding an opposition president accountable, especially when his party controls both chambers of Congress.” The surge in trust and confidence in the media among Democrats helped drive the overall results to “a level of support not seen since after the 2001 terrorist attacks,” the authors write.
Poynter Media Trust Survey Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share Share on Pinterest Share on Pinterest Pin Pinterest Pinterest
But that result masks a deeply polarized electorate whose party affiliation and level of support, or disapproval, of Trump increasingly dictates their view of the media. The researchers found that Republicans and Trump supporters are today “far more likely to endorse extreme claims about media fabrication, to describe journalists as an enemy of the people, and to support restrictions on press freedom.” More than 60% of respondents who identified as approving of Trump agreed with the president's statement that the media is an “enemy of the American people.” Among Trump disapprovers, roughly 15% agreed with the statement. When asked if they agree with the statement that the media “keep political leaders from doing their job,” the percentages were roughly the same.
Poynter Media Trust Survey Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share Share on Pinterest Share on Pinterest Pin Pinterest Pinterest
Nyhan said responses to these survey questions don't indicate whether individual respondents would, for example, like to see reporters jailed. “It's important not to get too hyper-literal about what they mean, but it's certainly concerning that they are even willing to say [the press is the enemy of the people] and indicate it in a survey,” he said. Overall more Americans endorsed these “extreme” positions than the researchers had expected. “Most disturbingly, one in four Americans (25%) endorses draconian limitations on press freedom” that would give government officials the right to stop a media outlet from publishing a story, the researchers found. The survey also revealed another way Republicans and Democrats differ when it comes to opinions of the media: Republicans with high level of knowledge about politics have less confidence in the press than Republicans with low levels of knowledge. For Democrats it's the reverse — those with high knowledge are more likely to have confidence in the press, while those with low knowledge also have low confidence.
Poynter Media Trust Survey Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share Share on Pinterest Share on Pinterest Pin Pinterest Pinterest
The researchers believe this is likely a result of vastly different messages about the media coming from Democratic and Republican elites. “If you're a politically aware Democrat, you've been exposed to a lot of ideas about the critical importance of the media and other mainstream institutions, especially in the past year,” Andrew Guess of Princeton told BuzzFeed News. “For politically aware Republicans, the message has often been quite different.” Nyhan said “one of the principles of public opinion is that the most knowledgeable people are most likely to hear and follow cues from like-minded partisan elites.” The level of political knowledge of respondents was determined based on their responses to a series of factual assertions such as “Rex Tillerson is the current US Secretary of State.” Polarized News Consumption In addition to asking questions, the researchers analyzed anonymized web-browsing data from survey participants. This enabled them to compare what people said about their online news consumption with data about the sites they actually visited using desktop computers. One key finding is that respondents had a tendency to overreport their use of partisan news sources. “Democrats seem to overreport visiting the Huffington Post and Republicans tend to underreport doing so. The converse is true for Fox News — Republicans tend to overreport visiting the Fox News website while Democrats seem to underreport,” the researchers write.
Poynter Media Trust Survey Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share Share on Pinterest Share on Pinterest Pin Pinterest Pinterest
Nyhan said this shows that “people's perceptions of what they're reading and what they're actually reading are different.” Guess said it's possible that people overreport their consumption of partisan media to reflect their political identity. “Democrats are more likely to say they visit the Huffington Post than they actually do, for instance, because being a Huffington Post reader is possibly seen as part of being a good Democrat,” he said. “Put together, patterns like these suggest that the conventional wisdom is skewed toward thinking that people's media diets are more polarized than they actually are.” Nyhan said this new data is “consistent with the notion that fears about ‘echo chambers' may be overstated.”
Thirty years ago, Stephanie Posey was on the football field twirling batons.
Performing during halftimes is one of Posey's fondest high school memories. Being new to Naperville North, she hopes to provide students with similar experiences: moments that they'll recall 30 years from now.
Now, Posey can be found behind the principal's desk at NNHS. Transitioning from Bellville East High School, Posey said she has experienced a warm welcome.
“When you come in the door here, you can tell that kids love being Huskies,” Posey said.
Last year, several rumors regarding Posey's plans for policy changes and senior traditions began to travel through the student body. These concerns included cell phones being completely banned and seniors not being allowed to run through the hallways on the first day of school. Student activities director Jennifer Baumgartner explained that these details were the least of Posey's worries.
“Here the seniors are running through the hallways in their cute little outfits and when you tell them to go to class they do,” Baumgartner said. “It was awesome.”
Before Posey came Naperville North, she was working at a high school with a smaller student body than NNHS': 2,500 students. Her previous district was high school only, so coming into North and seeing grade schools attached to the district was a major difference.
Former principal Kevin Pobst was warmly regarded by many students. Pobst's personality allowed him to interact well with students. Nevertheless, many students believe that Posey will live up to the standards that Pobst left behind.
Senior Kendall Wolniewicz said she was a little bummed out after hearing that Pobst wouldn't be returning for her senior year. She was afraid that traditions she had been looking forward too would change. But after meeting Posey, she knew her senior year would be just as enjoyable as if Pobst never left.
“She supports everything as much as Mr. Pobst would,” said Wolniewicz.
Not only does Posey support NNHS, but she said that high schools students truly are her passion.
“My friends and family would definitely say that I'm very dedicated to anything that has to do with high school. To be honest, high school kids are my hobby,” Posey said.
Baumgartner said that she has no worries about Posey. Recalling the time that Pobst left, Baumgartner said that he assured her, “Jen, you're in good hands.”
Clinton police and federal agents seized 2,200 pounds of marijuana worth more than $6 million from a warehouse and discovered a sophisticated growing operation, according to authorities.
The drug bust occurred Tuesday morning at a property on 843 Main St. The 8,000-square-foot garage was attached to a single-family house, police said.
The warehouse was targeted by authorities as part of an on-going investigation into an alleged indoor marijuana growing operation at the property.
While executing a search warrant on the property, police arrested Sean Matt, 29, of Worcester and Thomas Laverty, 37, of Clinton. Both men were arrested without incident at the warehouse.
Inside the warehouse, investigators from Clinton police and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration discovered a large and sophisticated marijuana-growing operation, police said.
The warehouse contained air-circulating machines, irrigation systems, plant food, indoor plant lighting and more than 1,029 marijuana plants. Police also seized an undisclosed amount of cash and three motor vehicles.
Matt and Laverty were charged with manufacturing, distributing and cultivating marijuana, conspiracy to violate controlled substance laws and trafficking more than 50 pounds of marijuana. They were arraigned in Clinton District Court Wednesday and held on $100,000 bail, police said.
As part of the investigation, police also executed a search warrant in Millbury around the same time as the Clinton bust.
Hollywood transformed into Britain in the Middle Ages on Monday night at the world premiere of Warner Bros.' “King Arthur: Legend of the Sword” at the TCL Chinese.
Charlie Hunnam fondly recalled watching John Boorman's 1981 film “Excalibur” as a young boy growing up in England.
“I watched it about 15 times when I was six or seven, and I was a little bit young to understand some of the big things that they were exploring — big questions, eternal questions,” he admitted. “I don't think I was cognizant of that beyond just the action and adventure. But it was the first time I looked beyond the action and wondered how you would put action scenes together.”
Hunnam plays the legendary king in the new film. He said that “Excalibur,” which starred Nigel Terry in role of Arthur, had a profound influence on his artistic life. “It was the one that I just latched on to and started me on that journey of exploration of what filmmaking is all about.”
Djimon Hounsou, who plays Arthur's ally Sir Bedivere, said that “King Arthur” has a contemporary feel with racial integration among the key characters.
“I think it's one of the big attributes of the story and it resonates about what's going on in the world,” he admitted. “There were a lot of Moors during that period that were so instrumental. No one really talks about that.”
Director Guy Ritchie shot the film in 2015 and co-wrote the script with Joby Harold and Lionel Wigram. He noted that while the movie is meant to be accessible to audiences, it was also crucial to keep in mind the original King Arthur legend that dated back to the 5th and 6th centuries.
“You've got to honor the essence of the narrative for the story to resonate,” Ritchie added.
The premiere festivities kicked off with costumed knights arriving on horses on Hollywood Boulevard.
The after-party at the Roosevelt Hotel featured plenty of coats of arms decorations and several large swords in stones. “King Arthur: Legend of the Sword” opens May 12.
A man passes by the East side of the U.S. Capitol last month. (Photo by Oliver Contreras/For The Washington Post)
Corporate uncertainty about whether the Trump administration will be able to deliver on numerous promises — including tax cuts, health care, a China crackdown and infrastructure — has forced many companies to put important hiring and investment decisions on hold, potentially crimping an economic expansion that appears ready to accelerate.
A Washington Post review of dozens of conference calls in recent weeks between chief executives and analysts show how the fog of policymaking is paralyzing many companies from taking risks that in normal times would help them grow. The conference calls were held as part of a quarterly ritual in which executives discuss their firm's performance and outlook for the future, and they give voice to some of the reasons U.S. economic growth has been so weak at a time when inflation and interest rates remain historically low.
One manufacturing company is having a hard time making acquisitions because other companies are waiting to see what happens with tax incentives.
A staffing executive says firms are still hesitant to boost hiring until they know more about what Washington plans to do on taxes and regulation.
A financial industry CEO, Ronald Kruszewski of Stifel, said that investors are nervous about new opportunities because of “lack of clarity from Washington on deregulation and tax policy.”
CSX chief executive E. Hunter Harrison said, “I've never been through a time when this country is like it is, politically, ever.”
“I've never dreamed of a time like this,” Harrison told analysts during a recent conference call to discuss the performance of his railroad company. “So I don't know what's going to happen in Washington, and the scary thing is I don't think they've got a clue, either.”
President Trump unveiled his tax plan on April 26, after months of pledging to make drastic changes to the tax code. The Post's Damian Paletta explains why tax reform is so complicated. (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
Many of the executives did not blame President Trump or Congress directly for the uncertainty, but they remarked that promises made at the beginning of the year have not come to fruition and might not anytime soon.
“What we need is predictability,” Craig Arnold, chief executive of Eaton told analysts during his recent call.
Eaton is a power-management company that was founded in the United States but is now based in Ireland, where corporate taxes are lower.
“And I think in this environment of uncertainty … it simply freezes the investment community. And so I think more than anything, what the business community needs is some certainty around what the policies will be,” Arnold said.
A number of chief executives said they were very encouraged by the policies Trump was pursuing but said they were still waiting for final decisions to be made.
John Ferriola, chief executive of steel giant Nucor, said on his earnings call that there was a “positive view coming out of Washington” that “could have an impact on our volumes, and it will be a positive impact, without a doubt.” He added: “President Trump has made some commitments to us, and we expect him to stand behind those commitments. We're certainly working to make that happen.”
Trump has proposed slashing the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 15 percent, rewriting health-care rules, getting rid of 80 percent of all regulations, toughening trade relations with China, Mexico, South Korea, and Canada, and creating a $1 trillion infrastructure package.
He has speculated about elevating one of his top economic advisers — Gary Cohn, a former Goldman Sachs president — to become the new Federal Reserve chairman, which could have a direct impact on future interest rates, and he has nominated former congressman Scott Garrett to lead the Export-Import Bank, though he used to oppose the agency's existence.
These changes, if followed through on, would have major consequences for the economy and thousands of businesses. But now they are in policy limbo and haven't come to fruition, as the president and the Republican-led Congress try to absorb the lessons from their failed attempt to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
“When policy uncertainty goes up, firms that are more exposed to the policy have a bigger pull back,” said Steven Davis, a professor of international business and economics at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business.
He said so many policies are up in the air that “at this point it's not clear a lot will happen,” a sentiment shared by a number of top executives.
Arnold, the Eaton chief executive, said it was “difficult to really take much to the bank in terms of what we've heard from the administration to date in terms of their ability to get legislation through.”
Companies seemed to express the most confusion about what might happen on tax policy.
Scott Page, the chief executive of CoBiz Financial, a Denver-based financial services firm, told analysts the banks he runs in Colorado and Arizona have “purposefully pulled back” from financing public projects, waiting “until there is better clarity from Washington D.C. on corporate tax rates.”
BOK Financial executive vice president Stacy Kymes remarked on the Oklahoma bank's call that lending for commercial and industrial projects “was essentially flat.”
“We believe that the uncertain environment in Washington relative to tax policy is stalling growth and that some certainty around the administration and Congress's future direction will free up new deals that are waiting on the sidelines,” Kymes said.
[Action on Trump's tax cut plan could be delayed until next year.]
The cautionary talk can seem oddly out of place when the stock market is at record levels, unemployment is low and corporate earnings are high — things Trump has touted for weeks.
But that picture of the economy doesn't tell the whole story.
Since becoming president, Trump has taken credit for stock market gains he once dismissed. (Meg Kelly/The Washington Post)
The economy is growing, albeit slowly. Inflation is low. Interest rates are low. But business confidence, much higher than it was during the Great Recession, has retreated a bit since June. Consumer confidence, too, was at a 12-year high, but it has also eased.
Companies are hiring, and the economy added 209,000 new jobs in July. Businesses are investing. But the remarks from corporate executives suggest they could be doing even more. A number of companies are still hesitant to expand, waiting for more direction from policymakers about things like taxes and regulations.
“The sentiment remains high amongst our middle-market client base,” said M. Keith Waddell, president of Robert Half International, a staffing company. “But they're wait-and-see types, and they're still waiting to see.”
Many companies had high hopes for Trump's promised infrastructure plan, but that effort has been delayed in part because the White House hasn't decided how to finance it or pitch it to Congress.
[Infrastructure was supposed to be the unicorn of bipartisan cooperation — now it looks like a regular horse.]
That means a number of infrastructure projects have been sidelined, Husqvarna chief executive Kai Warn told analysts on his recent call. This Swedish company makes power equipment like chain saws, lawn mowers and garden tractors, among other things, and it has a large presence in the United States.
“There was an expectation that the Trump infrastructure efforts would materialize a bit early,” he said. “That hasn't come through. And now everybody sits with a lot of other projects which they need to put into implementation.”
John Wren, chief executive of Omnicom Group, a global marketing firm, said many companies are holding back from investing on things like advertising until they have a clearer picture on “where the government's moving.”
“There's nobody who can look out two or three years at this point and say with certainty that they're going to know what tax policy is, what health-care costs are going to be,” he said. “And so I think that causes many companies to pause in terms of the investments that they're trying to make, and advertising and marketing is part of what suffers along with other businesses as that occurs.”
On some Washington issues, such as whether lawmakers would agree to raise the debt ceiling, chief executives didn't even want to speculate.
JetBlue Airways chief executive Robin Hayes was asked what would happen if there's a government shutdown in October, a real possibility that would impact airports and travel.
“Well, I'll avoid the questions on the government shutdown, if that's okay,” Hayes responded.
[Debt-ceiling talks between White House, Senate break up with no progress.]
The White House and congressional Republicans are planning to make a big push on their effort to cut taxes in the coming weeks, aiming to rework the tax code for the first time in 31 years, but passage of these changes will be difficult because they haven't yet agreed on what the cuts should look like.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said on Aug. 1 that the GOP plans to use reconciliation to do tax reform when they return to Congress in September, instead of working out a bipartisan tax reform effort. (The Washington Post)
And the White House is also promising to jettison numerous regulations in a way it says will help companies, but this process could take years and run into bureaucratic and legal challenges.
In the meantime, a number of companies are sitting tight or plan to forge ahead, cautiously.
“We came out of an election and people were waiting to see what was going to happen, if anything,” Gregory Sandfort, chief executive of Tractor Supply Co., a home improvement chain, told analysts on his call. “And I think once we got through that cycle, second quarter needs surfaced and people came back out and shopped … I like the footsteps. I like the fact that we were able to maintain our business in big ticket. So I feel good that the consumer is feeling comfortable right now. Hopefully, nothing else in Washington can sway them the other direction.”
A group of central Ontario parents is demanding their children's schools turn off wireless internet before they head back to school next month, fearing the technology is making the kids sick.
Some parents in the Barrie, Ont., area say their children are showing a host of symptoms, ranging from headaches to dizziness and nausea and even racing heart rates.
They believe the Wi-Fi setup in their kids' elementary schools may be the problem.
The parents complain they can't get the Simcoe County school board or anyone else to take their concerns seriously, even though the children's symptoms all disappear on weekends when they aren't in school.
"Parents are getting together and realizing this is the pattern," said Rodney Palmer of the Simcoe County Safe School Committee.
"We went to the school board and they did nothing."
P.O.V.: Are you concerned about Wi-Fi's potential health risks? Take our poll.
The symptoms, which also include memory loss, trouble concentrating, skin rashes, hyperactivity, night sweats and insomnia, have been reported in 14 Ontario schools in Barrie, Bradford, Collingwood, Orillia and Wasaga Beach since the board decided to go wireless, Palmer said.
"These kids are getting sick at school but not at home," he said.
"I'm not saying it's because of the Wi-Fi because we don't know yet, but I've pretty much eliminated every other possible source."
The Simcoe County school board could not be reached for comment Friday because their offices were closed.
The parents group has offered to pay for wired connections if the board switches off the Wi-Fi, Palmer said.
"They didn't even say no," he said. "They ignored it and … reaffirmed their position supporting Wi-Fi.
"They are culpable and … they have the gall to go on the record and say they haven't had any doctor's notes. Well what doctor has been schooled about the rate of microwave infections?"
Susan Clarke, a former research consultant to the Harvard School of Public Health, said Wi-Fi technology alters fundamental physiological functioning and can cause neurological and cardiac symptoms.
Young kids most susceptible
"We have the physics that show that children, especially young children, are going to absorb much more radiation than older children and adults because of their thinner skulls and because the size of their brains more closely approximates the size of the wavelength being deployed," Clarke said.
Wireless technology also wastes energy, is less secure than wired connections, could be violating a student's right to a safe environment and should be turned off in schools, Clarke added.
"The simple solution is plug back in the wired, ported system that's already there and unplug the wireless," she said. "It's real easy and it costs nothing. In fact, it will save money."
Professor Magda Havas of Trent University in Peterborough, Ont., who does research on the health effects of electromagnetic radiation, issued an open letter to parents and boards saying she is "increasingly concerned" about Wi-Fi and cellphone use at schools.
Claims by Health Canada that Wi-Fi is safe provided exposures to radiation are below federal guidelines are "outdated and incorrect," based on the growing number of scientific publications reporting adverse health and biological effects, Havas wrote.
"It is irresponsible to introduce Wi-Fi microwave radiation into a school environment where young children and school employees spend hours each day."
The Ontario Ministry of Education said it has heard from the parents in Simcoe County and received a complaint passed along from a Peterborough family worried about Wi-Fi in schools. But the ministry said it is up to local school boards to deal with the issue.
"The boards, the principals and the teachers should work together to address those concerns," said ministry spokeswoman Erin Moroz.
The provincial New Democrats said they too had been hearing from parents worried about the effects of wireless technology on children, and called on the chief medical officer of health to investigate.
"Within a few months of Wi-Fi being installed, stories start coming forward with kids complaining about headaches, neurological effects, loss of balance and problems with fine motor skills," said NDP health critic France Gelinas.
"There is enough anecdotal evidence from parents that this is worth looking into."
Palmer plans to find alternate schools or even home school his two children this fall if the board doesn't agree to turn off the Wi-Fi and said other parents will likely follow suit if the symptoms return.
"If they're going to continue to endanger the health of children, I can predict that many of the parents who are now writing us saying their kids have been fine all summer are going to have a change of heart about the third week of September when their kids are coming home from school with these problems, particularly the ones that are passing out and falling down, hitting their head on the gym floor," he said.
While parents worry about younger children, concerns about the health effects of wireless technology prompted Lakehead University to virtually ban Wi-Fi from its campuses in Thunder Bay, Ont., and Orillia, Ont.
"There will be no Wi-Fi connectivity provided in those areas of the university already served by hard wire connectivity until such time as the potential health effects have been scientifically rebutted or there are adequate protective measures that can be taken," says Lakehead's policy on Wi-Fi and cellular antennas.
HANNIBAL – Script to Screen
On 19, Sep 2015 | No Comments | In Editing | By Vashi Nedomansky, ACE
HANNIBAL aired on NBC for three seasons before being cancelled. It was one of the most cinematically spectacular shows ever on TV and it redefined what was allowable in terms of violence on prime time networks. Creator Bryan Fuller made murder, cannabalism and other horrible acts delectably palatable while maintaining a visual beauty that both rivals and supersedes the biggest budget feature films. It paid homage to the original source material but then creatively rewrote the narrative and delivered an operatic version that both acknowledged and expanded on the lore of Hannibal Lector.
Creator and writer Bryan Fuller has generously shared all 3 seasons of the scripts and every filmmaker would benefit by reading any of them. I want to focus on the first episode titled “Aperitif” written by Bryan Fuller and share with you the script superimposed with the actual show to fully appreciate the translation of script to screen. This first episode of HANNIBAL is visually and creatively fantastic and raises the bar of what to expect no matter what the format. The translation of word to imagery is no easy task. What do the written words actually turn into in front of the camera? Watch the first 5 minutes of the first episode of HANNIBAL. Enjoy the magic…
Until next time…
Vashi Nedomansky
vashivisuals.com
@vashikoo
Interview with investFeed
BitcoinChaser: What kind of problem, market deficiency or opportunity inspired you to launch your project, and how will your project address this?
investFeed: The problem that inspired the launch of our project was the fact that there's an absence of a central hub acting as an exchange, news source, and dedicated network for enthusiasts and professionals globally in the blockchain industry. Cryptocurrency and alt coin information then has the tendency to end up being fragmented and scattered due to a lack of a central platform for discussion. At the same time, content creators who contribute on existing social networking platforms face weak revenue opportunities.
***
BC: How will your project address this problem, market deficiency or opportunity in a unique way?
iF: Our project aims to create a smarter social networking and market access platform for the cryptocurrency community. We will be a “One Tab” solution for access to social networking, crowd sentiment, news and information on crypto projects, and integrated asset portfolio/order management and sharing capabilities. The FEED token will provide an incentive for users to create quality content and truly build the network. The FEED token will be at the apex of all our value-add user experiences across the investFeed platform.
***
BC: How do you think competition will develop in this segment of the market following your ICO?
iF: Because we are at the forefront of this space, there is bound to be competition that will develop around our type of social platform. The robust features we plan on developing based in our roadmap will ensure that we are consistently on the cutting edge of our segment of the market. We welcome competition, and are ready to continue to innovate and make sure our product constantly and consistently accommodates our user-base's request and needs.
***
BC: For all those who have read your white paper and are still on the fence about investing in your ICO, what can you tell them that could lead them to invest in your project?
iF: We want to disrupt the financial world by creating a cryptocurrency epicenter that places an emphasis on one of blockchain technology's paramount goals: transparency. We wish to bring everyone from professional and retail crypto-traders and investors, newcomers, institutional funds, independent and mainstream news, existing projects, and startup projects together for an integrated community with a passion for cryptocurrency. Our product will evolve with all of our users, and all of our services are built on the Ethereum MainNet to meet the highest level of security and transparency.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks to guests during a rally at Des Moines Area Community College Newton Campus on November 19, 2015 in Newton, Iowa. (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images)
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is under fire after comments he made about 9/11 and New Jersey on Saturday.
Trump was talking about his Muslim database plan while at a rally in Birmingham, Alabama when he made this comment:
“I watched when the World Trade Center came tumbling down, and I watched in Jersey City, New Jersey, where thousands and thousands of people were cheering,” Trump said. “So something's going on, we gotta find out what it is, I do want surveillance.”
He repeated that assertion on Sunday morning, claiming that he'd seen the scenes on television.
Footage of Muslims in Middle Eastern countries cheering news of the attacks were broadcast on television.
But there is no evidence of mass celebrations by Muslims in Jersey City, which sits right across the Hudson River from Lower Manhattan.
Jersey City Mayor Steven Fulop says Trump is “plain wrong” and is politicizing an emotionally charged issue.
“No one in Jersey City cheered on September 11th,” Fulop said in a statement. “Trump needs to understand that Jersey City will not be part of his hate campaign.”
Dozens commented on Fulop's Facebook page, including several who insist they did see Muslims celebrating in small numbers in Jersey City on 9/11, 1010 WINS' Glenn Schuck reported.
In the wake of the terror attacks on Paris, Trump has introduced a plan to require all Muslims in the United States to register in a national database. The plan has been sharply criticized and condemned by other GOP candidates, as well as Democratic party nominees.
(TM and © Copyright 2015 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2015 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
To bear or not to bear children: that's the question asked of us even when we're not asking it of ourselves. Nearly all of the writers in the anthology Shallow, Selfish, and Self-Absorbed: Sixteen Writers on the Decision Not to Have Kids (Picador) tell stories of being insistently, publicly, impudently asked to justify their choice not to reproduce. These writers express the imperative as feminists to demand an end to this question—and all of the attendant societal pressures and expectations that come with it.
Essayist and longstanding Los Angeles Times columnist Meghan Daum edited the collection “to lift the discussion out of the familiar rhetoric, which so often pits parents against non-parents and assumes the former are self-sacrificing and mature and the latter are overgrown teenagers living large on piles of disposable income.” In this goal she's succeeded: all sixteen writers, who arrive at their decision from different experiences, put to lie the ridiculous stereotype that the lives of the childless are somehow less mature, meaningful, or full of difficulties than those with children.
What binds their stories together is their resistance to the overwhelming bias that procreation is a woman's civic, even biological, duty. To talk about not wanting kids it seems they must first address why everyone else wants them to. The novelist Pam Houston points out that while she is repeatedly reminded of her choice to not have children, no stranger or friend has told her that she must realize the potential of her LSAT scores, become a lawyer, and “pay off some unspecified debt to the world.” “It seems unreasonable, not to mention sexist,” she continues, “to suggest that because all women have the biological capacity to have children, they all should; and that those who don't are either in denial or psychologically damaged.” Courtney Hodell, a writer and book editor, recalls receiving the unsolicited advice of her gynecologist, colleagues, and strangers. “Is there any other sort of situation in life,” she asks, “where people feel so free to tell you what to do, short of checking you into rehab?”
That all sixteen writers devote a considerable amount of time to rebutting the familiar arguments, assumptions and accusations lodged against the childless says much about the strength of the stigma, and its shame. Nearly all of the authors say that they feel the need to tell friends and strangers that they like, love, or do not hate children. Some even express their preference hanging out with children to seeing many adults that they know. In this requisite recitation, the writers highlight the pressure to publicly avow childhood after making the choice to personally disavow parenthood, a symptom of our society's discomfort with these choices.
At their more encouraging moments, what emerges from these essays is a celebration of our freedom of choice. Sigrid Nunez writes that “if nothing else had made [her] a feminist, the “fate of women” like her mother “forced by society to give their lives to something they neither wanted nor were in any way suited for” would have been enough. Instead, these women settle for “agency,” as the writer Anna Holmes puts it.
But the varied paths taken to this agency and freedom suggest that not having children is as uneven and contradictory as any other life decision, including the choice to have children. A couple of the writers in the anthology explain that at some point in their lives they were about to have, or desperately wanted to have, kids. Others have always been resolute in their choice since a young age, but felt pressured by partners later in life to think otherwise. For some, children represent an excessive financial burden; for others, they appear as a persistent distraction from the many meaningful activities that can also fill a life: writing, talking to close friends, and spending time with a partner. Anna Holmes writes that she's afraid of her own competence: “I suspect that my commitment to and delight in parenting would be so formidable that it would take precedence over anything and everything else in my life.”
Although no two writers arrive at their decision the same way, many express feeling, at some point, similarly to the unnamed protagonist of the Lydia Davis story Sigrid Nunez quotes in her essay. The one-sentence story, called “A Double Negative,” goes like this: “At a certain point in her life, she realizes it is not so much that she wants to have a child as that she does not want to not have a child, or not to have had a child.”
This specific strain of regret—a fear of failure, of missing out—is reinforced by expectations for what women should do and be. But of course regret, more generally, will always be the stuff of life. Understanding this decision apart from these expectations and as one choice among many—move to Seattle? Get a dog? Take a second job?—rather than as a refusal or a failure, allows these writers to bury the notion that “having it all” was ever possible in the first place. Because central to the idea of “having it all” is the hope that one can have a life without tough choices or regrets.
By making a decision to not have it all, as the clichés supporters would phrase it, these authors are able to unmask the fantasy that a life stuffed full of everything would even be desirable. The writer Danielle Henderson puts it beautifully, explaining “You will have one thing or another depending on what choice you make. Or you will have both things in limited amounts, and that might turn out to be perfect, just exactly the life you want.” Maybe, suggests Pam Houston, “having it all is chopping yourself into too many little pieces, taking care of everybody's need except your own.” Psychoanalyst and writer Jeanne Safer puts it bluntly, “Nobody has it all.”
Clinton Campaign Says It Didn't Know Orlando Shooter's Father Was At Her Rally
Enlarge this image toggle caption Joe Raedle/Getty Images Joe Raedle/Getty Images
Among the 3,000 people Hillary Clinton drew to a rally in Florida last night was the father of the man responsible for killing 49 people at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando on June 12, according to a local news report.
NPR Special Audio Coverage: Orlando Nightclub Shooting Father Of Orlando Gunman Saddened By Nightclub Massacre Father Of Orlando Gunman Saddened By Nightclub Massacre Listen · 3:04 3:04
A Clinton campaign official tells NPR that the rally in Kissimmee, Fla., on Monday was open to the public. NBC affiliate WPTV identified one attendee as Seddique Mateen, the father of Omar Mateen, who was killed in a shootout with police after carrying out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
"This individual wasn't invited as a guest, and the campaign was unaware of his attendance until after the event," the Clinton campaign official said in an email exchange.
Not only was Mateen at the event, but he was also positioned behind Clinton, so he was visible in photos and video of the candidate's speech. Mateen is recognizable, in part, because he did so many interviews after the nightclub attack.
Orlando shooter's father sits right behind Hillary at rally. https://t.co/OSL6jh0Wn2 pic.twitter.com/FjPODbBW1N — WPTV (@WPTV) August 9, 2016
After the Clinton rally, Mateen again did a television interview. "Hillary Clinton is good for the United States versus Donald Trump, who has no solutions," he said to WPTV.
Here's WPTV's description of finding and interviewing Mateen, which is a story in itself:
"WPTV happened to notice the man, who has a mustache and was wearing a red hat, behind Clinton. It was Seddique Mateen, the father of Orlando mass shooter Omar Mateen. ... " 'We've been cooperating with the federal government, and that's about it,' he said. 'Thank you.' Mateen didn't want to answer any other questions, but just hours later, we ran into him by chance at a rest stop on the way back to West Palm Beach. He wanted to do an interview and show us a sign he made for Clinton. " 'Hillary Clinton is good for the United States versus Donald Trump, who has no solutions,' he said."
Check out WPTV's full story for more quotes from Mateen.
Last month, Clinton met privately in Orlando with family and friends of those killed at Pulse. She also paid a somber visit, laying white roses at a memorial at the club. Even at the start of last night's rally, Clinton paid tribute to the victims and their loved ones.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
There is no reaction yet from Donald Trump's campaign, but Clinton opponents are already seizing on it.
The pro-Taliban dad of the Orlando shooter says Hillary is "good for national security." https://t.co/GBoygpqd2o pic.twitter.com/LRPW9z99Oy — jimgeraghty (@jimgeraghty) August 9, 2016
We will update this story if Trump weighs in.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHICAGO -- A DePaul University student was shot during a robbery attempt near campus overnight.
It is the fourth time since January a DePaul student has been robbed at gun point. The latest was a freshman shot in the leg as he tried to run away.
An 18-year-old man tells police he was walking in the 1100 block of Lill. just before midnight last night when two men with a gun tried to rob him.
He tried to escape and started to run when one of the two suspects shot him in the leg.
He was able to drive himself to the hospital and should make a full recovery.
One March 1 in the 2200 N. Halsted St. another student was robbed of his cell phone. And on Jan. 27 in the 1200 W. Fulton Ave and Jan. 18 in the 2400 N. Seminary Ave., two different students were robbed as well. Money was taken.
DePaul in conjunction with police have put out a campus wide alert advising students of this latest incident and to take precautions.
Officials are advising students to take advantage of a campus shuttle and don't walk alone at night if at all possible.
I've heard of the effects of code devices saving permanently onto a game cart, but it almost always involves data that is saveable in some form or fashion. I'm thinking that your cart has been tinkered with. If I'd played SimCity before I'd be able to give you a response with more confidence, but for now I'm going to have to second SLing's question.
Edit due to ninja: Couldn't somebody take a cart and replace the ROM with an edited one? I mean, if the filesize is the same, shouldn't it run normally aside from any modifications a hacker may have made?
Zaphod, you'd probably need tools to hook the cart up to your system and check it with an unaltered game file or something. Unless there's any other change in the game to possibly hint at someone editing it, I'm not sure of any other way.
John D. Sutter is a columnist for CNN Opinion who focuses on climate change and social justice. Follow him on Snapchat , Facebook and email . The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.
Less than a week after the massacre of 49 people at a gay bar in Orlando, Florida, officials in nearby Tampa raised the rainbow flag -- a symbol of LGBT pride -- in solidarity with victims.
That didn't sit well with some Hillsborough County employees. One made an anonymous phone call to county Commissioner Stacy White, according to the Tampa Bay Times , saying the rainbow flag flying above the county government complex was "nearly unbearable" for her to see.
White suggested the flag is creating a "hostile work environment."
"I wish to state for the record that, even if there is deemed to be zero liability from an HR perspective, it is still -- in my view -- unconscionable that the county administrator didn't express to the board that this divisive symbol might create an uncomfortable workplace environment for many of his employees," White wrote in an email to the county's HR director, the report says.
Then there were they were numbingly familiar statements from conservative pastors.
"Hey, are you sad that 50 pedophiles were killed today?" Sacramento, California, pastor Roger Jimenez said from the pulpit the Sunday of the shooting. "No, I think that's great. I think that helps society. I think Orlando, Florida is a little safer tonight ... The tragedy is more of 'em didn't die."
But the case of the "nearly unbearable" LGBT pride flag is sadly worth highlighting because it says something about our country: Even in the wake of one of the deadliest mass shootings in history, one that specifically targeted members of the LGBT community, politicians and religious leaders are unable to offer unalloyed support.
For us LGBT Americans to truly be safe, we need broader acceptance (seeing our flag should at the very least be "bearable") and equal rights. Despite the outpouring of support after Orlando, it's become sadly apparent that we haven't made nearly enough progress as we'd hoped.
Aside from bigotry, what excuse is there for this legal lapse? And what message does it send to young LGBT people, who still commit suicide and face homelessness at outsize rates because of discrimination they face from parents and society?
On acceptance, too, we've made incredible strides. LGBT people are more visible now than ever in America. And as gay rights activists have known since at least the mid-1900s, visibility equals safety. (That's why "coming out" is seen as an act that's both personal and political.)
Yet homophobia and transphobia continue to be a scourge. We saw that on a truly horrific scale in Orlando last week. And then in a smaller way at the courthouse in Tampa. Both sentiments branch from the same tree. They set a group of people -- LGBT people -- apart as a less-human "other." Throughout history, it's been easier to justify taking rights from, slurring and perpetuating violence against people labeled as the "other."
JUST WATCHED Anderson Cooper grills Bondi on LGBT support Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Anderson Cooper grills Bondi on LGBT support 05:31
Platitudes need to be followed with real efforts to extinguish hate and change laws.
It's unclear what precisely motivated the Orlando shooter. But it certainly wasn't love or compassion -- two sentiments that are symbolized by that rainbow flag raised above a court complex in Tampa.
That flag is anything but a "divisive symbol." It's part of what makes America great.
Most Americans realize that. It's politicians and preachers who need to catch up.
Fishermen argue that cod's demise has been greatly exaggerated, leading federal officials to wrongly ban nearly all fishing of the species.
For years, fishermen from Gloucester to New Bedford have accused the federal government of relying on faulty science to assess the health of the region's cod population, a fundamental flaw that has greatly exaggerated its demise, they say, and led officials to wrongly ban nearly all fishing of the iconic species.
The fishermen's concerns resonated with Governor Charlie Baker, so last year he commissioned his own survey of the waters off New England, where cod were once so abundant that fishermen would say they could walk across the Atlantic on their backs.
Now, in a milestone in the war over the true state of cod in the Gulf of Maine, Massachusetts scientists have reached the same dismal conclusion that their federal counterparts did: The region's cod are at a historic low — about 80 percent less than the population from just a decade ago.
Advertisement
“The bottom line is that the outlook of Gulf of Maine cod is not good,” said Micah Dean, a scientist who oversaw the survey for the Massachusetts Division of Marine Fisheries. “What we've seen is a warning sign about the future of the fishery, and it's a stark change from what we saw a decade ago.”
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
The state's surveys, conducted on an industry trawler, also found a dearth of juvenile cod and large cod, suggesting that the population could remain in distress for years. The lack of small cod reflects limited reproduction, while the absence of the larger fish is a problem because they're capable of prolific spawning.
Dean said he hoped fishermen would find the results credible, given that the survey sought to accommodate their concerns about the federal survey, conducted by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
To address their concerns, the state spent more than $500,000 to trawl for cod in 10 times as many locations. Rather than sampling the waters twice a year, as NOAA does, the state cast its nets every month from last April to January, and kept them in the water about 50 percent longer. They also searched for the fish in deeper waters, where fishermen have said they tend to congregate.
“It was an exhaustive survey meant to provide an answer to the questions that the fishermen were posing,” Dean said. “But the fish weren't there.”
Advertisement
Some longtime cod fishermen remain unconvinced. They say the historic fishery has been fully rebuilt, although the federal and state surveys estimate it is only about 6 percent of the level needed to sustain a healthy population.
Vito Giacalone, policy director of the Northeast Seafood Coalition in Gloucester, which represents many of the region's commercial fishermen, maintained that the state surveys had some of the same flaws as the federal surveys. Rather than conducting random sampling throughout the Gulf of Maine, the researchers should have trawled for cod in areas where fishermen are finding them, he and other critics said.
John Tlumacki/Globe Staff A cod caught on a Gloucester fisherman's boat.
“The state survey literally does zero to improve our confidence,” said Giacalone, who served on a committee that advised state scientists on conducting the survey. “You can't just sample anywhere. You have to go to where the cod are supposed to be.”
Giacalone and others from the industry said the surveys have failed to capture what fishermen are seeing on the water.
“Where these fish exist in the western Gulf of Maine is greater than it has ever been in my lifetime,” he said.
Advertisement
Dean and other scientists said random sampling is a vital tool for any objective measurement of the cod population. Sampling only certain areas could skew the results.
‘There's definitely something wrong with the science. We're out on the water constantly — all year round — and what we see and what they see is completely the opposite.' Joseph Orlando, Gloucester fishermen, on federal and state research into cod population
Scientists say there is an explanation for what fishermen are seeing, particularly those from Gloucester. Cod tend to cluster when their numbers decline, and the fishermen know where to find them. Many of the remaining cod are in waters near Gloucester.
They also say that many Massachusetts fishermen are not seeing the areas where there are no cod left, such as the eastern Gulf of Maine, or how few juvenile cod remain, as their nets are designed to allow smaller fish to escape.
“The state's findings give us confidence in our assessment results and that we're not getting a false sense of the population size,'' said Mike Palmer, a biologist who oversees the region's cod assessment for NOAA.
John Bullard, NOAA's regional administrator who in 2014 cut cod quotas by about 95 percent, said he takes no joy in the state survey results.
“I would like nothing more than that survey to have found lots of cod, because there's nothing I'd rather see than the cod population rebuilding,” he said. “But it doesn't look like the Massachusetts survey is showing that, and that's heartbreaking.”
John Tlumacki/Globe Staff/File Many of the region's commercial fishermen take issue with the surveys, saying the historic fishery has been fully rebuilt. Above: In Gloucester, Al Cottone unloaded 1,184 pounds of cod from his boat in 2014.
The state paid for its survey mainly with federal emergency funds designated by Congress to aid the fishing industry. State environmental officials declined to say how much longer the surveys will be conducted, but they are scheduled to resume this month.
The administration “looks forward to another year of collecting critical information that improves the assessment,” Katie Gronendyke, a spokeswoman for the state Executive Office of Energy and Environmental Affairs, said in a statement.
Future surveys could incorporate non-random sampling and new methods using video cameras, as the fishing industry has urged, she said.
Steve Cadrin, a professor of fisheries at the University of Massachusetts t Dartmouth, said the state surveys have gone a long way to addressing the industry's concerns, but still miss far too much of the Gulf of Maine. “Until we have survey techniques that can sample a much larger portion . . . we're not going to have very precise estimates,” he said.
For fishermen like Joseph Orlando, who has spent more than 40 years catching cod out of Gloucester, the limits on the surveys and the amount of cod he still catches cast doubt on the state and federal findings.
“There's definitely something wrong with the science,” he said. “We're out on the water constantly — all year round — and what we see and what they see is completely the opposite. I don't know what to say anymore.”
David Abel can be reached at dabel@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @davabel
Media have tremendous power in setting cultural guidelines and in shaping political discourse. It is essential that news media, along with other institutions, are challenged to be fair and accurate. The first step in challenging biased news coverage is documenting bias. Here are some questions to ask yourself about newspaper, TV and radio news.
Who are the sources?
Be aware of the political perspective of the sources used in a story. Media over-rely on “official” (government, corporate and establishment think tank) sources. For instance, FAIR found that in 40 months of Nightline programming, the most frequent guests were Henry Kissinger, Alexander Haig, Elliott Abrams and Jerry Falwell. Progressive and public interest voices were grossly underrepresented.
To portray issues fairly and accurately, media must broaden their spectrum of sources. Otherwise, they serve merely as megaphones for those in power
Count the number of corporate and government sources versus the number of progressive, public interest, female and minority voices. Demand mass media expand their rolodexes; better yet, give them lists of progressive and public interest experts in the community.
Is there a lack of diversity?
What is the race and gender diversity at the news outlet you watch compared to the communities it serves? How many producers, editors or decision-makers at news outlets are women, people of color or openly gay or lesbian? In order to fairly represent different communities, news outlets should have members of those communities in decision-making positions.
How many of the experts these news outlets cite are women and people of color? FAIR's 40-month survey of Nightline found its U.S. guests to be 92 percent white and 89 percent male. A similar survey of PBS's NewsHour found its guestlist was 90 percent white and 87 percent male.
Demand that the media you consume reflect the diversity of the public they serve. Call or write media outlets every time you see an all-male or all-white panel of experts discussing issues that affect women and people of color.
From whose point of view is the news reported?
Political coverage often focuses on how issues affect politicians or corporate executives rather than those directly affected by the issue. For example, many stories on parental notification of abortion emphasized the “tough choice” confronting male politicians while quoting no women under 18–those with the most at stake in the debate. Economics coverage usually looks at how events impact stockholders rather than workers or consumers.
Demand that those affected by the issue have a voice in coverage.
Are there double standards?
Do media hold some people to one standard while using a different standard for other groups? Youth of color who commit crimes are referred to as “superpredators,” whereas adult criminals who commit white-collar crimes are often portrayed as having been tragically been led astray. Think tanks partly funded by unions are often identified as “labor-backed” while think tanks heavily funded by business interests are usually not identified as “corporate-backed.”
Expose the double standard by coming up with a parallel example or citing similar stories that were covered differently.
Do stereotypes skew coverage?
Does coverage of the drug crisis focus almost exclusively on African Americans, despite the fact that the vast majority of drug users are white? Does coverage of women on welfare focus overwhelmingly on African-American women, despite the fact that the majority of welfare recipients are not black? Are lesbians portrayed as “man-hating” and gay men portrayed as “sexual predators” (even though a child is 100 times more likely to be molested by a family member than by an unrelated gay adult—Denver Post, 9/28/92)?
Educate journalists about misconceptions involved in stereotypes, and about how stereotypes characterize individuals unfairly.
What are the unchallenged assumptions?
Often the most important message of a story is not explicitly stated. For instance, in coverage of women on welfare, the age at which a woman had her first child will often be reported—the implication being that the woman's sexual “promiscuity,” rather than institutional economic factors, are responsible for her plight.
Coverage of rape trials will often focus on a woman's sexual history as though it calls her credibility into question. After the arrest of William Kennedy Smith, a New York Times article (4/17/91) dredged up a host of irrelevant personal details about his accuser, including the facts that she had skipped classes in the 9th grade, had received several speeding tickets and-when on a date-had talked to other men.
Is the language loaded?
When media adopt loaded terminology, they help shape public opinion. For instance, media often use the right-wing buzzword “racial preference” to refer to affirmative action programs. Polls show that this decision makes a huge difference in how the issue is perceived: A 1992 Louis Harris poll, for example, found that 70 percent said they favored “affirmative action” while only 46 percent favored “racial preference programs.”
Challenge the assumption directly. Often bringing assumptions to the surface will demonstrate their absurdity. Most reporters, for example, will not say directly that a woman deserved to be raped because of what she was wearing.
Demonstrate how the language chosen gives people an inaccurate impression of the issue, program or community.
Is there a lack of context?
Coverage of so-called “reverse discrimination” usually fails to focus on any of the institutional factors which gives power to prejudice—such as larger issues of economic inequality and institutional racism. Coverage of hate speech against gays and lesbians often fails to mention increases in gay-bashing and how the two might be related.
Provide the context. Communicate to the journalist, or write a letter to the editor that includes the relevant information.
Do the headlines and stories match?
Usually headlines are not written by the reporter. Since many people just skim headlines, misleading headlines have a significant impact. A classic case: In a New York Times article on the June 1988 U.S.-Soviet summit in Moscow, Margaret Thatcher was quoted as saying of Reagan, “Poor dear, there's nothing between his ears.” The Times headline: “Thatcher Salute to the Reagan Years.”
Call or write the newspaper and point out the contradiction.
Are stories on important issues featured prominently?
Look at where stories appear. Newspaper articles on the most widely read pages (the front pages and the editorial pages) and lead stories on television and radio will have the greatest influence on public opinion.
Russia says military exercises currently being conducted by NATO in Poland “do not contribute to an atmosphere of trust and security” in Europe.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov made the comments on June 7, a day after NATO members and partners launched their biggest-ever joint exercise in Poland.
Some 31,000 Polish, U.S., and other troops from NATO states and five partner countries are participating in the land, sea, and air drills.
The exercises are taking place weeks before NATO holds a summit in Warsaw that is expected to decide on whether to significantly increase NATO troop and equipment deployments to bases in Poland and the Baltic states.
Russia says any presence of NATO troops close to its borders is a threat to its security and warns it will take measures to respond.
Based on reporting by Reuters, TASS, and Interfax
Read more articles by
John Dennen
Don't miss any action. Sign up for the free BN newsletter(s) here
MATTHEW MACKLIN has announced his retirement from boxing. Through his gym's facebook page he issued the following statement:
Last month, at the O2 Arena in London, around the halfway point in my fight with Brian Rose, I knew it was time to retire. My face was marking up, I was getting frustrated at not being able to land my shots and I knew that physically, after a long career my body was telling me that enough was enough. I also knew that I didn't want to go out like that so with the help of my brother Seamus I decided to end my career on my terms and pulled the win out of the bag in the last few rounds. Deep down I came to the realisation on the night that it was probably going to be my last fight. I turn 34 in two days time and, after much reflection I have decided that following 24 years in the sport, over 80 amateur fights and 41 professional fights, it is time to hang up my gloves.
15 years is a long time in professional boxing and, for me, it has been a real rollercoaster journey! I've had a great career but I know that now is the right time to bow out. I'm not the fighter I once was; Father Time catches up with us all eventually. I never wanted to do things the easy way or to be a big fish in a small pond. I wanted to know how good I was and test myself against the very best the sport had to offer and I can proudly say I did that. I fought Felix Sturm, Sergio Martinez and the best of them all Gennady Golovkin. Most importantly, I fought them all in their primes.
While I'm very grateful that boxing gave me such wonderful moments it's a sport that demands a lot of sacrifice. You miss out on a lot of things so I'm excited to move on to the next phase of my life now. I'm happy with how I finished the Rose fight and conducted myself throughout my career. I'm proud of what I achieved from winning National titles and a Senior ABA title as an 18 year old in the amateurs to winning Irish and British titles and becoming a two time European Champion as a professional. Sadly, I never managed to get my hands on that elusive World title but I should have done that night in Cologne in 2011. I believe I was very unlucky to be on the wrong side of a bad decision to Felix Sturm.
There are so many people I want to thank for supporting me throughout my career. I have worked with some great promoters over the years and had fantastic times with all of them. Thank you to Frank Warren, John Wischusen (when he was running things at Matchroom), Ricky Hatton, Lou DiBella and Eddie Hearn. I also want to thank the boxing media and television networks I worked with during my career for their support and coverage.
I want to thank all my trainers down through the years starting from when I was just 10 years old and my father took me to the Small Heath Amateur Boxing Club in Birmingham where I was trained by a Mayo man, Paddy Benson. I trained with Paddy and Tommy Lynch in the early days of my professional career before moving to Manchester and working with Billy Graham and Joe Gallagher and with Buddy McGirt in the U.S. I also had the pleasure of working with Jamie Moore, Richie Woodhall, Freddie Roach and Peter Harrison.
One man who has always been in my corner is my brother Seamus who has shared my journey with me. From a young age he has witnessed all that boxing entails and I have no doubt that he will go on to become a great trainer of champions. He has been with me every step of the way from Manchester to Vero Beach, back to Manchester, to New York, Los Angeles, Marbella, Birmingham and everywhere in between! He ended up being my head coach for my last few fights and was brilliant in the Rose fight talking me through a fight that was slipping away from me as the realisation that it wasn't there any more was coming over me. I only wish it was Seamus who was approaching 35 and me 25, we would have been a great combo!
There have been so many great nights but I think the Sturm fight in 2011 (leaving aside the judge's decision!) was probably the best. I had announced myself on the world scene in a great fight against one of the longest serving World Champions in the sport and although we didn't get the decision we celebrated anyway because we knew who won the fight and so did they! Over 300 fans had travelled over from Ireland and England and easily out sang the 19,000 Germans in the Lanxess Arena. The next day we ascended upon the Corkonian, a lovely little Irish pub in the city and drank it dry! Literally. They ran out of Guinness, beer and cider and in the end they even ran out of lemonade!
Another highlight has to be fighting future Hall of Famer (and then one of the best pound for pound fighters in the world) Sergio Martinez at the famous Madison Square Garden in 2012. The fact that it was St.Patrick's day made it all the more special and I must admit to smiling hugely when I saw the HBO billboard in Times Square! Earlier in my career beating Wayne Elcock in “The Battle of Brum” with so much pride on the line and knocking out Amin Asikainen in the first round to win the European title were also brilliant nights for me and I will always remember them fondly.
Strange as it may seem, my defeat to Jamie Moore in 2006 was a massive night for me (despite the fact that I lost and needed to stay in hospital on a drip following the fight!). It's possibly “the” fight. It's certainly the one people still watch and talk about. I left it all in the ring that night, and many thought I'd never be the same again but, if anything it was the making of me. To this day, Jamie remains a good friend and will be a friend for the rest of my life.
Another night that will always stick in my memory was headlining at the 3 Arena in Dublin against Jorge Sebastian Heiland. In the ring it was a bad night for me but standing there before my ring walk as a second generation Irishman, soaking up an electric atmosphere while the crowd blasted out ‘ole, ole, ole' is a moment that filled me with great pride and will stay with me forever.
I've been very lucky to have had so many great people help me out over the years and I would like to take this opportunity to thank them. Gorgi Singh has sponsored and supported me my whole career. He is a family friend for life. Martin Donnelly is one of the most generous men I've ever met and has done so much for Irish sport, especially boxing and the GAA. I met Martin in 2005 in Boston and he sponsored me from that point until now. I also want to thank Des White of Sierra Communications, a proud Roscommon man and later TJ Malone for their generosity and support. Ranjit Boporan of Green Isle foods is another person who I want to thank for his support and generosity. I also want to thank Ron Boddy for helping me and advising me in the early days and for being a genuine friend.
Boxing can be a lonely sport and when the bell rings you are on your own but I'm very grateful for the support I had from a great back room team throughout my career. Back in 2005, I called Brian Peters desperate to fight on a card in Ireland and he delivered an Irish title fight for me which I won on the night of my 23rd birthday. Shortly afterwards Brian became my manager and I consider him a friend for life, as is Tomas Rohan who has worked closely with Brian throughout my career
Another friend, Anthony Catanzaro,from New York came on board as an advisor after my fight with Gennady Golovkin. He is a genuine man, who fights hard for the boxers he's involved with. My sports lawyer David Becker was with me from day one of my career. He's a very clever and very genuine man and someone I was very privileged to have as part of my team.
I met Daniel Kinahan after my fight with Jamie Moore and we clicked straight away. He's one of my closest friends and was very much a part of my team and I want to thank him for his kindness, generosity and for giving me so much great advice and always being there for me.
Most of all, I want to thank my friends and family, especially my father Seamus, mother Kathleen, brother Seamus and my two sisters, Theresa and Katie, who have always encouraged me and travelled all over the world to support me.
There were so many other people who have helped me, too many to thank them all but you know who you are. Finally, I want to thank all the fans that watched me and supported me throughout the years, many of them traveling far and wide to do so. Without you there would have been no journey.
Thank you,
Matthew Macklin.
The Great Hanshin earthquake (阪神・淡路大震災, Hanshin Awaji daishinsai), or Kobe earthquake, occurred on January 17, 1995 at 05:46:53 JST (January 16 at 20:46:53 UTC) in the southern part of Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan, when combined with Osaka, known as Hanshin. It measured 6.9 on the moment magnitude scale and had a maximum intensity of 7 on the JMA Seismic Intensity Scale.[4] The tremors lasted for approximately 20 seconds. The focus of the earthquake was located 17 km beneath its epicenter, on the northern end of Awaji Island, 20 km away from the center of the city of Kobe.
Up to 6,434 people lost their lives; about 4,600 of them were from Kobe.[5] Among major cities, Kobe, with its population of 1.5 million, was the closest to the epicenter and hit by the strongest tremors. This was Japan's worst earthquake in the 20th century after the Great Kantō earthquake in 1923, which claimed more than 105,000 lives.
Earthquake [ edit ]
Damage at Minatogawa, Kobe
Most of the largest earthquakes in Japan are caused by subduction of the Philippine Sea Plate or Pacific Plate, with mechanisms that involve either energy released within the subducting plate or the accumulation and sudden release of stress in the overlying plate. Earthquakes of these types are especially frequent in the coastal regions of northeastern Japan.[6]
The Great Hanshin earthquake belonged to a third type, called an "inland shallow earthquake".[7] Earthquakes of this type occur along active faults. Even at lower magnitudes, they can be very destructive because they often occur near populated areas and because their hypocenters are located less than 20 km below the surface. The Great Hanshin earthquake began north of the island of Awaji, which lies just south of Kobe. It spread toward the southwest along the Nojima Fault on Awaji and toward the northeast along the Suma and Suwayama faults, which run through the center of Kobe.[8] Observations of deformations in these faults suggest that the area was subjected to east-west compression, which is consistent with previously known crustal movements.[9] Like other earthquakes recorded in western Japan between 1891 and 1948, the 1995 earthquake had a strike-slip mechanism that accommodated east-west shortening of the Eurasian Plate due to its collision with the Philippine Sea Plate in central Honshu.[10]
The Mj 7.3 earthquake struck at 05:46 JST on the morning of January 17, 1995. It lasted for 20 seconds. During this time the south side of the Nojima Fault moved 1.5 meters to the right and 1.2 meters downwards. There were four foreshocks, beginning with the largest (Mj 3.7) at 18:28 on the previous day.
Intensity [ edit ]
USGS ShakeMap for the event
It was the first time that an earthquake in Japan was officially measured at a seismic intensity (shindo in Japanese) of the highest Level 7 on the scale of Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA). After the earthquake, seismic intensity observation in Japan was fully mechanized (from April 1996) and JMA seismic intensity Levels 5 and 6 were each divided into 2 levels (from October 1996).
An on-the spot investigation by JMA concluded that tremors by this earthquake were at seismic intensity of Level 7 in particular areas in northern Awaji Island (now Awaji City) and in the cities of Kobe, Ashiya, Nishinomiya and Takarazuka.[11]
Tremors were valued at seismic intensity of Levels 4 to 6 at observation points in Kansai, Chūgoku, Shikoku and Chūbu regions:[11]
Level 6 in the cities of Sumoto (in Awaji Island) and Kobe (both in Hyōgo Prefecture).
Level 5 in the cities of Toyooka (in Hyōgo Prefecture), Hikone (in Shiga Prefecture) and Kyoto.
Level 4 in the prefectures of Hyōgo, Shiga, Kyoto, Fukui, Gifu, Mie, Osaka, Nara, Wakayama, Tottori, Okayama, Hiroshima, Tokushima, Kagawa and Kōchi.
Damage [ edit ]
Damage was extremely widespread and severe. Structures irreparably damaged by the quake included nearly 400,000 buildings,[3][12] numerous elevated road and rail bridges, and 120 of the 150 quays in the port of Kobe. The quake triggered around 300 fires,[3] which raged over large portions of the city.[13] Disruptions of water, electricity and gas supplies were extremely common. In addition, residents were afraid to return home because of aftershocks that lasted several days (74 of which were strong enough to be felt).
The majority of deaths, over 4,000, occurred in cities and suburbs in Hyōgo Prefecture. A total of 68 children under the age of 18 were orphaned, while 332 additional children lost one parent.[14]
A section of the Nojima Fault (left) and preserved damage at the Earthquake Memorial Park near the port of Kobe
One in five of the buildings in the worst-hit areas were completely destroyed (or rendered uninhabitable). About 22% of the offices in Kobe's central business district were rendered unusable, and over half of the houses in that area were deemed unfit to live in. High rise buildings that were built after the modern 1981 building code suffered little; however, those that were not constructed to these standards suffered serious structural damage. Most of the older traditional houses had heavy tiled roofs which weighed around two tons, intended to resist the frequent typhoons that plagued Kobe, but they were only held up by a light wood support frame. When the wood supports gave way, the roof crushed the unreinforced walls and floors in a pancake collapse. Newer homes have reinforced walls and lighter roofs to avoid this, but are more susceptible to typhoons.
The damage to highways and subways was the most graphic image of the earthquake, and images of the collapsed elevated Hanshin Expressway made front pages of newspapers worldwide. Most people in Japan believed those structures to be relatively safe from earthquake damage because of the steel-reinforced concrete design. Although the initial belief was construction had been negligent, it was later shown that most of the collapsed structures were constructed properly according to the building codes in force in the 1960s. However, the steel-reinforcement specifications in the 1960s regulations had already been discovered to be inadequate and revised several times, the latest revision being in 1981, which proved effective but only applied to new structures.
Immediately before the collapse of the Kashiwai building
Ten spans of the Hanshin Expressway Route 43 in three locations across Kobe and Nishinomiya were knocked over, blocking a link that carried forty percent of Osaka-Kobe road traffic. Half of the elevated expressway's piers were damaged in some way, and the entire route was not reopened until September 30, 1996. Three bridges on the less heavily used Route 2 were damaged, but the highway was reopened well ahead of Route 43 and served as one of the main intercity road links for a time. The Meishin Expressway was only lightly damaged, but was closed during the day until February 17, 1995 so that emergency vehicles could easily access the hardest-hit areas to the west. It wasn't until July 29 that all four lanes were open to traffic along one section.[15] Many surface highways were clogged for some time due to the collapse of higher-capacity elevated highways.
Most railways in the region were also damaged. In the aftermath of the earthquake, only 30% of the Osaka-Kobe railway tracks were operational. Daikai Station on the Kobe Rapid Railway line collapsed, bringing down part of National Route 28 above it. Wooden supports collapsed inside supposedly solid concrete pilings under the tracks of the Shinkansen high-speed rail line, causing the entire line to shut down. However, the railways rebounded quickly after the quake, reaching 80% operability in one month. The Kobe Municipal Subway resumed operation the day after the earthquake with limited service between Seishin-Chuo and Itayado stations (along with the Hokushin Kyuko Electric Railway between Tanigami and Shin-Kobe); service resumed across the entire line on February 16, 1995, with full service resuming a month later after repairs were completed. Trains continued to operate with speed restrictions until July 21, 1995.
Artificial islands, such as the modern Rokkō Island and especially Port Island in Kobe, suffered severe subsidence due to liquefaction of the soil; water breaking through the surface and flooding those islands was initially believed to have seeped in from the sea, but in fact rose from the liquefied remains of once-solid soils used to construct the islands. However, the newly completed artificial island supporting Kansai International Airport was not significantly affected, due to being further away from the epicenter and because it was built to the latest standards. The Akashi Kaikyō Bridge, under construction near the earthquake's epicenter, was not damaged but was reportedly lengthened by a full meter due to horizontal displacement along the activated tectonic fault.
Name [ edit ]
Outside Japan the earthquake is commonly known as the Kobe earthquake. In Japan, the disaster by this earthquake is officially called The Great Hanshin-Awaji Earthquake Disaster (阪神・淡路大震災, Hanshin-Awaji Daishinsai), which is often shortened to The Great Hanshin Earthquake Disaster (阪神大震災, Hanshin Daishinsai). Hanshin refers to the region between Osaka and Kobe. In the scientific literature it is often called the 1995 Southern Hyōgo Prefecture Earthquake (平成7年(1995年)兵庫県南部地震, Heisei 7 nen (1995 nen) Hyōgo-ken Nanbu Jishin), the name chosen by the Japan Meteorological Agency in the week after the main shock.
Other aspects [ edit ]
Damage in Sannomiya
The quake ravaged many of the facilities of what was then the world's sixth-largest container port and the source of nearly 40% of Kobe's industrial output.[16]
The sheer size of the earthquake caused a major decline in Japanese stock markets, with the Nikkei 225 index plunging by 1,025 points on the day following the quake. This financial damage was the immediate cause for the collapse of Barings Bank due to the actions of Nick Leeson, who had speculated vast amounts of money on Japanese and Singaporean derivatives. Discussions of Japan's "Lost Decade" tend towards purely economic analysis, and neglect the impact of the earthquake on the Japanese economy which at the time was already suffering from recession.
Despite this devastation in a big production center, the local economy recovered very quickly.[16] Even though less than half the port facilities had been rebuilt by that stage, within a year import volumes through the port had recovered fully and export volumes were nearly back to where they would have been without the disaster.[16] Less than 15 months after the earthquake, in March 1996, manufacturing activity in greater Kobe was at 98% of its projected pre-quake level.[16]
Volunteerism [ edit ]
The fact that volunteers from all over Japan converged on Kobe to help victims of the quake was an important event in the history of volunteerism in Japan. The year 1995 is often regarded as a turning point in the emergence of volunteerism as a major form of civic engagement.
In December 1995, the government declared January 17 a national "Disaster Prevention and Volunteerism Day", and the week from January 15 to 21 a national "Disaster Prevention and Volunteerism Week", to be commemorated with lectures, seminars, and other events designed to encourage voluntary disaster preparedness and relief efforts.[17]
Disaster planning [ edit ]
The earthquake proved to be a major wake-up call for Japanese disaster prevention authorities. Japan installed rubber blocks under bridges to absorb the shock and rebuilt buildings further apart to prevent collateral damage. The national government changed its disaster response policies in the wake of the earthquake, and its response to the 2004 Chūetsu earthquake was significantly faster and more effective. The Ground Self-Defense Forces were given automatic authority to respond to earthquakes over a certain magnitude, which allowed them to deploy to the Niigata region within minutes. Control over fire response was likewise handed over from local fire departments to a central command base in Tokyo and Kyoto.[18]
1.17 memorial in Kobe in January 2005, ten years later
In response to the widespread damage to transportation infrastructure, and the resulting effect on emergency response times in the disaster area, the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport began designating special disaster prevention routes and reinforcing the roads and surrounding buildings so as to keep them as intact as possible in the event of another earthquake.[19] Hyōgo's prefectural government invested millions of yen in the following years to build earthquake-proof shelters and supplies in public parks.[20]
Memorials [ edit ]
The Kobe Luminarie is an event held for approximately two weeks every December. A street leading from the Daimaru store in Motomachi to Higashi Yuenchi Park (next to Kobe city hall) is decorated with arches of multicoloured lights that were donated by the Italian government. Amongst the commemorative events held on the anniversary of the earthquake, large "1.17" digits are illuminated in Higashi Yuenchi Park in the early hours of January 17 each year.
Response [ edit ]
Local memorial in Kobe. "We won't forget that time"
Approximately 1.2 million volunteers were involved in relief efforts during the first three months following the earthquake. Retailers such as Daiei and 7-Eleven used their existing supply networks to provide necessities in affected areas, while NTT and Motorola provided free telephone service for victims. Even the Yamaguchi-gumi yakuza syndicate was involved in distributing food and supplies to needy victims.[21]
Local hospitals struggled to keep up with demand for medical treatment, largely due to collapsed or obstructed "lifelines" (roads) that kept supplies and personnel from reaching the affected areas. People were forced to wait in corridors due to the overcrowding and lack of space. Some people had to be operated on in waiting rooms and corridors.
To help speed the recovery effort, the government closed most of the Hanshin Expressway network to private vehicles from 6:00 am to 8:00 pm daily and limited traffic to buses, taxis and other designated vehicles.[22] To keep the light rail system running even though it had quite severely damaged sections, shuttle buses were commissioned to transfer patrons to stations around damaged sections.[23]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Sources
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Sep. 26, 2016, 10:34 PM GMT / Updated Sep. 26, 2016, 10:35 PM GMT By Associated Press
More than a third of calls to the Department of Veterans Affairs' suicide hotline aren't being answered by front-line staffers because of poor work habits and other problems, according to the hotline's former director.
Some hotline workers handle fewer than five calls per day and leave before their shifts end, even as crisis calls have increased sharply in recent years, said Greg Hughes, the former director of the VA's Veterans Crisis Line.
Veterans comfort each other at a March 2014 commemoration of veterans' suicides on the National Mall in Washington, D.C. Jewel Samad / AFP - Getty Images
Thirty-five percent to 40 percent of crisis calls received in May rolled over to backup centers where workers have less training to deal with veterans' problems, Hughes, who left his job in June, wrote in an internal email.
Related: VA Puts The Latest Estimate of Veteran Suicides at 20 Per Day
Hughes said some crisis line staffers "spend very little time on the phone or engaged in assigned productive activity." Coverage at the crisis line suffers "because we have staff who routinely request to leave early," he said.
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., a longtime advocate for veterans, tweeted Monday that the failure to answer calls was "absolutely unacceptable."
The VA said Monday that it is increasing staff at the New York-based hotline and opening a new hub in Atlanta. The agency also pledged to continue efforts to improve training as it responds to a report by an internal watchdog that said crisis calls are routinely allowed to go into voicemail and that callers don't always receive immediate assistance.
The House is considering bill this week that would require that all calls, texts and other communications to the crisis line are answered in a timely manner by an appropriately qualified person. A similar Senate bill is in committee.
About 20 veterans commit suicide every day. The vast majority weren't connected to VA care in the last year of their lives, said David Shulkin, the VA's undersecretary for health.
"We are saving thousands of lives. But we will not rest as long as there are veterans who remain at risk," Shulkin said in a statement.
In what may turn out to be a major breakthrough in the infamous D.B. Cooper skyjacking mystery, a group of researchers working at the behest of the FBI have uncovered a significant new clue in the case.
Going by the moniker 'Citizen Sleuths,' the cadre of scientists is granted access to physical evidence from the 1971 crime, specifically a clip-on tie discarded by Cooper during his daring heist.
The team examined the item using an electron microscope and discovered thousands of tiny particles on the clothing.
What makes the find particularly intriguing is that the particles come from rare earth elements, most notably titanium, that were only used in a handful of manufacturing processes back in 1971.
Based on these new insights, the team theorizes that Cooper worked at or in conjunction with "an exotic metal fabrication facility" of some kind that utilized the then-extremely rare titanium.
Taking the hypothesis one step further, they also suggest that the fact that these elements were found on Cooper's tie indicates that he was a manager or engineer at the plant, since only people with those roles would have been wearing such an item of clothing to work.
Given that Cooper's crime took place in the Pacific Northwest, one company has emerged as the skyjacker's possible place of employment: Boeing, which had projects that utilized those metals at the time of the heist.
The Citizen Sleuths are hoping that these findings can help to develop a potential new profile of Cooper that could be used to decipher his identity.
Members of the public who may be able to discern what these metals were used for or who have knowledge of personnel from plants where they were used at the time are urged to contact the group.
Much like DNA has been used to solve decades-old cold cases, it appears that another form of modern technology has unearthed a critical clue which had been hidden until now.
Whether the work of the Citizen Sleuths serves to finally solve the mystery of D.B. Cooper remains to be seen, but we're guessing that, if the skyjacker is still alive somewhere, he's really regretting the decision to ditch his necktie before parachuting into oblivion.
Source: KING TV - Seattle
With the Senate Intelligence Committee moving forward with their investigation into Russian election interference and any possible links to associates and the campaign of President Donald Trump, one of the top members of that committee appeared on CBS's “Face the Nation” to discuss the latest developments.
Noting that the committee just recently held its first hearing, host John Dickerson asked Sen. John Cornyn (R-TX) about claims by Trump that the Russian investigation is a “witch hunt.”
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media & Dems, of historic proportion! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 31, 2017
“We're doing a bipartisan investigation thanks to the great leadership of Senator Burr, our chairman, and our vice chairman, Senator Mark Warner,” the Texas lawmaker responded. He added that the committee has received access to “unprecedented” levels of raw intelligence and that they want to understand how much Russia attempted to influence and change the presidential election.
Dickerson pressed further, wanting to know if looking for connections between the Trump campaign and Russia is a “legitimate inquiry.”
“It is a legitimate area of inquiry,” Cornyn noted. The senator then pointed out that former Director of National intelligence James Clapper had previously said that he didn't see any evidence of collusion between Trump allies and Russia.
He concluded, “You'll have to put that into the proper context to see what kind of impact it actually had, but there is no question that Putin is trying to undermine our democracy and undermine public confidence in our institutions.”
For the uninitiated: ASMR (Autonomous Sensory Meridian Response) is a physical sensation characterised by a pleasurable tingling that typically begins in the head and scalp. It is commonly triggered by soft or accented voices, personal attention, ambient sounds or watching people work silently, among others. If any video makes you feel relaxed, it is probably eliciting ASMR. ASMR can be intentional (A video deliberately made to elicit ASMR) or unintentional (A video that wasn't made for relaxation purpose, but actually does that). Now, people have different experiences with this phenomenon and may prefer intentional or unintentional. But personally, I find Unintentional ASMR to be more relaxing than its intentional counterpart.
Here are some Unintentional ASMR videos that will help you relax and put you to a good night's sleep.
The Joy of Painting: Bob Ross
I never knew that watching a guy paint on canvas would be one of the best on-screen experiences of my life. Here's a playlist with the legend himself painting some mountains, clouds and happy little trees.
Grooming angel
Just a monkey getting groomed. Blissful.
Know your size: TM LEwin
Apart from ASMR, you will even learn a lot of things about suit fitting.
Great Depression Cooking
A grandmother reminisces The Great Depression, and cooks some delicious food.
Check it out
An Indian guy reviews products he finds interesting. Kind of intentional, but can be counted as unintentional ASMR. Check it out.
Asheville Mall Manicure: MOr
This one is a classic. Pretty popular with the ASMR community.
Chinese tea ceremony (Gonfu Cha)
Though there are some distractions in the background, it is still pretty soothing.
Twitchcraft Minecraft: Kathelz
Amazingly relaxing. Check out her other videos as well.
Kid finds 22 rare Hot Wheels cars
Oddly relaxing. Great enthusiasm there, kid!
A girl with lisp
Short video, but still good.
Eraser Making Kit
Making an eraser from eraser dough. There are other videos on the channel similar to this.
Brick laying
Would have been better without the music, but it works.
How to iron a shirt
Another classic.
Crafting videos
For those who like machine-related sounds.
Don't mess with the flight attendants!
Alec Baldwin had a good time spoofing the tantrum that got him kicked off an American Airlines flight on “Saturday Night Live” — but the union may get the last laugh.
The Association of Professional Flight Attendants wants Baldwin's hit show, “30 Rock,” banned from all AA flights.
“The APFA has requested that American Airlines remove the show from future flights,” APFA spokesman Jeff Pharr told The Post.
He added that the union would be amenable to reinstating the show “if and only if Mr. Baldwin publicly apologizes to American Airlines flight attendants.”
Baldwin, pretending to be a mustached Southern pilot named Steve Rogers, jokingly called himself a national treasure on “SNL.”
But the union wasn't buying it.
The brouhaha began last Wednesday, when Baldwin refused to stop playing “Words With Friends” at take-off time during a flight from Los Angeles. Flight attendants say Baldwin was “violent, abusive and aggressive” when asked to stop.
“The passenger was extremely rude to the crew, calling them inappropriate names and using offensive language. Given the facts above, the passenger was removed from the flight and denied boarding,” an AA spokesman said at the time.
After being kicked off the flight, Baldwin ranted that AA flight attendants were retired Catholic school gym teachers from the 1950s.
“We fully support the Flight Attendants and the way they handled the situation. The crew responded as they have been thoroughly trained to do so by the FAA as safety professionals onboard the aircraft,” Pharr said.
Edward Martelle, a spokesman for American Airlines, confirmed that the airline has “discussed the issue” with the union.
“The current status is that NBC routinely rotates programs on and off what is offered on board, and not all programing is the same on every flight. At this time, ‘30 Rock' continues to air on some of our flights, but not others, which is our standard programming procedure,” Martelle said.
RTÉ has told a Co Kerry priest who complained about the description of the Eucharist as “haunted bread” on The Late Late Show that while the phrase was provocative, it was not sacrilegious.
Fr Kevin McNamara, parish priest of Moyvane, on Sunday morning rejected RTÉ's explanation from the show's producer and has said what occurred was “blasphemous”.
The priest has also told his congregation the core values of another faith would not have been so attacked.
In January, Fr McNamara complained that the description by Blindboy Boatclub of Rubberbandits was endorsed by presenter Ryan Tubridy.
He also took issue with the description of the Eucharist being the ghost of a 2,000-year-old carpenter.
The Late Late Show producer, Larry Masterson, has defended the remarks as “part of the conversation,” on the night, which concerned some people in their thirties returning to the Catholic Church after a period of difficulty and scandal.
“As someone from that age group, Blindboy Boatclub was first to reply, and he did so in the language of his generation and his satirical character. The point he was making, to put the language to one side for a moment, was that in his view, people of his generation are not returning to the Church,” Mr Masterson said.
“The phrase ‘haunted bread' was certainly provocative. He used it to get a reaction, and indeed it did. I do not believe, however, that it was sacrilegious. It was, in my view, a linguistic phrase that encapsulates the Holy Ghost and Holy Communion,” Mr Masterson told Fr McNamara in an email.
The response was published in the Moyvane newsletter this morning.
Mr Masterson said: “In attempting to hear new voices on the The Late Late Show, it is inevitable that some will not like what they hear. Uncomfortable or unpopular opinions are part of debate as are views that clash or disagree with mainstream consensus.”
He accepted the phrase “haunted bread” had caused offence to some viewers and has been seen by some disrespectful and for that he apologised.
Fr McNamara rejected the statement and said he was disappointed with the response. He maintained the remark was blasphemous.
“I wonder what the reaction would be had a guest insulted the core values of another Faith,” he said.
“From my viewing of our national channels the Catholic faith is not afforded sufficient respect or fair play. After all, RTÉ is funded by all licence payers.”
He told worshipers on Sunday that he is pursuing the matter with the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland.
Photo: AP
Two Equifax executives—Chief Information Officer David Webb and Chief Security Officer Susan Mauldin—are “retiring” in the wake of a security breach that allowed hackers to run off with financial and other private information for an estimated 143 million Americans.
In a post on Equifax's investor website, the company said the “personnel changes are effective immediately.”
Advertisement
Earlier this week, the credit reporting firm explained that hackers were able to access an internal database of consumer information by exploiting a critical flaw in open-source web server software Apache Struts. Though Apache Struts developers first identified and fixed the bug in March, Equifax never patched its system. Months later in May, hackers gained access to Equifax records and continued to exploit the flaw until the company's security team noticed the breach in late July.
Three senior Equifax executives sold off over a million dollars of stock in early August, days after the company said it became aware of the problem. Equifax says the managers in question—chief financial officer John Gamble, president of U.S. information solutions Joseph Loughran and president of workforce solutions Rodolfo Ploder—were not aware of the breach at the time.
The Federal Trade Commission has confirmed it is investigating Equifax in the wake of the incident, while the Senate Finance Committee has separately requested the company provide a detailed timeline of events related to the hack. Of particular interest to the Senate are the strangely timed trades, as well as whether Equifax's The Work Number payroll database containing millions of public and private employees' information was compromised.
Advertisement
[Ars Technica]
I want to learn how the functions work together. For example, in an INFJ how does their Fe work with their Ni, Se and Ti. How can I go about learning this? I need to fully understand the functions. Being able to identify them isn't enough maybe?
Your correlating functions all work together. Ni takes in the facts of its physical environment through Se, and Ti adds logic to the people-pleasing Fe.
Your top two functions work together the strongest, which means for an INFJ, their Ni and Fe are working back and forth. Ni is figuring out stuff and processing huge amounts of information in order to come to a conclusion. (This is why INFJs are so “intellectual,” because they like feeding their dominant Ni information, so if they take an interest in something, 500 books later they'll have the big picture and conclusion as to what it all means. Once they have absorbed all the information about it that they can get their hands on, and reached a conclusion about it… they're done with it. Nothing new to learn here, move on!)
Fe both makes them amenable and enjoy helping and pleasing other people, and also gives them an INTEREST in PEOPLE in general. While INFJs share their INTJ cousin's interest in new information, they will be much more drawn to information that relates in some way to people (history, psychology, etc), as opposed to Te's interest in impersonal systems (mathematics, science, etc). INFJs have a natural ability to understand how people work (Ni-Fe) and a desire to know more about how people work (Ti). Ti makes them crave UNDERSTANDING – both of impartial systems (how does that pump valve work?) and other people (why did you just do that?).
That's why so many INFJs breathe a sigh of relief when they discover the MBTI system – aha! At last! Not only do they understand themselves, and why they do what they do, but now they can understand why OTHER PEOPLE do what they do! It not only pleases their “gimme more information” Ni, it also pleases their Fe, because now they can live without passing such harsh judgments on other people's behavior as much. No one is stupid, they are simply different and at unique levels in their functional maturity. Ni is happy with new information. Fe is delighted with anything that sheds a light on people. Ti now has a base format on which to analyze other people, so it is happy.
Se is the weakest element of the INFJ, but it functions in silence in the background. Less mature Se-users will be largely oblivious to their surroundings, because they are functioning totally in an internal imaginary world of information and ideas. (This is why INXJs have a tendency to walk into walls, trip over their own feet, or fall in holes.) But… Ni needs something in its environment to draw from, and Se provides that purpose. As an INFJ, you are using Se when you're absorbing information from other people. It's not your Ni alone giving you magical insights into people's true motivations or feelings; it is Se, picking up on subtle physical signs and mannerisms. Se notices slight physical clues, which informs your Ni that “something more is going on here” than what comes out of someone else's mouth. Ni then takes an intuitive leap and gives you the answer. If you use Ni alone in forming conclusions, you may be wrong – but once you involve Se, and base your assumptions about other people and situations on solid facts from behavior, you will right in your predictions most of the time, because Se is impartial. It doesn't see what isn't there. It sees eye movements, body language, micro-expressions, etc.
The unique combination of these functions are what make INFJs so sensitive. Their Se is picking up on what they aren't consciously aware of, and their detached, ethereal Ni removes them as a physical being from the situation (that same “absence” that makes them so clumsy at times), which means their Fe takes over and allows them to feel what the people in the environment are feeling. Because it is so incredibly imaginative, Ni can run away with them if they don't learn how to balance it using their Ti – to step back and analyze whether or not letting Ni-Fe invest them emotionally in a situation is wise. Often, they can't help it, but they can learn to slow the process or even stop it afterward utilizing their Ti.
The combination of Ni and Se are also what make INFJs perfectionists, inclined to dislike the physical manifestation of their imagined reality – the book, piece of art, architecture, or reality is never as wonderful as the concept in their head. Se makes them appreciate beauty, but keenly aware of all their physical flaws. It makes them not like shabby-looking things, and have a secret desire for luxurious items and expensive taste. But because they are so lofty in their imagination, the INFJ often feels that it's wrong to indulge Se too much, and deny themselves what they want, or feel guilty for buying pretty things that serve no real purpose. (If it's pretty, and it makes you happy, and it didn't cost you so much money that you'll be eating dog food for the next week, it's okay to buy it.)
Inferior functions, when used properly, can give any personality a chance to relax and rest from the continual use of their upper functions. INFJs can both mature their Se and relax their Ni when they do things that allow them to use it – gardening (noticing all the colors, and watching ladybugs), hiking, biking, traveling, photography… things that get them outdoors. The bottom line is that all your functions interact all the time, whether or not you're aware of them. But some of them are weaker than others. You can work on strengthening Ti by asking how things work, and stopping to analyze a situation rather than being content merely to “feel” it. And you can strengthen Se by intentionally paying more attention to your environment.
"People who are high in hardiness enjoy ongoing changes and difficulties," said Dr. Salvatore R. Maddi, a professor of psychology at the University of California, Irvine, and the author of a forthcoming book, "Resilience at Work." "They find themselves more involved in their work when it gets tougher and more complicated. They tend to think of stress as a normal part of life, rather than as something that's unfair."
Chronic stress has been linked to an array of illnesses, including heart disease and depression. But people who cope successfully, studies have found, punch in at work with normal levels of stress hormones that climb during the day and drop sharply at night. Their coworkers who complain of being too stressed have consistently higher levels of hormones that rarely dip very far, trapping them in a constant state of anxiety.
At the same time, resilient people seem to avoid stress-related health and psychological problems, even as colleagues are falling to pieces, say researchers who have studied strenuous work environments.
"Some of it is genetic, some of it is how you were raised, and some it is just your personality," Dr. Bruce McEwen, director of the neuroendocrinology laboratory at Rockefeller University, said.
People who thrive under pressure do not necessarily seek out particular professions, researchers say. But whether they are on the trading floor or the campaign trail, they all appear to have had early experiences in difficult environments that taught them how to regulate their stress levels. They can sense when they are reaching their breaking point, and they know when to take a walk or turn off the ringer.
In some cases, these people subject themselves to stresses of their own making, driven by an unconscious urge to conquer pressures that dogged them as children or young adults, said Steven Kuchuck, a psychotherapist in New York who treats many patients who seek out demanding jobs and relationships.
"There's this strong desire to go back to similar sources of stress that they grew up with in an effort to master it," Mr. Kuchuck said. "Some people will say 'No, I don't like a lot of stress,' but they find themselves in one stressful job after another, so there must be something that's pulling them."
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Kuchuck has also seen the opposite: people who crave a frenzied career because they feel their childhoods were not stimulating at all.
But regardless of what propels people to push themselves, what allows them to prosper, psychologists say, is a strong commitment to their career, a feeling of being in control, and a tendency to view stress as a challenge rather than as a burden.
People's attitudes toward their jobs and the degree to which they feel they make a difference by showing up each day have long been considered powerful indicators of how well they will do. Being just another cog in a machine with no say over what happens is almost guaranteed to cause burnout. But even in the most grueling work environment, people can cope if they feel they have some control.
Studies of professional musicians show that people in orchestras are often less satisfied and more stressed than those in small chamber groups because they lack autonomy, according to Dr. Robert M. Sapolsky, a professor of biology and neurology at Stanford and the author of "Why Zebras Don't Get Ulcers." Orchestra musicians are at the mercy of their maestro's every whim. For years, they had no power even to take regular bathroom breaks.
"The people who are under someone's thumb, who are low-ranking and don't have any decision-making," Dr. McEwen said, "these are the people who always experience more anxiety."
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
People who exhibit hardiness are reluctant to cede control. They are also less likely to feel victimized by their bosses or by unpredictable life circumstances. When there is a crisis at work, they can tough it out because they accept a harsh workload or the occasional pink slip as an unsavory but inevitable part of life, psychologists say.
"They know there'll be different challenges, some you can't even anticipate, yet they train their minds to say these things are expected," said Dr. Robert Brooks, a clinical psychologist at Harvard Medical School and the author of "The Power of Resilience."
Anticipating troubled waters can decrease vulnerability to stress-induced diseases. In the early 1980's, Dr. Maddi of U.C. Irvine followed hundreds of employees at Illinois Bell when its parent company, AT&T, was facing federal deregulation. More than 10,000 people eventually lost their jobs.
"There was suicide, depression, anxiety disorders, divorces, heart attacks, strokes -- all the things that could be attributed to massive stress," Dr. Maddi said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But while about two-thirds of the workers in Dr. Maddi's sample unraveled, the other third thrived. They survived the incident with their health intact and hung onto their jobs or moved to another company where they quickly climbed up the ranks.
When the researchers went back and reviewed their first set of interviews, they found that many of the people who made it through unscathed had stressful family backgrounds -- constant moving, their parents getting divorced -- and were more likely to describe change as inevitable.
"Some of the people who cracked had initially taken a job with Bell rather than I.B.M. because they believed it was safe and didn't want any disruption," Dr. Maddi said.
Stress is unavoidable, so bracing for it every now and then is the best way to cope. But people who are on constant alert may be suffering from an anxiety disorder, psychologists say.
Those who collapse under the pressures of the workplace are prone to envision every worst-case scenario, while resilient people think of how a greater workload, for example, might lead to a promotion. In studies, researchers have found that perhaps the only time pessimists thrive is when they become lawyers.
"If you're drawing up a contract, the ability to see every foreseeable danger is something that goes along with pessimism, but it's also what makes a good lawyer," Dr. Martin Seligman, a professor of psychology at the University of Pennsylvania, said. "The problem is, not only are they good at seeing that the roof might collapse on you, they're also good at seeing that their mate might be having an affair, that they're never going to make partner."
But one way to overcome cynicism and exhaustion, said Dr. Andy Morgan, an associate professor of psychiatry at Yale, is with a sense of personal accomplishment.
An architect who toils six days a week, regularly burning the midnight oil, like Mr. Jones, can be happy if a glimpse of the Manhattan skyline illustrates the value of his efforts.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
"When you feel that you're accomplishing something, it's akin to a sense of control," Dr. Morgan said. "When people start feeling that what they're doing is not meaningful, then they take more sick days, begin looking for another job, and complain of health problems."
Third of three articles. Previous articles in this series addressed the increasing evidence that stress in the workplace is linked to illness and whether the booming stress-reduction industry is really helping workers cope.
Articles are online at nytimes.com/health.
The Dallas skyline is seen from the top of Reunion Tower as pyrotechnicians prep it with fireworks to be synchronized with the tower's light show, Thursday, October 9, 2014. The 8-minute show will celebrate the 109th annual Texas-Oklahoma football game in Dallas. Fifty firing modules will allow waves of fireworks to fire and create a motion effect of the ball. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News) downtown dallas skyline dallasskyline
The world of local sports talk radio returned to business as usual in May as SportsRadio 1310 The Ticket returned to the top of the heap after a one-month hiatus.
In fact, May gave The Ticket its best ratings month since November, according to the latest book released by Nielsen Audio. That is not to say that “The Fan,” KRLD-FM (105.3), didn't have a solid month. It did but dropped back to second after spending April on the mountaintop.
In men 25-54, the most sacred of all sports talk demographics because those numbers pay most of the the bills it was: The Ticket at 5.2; "The Fan” at 4.7; and KESN-FM (103.3) at 2.8.
Among men 25-54 from Monday to Friday 6 a.m. to 7 p.m., when the high-priced local talent does the yapping, it was: Ticket 5.5; Fan 4.3; KESN 2.6.
As for all listeners regardless of age or gender, a egalitarian ratings category that the stations disdain, it was: Ticket 2.1; Fan 2.0; KESN 1.4.
Most notably, The Ticket's “Musers” were No. 1 among all radio stations during morning drive in men 25-54. They scored an 8.3 rating and were way out in front of the 6.9 posted by No. 2, Bo & Jim on classic rock KZPS-FM (92.5).
Here's the Monday-Friday breakdown by show of May ratings in Men 25-54:
The Musers (Ticket), 6-10 a.m. – 8.3
G-Bag Nation (Fan), 10 a.m.-3 p.m. - 5.0
The Hardline (Ticket), 3-7 p.m. - 4.7
Ben & Skin (Fan), 3-7 p.m. – 4.3
BaD Radio (Ticket), noon-3 p.m. – 4.0
Norm Hitzges (Ticket), 10 a.m.-noon - 3.8
New School (Fan), 6-10 a.m. - 3.6
Mike & Mike (KESN), 5-9 a.m. - 3.5
Afternoon Show (KESN), 3-6 p.m. - 2.4
Friedo & Fitzsimmons (KESN), 11 a.m.-3 p.m. - 1.8
The Herd With Colin Cowherd (KESN), 9-11 a.m. - 1.7
News
HOLLYWOOD, January 5, 2011 (LifeSiteNews.com) - Jennifer Case left the sex industry three years ago by the grace of God, she says, and her message to men is very clear: “There is a real person on the other side of the images you are seeing, and you are destroying her life and the lives of her children.”
In an interview with The Porn Effect, Case attests from her own personal experience the harm that the porn industry does to the women involved. She says was traumatized, oppressed and abused, and was hooked on drugs and needed the money from porn to continue to afford them. Physically she had to deal with sexually transmitted diseases: “I had so many different infections all of the time. I left Hollywood because I became so ill from Chlamydia. My abdomen hurt so much I had to come back home,” she said.
The porn industry is fueled by its consumers - they and their money drive the destructive business - and hence the damage done to these women can be attributed to the consumers as well as the producers. However, the former porn actress holds no grudge against men for her past life. She possesses a keen insight into the addictive nature of porn and says she realizes it will take God's help for men to get out of the addiction, as it did for her to leave the business.
“Men, God loves you! I love you too and I will always pray for all of you, for the chains to be broken,” she says. “You are a slave to porn much as much any porn star. If you are viewing porn or addicted to porn, you are trying to fill a void inside of you that only God can fill. Whenever you look at porn, you are making the void bigger, and you will destroy your life.”
She says porn is “evil” and “is a drug and it is poison and a lie.”
“If you think you can keep it in the dark, God will bring it out into the light to stop you and heal you. “
In a heartfelt appeal to men, Case concluded the interview saying: “These women are precious and deserve to be loved just as much as you do. There is a real person on the other side of the images you are seeing, and you are destroying her life and the lives of her children. Every porno has somebody's daughter in it. What if it were your little girl? You may actually be assisting in someone's death! Male and female porn actors die all of the time from AIDS, drug overdoses, suicides, etc. Please stop looking at porn.”
See the full interview here.
Your Fridays just got even better. “Good Morning America” announced its 2014 “Fun in the Sun” Summer Concert Series lineup, packed with an incredible mix of all the hottest names in music today.
Fans of every genre of music will find a favorite artist in this year's line-up: from international music superstars Jennifer Lopez and Enrique Iglesias, to hip-hop-artist and entertainment mogul Curtis “50 Cent” Jackson, to country superstars Brad Paisley, Keith Urban, and Luke Bryan, to pop R&B sensation Jason Derulo, to rock bands Kings of Leon and Paramore, to pop singer Demi Lovato, to country sensation Florida Georgia Line and DJ/ producers Zedd and Afrojack.
It all kicks off Friday, May 23, 2014 with multi-Grammy award winning country music group, Lady Antebellum, live in concert in Central Park.
Concert Schedule:
May 23: Lady Antebellum (#LadyAOnGMA)
May 30: Curtis “50 Cent” Jackson (#50CentOnGMA)
June 6: Demi Lovato (#DemiOnGMA)
June 13 Paramore (#ParamoreOnGMA)
June 20: Jennifer Lopez (#JLOonGMA)
June 27: Afrojack (#AfrojackOnGMA)
July 4: Jason Derulo (#JasonDeruloOnGMA)
July 11: Keith Urban (#KeithUrbanOnGMA)
July 18: Zedd (#ZeddOnGMA)
July 25: Kings of Leon (#KOLonGMA)
August 1: Enrique Iglesias (#EnriqueOnGMA)
August 8: Luke Bryan (#LukeBryanOnGMA)
August 15: Florida Georgia Line (#FGLonGMA)
August 22: Magic! (#MagicOnGMA)
August 29: Brad Paisley (#BradPaisleyOnGMA)
Summer Concert Series at Rumsey Playfield in Central Park
*The
Jennifer Lopez and Curtis “50 Cent” Jackson concerts will require tickets in advance for entry. Tickets will be available closer to the performance date and fans should check back for more information on how to obtain free tickets.*
All other concerts are free and open to the public and will take place live during "Good Morning America," Fridays from 7 a.m. to 9 a.m. ET.
Viewers interested in joining "GMA" in Central Park are encouraged to arrive at Rumsey Playfield via the 72nd street entrance on Fifth Avenue at 6:00am when the park opens to the public.
The Summer Concert Series returns for the sixth year to the Rumsey Playfield in New York City's Central Park.
CLICK HERE FOR A PRINTABLE MAP TO RUMSEY PLAYFIELD
Ludhiana: Congress leader Navjot Singh Sidhu on Saturday came out in support of Rahul Gandhi days after a leader questioned the party`s presidential election process.
Speaking to media, Sidhu said, "I have always been saying that Rahul Gandhi has a `khandaani` (vast political) background. I believe that Rahul Gandhi has matured a lot and the time has come that the country is led by a `khandaani` person like Rahul Gandhi."
Maharashtra Congress secretary Shehzad Poonawalla on Wednesday claimed that the election was rigged and said it was merely a 'selection' process.
On Gandhi`s faith controversy, the Punjab`s Local Bodies Minister said, "God is within each of us as we are a secular community. It is the spirit of the Constitution that there should be no discrimination on the basis of caste, colour and creed."
It's easier to identify TOR users than they believe, according to research published by a group of researchers from Georgetown University and the US Naval Research Laboratory (USNRL).
Their paper, Users Get Routed: Traffic Correlation on Tor by Realistic Adversaries, is to be presented in November at November's Conference on Computer and Communications Security (CCS) in Berlin. While it's been published at the personal page of lead author Aaron Johnson of the NRL, it remained under the radar until someone posted a copy to Cryptome.
The paper states simply that “Tor users are far more susceptible to compromise than indicated by prior work”. That prior work provided the framework for what Johnson's group has accomplished: using traffic correlation in the live TOR network to compromise users' anonymity.
“To quantify the anonymity offered by Tor, we examine path compromise rates and how quickly extended use of the anonymity network results in compromised paths”, they write. In some cases, they found that for the patient attacker, some users can be identified with 95 percent certainty.
The compromise isn't something available to the trivial attacker. The models that Johnson developed assume that an adversary has access either to Internet exchange ports, or controls a number of Autonomous Systems (for example an ISP). However, it's probably reasonable to assume that the instruments of the state could deploy sufficient resources to replicate Johnson's work.
At the core of Johnson's work is a Tor path simulator that he's published at github. The TorPS simulator helps provide accurate AS path inference from TOR traffic.
“An adversary that provides no more bandwidth than some volunteers do today can deanonymize any given user within three months of regular Tor use with over 50 percent probability and within six months with over 80 percent probability. We observe that use of BitTorrent is particularly unsafe, and we show that long-lived ports bear a large security cost for their performance needs. We also observe that the Congestion-Aware Tor proposal exacerbates these vulnerabilities,” the paper states.
If the adversary controls an AS or has access to Internet exchange point (IXP) traffic, things are even worse. While the results of their tests depended on factors such as AS or IXP location, “some users experience over 95 percent chance of compromise within three months against a single AS or IXP.”
The researchers also note that different user behaviours change the risk of compromise. Sorry, BitTorrent fans, your traffic is extremely vulnerable over time. ®
Since my Santa retrieved my information on the first day available, I didn't hear from him. Not put off, I hoped he would be using the information I provided to get me something. This was my first exchange, and I think I may have overloaded my exchange page with too much information. Hell I put in everything; even included a small wish list if he struggled to be imaginative(a bit like myself...)
I became so excited on Dec, 18th when my little present lit up. I spent the next 2-3 days in eager anticipation, with some incline on what I had been sent, and would it arrive. I had hoped to have it for the weekend, when I was doing a long cycle and I wanted to show it off, alas it only arrived today!
Now, whenever I go out mountain biking, or for any sportive ride, I can be assured that if I have a mechanical I will be able to fix it myself, and not rely on others having tools to come to the rescue. I hope I don't need to use it much, but I am so happy to finally have a 19 piece multi tool to keep me at ease.
Thanks William!
As the 2,900 just-terminated employees of Sears Canada try to figure out how they'll feed their families — and the remaining 14,000 Sears workers contemplate their future at the doomed retailer — spare a thought for Edward S. Lampert.
Eddie Lampert is the hedge fund manager who has been the controlling shareholder of Sears and Kmart in the U.S., and of Sears in Canada during its long, sad decline. Miraculously, he has managed to line his pockets while thousands of employees have lost their jobs and are watching their retirement plans melt in the summer sun.
If Bill Gates, Steve Jobs and Jeff Bezos represent the brilliance of American capitalism — individuals with exceptional new ideas who built transformative businesses — Lampert represents its corrupt core, the kind of robber baron who takes a venerable firm, strips it of every valuable asset and leaves the dregs to employees, suppliers and landlords to fight over in bankruptcy court.
Lampert is no small-time guy. A hedge fund billionaire, he hit number 67 in the Forbes List of the 400 Richest Americans. His 288-foot super-yacht (named The Fountainhead after the novel by Ayn Rand, goddess of the libertarian right) is reportedly valued at US$130 million. In 2012, as Sears in the U.S. was reporting a US$2.4 billion loss, Eddie bought himself a US$40 million mansion on Indian Creek Island in Florida.
Lampert owns 45 per cent of Sears Canada. Sears Holdings, also controlled by Lampert, owns another 12 per cent. The stock is now essentially worthless.
In the meantime, thousands of retail workers at Sears Canada — who worked for decades for modest wages in the expectation of severance pay if they lost their jobs, and a defined-benefit pension when they retired — now find they aren't getting a cent in severance and risk seeing their pensions reduced significantly. (Sears Canada has sought court protection from its creditors in the hope of reviving the business or selling it off. Neither prospect seems likely. It probably will end up in liquidation.)
The U.S. parent, Lampert-controlled Sears Holdings, is in only slightly better shape. It announced in March that “substantial doubt exists related to the company's ability to continue as a going concern.” It too has been selling off assets for years as customers flee its stores and the company continues to add to its losses.
I know I shouldn't be surprised. Sears has long been a dying business. Probably nothing could have saved it. In an age of online shopping, aggressive discounters and smart luxury retailers, Sears is like a rusting old Ford Crown Victoria — comfortable, inefficient.
And Eddie Lampert was the last thing the company needed if it was to have any hope of surviving.
According to Mark Cohen, a former Sears Canada CEO, Lampert may have known something about running a hedge fund but he knew nothing about retailing. Lampert, Cohen told the New York Times, “stripped Sears of its assets. It's the longest liquidation in retail history. His reputation in the retail industry is that he's a financial pirate.” In the U.S., as in Canada, Lampert has sold off valuable real estate and assets like the Craftsman tool brand.
Sears Canada will back in court again next week, seeking permission to stop $3.7 million in special payments. For Sears employees and retirees, this means struggling to make mortgage payments and delaying trips to the dentist for their children. Sears Canada will back in court again next week, seeking permission to stop $3.7 million in special payments. For Sears employees and retirees, this means struggling to make mortgage payments and delaying trips to the dentist for their children.
According to Cohen, who now teaches at Columbia Business School, Lampert “seemed to think he was smarter than anyone in the retail business but he had no idea how to run the company from Day 1. One thing I teach is that core competencies are the basis for success or failure. Lampert had no experience in retail and no management competency whatsoever.”
Sears' decline in Canada has been underway for a long time, precipitated by massive shifts in the retailing landscape. Perhaps that decline began way back in 1994, when Walmart entered the Canadian market and started undermining the vast middle-market where Sears was a dominant player. Or maybe it started in 1999, when Eaton's went bankrupt and Sears bought up what was left.
But Sears was so big and so well-established that it was hard to think it would disappear — until Lampert got his hooks into the company and decided to milk it for every cent he could. I knew Sears was a goner in 2013 when it decided to sell off the leases on its best store locations for $400 million, including its location at Toronto's Eaton Centre. Around the same time, it sold off its stake in eight Quebec malls for another $315 million.
Doug Campbell, Sears Canada's CEO at that moment in time (the company cycled through corporate leaders faster that you could say ‘golden parachute'), claimed that “unlocking the value of assets is a lever we use as a way to help create total value.”
Translation: We're desperate for any cash we can extract from this dying company, even if that means selling off our best assets.
And what did Sears Canada do with the money? Modernize its remaining stores? Build a competitive website? Invest in its underfunded employee pension plan? Hell, no. In November of 2013, Sears Canada announced a $5-per-share special divided, a total of $509 million — half of which went to Lampert and his Sears Holding Corp. in the U.S. A year earlier, it had issued a similar dividend of $102 million.
All the while, Sears has been going through a dizzying array of rebirths, rebranding and renovation exercises, each more pathetic than the last. They even launched something as lame as ‘Sears 2.0'. And even now, with its fate to be decided under the Companies Creditors Arrangements Act, it's dispensing more PR drivel. “Sears Canada is undergoing a reinvention, including new customer experiences at every touchpoint, a new e-commerce platform, new store concepts, and a new set of customer service principles designed to deliver WOW experiences to customers,” it declared as it went to court last month.
Sears Canada will back in court again next week, seeking permission to stop $3.7 million in special payments to the defined benefit payment plan, required to make up the actuarial deficit in the plan, and to halt another $1 million a month in payments for employees' post-retirement health, dental and life insurance benefits.
For Sears employees and retirees, this means struggling to make mortgage payments and delaying trips to the dentist for their children. Employees who had been laid off earlier, and had been getting severance, found that their payments were cut off when the company got creditor protection on June 22.
Zobeida Maharaj, a senior operations manager who was terminated after 28 years with the company when Sears' Woodbine store closed in March, wonders why she's been left in the cold when Sears had so many lucrative assets, like the Eaton Centre location.
“Where did all this money go?” she asked.
I suggest she ask Eddie Lampert.
The views, opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author's alone. They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views, opinions and/or positions of iPolitics.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement A skydiver whose parachutes failed to open properly during a 10,000ft (3050m) freefall in Shropshire said it was "incredible" he survived. Paul Lewis, 40, crashed on to a warehouse roof near Tilstock Airfield in Whitchurch, while filming for the Parachute Centre on 14 August. He suffered neck and shoulder injuries but is expected to recover fully. "It's incredible to be honest with you - the fact that I broke no bones on that landing," he said. He had attempted to deploy his main parachute about 40 seconds after jumping from the aircraft. Paralysis risk But when it failed to open properly he released it and deployed his reserve, only to encounter the same problem. Paul Lewis said he will stick to flying aircraft Mr Lewis said both chutes opened but suffered twists, which he said was "unheard of". He believes a string of circumstances helped save his life, including the wind speed and direction and landing on a flexible section of roof. Mr Lewis, who was working as a freelance cameraman for the centre, added: "The fact that I'm still here is even more incredible. "What I have just been through was pretty much unsurvivable." He was rescued from the roof by firefighters using specialist equipment. Mr Lewis, who was filming tandem jumps, has film footage of the fall and his landing. 'Chance of paralysis' Watching the film, he traced the moment when his main parachute failed to open properly, which led to him decide to use the reserve chute, which also became twisted. He said: "Now I'm getting low, the reserve's over my head. I'm about to impact the hangar within about five seconds, I would have thought." Mr Lewis's fall was broken by landing on a warehouse He said the wind and his body weight contributed to the fast descent which left him unconscious on the roof. Mr Lewis said he suffered a dislocated shoulder and his spinal cord was pushed slightly out of place. He was operated on and told he should fully recover within three months. He said: "There was a chance of paralysis after the op. But like any surgeon does, he did a superb job realigning my neck." Mr Lewis is keen to return to his job with Network Rail in Shrewsbury where he has been told he can do lighter duties if necessary. He added he would not be doing any more parachute jumps and instead will fly the aircraft taking other jumpers. Mr Lewis, who has had a pilot's licence for more than 20 years, added: "I'm going to break myself into it very gently, because looking down on the planet is going to feel strange. "But I've got an engine to get me down this time, not a canopy." Mr Lewis said his attitude to life had become more relaxed since his lucky escape. He said: "I had somebody come up to me two days ago who owed me £15. "And normally I'd have taken it off him but I said 'Bob put it in your pocket. It's just such a small thing to me now. I'm just glad to be here - keep it.'"
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Head coach Ed Orgeron (middle) is serious about protecting his recruiting turf in Louisiana. (AP)
Top football prospects in the state of Louisiana ought to be doing one thing right now – researching everything they can about the University of Texas football program and then searching for a way to get over to Austin for a visit.
The Longhorns apparently have so much going for themselves that if coach Tom Herman even wades across the Sabine River, the LSU Tigers might collapse in ruins.
Don't take my word for it. Take the actions of LSU head coach Ed Orgeron. Stricken by a case of myopia, Orgeron is being blamed for getting a third high school football camp canceled in his state because Herman's Longhorns and some other schools were going to be there.
“Paranoid Ed,” is how Hal Mumme, the former Kentucky coach now in charge of D-III Belhaven University (Miss.), described Orgeron to Scout.com and that sure sounds about right.
A quick primer over this controversy. In recent years college football programs around the country have created so-called “satellite camps” – single-day events so their coaching staffs can get out into particular areas and potentially scout a player they would have otherwise missed.
Schools usually team up, with a slew of D-I programs working a camp ostensibly hosted by a local Division III program. Just about any high school kid can attend for a small fee. It allows players of all levels of ability – from five-star to maybe a D-III prospect – a reason to come out and learn a little football and maybe brush shoulders with some famous head coach. It cuts down on travel, cost and commitment for the players and their families. If nothing else, kids often get motivated to work on both their games and their college academic eligibility. With any luck, a few will get discovered and offered a scholarship.
No player has to attend. Usually everyone has a good time. It's a win-win for everyone, especially when the camps are held in rural areas where opportunity doesn't always knock. It's virtually impossible to find a negative here.
In this case, Mumme was staging the camp at a high school in Hammond, Louisiana. (after one in Baton Rouge fell through because, he claims, LSU put on pressure to cancel the offer). The coaching staffs of Texas, Houston, Cornell, Belhaven and maybe others would be there too. It was supposed to be held on Thursday.
Instead it was canceled and Mumme says it is the fault of Orgeron and LSU. The Tigers coach has already been blamed for two previous camps being canceled that were scheduled to involve Texas. That also kept schools such as Michigan, Arkansas and Texas A&M out of the state.
“It was for sure LSU,” Mumme told Scout. “And I think it's a shame for an SEC school to pick on a D-III school that relies on these kinds of camps to recruit kids and give them opportunities. What they did was they pressured every facility in the state not to let us use it. And they were successful – at depriving some kids in Louisiana an opportunity.”
Mumme is correct. By using its influence over other public colleges in the state, as well as area high schools, Orgeron is trying to limit competition for in-state players. It is, as Mumme announced, unfair to state residents because it also limits opportunity.
Parents and high school coaches should speak out. Orgeron was named head coach at LSU last winter, not state nanny.
Is this the bogeyman? No, it's Texas head coach Tom Herman, although LSU might say otherwise. (AP)
While the unapologetically cutthroat ethos of college football is one of its enduring charms, this is shortsighted. It speaks to a coach who fears beating state schools for in-state talent, a rather peculiar note to strike especially for an otherwise charismatic guy who works at a place that almost always dominates on signing day.
It is another sign of how out of whack priorities can get when college football is involved.
“Protecting the state of Louisiana is always going to be my job as the coach of LSU,” Orgeron said early this spring.
Yes, he's paid handsomely to win football games for the Tigers and a line like that is always a winner on the chicken dinner booster circuit. It's also ridiculous.
Protect the state of Louisiana from whom exactly … universities of all sizes and shapes eager to unearth some high school kid and give them a scholarship?
LSU can't take all the players in the state. LSU doesn't want all the players in the state. The players don't all want LSU. It's OK. If Orgeron was comfortable in his abilities, he'd welcome that.
The idea that Cornell, out of the Ivy League, isn't going to be in Hammond on Thursday, possibly connecting with some player who probably otherwise would never get on its radar – or the Big Red on his – is absurd. There is no threat to LSU football.
Not even mighty Texas is going to steal all the players – and even if the Longhorns do, it's not a crime that a young man and his family decided to attend a prestigious university across state lines.
Could a satellite camp help the Longhorns get another player or two a year out of Louisiana? Sure. There's a reason Herman was coming after all. Will it dramatically change the fortunes of college football? So far, they haven't made that big of a difference. Besides, Interstate 10 runs both ways and no one is, or ever should, stop Orgeron from running his own camps from Beaumont to El Paso.
Just go compete. LSU has plenty to sell too.
That Orgeron is so troubled by Texas is probably the best compliment and recruiting card he could present Herman, who is trying to revive a sleeping powerhouse.
If LSU is so scared of him coming to Hammond for a weekday afternoon in June, then maybe everyone should find a way to get over to Austin and see just what it is that is so intimidating.
More from Yahoo Sports:
• Umpire drops F-bomb on Nats star after being asked to move
• Pro Bowler stunned by Seahawks' Kaepernick decision
• YasielPuig flips off Cleveland fans after homer
• LeBron's stunning answer about NBA ‘super-teams'
“In the early '70s there were at least ten albums released every week that were fantastic. Now you're lucky to find ten albums a year of that quality. And there are more albums released each week now than there were then.” - Elton John, 2007
“The variation of music that young people are listening to now… it's just the same beat with a different melody on top...I think it's getting a bit samey-samey… it needs a bit of a change-up again.” – Kian Egan (Westlife), 2011
“Antony Carmichael, you now have 30 seconds to give us your Music 2000. Good luck…” – Peter Serafinowicz (Look Around You), 2005
In the bookending chapters of Retromania (Simon Reynolds' 450-page exploration into the culture of retro, released earlier this year), concerns are raised over the current musical landscape and its fixation on the past. Reynolds opines that pop has become inspirationally bankrupt in this last decade, turning out an endless procession of revivals and rehashes instead of surging forth into the future. He compares the big stylistic revolutions of sixties psychedelia, seventies punk, eighties hip-hop and nineties rave with today's smaller incremental shifts, and wonders when (if ever) we might get to see such grand evolutionary steps taking place again.
Cynicism, realism or just plain codgery - where you stand on the retromania debate boils down to your own experiences and tastes, of course. All the same, Reynolds' rhetoric has drawn as much controversy as it has praise. The aim of this Wreath Lecture isn't to add fuel to the ongoing dissection of Retromania's argument. My own feeling is that Reynolds puts paid to his critics' misgivings within the book itself, if not in further interviews. As a history of pop it's a fascinating read whichever side of the fence you sit and sceptics are more than encouraged to give it a try. The book does make one unassailable point, however: the first decade of the 21st century was largely characterised by revivalist scenes based on the repackaging of old ideas. But more recent developments this year suggest that Retromania could well represent a closing chapter in pop's history. I'm of the opinion that 2011 will be remembered as a pivotal year in which our love affair with retro began to fade and a resurging interest in the new and now was rekindled.
Taking a look through the 2011 end of year lists, there's an overall sense of purging, of rejuvenation and indeed progress that hasn't been present for quite some time. And while we're not quite speeding away from it just yet, the decade that brought us electroclash, nu-rave, emo, freak-folk and the ‘New Rock Revolution' (certainly the biggest music journo oxymoron in history) doesn't feel so recent anymore. Nobody asked for a nineties guitar-pop revival this year, but the call was answered all the same and met with all-round indifference. Oh hey, Viva Brother – how's conquering the world going for you?
With a whole generation of young musicians now having been raised around club and dance music, electronica is no longer seen as a futuristic frontier. Today's listeners are as familiar with synthesisers and beats as they are guitars, and blending This is now fairly standard practice rather than a novelty. The rock acts thriving best today are comfortable with this fact, harnessing electronic sounds and ideas when it suits them rather than trying to force a loveless marriage. This means that artists like St. Vincent or Battles can hone their unique styles through mixed media, incorporating drums that sound like samples and guitars that sound like synths (and vice versa, of course). Rock isn't dead at all – it's simply adapting to new ears.
The retro-fetishism of ‘80s synth pop and electro-house in the 2000s helped in some way to make electronic sounds more saleable to distrusting rock audiences. We're past that point now. Rockism is an old man's sport, the internet age having pretty much dissolved the tribal boundaries that once existed between rock, pop, dance, hip-hop, commercial and underground music. With access to an iPod and an internet connection, there's no reason you can't listen to any style of music. We've never felt more at ease with eclecticism. It was with open-arms that Glastonbury welcomed Beyoncé on opening her headline set, not with the question ‘Are you ready to rock?', but rather ‘Are you ready to be entertained?' Skrillex's brand of buzzsaw mosh-dance has seen US hardcore and metal fans donning day-glo for the first time and raving it up to purely synthetic music in packed-out stadiums. The UK has always boasted a much longer-standing history of rock-friendly electronic bands, like the Prodigy and the Chemical Brothers. But in 2011 it's no longer necessary for DJs and dance acts to meet such prescribed criteria in order to make that crossover. Today's audiences are no longer defined by their allegiance to the gig or the club venue – one typically leading to the other on a night out.
Today's young vanguard are equally at ease with the internet as a musical tool and medium. The playlist at house parties can now be dictated by live streams beamed directly from multiple guests' smartphones, spelling an end to stereo-squabbles and increased exposure to others' tastes and influences. The multi-disciplined teen-hydra Odd Future Wolf Gang Kill Them All transcend mere rap collectivism with their internet-savvy and idiosyncratic approach to music and media. A case in point would be the video for Tyler's ‘Yonkers', which managed to do in three minutes what the whole of his album tried to in 74, and whose viral distribution via internet channels was largely responsible for the masses of hype surrounding Odd Future at the start of this year. The likes of Skrillex or even Odd Future may not be to everyone's tastes, but at least their detractors can't complain about them being derivative. This new eclecticism isn't the same bland melting pot of past influences, plucked, stewed and regurgitated as per Retromania. It's a vivid technicolour tapestry of ideas. You can't even call it genre-hopping any more, it just is. And so long as it keeps moving in the right direction, this will continue to be a positive force for future music.
The extant UK dance scene has been central to spurring on new music. It's been fascinating to watch the exponential rise and mutation of dubstep over the last decade. From its beginnings as a humble offshoot of 2-step and grime, dubstep evolved into the huge, ubiquitous force we know today. Who would have thought that the dark, ebbing frequencies first heard at specialist nights like FWD>> would eventually have found their place at the top of the charts? Reynolds upholds dubstep as an exception to the rule in Retromania, but dismisses efforts from Magnetic Man and Tinchy Stryder as “watered-down crossovers into chart-pop terrain”. In the short time since this passage was written however, we've witnessed the emergence of dubstep across the pop board. The best example of this can be found on Katy B's On A Mission – the definition of a UK bass-pop gem and one of the first successful crossover records of its kind. She is at once well respected by the underground and adored by pop's mainstream. And although elements of trance, rave and breakbeat feature prominently, Katy's mission in question is clearly to accelerate away from the past - influences absorbed, but never flouted. Unlike the preceding Magnetic Man album on which she featured, it doesn't feel like a token attempt to cut & shut dubstep with pop music. It's a celebration of UK bass from the bottom-up, harnessing that heavy modern sound to fit her own unique songwriting talents.
Far from slowing down, dubstep and its bass music offshoots are still evolving and reinventing themselves at an alarming rate. Labels like Night Slugs and Hessle Audio are continuing to release records that defy categorisation, the loose, sub-bass heavy template a seemingly bottomless well of inspiration. Bass music now incorporates a spectrum ranging from Shackleton's atmospheric sound-sculptures to the punchy, synth-laden maximalism of Rustie and Damu.
But those looking to explore even wilder frontiers need only look to the US, and the rise of footwork - a great-grandchild of the original Chicago house scene which, like dubstep, started life as a subterranean version of a more popular style. It may have been in incubation since at least the late nineties, but to most ears the genre's herky-jerk rhythms, lo-tech production and competitive dancing culture are at odds with pretty much anything we've come to see in dance music so far. The recent attention brought on by a series of albums and the influential Bangs & Works compilations on the British Planet Mu label (as well as by dubstep-footwork hybrid man Addison Groove) has seen high praise from commentators such as Reynolds, who speaks in interviews about its “jaw-drop” effect.
Listening – and dancing – to footwork feels like discovering a remote Galápagoan species that has evolved in a vacuum since the early days of house and techno, away from the influence of other dance trends. Named after the freestyle breaky-legged dance performed in Chicago basements and gym-spaces, footwork eschews kickdrums (one of the key percussive elements in house/techno derived dance music), opting for a flurry of erratic snares, toms and rapidfire samples, underpinned by booming sub-bass. Scene stalwarts including DJs Spinn and Rashad are now making waves in Europe - at high volume, away from its comparative strangeness on headphones, footwork has been delighting rather than baffling clubbers. Relative newcomers such as Young Smoke, T-Why and Jlin are pushing the style into even stranger territories. Footwork has proven to be unlike anything we've really seen in dance music before. The fact that this once very isolated scene is now infecting outwards bodes well for the future. With a number of albums this year influenced by the genre, by global adopters including Machinedrum, Sully and Africa Hitech, it's only a matter of time until footwork gains much wider currency.
The world has seen an immeasurable amount of change in only the last twelve months – from the rise of the Tory-led government, the Arab spring, student protests, the Fukushima disaster, the killing of Bin-Laden and Gadaffi, the phone-hacking scandal and subsequent collapse of the News of the World, the England riots, the Occupy movement, not to mention the growing concerns over global economic collapse – there's no denying we're far from the pre-credit crunch era of housing booms and relative social stability. Art, music and youth culture are directly affected. There is no longer the same space for the privileged, vintage-toting, apolitical, hipster figure that came to define youth culture in the last decade. Music, as a reflection of public mood, has to galvanise itself in order to fit the changing perspectives of its audience. This doesn't necessarily mean a return to protest music in the sixties sense of the word (God knows we don't need any more Frank Turners), but maybe a sense of progress, of movement and action is required in these new, visceral times. Sassy post-modernism comes off as a rather shallow aesthetic when the rent's overdue and all the shops down the road have had their windows smashed in. No wonder it was PJ Harvey's topical Let England Shake that made the most impact on critical lists this year.
As long as there's comfort to be gained and money to be made from nostalgia, retro will always exist. It would be dangerous to abandon the past altogether – pop history is far too rich and plentiful to be ignored outright. But pop is far from eating itself. It would be impossible to cover all the ways in which new music is thriving in 2011. I haven't even had the chance to touch on the innovations in hip-hop and R&B this year, with Death Grips and Shabazz Palaces representing only a pinch of what's new and exciting in this arena. It may be some time before we see the kind of seismic movement yearned for by Simon Reynolds in Retromania – but if there is one, it may already be here: we just haven't realised yet. Rave music wasn't the product of someone taking a pill and inventing the TB303 one night while everyone else sat about listening to The Smiths. Similarly, post-punk came from a large number of permutations and external influences over a very disparate range of scenes and subcultures, with kids reworking disco and funk licks to suit their own art-school tendencies.
The fact that there are now so many avenues to explore, (or as The Quietus's Luke Turner puts it in his Wreath Lecture: “the continued shattering of our culture”), means a unified paradigm shift is even less likely to happen in 2011. But with the kind of impact that can come out of the slow development and subsequent explosion of original styles like dubstep and footwork, it's clear we can still achieve enough momentum to push through those retromanic tendencies and use these new ideas to fuel and define the future.
Policy aimed at promoting economic opportunity for poor children must be framed within three stark realities. First, many poor children come from families that do not give them the kind of support that middle-class children get from their families. Second, as a result, these children enter kindergarten far behind their more advantaged peers and, on average, never catch up and even fall further behind. Third, in addition to the education deficit, poor children are more likely to make bad decisions that lead them to drop out of school, become teen parents, join gangs and break the law.
In addition to the thousands of local and national programs that aim to help young people avoid these life-altering problems, we should figure out more ways to convince young people that their decisions will greatly influence whether they avoid poverty and enter the middle class. Let politicians, schoolteachers and administrators, community leaders, ministers and parents drill into children the message that in a free society, they enter adulthood with three major responsibilities: at least finish high school, get a full-time job and wait until age 21 to get married and have children.
Our research shows that of American adults who followed these three simple rules, only about 2 percent are in poverty and nearly 75 percent have joined the middle class (defined as earning around $55,000 or more per year). There are surely influences other than these principles at play, but following them guides a young adult away from poverty and toward the middle class.
Consider an example. Today, more than 40 percent of American children, including more than 70 percent of black children and 50 percent of Hispanic children, are born outside marriage. This unprecedented rate of nonmarital births, combined with the nation's high divorce rate, means that around half of children will spend part of their childhood—and for a considerable number of these all of their childhood — in a single-parent family. As hard as single parents try to give their children a healthy home environment, children in female-headed families are four or more times as likely as children from married-couple families to live in poverty. In turn, poverty is associated with a wide range of negative outcomes in children, including school dropout and out-of-wedlock births.
It is sometimes said that Americans are turning their back on the marriage culture. The high divorce rate, soaring nonmarital birth rate and consequent rise of single-parent families are certainly weakening marriage as an institution. But look again and discover that college-educated women have high marriage rates, low nonmarital birthrates, and low divorce rates. The marriage culture seems to be alive and well for those with a college degree. These families usually not only have enough money to afford good schools for their children, but they also provide a stable family environment that allows children to flourish.
The recent attacks by Planned Parenthood on Michael Bloomberg, New York City's mayor, for launching a campaign designed to inform teenagers of the consequences of teen pregnancy provides a good example of how many in our society face the effects of nonmarital births on teen mothers and their children. In one of the campaign posters, a baby with tears rolling down his face says: “I'm twice as likely not to graduate high school because you had me as a teen.” Another shows a girl saying to her mom: “Chances are he won't stay with you. What happens to me?” Planned Parenthood criticized the ads, displayed in the subway and bus shelters, for ignoring racial and economic factors that contribute to teen pregnancy. Other critics say the ads stigmatize teen parents and their children.
Granted, most teen moms are from low-income families and face a number of barriers to success. Along comes Bloomberg with a direct message to get the attention of teenage girls and warn them not to make their situation worse and to think more about their future. If the mother wants to improve her future by continuing her education, being a teenage parent is precisely the wrong way to do it. As for blaming the victim, no one is blaming the baby—yet the baby will also bear long-term consequences.
Teenagers are capable of understanding principles and of using them to help make decisions. Anyone who delivers messages to teens about the consequences of decisions that could affect them and others for many years should be praised not criticized.
Bloomberg should next launch a public campaign about the value of marriage to adults, children and society. There will be at least as many critics of this message as the message that young people should avoid teen pregnancy. Good. The bigger the controversy, the more the media will cover the debate, and the more the nation will have the opportunity to reflect on what is at stake. I am confident that most Americans will conclude that organizations like Planned Parenthood have it wrong, and Bloomberg has it right.
Legislation that would prevent the Internal Revenue Service from requiring tax-exempt organizations to include the names, addresses, or identifying information of donors in yearly returns could end up on President Barack Obama's desk.
The House passed the bill, introduced by Rep. Peter Roskam, R-Ill., by a vote of 240-182.
The White House Office of Management and Budget said the Obama administration opposes the House legislation. The bill “would constrain the Internal Revenue Service's ability to enforce tax laws and reduce transparency,” it said.
House votes to stop IRS from collecting info of nonprofit donors – https://t.co/46w7GZhPSM – @WashTimes — Peter Roskam (@PeterRoskam) June 14, 2016
“We voted to eliminate a confidential form the IRS proved incapable of securing,” Roskam said in a prepared statement after the legislation passed June 14. “The agency has said it doesn't even need this form for tax administration in the first place.”
Currently, 501(c)(3) and 501(c)(4) nonprofits must provide donor names and addresses to the IRS on Form B of their annual Form 990 information returns. These tax-exempt organizations must disclose the identities and other information for donors who contribute more than $5,000.
The Conservative Action Project, comprised of leaders at over 100 organizations working toward common goals within the conservative movement, recently issued a memo calling for a curtailment of IRS power.
Chairwoman of the group is Becky Norton Dunlop, a former White House adviser to President Ronald Reagan who is The Heritage Foundation's longtime vice president for external relations and currently the think tank's Ronald Reagan distinguished fellow.
“The IRS itself has conceded that it has great difficulty maintaining the statutory confidentiality of donors' identity,” the Conservative Action Group's memo says, adding:
Many believe that compelling the disclosure of donor information violates the contributors' and [tax-]exempt organizations' First Amendment rights to freedom of association and that Congress should prohibit the continued collection by the IRS of this sensitive information.
>>> Conservatives Impatient With House Leadership on Impeaching IRS Chief
Roskam's bill, H.R. 5053, was titled the “Preventing IRS Abuse and Protecting Free Speech Act.”
The memo, signed by over 70 conservative leaders, called for support of Roskam's legislation:
In 2013, senior IRS official Lois Lerner admitted that organizations were targeted because of their titles or beliefs, but claimed that the practice was ‘absolutely incorrect, insensitive, and inappropriate.' H.R. 5053 will assist the IRS in doing its job: If the IRS doesn't have information about donors to 501(c) organizations, it can't release it, by mistake, or by direction of a successor to Lois Lerner—one of whom might, soon, be a Republican.
The Senate Committee on Finance released a report last fall that claims the IRS mishandled tea party and conservative groups' applications for tax-exempt status, but Lerner, former director of the agency's Exempt Organizations Division, was not charged by the Department of Justice.
The current IRS commissioner, John Koskinen, is also under threat of impeachment by the House Judiciary Committee for failing to produce documents in relation to the Lerner scandal.
“When the IRS scandal broke, Congress demanded answers from the agency's top officials. Were they targeting groups for their religious and political beliefs?” House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., wrote in an op-ed for The Daily Signal. “No, they said, it was just a few rogue employees in Ohio—if anything at all. Well, what happened to Lois Lerner's emails? Oh, they were lost in a tragic hard drive crash.”
J. Russell George, the Treasury Department's inspector general, testified before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, telling lawmakers that IRS employees erased 422 backup tapes that housed 24,000 emails sent to and from Lerner. The erasure came a month after IRS officials had been told the emails were missing due to a hard drive crash, The Daily Signal previously reported.
>>> IRS Employees Erased 422 Backup Tapes Containing 24,000 of Lois Lerner's Emails
One of the signatories on the Conservative Action Project memo, Jenny Beth Martin, co-founder and president of Tea Party Patriots, released the following statement:
In our republic, it is the government that needs to be transparent about the ways it exercises its enormous power, and the American people are guaranteed privacy and the freedom to associate in the Bill of Rights. On behalf of our over 2 million supporters I want to sincerely thank the House of Representatives for taking action on this important issue to help protect and expand the First Amendment and I call on the U.S. Senate to join the House in passing this bill so it can be sent to the president's desk as soon as possible.
Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., introduced on June 15 a companion bill to the legislation passed in the House. Scott's legislation was referred to the Senate Committee on Finance.
“The IRS' targeting of groups based on their political beliefs is totally unacceptable, and we must take concrete steps to ensure it never happens again,” Scott said in a prepared statement.
In a brand-new interview with The Morning Call, SLIPKNOT guitarist Jim Root spoke about the success of the band's latest album, ".5: The Gray Chapter", which sold approximately 132,000 copies in its first week of release to debut at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 album sales chart. It was SLIPKNOT's second straight chart-topper following its predecessor, "All Hope Is Gone", which moved 240,000 copies in its first week back in 2008.
"You don't even know are we going to have a career," Root told The Morning Call about the current state of the music industry. "Are we going to be able to sell records? Are we going to have a label? I mean, labels are [shutting down] all the time. It takes like pop and rap to keep these labels going because those are the only people that are buying records anymore
"To have a No. 1 with 130,000 copies sold is, you know, I remember when we first started selling records, in order to have a No. 1, you'd have to sell at least a half a million if not more, for the rock side of things," he said. "And now it's a fraction of that. So it kind of really shows you the state of where everything's at. I don't put too much into that anyway because we don't see a penny off of record sales and we never have. For us it's all about touring."
During the same interview, Root declined to name the musicians who are playing drums and bass on SLIPKNOT's current tour, despite the fact that their identities were revealed as Jay Weinberg and Alessandro "Vman" Venturella by a disgruntled former drumtech for SLIPKNOT who posted a picture of a backstage call sheet on Instagram.
"It's a little bit of a confusing part of our lives," Root said of the rhythm section situation. "I'm just going to say we have drummer X and bass player Y helping us out for the time being, and who knows what the future will hold?
"[Late SLIPKNOT bassist] Paul [Gray] was taken away from us, and that can never really be replaced. And we're not the type of band that will ever be like, we're not going to throw a mask that looks just like Paul's mask and slap a number 2 on their shoulder and say this is our new bass player.
"That's not how it works. They've got to try and find their way within our band, and as they do that, as it evolves, then we'll figure out what they should have on their sleeve, if anything. Right now, both of those guys have blank sleeves."
WASHINGTON -- Donald Trump's decision to unveil a list of 11 potential Supreme Court nominees that he would choose from as president has been viewed as a peace offering to conservatives. They don't trust his ideological bearings. So he just gave them tangible evidence -- in the form of names -- that he shares their judicial philosophy.
But there's a side effect to what he's done that could translate to long-term legislative benefits if the GOP presidential front-runner ends up in the Oval Office.
Nearly everyone on Trump's list has close ties to Republican senators. As Politico reported, one potential nominee is a close acquaintance of Sen. John Cornyn (R-Texas). Another is a former professor of Sen. Cory Gardner (R-Colo.). Another is a longtime favorite of Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa). Thomas Lee, a Utah Supreme Court justice, is the brother of Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah.).
In life under President Trump, it's not hard to imagine that these senators would consider the prospect of seeing their old friend, mentor or brother appointed to the Supreme Court (or, conversely, removed from Trump's list) when weighing the White House's legislative agenda.
This is precisely why it's rare to see a presidential candidate release a list of potential Supreme Court nominees before ever getting elected. There's an ethical dimension to using a sitting judge as barter for something else -- even if it just looks that way.
"Half of judicial ethics isn't impropriety as much as the appearance of impropriety," said Russell Wheeler, an expert on courts and judicial selection at the Brookings Institution. "It creates the sense of, 'Maybe they're trying to curry favor with the president,' even if it's not true."
Of course, it's all part of the veneer that courts are above politics and that the nomination process to fill court vacancies is apolitical. But Wheeler says he was still shocked by the arrangement Trump came up with.
"It gave me pause," he said. "The fact is, Mike Lee might be above reproach and his brother may be above reproach, but the very fact that you and I can wonder about that, it creates problems. With Utah, there's a lot of Mormon Churches opposition to Trump. There's talk that Clinton might be able to swing that very red state. You don't have to be too bright to figure out what might be going on there."
ASSOCIATED PRESS Utah Supreme Court Justice Thomas Lee is one of the people on Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee list. His brother is a U.S. senator, and he's from a state where Trump is doing terribly in the polls. Hmm.
Other political observers didn't think it was as big of a deal, if only because they don't see the court nomination process as void of political considerations.
"What else is new?" asked Ken Gross, a D.C.-based lawyer who specializes in congressional ethics and the regulation of political activity. "You do things to ingratiate yourself to senators and others to garner their support. I think that that's an upside for Trump ... It's politics as usual. You use as much leverage as you can."
Trump himself may see his Supreme Court nominee list as a political vehicle. Most of his picks hail from swing states or states that Trump would clearly like to put in play as he makes a Rust Belt push in the general election. As Chris Geidner of BuzzFeed pointed out, nearly half of the people on Trump's list are on state courts, compared to the current composition of the Supreme Court, where three members came from the D.C. Circuit and four were from other federal appeals courts.
There's another reason to think that politics (yes, politics!) is part of Trump's Supreme Court thinking. His names were cobbled together with the help of the right-leaning Federalist Society as a means of saying, essentially, that these were the ideological bounds of the acceptable. But since then, Trump has said he would "add to the list" -- an addendum that has made his skeptics nervous and given an incentive to other senators to push their personal favorites.
While that may not be the way the public likes to think a Supreme Court seat is filled, some legal observers aren't surprised it's playing out this way.
"Pretty much the only thing we know is that he wants to win. So, in that case, whatever strategy works to secure confirmation will be what matters," said Sarah Binder, a political science professor at George Washington University who focuses on federal judicial matters.
"Does that mean he might dangle a potential nomination of Sen. Lee's brother to try to induce Lee's vote on other issues? Or Cornyn's or Grassley's for some other favored nominee? Possibly. And would that be unseemly in some way?" she asked. "Presidents and senators make calculations all the time about the price for votes. Is it much different than committing to limiting citrus imports to get a Florida lawmaker's vote for a trade deal?"
Well, it is a lifetime appointment to the most powerful court in the country.
"I'd say it's a difference in degree, rather than in kind," said Binder.
GOAL: The goal of each level is to create as large of a bubble as possible without it touching the moving circles. Clicking on the game will create a small bubble which gets larger with a constant speed. The bubble stops growing when any other circle runs into it. To pass the level you need to reach a size of over 100. If you beat the first 10 levels you get to create custom levels of your own.
HOW TO PLAY: At first there will be a few slow moving circles. Click anywhere on the board (probably in a space where other circles are moving away) and a bubble will begin to grow. There is a threshold size for the bubble to advance to the next level. Each level has more, faster moving obstacles.
The dressing rooms are being rebuilt. Mechanical equipment is being replaced. Even the Calgary Flames' administrative staffers have moved back into their offices.
Slowly yet steadily, the restoration of the Scotiabank Saddledome continues in the wake of June's mammoth flooding, which caused the inside of the 19,000-seat facility to fill with enough water to submerge the entire rink area and the first eight rows of seats.
On Tuesday, team and building officials met to discuss where they were in their efforts and if they could still meet their target date of having the Saddledome ready for hockey by Sept. 1. That would allow the Flames to play their four home preseason games at the Saddledome in preparation for their NHL regular season home opener Oct. 6 against the Vancouver Canucks.
Story continues below advertisement
"From a public standpoint, and from a hockey standpoint, we want everything to be operational. This week was the time to decide if we could proceed as planned," Flames' president and CEO Ken King said Wednesday, "and the answer is yes."
Once the flood water from the nearby Bow River was pumped out of the Saddledome, engineers conducted tests to determine the structural integrity of the almost 30-year-old building. The Flames said everything was checked accordingly and that the current work consists of installing new kitchen areas and new seats while also replacing the electronic headquarters for the arena's digital-screen scoreboard.
"We have orders in for new ice-making equipment," King said. "We have a backup plant that we may not need but we have it ready. All of our event-floor equipment is new."
No official cost has been put on the damage done to the Saddledome. All King would say on the subject was the facility has insurance coverage and that the paperwork is being done.
As with any renovation work, things can go off the rails – unexpected problems can pop up, delays can occur. King repeated all was on time and proceeding well, although he did acknowledge backup plans had been discussed. Beyond that, he declined comment.
Already, the Flames have preseason games slated for Saskatoon (Sept. 16 against the Ottawa Senators) and Regina (Sept. 17 against the New York Islanders). If they had to play more preseason games outside of the Saddledome, the possibilities are limited – the nearby 6,400-seat Stampede Corral, Red Deer's 6,700-seat Centrium and the 5,400-seat Enmax Centre in Lethbridge. The situation would be far more intense if regular-season games were in jeopardy of being rescheduled or relocated.
To this point, the Flames don't believe that will happen.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
With so much effort being put into reopening of the city-owned, Flames-operated Saddledome, little has been said about the possibility of a new arena – one built either on the Calgary Exhibition & Stampede grounds or elsewhere in the city. Sources have insisted if the Flames want a new facility, one where they could retain a greater percentage of the revenues, it would take almost three years to build.
The Flames' Saddledome lease expires in 2014 and the club may have no option but to stay in the arena it has called home since October, 1983.
jason chaffetz More
Former president Barack Obama's upcoming speech to investment bank Cantor Fitzgerald has caught the eye of US lawmakers — particularly for the six-figure payment Obama is receiving for the appearance.
At least one lawmaker suggested Congress may evaluate Obama's presidential pension because of it.
House Oversight and Government Reform chair Jason Chaffetz commented in a USA Today story published Wednesday that said lawmakers may reintroduce a bill that would target presidential pensions if a former commander-in-chief earns outside income of at least $400,000.
While in office, Obama vetoed the Presidential Allowance Modernization Act — a bill sponsored by Chaffetz that would have capped a president's pension at $200,000 a year and phased out pensions if they earned $400,000 or more from other sources.
USA Today's tweet Wednesday night read: "Obama's $400,000 speech could prompt Congress to go after his pension."
Chaffetz responded: "Yes, it will."
Obama's $400,000 speech could prompt Congress to go after his pension https://t.co/h17muKPMmE via @USATODAY Yes, it will
— Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) May 4, 2017
"The Obama hypocrisy on this issue is revealing," Chaffetz added. "His veto was very self-serving."
"The basic premise here is, if they want to go fishing in Utah for the rest of their lives, they can do that. They will be well compensated for the rest of their lives," Chaffetz said. "If they're going to make millions of dollars, the taxpayers shouldn't have to subsidize them."
Obama reasoned that his veto was based upon "unintended consequences" that would have affected his predecessors.
"President Obama will deliver speeches from time to time," said former White House spokesman Eric Schultz. "Some of those speeches will be paid, some will be unpaid, and regardless of venue or sponsor, President Obama will be true to his values, his vision, and his record."
Related:
For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android.
NOW WATCH: This animated map shows how religion spread across the world
More From Business Insider
PM Modi with Chief Executive Officer Abdullah Abdullah in Kabul.
India will give 500 scholarships for children of martyrs of Afghan security forces, Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced today as he met Afghan President Ashraf Ghani and other leaders and discussed a wide range of issues, including bilateral cooperation and security matters.PM Modi, who flew in the Afghan capital from Moscow in the early hours, was received by Afghan National Security Adviser Mohammad Hanif Atmar and Deputy Foreign minister Hekmat Karzai."From Russia to Afghanistan. A pre-dawn arrival in Kabul begins a day of engagements with another 'dost' (friend)," tweeted External Affairs Ministry spokesman Vikas Swarup.PM Modi was then accorded a ceremonial welcome after which he met Mr Ghani who received him warmly at the Presidential palace."A meeting between friends...President @ashrafghani warmly welcomes PM @narendramodi as they begin their meeting," the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) tweeted."The embrace of a friend, the strength of a true partner. Prez @ashrafghani welcomes PM @narendramodi in Kabul," Mr Swaruptweeted.The two leaders discussed a wide range of issues, including the ongoing cooperation between the two countries and the Indian aid programme.The two leaders also took stock of the security situation in Afghanistan where the signs of resurgence of Taliban are being witnessed.After the meeting, Modi inaugurated the new Afghan Parliament building which has been constructed by India and addressed the lawmakers of this country."Today, I announce 500 scholarships for the children of the martyrs of Afghan security forces," he said in his speech in Afghanistan's Parliament.PM Modi said India's scheme of 1,000 scholarships every year for Afghan students will continue."We are pleased with the response to our special scholarship scheme in agriculture science," he added."Power and water will flow out of Salma Dam soon. The Stor Palace will again stand as a symbol of your priceless heritage," he said.The Prime Minister also expressed gratitude to the Indian diplomats, officers, engineers and doctors, "who serve here with pride, to the families of our Indian martyrs".PM Modi also met other Afghan leaders, including Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Abdullah Abdullah and former president Hamid Karzai.
Man held for allegedly stealing S.F. car with baby inside
Solomon Alemu Photo: San Francisco Police Department Photo: San Francisco Police Department Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Man held for allegedly stealing S.F. car with baby inside 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
San Francisco police arrested a man they believe stole a car with a 4-month-old girl inside, before reuniting the baby with her family, officials said.
At 10:41 a.m. Wednesday, the victim flagged down police officers on the 100 block of Golden Gate Avenue, explaining that his car, which had his baby daughter inside, was stolen, said Officer Albie Esparza, a police spokesman.
The victim had pulled over to survey his car after someone kicked it, Esparza said, and was stunned when a crook jumped into the vehicle and took off.
Ten minutes later, police spotted the car on the 500 block of Seventh Street — right in front of the public defender's office — and arrested city resident Solomon Alemu, 33, on suspicion of auto theft, kidnapping and child endangerment.
The child was unharmed.
Hamed Aleaziz is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: haleaziz@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @haleaziz
Photo
Senator Ted Cruz and Donald J. Trump are essentially running neck and neck in Iowa less than three weeks before the state's caucuses, according to a new poll released on Wednesday that suggests the two leading candidates could intensify their sniping in the homestretch of the race.
A Des Moines Register/Bloomberg Politics survey found that 25 percent of Iowa Republican voters support Mr. Cruz while 22 percent back Mr. Trump. Senator Marco Rubio and Ben Carson make up the second tier, with 12 percent and 11 percent, respectively, while the rest of the Republican field is languishing in single digits. The margin of error is plus or minus four percentage points.
The poll tracks with other recent surveys that indicate a tight race in Iowa, which begins the presidential nominating process with its caucuses on Feb. 1. Mr. Cruz, who has been consolidating the support of evangelical Christians there in recent months, has seen his support soften a bit since December as Mr. Trump has intensified his attacks.
The billionaire developer has raised questions about Mr. Cruz's eligibility to be president because he was born in Canada and has questioned the Texas senator's standing with evangelicals by noting his Cuban heritage. After months of trying to embrace Mr. Trump and his supporters, Mr. Cruz has finally started to hit back, mocking his knowledge of foreign policy and accusing him of being someone that “embodies New York values.”
The poll released on Wednesday found that most Iowans are not overly concerned with Mr. Cruz's Canadian roots and that they find his strong Christian values to be very appealing. Mr. Trump is seen as the candidate more likely to disrupt the way government works.
The two candidates are spending significant time and resources in Iowa ahead of the caucuses. At a rally on Tuesday night, Mr. Trump joked that he might even buy real estate in the state someday.
“I love Iowa,” he said. “I think I'm gonna buy a farm and settle down out here.”
Having been undergoing more than 2 months open beta, LockInfo 8 by iOS developer David Ashman, a very popular lockscreen replacement tweak, has released officially today on Cydia.
For those who are new to LockInfo, it is a lockscreen / notification center tweak that allows you to customize your lockscreen to get the information you need, when you need it and access to all of your important information right on your lockscreen. Since LockInfo 7, it also integrated with another tweak from the same developer called Forecast, which offers quick access of weather information from lockscreen with optional full-screen weather animations.
In summary, LockInfo includes the following great features:
– Integrate notifications and Today View widget
– Pull down on notification screens to clear all notifications at once
– Tight integration with the native notification system of iOS
– Rich previews of email messages from lockscreen
– Full forecast weather page and animated weather wallpapers
– Improved calendar agenda widget
To explain in layman terms, you can add native iOS 8 widgets on your lockscreen, as well as customize notifications to show with the widgets in one combined view, instead of Today and Notification Views separated. This also applies to Notification Center that you no longer need to swipe between 2 tabs for widgets and notifications. This feature is very handy in the sense that you can view, focus and handle what you need in a single place, without missing anything important to you.
Standard notifications show on the lockscreen when they come in as what you normally see for stock iOS. You can swipe to take action or dismiss on the notification as usual. You can also swipe the page to the left to invoke Today View on the next page. This behaves the same in your Notification Center. You can act or dismiss as you do normally.
In order to have a unified, integrated view of both notifications and widgets of choice, you can add the widgets and apps that you want to show notifications from where you normal add widgets into Notification Center Today View. This is not something that I particularly like because it does take a lot of time to customize if you have a lot of push notification from numbers of apps. I would rather have a toggle for all, in addition to adding it one by one.
In the Settings panel of LockInfo 8, there are just tons of options that you can customize with. They include appearance and behavior of LockInfo on lockscreen and Notification Center and the bundled agenda widget; controls on Auto-lock, screen dimming and password bypass; weather page settings; and many more you can find from the screenshot below. Note that the last button called “Add Icon To HomeScreen” is not part of LockInfo, but another tweak called HomeScreen Settings.
After a few hours testing, I only had one crash when I wanted to clear the notifications. I have over 20 different jaibreak tweaks installed on my iPhone 6 and it is compatible to almost everyone of them, including namely Confero (handles notifications into one unified “folder” view), TwitkaFly iOS 7/8+ (twitter quick compose and reply from notification center and Activator actions), SimpleCenters (deep modification on Notification Center and Control Center), and even IntelliScreenX (sort of competitor of LockInfo that allows users to add a ton of useful information to the Notification Center and lockscreen).
But there is one obvious bug that I noticed so far, which is compatibility with atom, a popular paid lockscreen launcher tweak. I have Lockinfo lockscreen view enabled with atom and. I am not sure if that is something related to LockPage bundle (that comes with LockInfo) overlaps with the atom interface. But this does not interfere when normal notification alerts coming in. So this partially blocks out one of the flagship feature of LockInfo indeed.
I have been using it since LockInfo 5 and I like it as much as I like IntelliScreenX. One of the best things for LockInfo is on price itself and also for the upgrade tiers. For new users, ISX costs $9.99 with 3 day trial but LockInfo is set at $4.99 with 14 day trial; previous ISX 7 owners have to pay $4.99 (50%) for upgrading to ISX 8, but LockInfo 5-7 owners will only need to pay a $1.99 (40%) upgrade fee for LockInfo 8. Plus, if you purchased LockInfo after July 1, 2014, you will not need to pay the upgrade fee. You will receive an email no matter you get a free or paid upgrade that will redirect you to Amazon or PayPal payment pages. And one license supports 5 devices to be registered.
Arguably, ISX does offer more functionalities like Messages+ for Quick SMS/iMessage compose, as well as additional tabs for social media accounts. But with that said, for the comprehensiveness, complexity and high level customization of LockInfo, $4.99 does not seem to be steep for entry. Additionally, as mentioned, you have 2 weeks free trial, so it won't go wrong to give it a try for free before making a decision. You can find LockInfo 8 available now on Cydia's ModMyi repo.
Let me know what you think about LockInfo 8 in the comments below or on my other social media platforms.
A miner in the Zeche Auguste Victoria coal mine on December 18, the mine's final day of operation, in Marl, Germany. Sascha Schuermann/Getty Images The US's biggest source of power for everything from your light bulbs to television has finally been unseated, and it may be a sign of things to come.
As suggested by numerous industry signals, coal as a source of energy may be slowly dying.
According to the Energy Information Agency, the US government's energy-tracking department, 2016 will be the first year coal is not the dominant source of power generation for the US since tracking began in 1950.
"For decades, coal has been the dominant energy source for generating electricity in the United States," a report from the agency said.
"[The EIA] is now forecasting that 2016 will be the first year that natural-gas-fired generation exceeds coal generation in the United States on an annual basis."
Energy Information Administration
A prime example of this stress was the bankruptcy announcement Wednesday of the world's second-largest coal miner, Peabody Energy.
There are two reasons for this, according to the EIA: costs of alternatives and environmental concerns.
The first was highlighted by the railroad giant CSX in its quarterly earnings call on Tuesday. The company announced that shipments of coal, which remains the most common product shipped by rail in the US, dropped by 31% in the first quarter from the same period last year.
Most of this is due to the price of natural gas, CSX CFO Frank Lonegro said, which is being used more and more by energy providers as its cost has gone down.
"Domestic coal will continue to be unfavorably impacted by low natural-gas prices, currently around $2.00, and high levels of coal inventory at the utilities," Lonegro said.
"As a result, we expected second-quarter tonnage to be around 18 million tons. In addition, we anticipate a similar quarterly run rate for the second half, recognizing domestic coal volume will be largely dependent on weather."
Association of American Railroads
Or as the EIA puts it:
Between 2000 and 2008, coal was significantly less expensive than natural gas, and coal supplied about 50% of total U.S. generation. However, beginning in 2009, the gap between coal and natural gas prices narrowed, as large amounts of natural gas produced from shale formations changed the balance between supply and demand in U.S. natural gas markets.
CSX CMO Fredrik Eliasson echoed similar sentiments.
"And so, clearly, based on where natural-gas prices are right now, there's an economic interest in diverting a lot of the utility plants away from coal, towards natural gas, and in some instances like you pointed out to also to nuclear," Eliasson said on the call.
The railroad company's coal revenues have fallen by $1.4 billion in the past four years, and the company is expecting them to drop by another $500 million this year.
This doesn't take into account the growth of other alternatives, such as solar power and other renewable sources, which according to BP's 2016 energy outlook could increase as a primary energy source sixfold over the next 20 years.
At the same time, the EIA and CSX also point to significant curtailing of coal production because of environmental regulations of the product.
"Environmental regulations affecting power plants have played a secondary role in driving coal's declining generation share over the past decade, although plant owners in some states have made investments to shift generation toward natural gas at least partly for environmental reasons," the EIA report said. "Looking forward, environmental regulations may play a larger role in conjunction with market forces."
Smoke from a coal-fired generator at a steel factory seen November 19. Getty Images/Kevin Frayer
A new law on carbon emissions will take effect in 2022, seriously affecting coal, Eliasson said.
"There are opportunities to see some pickup at some point, but there's no doubt that the trend on the utilities side is downward going forward," he said. "But I don't think it's anywhere close to the pace that we've seen here over the last four to five years."
"But, of course, also looking at the direct impact of the regulation that is going to kick in here potentially as we get into 2020 and beyond."
In addition, regulations coming out of 2015's COP21 world climate change meeting in Paris may also affect coal use.
Combining these two factors — alternatives and regulation — coal will see a precipitous decline over the coming years.
"Coal demand is projected to fall by more than 50% in both the US and OECD Europe, driven by plentiful supplies of gas, the falling cost of renewables, and stronger environmental regulation," the BP report said, also including another startling prediction.
"By 2035 coal accounts for less than 25% of primary energy, its lowest share since the industrial revolution."
So in sum, it seems that we may be seeing the end of coal as we know it in the US.
Julie lives in greater New York with her husband and dog. Cooking, gardening, traveling, and being as active as possible are some of her favorite hobbies. She is not a big fan of TV - except maybe The Food Network.
Be prepared to witness one of the most amazing examples of the power of love you've ever seen!
As the mom who filmed this says in the video, “people say it could never be done.” Six pit bulls, all staring at their dinner, which has been spilled on the floor by a 4-year-old girl. Most people would think this situation would be incredibly dangerous, and the little girl would be in harm's way, but if you understand the power that proper training has over dogs, you know that she's completely safe.
Not only are these adult male dogs all waiting patiently as she tells them to sit and watch, none of them rush toward her when she pours their dinner on the ground. Her mom instructs her to count, and they still wait as she counts to five. When she finally tells them it's time to eat, they all go for the food without an ounce of territorial anger toward one another.
This is one of the most amazing videos I've seen in a long time!
How does it make you feel to see such a little girl surrounded by such big dogs? Do you think this will help dispel that stereotype of pit bulls being an inherently dangerous breed?
Please SHARE!
A little under two years ago, Pixar Animation Studios started fighting to save their Dinosaur from extinction. The studio's 15th feature, The Good Dinosaur, had been in production for four years, but despite the best efforts of its hundred-strong crew, progress had ground to a halt.
The central concept – what if the asteroid that brought about the dinosaurs' extinction on Earth had missed? – was solid. But the storyline, in which a young Apatosaurus called Arlo strikes up an unlikely friendship with a feral Homo sapiens called Spot, had become increasingly tangled.
Extraneous characters and story twists and turns had crept in during the development process, and the film was stretching in too many directions at once, tying its 30-foot necks in knots. So John Lasseter, the studio's chief creative officer, took the drastic step of putting the film on pause – and, after a period of frenzied rewriting and brainstorming, replacing its original director, the Pixar veteran Bob Peterson, with his then-35-year-old deputy Peter Sohn.
At that stage Sohn had only one directing credit to his name: the short film Partly Cloudy, that played in cinemas in 2009 before Pixar's Up. (He also served as visual inspiration for the character of Russell, Up's eight-year-old wilderness scout: though he might not be the best-known director at Pixar, he's certainly the most recognisable.)
Spot the difference: Pixar director Peter Sohn was the visual inspiration for Russell in 'Up' Credit: Disney/Pixar
Around 19 months later, Sohn yesterday presented the first footage from The Good Dinosaur at the International Animation Film Festival in Annecy, in the south of France. Beforehand, he stopped in London to offer journalists a preview. Not much was known about the film's original plot, apart from Lasseter's wry description of it as a “boy-and-his-dog story with the roles reversed”.
But since Sohn's promotion, the story seems to have evolved from an Old Yeller- or Big Red-like sun-bathed prairie escapade to a more plaintive lost child's odyssey, in the style of the great, heart-wrenching Forties Disney animations Dumbo and Bambi. Now, Arlo would meet Spot after being swept down-river, far from his family and the grassy lowlands of their home. And so, Sohn and his team swept away many the film's secondary characters, in order to refocus on its central human-dinosaur relationship – the communication in which, incidentally, had to be mostly non-verbal, as the humans in the world of The Good Dinosaur had yet to achieve the power of speech.
All of this had to be pulled off in just over a year, along with re-casting the new roles and re-recording the new script. Though Pixar has a track record of taking troubled films back into development – both Toy Story sequels had the same treatment, and their 2012 princess fable Brave – this is the first time the studio has almost entirely replaced a film's cast after having recorded its dialogue, and characters voiced by John Lithgow, Judy Greer, Neil Patrick Harris and Bill Hader were all dropped. Only Frances McDormand remained as the voice of Arlo's mother: the new cast included young actors Raymond Ochoa and Jack Bright as the voices of Arlo and Spot, Jeffrey Wright replacing Lithgow as Arlo's father, and Sam Elliott, Anna Paquin and Steve Zahn as new dinosaur characters.
All of this high drama meant The Good Dinosaur was overtaken by the studio's next film, the ingenious coming-of-age story Inside Out, which arrives in UK cinemas in July after its premiere at the Cannes Film Festival last month. For cinema-goers, this means the heretofore-unprecedented thrill of two new Pixar titles in the space of six months: The Good Dinosaur is now locked in for a pre-Christmas release. The studio itself, however, has been in overdrive to get the damn thing finished. No wonder Sohn looks exhausted.
Exhausted but quietly confident, that is: with the news that Jurassic World has just taken half a billion dollars worldwide on its opening weekend, this is a good time to be in the dinosaur-movie business. For his brief London stopover, he's in a colourful suite at the Soho Hotel, drinking a rejuvenating smoothie that contains “bananas and, umm, energy”, according to the waiter who brings it.
As the child of first-generation Korean immigrants who ran a grocer's shop in New York City, Sohn says he had the value of hard work instilled in him from an early age, but even so, the past year and a half has been gruelling.
“The issue was that some of the foundational elements of the story were creating problems that just could not be fixed,” he says. “So you have to break them, and in breaking them there are a lot of sacrifices that you have to make. We had got to the point where The Good Dinosaur wanted to be two or three different kinds of films in one, and so we had to try to hone back in on the heart of it.”
Artwork from Pixar's 'The Good Dinosaur' Credit: Disney/Pixar
That heart was very much in evidence in a two-minute sequence that Sohn screened from the middle of the film, in which Arlo and Spot, sitting on the bank of a mighty river one night, draw symbols in the sand to describe how each one misses their families in this enormous, edgeless world. The scene has a piercing emotional directness that's all the more acute for its essential wordlessness. Even though Arlo talks, and Spot growls and snuffles, the meaning of what they're saying is carried entirely by their gestures and looks, and the warm lights of the fireflies that blink in the darkness.
Sohn reminisced about going with his mother to the Chase Manhattan Bank as a child to deposit the weekly earnings from the family's shop: she would hold back enough for two cinema tickets, and afterwards, on the way home, they would see a film together. Because his mother spoke only limited English, often Sohn had to whisper his own interpretation of the dialogue and plot points in her ear, in Korean. But during some films – and they were normally animations – he remembers both of them laughing, and occasionally shedding a tear, in unison, with no translation required.
That type of nonverbal storytelling is classic Disney, and exactly what Sohn wanted to bring to The Good Dinosaur after being handed the film's reins: “that idea that two people who don't speak the same language can still connect ended up driving the entire, rewritten movie,” he says.
Artwork from Pixar's 'The Good Dinosaur' Credit: Disney/Pixar
But Sohn was also able to weave in some obscurer nods towards Disney's earlier work, not least of all a pack of preening velociraptors – complete with paleontologically accurate feathers, coiffed like the hairstyles of Premier League footballers – which instantly bring to mind the quartet of mop-topped, Liverpudlian vultures in The Jungle Book.
What immediately sets The Good Dinosaur apart from Pixar's previous work – and, in fact, any animated film yet made – is the meticulous photorealism of its backdrops, which have been rendered in such dizzying detail that Sohn had to explain a shot of raindrops delicately drizzling down the leaves of a trailing plant wasn't live-action footage, but a clip from the film.
The dinosaurs themselves all look ineffably Pixar-ish – imagine Rex from Toy Story with a million-or-so more points of physical articulation – but the landscapes look like images from an Ansel Adams coffee-table book, with wide, snaking rivers, plains of silvery grass, and claw-like mountains rising up to rake at crowd-strewn skies.
Finding grandeur and threat in the world of The Good Dinosaur was essential for Sohn, particularly as, from what we know about the film so far, it doesn't seem to have a conventional villain. Sohn talked about making research trips to the mountains of Colorado and Wyoming – Apatosaurus's old stomping ground – and seeing canyons carved out by centuries of rock-falls and rushing water. “There was a great beauty to the landscape, but also a great danger,” he says. “And I wanted to capture that majesty in the film, because that's what we go to the cinema for.”
Sohn reveals that he cut out a row of tiny heads from black paper and stuck them along the bottom of his monitor at Pixar, like a little cinema audience in silhouette, so that when he was looking at frames from the film at his desk, the sheer scale of the finished picture would never slip from his mind. It's only fitting that the studio's biggest gamble to date should feel this enormous.
'The Good Dinosaur' will open in UK cinemas on Friday November 27
Exactly the same as our hugely popular G0710, but in a dazzling white color!
Mount this 1 HP Dust Collector to your wall and keep precious floor space free of clutter. With 537 CFM, this Dust Collector will handle just about any dust producing machine in your shop in a point-of-use, dedicated setup. A simple mounting bracket allows you to hang this dust collector on the wall, or mount it to a bench or the floor. Very versatile!
CSA certified meeting CSA C22.2 No 243-M91 and UL 1017-4 standards!
Motor size: 1 HP, 120V/240V, single-phase, prewired to 120V
Amps: 7A at 120V, 3.5A at 240V
Intake hole size: 4"
Bag size (diameter x depth): 13-1/2" x 24"
Powder-coated paint
Impeller: 10" balanced cast aluminum
Air suction capacity: 537 CFM
Maximum static pressure: 7.2"
Filter: 30 Microns
Made in an ISO 9001 company.
Approximate shipping weight: 50 lbs.
Optional Bag Upgrade to 3-Micron Filtration: H4340
If any Florida Democrats remain undecided before this state's March 15 presidential primary, at least they have fewer choices than their Republican counterparts. While three Democrats are on the ballot, just two — U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton — are still in the race.
To help to waver Democrats make up their minds, we recommend they do what Sanders has urged, and compare the records of the two candidates. Based on that comparison, Clinton, not Sanders, is the better choice.
Before serving as President Obama's first secretary of state, Clinton was twice elected a U.S. senator from New York. She was known as a hard worker in the Senate who was willing to reach across the aisle. According to a Washington Post analysis, she got more legislation approved in the Senate during her eight years than Sanders has, combined, during nearly a decade in the Senate and 16 years in the House.
Clinton entered national politics as first lady, a time when she might be best remembered for spearheading her husband's failed health-care reform campaign. But after that campaign collapsed, she worked with leaders of both parties in Congress to launch the Children's Health Insurance Program. It has provided health coverage to millions of children.
It's telling that in the current campaign, Clinton has won endorsements from 40 U.S. senators, 13 former senators and more than 100 House members. Sanders is backed by no current senators, one former senator, and five House members — one being Orlando's firebrand Democrat, Alan Grayson.
While Sanders' fans would point to his lack of endorsements as a badge of honor — proof that he is not part of the Washington establishment that he and Republican Donald Trump both revile — the next president will be confronted with a long to-do list after years of political paralysis in the nation's capital. The gap between the two candidates in support from those who have worked with them is vast, and suggests Clinton is far more likely to actually get things done.
Comparing the candidates' campaign promises also is revealing. Sanders' pie-in-the-sky platform includes "Medicare for all," free tuition at public colleges and universities, higher Social Security benefits and other programs that would swell the $4 trillion annual federal budget by another $2 trillion or more, according to left-leaning economists surveyed by The New York Times.
Clinton's platform, by contrast, would add about $100 billion a year to the budget. Considering that budget deficits are on the way up again after several years of decline, Clinton's plan is at least more reasonable and fiscally responsible.
Both candidates have proposed tax hikes on the wealthy and corporations to cover the cost of their proposals, but independent budget analysts have said Sanders' plan — despite a top individual tax rate that would exceed 70 percent — would still fall trillions of dollars short.
There's no question that Clinton is a polarizing figure. She has made some big mistakes, such as using a private email server as secretary of state. But there might be no more battle-tested presidential candidate than Clinton. She is much better prepared than Sanders to be an effective commander in chief, and has a far more realistic set of goals.
Washington State University physicists have created a fluid with negative mass, which is exactly what it sounds like. Push it, and unlike every physical object in the world we know, it doesn't accelerate in the direction it was pushed. It accelerates backwards.
The phenomenon is rarely created in laboratory conditions and can be used to explore some of the more challenging concepts of the cosmos, said Michael Forbes, a WSU assistant professor of physics and astronomy and an affiliate assistant professor at the University of Washington. The research appears today in the journal Physical Review Letters, where it is featured as an "Editor's Suggestion."
Hypothetically, matter can have negative mass in the same sense that an electric charge can be either negative or positive. People rarely think in these terms, and our everyday world sees only the positive aspects of Isaac Newton's Second Law of Motion, in which a force is equal to the mass of an object times its acceleration, or F=ma. In other words, if you push an object, it will accelerate in the direction you're pushing it. Mass will accelerate in the direction of the force.
After shattering an untold number of eardrums with their debut EP “Fragmenting Reality” in 2011, it appears as if A Trust Unclean are prepared to make a return. For those of you who don't know, this is a batshit crazy Technical Death Metal / Deathcore band hailing from Bicester, United Kingdom. They're truly on some next level insanity. Expect shred and absolute heaviness to mercilessly assault your aural senses upon listening.
In regards to the band's return, A Trust Unclean are currently preparing an all new EP known as “Reality Relinquished”. This may or may not serve as a conceptual sequel to the debut. And, so far, it's sounding every bit as massive – if not more so. This is evinced from the debut single called “Perverse Agenda”. This track will beat the living shit out of your existence (I mean that in the best way possible). It has just about everything needed to make you headbang and some.
And this is precisely why we're proud to bring you the world premiere of A Trust Unclean's “Perverse Agenda” right here, right now! It comes complete with a rather entertaining music video showing footage from numerous occasions and general shenanigans to boot. Check out the beast down below.
We've also included the artwork from the upcoming “Reality Relinquished” and… dear god… is it beautiful. Set phasers to stun and stay metal, my friends \m/
Links: Facebook // Twitter // Merch
Panorama explores how the two suspected Boston Marathon bombers - brothers raised and educated in the US - became radicalised, and asks if America's war on terror has come home.
On the 15th of April, in the worst terrorist attack on American soil since 9/11, two homemade bombs exploded at the finish line of the Boston Marathon, killing three people and injuring more than 200 participants and spectators. With interviews with those who knew them, Panorama reporter Hilary Andersson explores how the two suspected bombers - brothers raised and educated in the US - became radicalised, and asks if America's war on terror has come home.
With the surviving brother due to stand trial later this year, she goes on patrol with New York Police Department's anti-terrorist squad which uses the latest technology to protect New Yorkers from future terrorist attacks. But she finds a backlash amongst many Muslims in America against law enforcement programmes they believe are designed specifically to profile, map and spy on Muslims. Panorama asks: are the authorities spying on the right people?
Solar silicon materials producer, Silicor Materials is to establish a 19,000MT plant in Iceland to convert metallurgical-grade silicon (MG-Si) feedstock to purified solar grade silicon that it claims can be produced at US$9/kg.
The small US-based company is tapping banks, ports, equipment and electricity suppliers in Iceland to support the building and operating of the planned facility that will locate at the port of Grundartangi and initially employ 100 construction workers and around 400 full-time employees.
Unspecified financing requirements are being sought from Arion Bank, said to be one of the largest banks in the country, while Centra Corporate Finance is tasked with raising equity finance for the project. Location incentive packages were said to be ongoing with Iceland's Ministry of Industries and Innovation.
Silicor also said it had has obtained heads of terms, and a letter of intent from Landsvirkjun and Orka Náttúrunnar (ON Power) respectively, two of Iceland's largest power producers, to supply plant operations.
SMS Siemag, a machinery and plant construction expert for the steel, aluminum and metallurgical-grade silicon industries, has signed on to supply the majority of the facility's production equipment, according to Silicor.
“When we consider the potential sites for our first commercial-scale plant, Iceland is a leading candidate for a number of reasons,” said Theresa Jester, CEO of Silicor Materials. “In addition to its world-class manufacturing and transportation infrastructure, the country provides low-cost renewable energy, enabling Silicor to produce the only truly ‘green' silicon in the world. Further, Iceland ranks among the top aluminum producers worldwide, providing Silicor with a built-in market for its premium aluminum-based products. With the support of Arion Bank, we are well positioned to bring venture to realisation.”
Subject to final agreements, Silicor said it wanted to break ground later in 2014 and have construction and initial production in 2016.
Iceland benefits from very low electricity costs due to thermal power plants and has been touted as a location for both polysilicon and semiconductor manufacturing due to high energy consumption requirements.
Indominus Rex, the new and improved 50-foot long, 18-foot high Jurassic World dinosaur, is the perfectly subversive symbol of the new and improved Jurassic Park. And like the big bad prehistoric—or perhaps posthistoric—beast, director Colin Trevorrow is also a new kid on the block. His 2012 sci-fi comedy Safety Not Guaranteed made only $4 million at the box office, but its smart script and genre savvy caught the eyes of many critics, not to mention Steven Spielberg, who hired him to carry on the terror tradition in the franchise's fourth film (in theaters June 12). Trevorrow spoke to EW about the similarities between a dinosaur behemoth and a beloved movie franchise—and which is scarier to get close to.
EW: So we shouldn't expect to see Indominus Rex at the Natural History Museum, is that right?
COLIN TREVORROW: No, it's not a real dinosaur. The Indominus was meant to embody our worst tendencies. We're surrounded by wonder and yet we want more. And we want it bigger, faster, louder, better. And in the world of the movie the animal is designed based on a series of corporate focus groups. Like in the same way a lot of movies are. They sit a bunch of people down and they ask them, “What can we do to make the dinosaurs more entertaining for you? What would make you tell a friend to come to Jurassic World?” And their answer is, of course, “We want to see something bigger, faster, louder, more vicious; we want a killer.” And they get what what they ask for.
What's it actually made out of?
It's a hybrid of specific dinosaurs with great movie names like the Giganotosaurus and Majungasaurus, as well as other animals that exist in the world today, with certain attributes that Dr. Wu [B.D. Wong] felt would create the ultimate piece of entertainment.
Sounds like a pretty simple metaphor for going to the movies.
Well, we're so surrounded by so much of this marketing and just being told on a regular basis that you have to like this, you will go here, you want this. I found that to me that fit perfectly into what a theme park of dinosaur would be about. It's a surprisingly simple idea. I found that a lot of bigger films tend to get very complicated in their storytelling these days, and we have ideas in here that, yes, they may be sophisticated if you decide to think about them and talk about them a lot, but I think the experience of seeing the film is one that even young kids will be able to process and get behind.
That definitely ties into the desire in the movie culture for anything bigger and louder, right? The original Jurassic Park was a huge hit, but you don't even see the T. Rex for an hour.
Yeah, we live in a cult of the upgrade right now. There's always something around the corner that will make whatever you think is cool right now feel obsolete. And I feel like the Indominus Rex tis the animal version of that.
Were you thinking of other great villain characters from movies?
It's a classic villain to me because it's comparatively synthetic to the other dinosaurs. You know, Frankenstein and Darth Vader and even Captain Hook, there are parts to them that aren't entirely organic. Indominus sort of makes the dinosaurs feel like real animals. It's an abomination that must be exterminated.
We can tell a little bit from the trailers that the movie makes sly references to itself?
Right, you have to. Tthere's a character in the film played by Jake Johnson who says very clearly, early in the movie, “Jurassic Park—the original Jurassic Park—that was legit! You don't need synthetic dinosaurs. It was so much better when it was just real ones. Wasn't that enough for audiences?”
That's very funny.
I know there's a lot of both fans and people who love movies that are frustrated that we would have anything but real dinosaurs in the film. But to me that's the whole point.
For yourself, were you afraid at all selling out as a director? Or the perception that you were?
Well, obviously it's a thrill to direct a Jurassic Park film and it's a great honor. But from a storytelling standpoint, its not something that I wanted to do just so I could up my career. Or make a bunch of money. There's like six or seven genres going simultaneously in a movie like this. What is it—it's like a sci-fi adventure horror romantic comedy thriller? It's a lot. For me the challenge was doing a movie that balanced all those tones. That's what I challenged myself to do as a filmmaker. This was the next level opportunity to do that.
How ironic is it to you that some details of Indominus Rex have been leaked through merchandising?
You know, the toys are made almost a year in advance. We lock this stuff pretty far out. And yet I didn't really mind it.
Right, it totally underlines the metaphor.
At this point I realize that, just like the Indominus Rex itself, we have not been able to keep it in a cage. We failed. People have seen the animal. And to me, it's not that I don't wish we could've kept it a secret. Sure I do. But to me the exciting part of this movie is what happens and how it happens. So it's okay that we think of the dinosaurs like the actors—you know, come see what Chris Pratt and Bryce Dallas Howard and T. Rex and Indominus Rex are going to do. But the fact that stuff was leaked through merchandising plays right into what we're doing. Indominus is an abomination and a killer—and on party plates.
Does Adolf Balbuena, pictured below, look 18 or does he look considerably older?
As a result of the young man having been considered a minor until recently, he is being treated differently for running down and killing a child in Porterville, California, with the age mentioned offhandedly in the video report below. But he has no drivers license, so how can authorities know his true age?
It is not unheard of for illegal aliens for pose as minors to get more advantageous treatment, for example as happened with Honduran crack dealers in San Francisco . Middle-aged illegal aliens recently pretended to be teenagers to attend a Massachusetts high school.
Here's more about the drunk alien hit and run:
Initial reports did not state Balbuena's immigration status, but KMPH reported on Tuesday that he is an illegal immigrant from Mexico. Though the local district attorney is handling the case, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services will ultimately decide whether he will be tried in the U.S. or deported back to Mexico, the TV station reported. [. . .]
After hitting Moreno, Balbuena backed up and drove away. He was arrested at his home around an hour later, the Fresno Bee reported .
Adolf Balbuena, 18, mowed down the toddler, Angeles Moreno, as she and several others, including an 8-year-old boy, were waiting line at an ice cream truck.
An illegal immigrant driving drunk and without a license crashed through a fence Sunday, hitting and killing a 3-year-old girl as she was waiting in line for ice cream in Porterville, California.
The Obama administration told federal immigration lawyers to release illegal immigrants with “old” drunken-driving convictions and those found guilty of stealing other people's identities, according to a lawsuit filed by one of the lawyers at the center of the operation.
Patricia M. Vroom, a top attorney for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement in Arizona, filed a 67-page discrimination complaint that details repeated battles with agency higher-ups who told her to close cases and not deport people whom President Obama deemed low-priority.
Federal officials were particularly dismissive of identity theft convictions from Arizona, arguing that the state's laws were too strict and stealing an ID to get a job wasn't a serious enough offense to get kicked out of the country.
“This was a very significant development, as generally, criminal aliens, particularly convicted felons, are, under the [prosecutorial discretion] memos, ‘priority' cases that should be aggressively pursued,” Ms. Vroom said in her complaint.
But she said her superiors deemed the identity theft felons low-level offenders “since the typical alien defendant convicted under these provisions of Arizona criminal law had simply been using a fake I.D. to get and keep employment.”
Homeland Security officials said the department, of which ICE is a part, was looking over the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court in Arizona.
“We are reviewing the allegations in the complaint, which largely refer to events from 2012 and 2013 concerning workplace environment and various personnel decisions taken by key officials, some of whom have since left the department,” spokeswoman Marsha Catron said.
“The leadership of both [the Department of Homeland Security] and ICE take these allegations seriously and, when founded, will always take the appropriate disciplinary action,” she said.
Ms. Vroom, who filed the complaint Nov. 6, declined to comment through her attorney.
In her complaint, she detailed a September conversation in which top ICE lawyers told staff to ignore “old” DUI convictions if immigrants had enough “equities,” such as ties to the community or family responsibilities in the U.S., that would outweigh their criminal behavior.
ICE officials and Mr. Obama have defended their prosecutorial discretion, saying they have enough resources to deport only about 400,000 immigrants a year, so it makes sense to go after the most serious criminals, recent border crossers and those who have violated immigration laws repeatedly.
“We're misallocating resources. We're deporting people that shouldn't be deported. We're not deporting folks that are dangerous and need to be deported,” Mr. Obama said Sunday on the CBS program “Face the Nation.”
Mr. Obama has promised to expand his nondeportation policies by the end of the year, potentially granting tentative legal status and work permits to millions of illegal immigrants.
Deportations, though, have dropped by about 20 percent over the past two years, suggesting the administration is having trouble finding enough cases that meet its definition of “high priority.”
Critics say the Obama administration has given up on enforcement in all but the most extreme of cases.
“Criminals got released,” said Jessica Vaughan, director of policy studies at the Center for Immigration Studies, which pushes for a crackdown on immigration.
One major area of contention was Arizona's tough identity theft law, which makes it a felony to steal an identity for the purpose of getting a job. The law appeared designed to punish illegal immigrants who used bogus Social Security numbers to get jobs.
But ICE put pressure on its attorneys in Arizona to drop deportation cases against illegal immigrants convicted of felonies under that statute.
Ms. Vroom recounts that top Homeland Security attorneys held a conference call on Aug. 16, 2013, to talk about how to handle a “dreamer,” or illegal immigrant brought to the U.S. as a child, who had been convicted of ID theft under Arizona's law. The local field office was pursuing the deportation case, but the top officials wanted it canceled.
Ms. Vroom said officials in Washington should be the ones to insist that the case be canceled because they had such an interest, but a top ICE official rejected that idea in an email to Ms. Vroom: “No way. Keep it local Pat. Figure it out.”
Arizona's identity theft laws are being challenged in court.
Annie Lai, an assistant clinical professor of law at the University of California at Irvine, is leading a case arguing that Congress, not Arizona, has the power to regulate identity theft involving immigrants seeking jobs.
“A state can't create regulations that are going to present an obstacle to accomplishing federal objectives,” she said.
She said one example of a state law's interference with federal goals is the case of Noemi Romero, a young Arizona woman who would appear to qualify for Mr. Obama's deferred action policy for dreamers.
Ms. Romero, though, has not been approved for the policy. She told The Arizona Republic that she was convicted of criminal impersonation under Arizona law because she used her mother's Social Security number to get a job. That felony conviction has prevented her from gaining deferred action, she said.
If she had earned deferred action, she would have tentative legal status, a work permit and the chance in many states to apply for a driver's license and be eligible for in-state tuition. Instead, she remains in a legal limbo, with her deportation case put on hold, but without legal authorization to work in the U.S.
Ms. Lai said they have already had a court date to argue for a preliminary injunction against Arizona's identity-theft laws, and they are awaiting a judge's ruling on that.
For years, people have been warning that inequality is growing. Now we are beginning to see tangible political consequences. There is no reason that populist anger must devolve into right wing nationalism. The opportunity now is so much greater than that.
Since the 1980s, when we fell in love with deregulation and the promise of the global free market, economic inequality has been steadily on the rise. This rise was mirrored to varying degrees in countries Since the 1980s, when we fell in love with deregulation and the promise of the global free market, economic inequality has been steadily on the rise. This rise was mirrored to varying degrees in countries around the world. Globalization, which pulled down trade barriers with the promise of economic efficiency, accomplished that efficiency just fine; the problem is that it had the effect of creating broad swaths of winners (poor workers in nations that attracted jobs, and corporations and investors) and losers (middle class workers in developed nations who saw their jobs disappear). Even as free trade gave the world cumulative gains, those gains were not spread evenly. An increase in average national GDP does little to help an autoworker whose career, city, and opportunities have all been wiped out by multinational corporations following the pitiless logic of capitalism.
Free trade makes sense, in theory. Global institutions make sense, in theory. The problem is not “globalization,” which is merely a realistic reckoning with the nature of our modern world. The problem is Free trade makes sense, in theory. Global institutions make sense, in theory. The problem is not “globalization,” which is merely a realistic reckoning with the nature of our modern world. The problem is inequality . If the economic gains that came from the more efficient systems that globalization produced were shared equally, people would not be so angry. But they have not. Instead of making plans to protect the workers who were on the losing side of free trade, our government shrugged. Real wages have barely budged for the vast majority of American workers in decades. Meanwhile, the richest people—the investor class—have seen their wealth explode. This is very simple, really. We've allowed all of the gains of globalization to go to a tiny few. The rest of the people—the majority, who have seen almost no gains, and a significant minority who have seen their way of life destroyed—are mad. And rightfully so. This is the source of all the “populist anger” we have heard so much about. It is no longer theoretical. It is here, and it is potent.
Advertisement
And what do we have to show for this populist anger, so far? And what do we have to show for this populist anger, so far? Brexit and Donald Trump . Two bad ideas. The underclass in America, in Europe, and around the world have suffered as a direct result of a very specific set of capitalist policies that have served to concentrate great wealth in the hands of a small minority of people and leave nothing for the rest. These policies were supported by business and put in place and protected by politicians, who are themselves supported by business. There is a specific remedy to these policies, as well: Socialism. By that I mean simply the sharing of the gains of globalization. The workers who have lost out need a viable safety net. Society as a whole needs health care and child care and transportation and Social Security and affordable housing. Poor people sometimes need assistance in the form of cash or food. These are the common sense policies of democratic socialism that we could have been paying for with the gains that have instead gone to build great fortunes for billionaire industrialists.
Populist anger seems to be amorphous. It is rage at the nature of the world, and it often seeks the nearest plausible outlet. So far, the most alluring outlets have been hatred of foreigners and hatred of vague, powerful institutions that many voters don't really understand. Populist anger thus far has been successfully co-opted by the right wing.
Sponsored
That is sad. And it does not have to be the case. The left has responses to our age of inequality that are not rooted in xenophobia, and racism, and fear of the unknown. There are real ways to make our society more equal and to help people at the same time. We can tax the very rich; we can fund progressive social programs that help single mothers and needy families and poor people and the homeless; we can expand health care; we can create jobs programs rebuilding our national infrastructure to put those who have lost their jobs back to work; we can change the way our political system is We can take from the rich and give to the poor to bring inequality under control. And we can do it without banning immigrants or destroying international alliances in misguided fits of rage. Angry people, turn your anger towards those who are responsible for your plight! The immigrant fleeing persecution and poverty is your brother. The rich man pointing fingers at the immigrant is not. That is sad. And it does not have to be the case. The left has responses to our age of inequality that are not rooted in xenophobia, and racism, and fear of the unknown. There are real ways to make our society more equal and to help people at the same time. We can tax the very rich; we can fund progressive social programs that help single mothers and needy families and poor people and the homeless; we can expand health care; we can create jobs programs rebuilding our national infrastructure to put those who have lost their jobs back to work; we can change the way our political system is financed to make it less responsive to moneyed interests; we can change the way elections are held and the way districts are drawn to make sure that our leaders reflect the makeup of the population.We can take from the rich and give to the poor to bring inequality under control.And we can do it without banning immigrants or destroying international alliances in misguided fits of rage. Angry people, turn your anger towards those who are responsible for your plight! The immigrant fleeing persecution and poverty is your brother. The rich man pointing fingers at the immigrant is not.
The left needs to make its case to the angry people. I admit this is easier said than done. But it needs to be done nevertheless. This is bigger than Bernie Sanders or any other political candidate. This is a historic opportunity to gather broad public support for the kind of socialist ideas that can help prevent us from getting back to this point ever again.
Many people in power are now truly scared. That, by itself, is a good thing. If we allow the situation to progress to the point where populist anger just tears down institutions and lashes out at The Other for pure catharsis, that is a bad thing. That is how wars and persecution and all forms of social evils begin. We all seem to agree that a small class of political and financial elites have brought this anger upon themselves. Now, we can either fix it, or just burn everything down. If we burn everything down, the elites will just escape in their yachts while we're left with the ashes. So let's fix it.
Vladimir Putin spoke with the US president-elect, Donald Trump, for the first time on Monday, with the Russian president keen to emphasise the potential for bilateral cooperation.
While many world leaders watched the US election result with confusion and horror, Russia hopes a Trump presidency will mean less lecturing from the west and a freer hand to act as it pleases in Ukraine and Syria.
According to a Kremlin summary of the phone call, Putin said he was ready for “a dialogue of partnership with the new administration based on the principles of equality, mutual respect and non-interference in the internal affairs of each other”.
'Macho v macho': what to expect from Putin-Trump negotiations Read more
A statement from Trump's transition team said Putin offered congratulations on winning “a historic election”.
“During the call, the two leaders discussed a range of issues including the threats and challenges facing the United States and Russia, strategic economic issues and the historical US-Russia relationship that dates back over 200 years,” the statement said.
“President-elect Trump noted to President Putin that he is very much looking forward to having a strong and enduring relationship with Russia and the people of Russia.”
As with most aspects of a Trump White House, there is very little concrete understanding about what his foreign policy may look like. Many in Moscow fear that, with his unpredictable temperament, Trump could prove a false friend. But his statement in his victory speech that “we will get along with all other nations willing to get along with us” went down well in the Kremlin.
Putin's spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, said the two leaders shared a “phenomenally similar” outlook on foreign policy.
However, one of the leading candidates for the position of secretary of state in a Trump administration, John Bolton, former ambassador to the UN, has spent the past few years arguing for a much tougher US position towards Russian expansionism in Ukraine and Syria.
The Kremlin has on numerous occasions accused the Obama administration of attempting to foment dissent in Russia, and of interfering in the countries that border it, notably Ukraine. Meanwhile US officials directly accused Russia of attempting to interfere in the election in favour of Trump, by hacking Democratic party servers. Putin has denied any interference.
In contrast to many European leaders, who are hoping that some of the more outrageous promises made by Trump during the campaign will be discarded during his presidency, Putin “wished him success in implementing his campaign promises”.
Putin will also have taken heart from Trump's suggestion that he could move US focus in Syria away from removing President Bashar Assad, and back Russia's bombing raids, which have often appeared to target moderate opposition to the Syrian regime more than Isis.
“V Putin and D Trump shared the opinion that it is necessary to join forces against the common enemy number one: international terrorism and extremism. In this spirit, the question of regulating the conflict in Syria was also discussed,” said the Kremlin statement.
The two men agreed to keep in touch by telephone and begin planning for an in-person meeting. It was not specified whether such a meeting would take place before or after Trump's inauguration in January.
Enhanced properties have been demonstrated when nanocrystalline precipitates form within a glassy matrix10,11,12,13,14,15. These crystalline domains can harden bulk glasses10, introduce optical nonlinearity11 or lead to anomalous transparency12. Anecdotal evidence also suggests that ion transport may be enhanced at crystal–glass interfaces. For instance, when LiAlSiO 4 was partially crystallized, fast relaxation of ions was observed13, whereas precipitating TiO 2 nanocrystals within mesoporous P 2 O 5 glass led to high-power lithium (Li) ion battery electrodes14. Structural modifications at crystal–glass interfaces have been proposed to explain such observations, but no direct evidence has been reported owing to the limited structural and compositional control offered by those preparation methods. Conventional methods of preparing glass ceramics rely on thermally induced phase separation and in situ crystallization processes, which are very complex to control experimentally16. The time–temperature parameter space for selective nanocrystallization is typically narrow and strongly influenced by the glass composition, structure and thermal history16. Therefore, determining the heat-treatment conditions required for selective crystallization of a desired composition phase with high control over the interface area becomes not only a challenging and tedious task, but also a nearly impossible task for complex multicomponent stoichiometries (for example, doped nanocrystals). Here we show how to control these characteristics by using well-defined colloidal nanocrystals that are post-synthetically embedded in and chemically linked to glass.
In our colloidal approach, chemical bonds are made by combining ligand-stripped Sn-doped In 2 O 3 (ITO) nanocrystals17,18 and polyniobate clusters (POMs) in solution9. This process results in POM-stabilized nanocrystal dispersions (Fig. 1a, Supplementary Fig. 2), from which films are deposited and then thermally annealed in air, at T = 400 °C (Fig. 1b). X-ray diffraction (XRD) analysis of as-deposited and annealed films shows that the crystalline molecular POMs condense to an amorphous NbO x matrix (Supplementary Fig. 3). In addition, XRD patterns (Fig. 1c, d) and scanning transmission electron microscopy cross-sectional images (Fig. 1e, f) confirm the amorphous nature of the NbO x matrix and that the embedded ITO nanocrystals remain highly crystalline. This synthetic approach is very flexible, permitting the selection of unusual combinations of components to tailor functionality. For instance, ITO nanocrystals and amorphous NbO x were specifically selected for their spectrally distinct electrochromic response. The volume fraction was finely tuned over a broad range, from 0% to 69%, by simply adding additional POM to the aqueous POM-(Fig. 1a). This tunability is key to revealing the reconstruction of the NbO x glass structure induced by its covalent linkage to ITO nanocrystals.
Figure 1: Nanocrystal-in-glass film preparation and structural characterization. a, POM-stabilized ITO aqueous dispersion, that is, POM;[N(CH 3 ) 4 ] 6 Nb 10 O 28 . b, ITO-in-NbO x film on a glass substrate. On annealing, the anionic [Nb 10 O 28 ]6− clusters condense (Supplementary Fig. 3) and the [N(CH 3 ) 4 ]+ counterions thermally decompose9. c, Two-dimensional XRD image of a ITO-in-NbO x film. d, XRD pattern obtained after integrating along the out-of-plane scattering direction Q z . The indexed diffraction lines result from randomly oriented ITO nanocrystals (cubic In 2 O 3 bixbyite structure) whereas the broad peak at Q = 1.85 Å−1 is assigned to amorphous NbO x . e, f, Low- and high-resolution cross-sectional scanning transmission electron microscopy Z-contrast images (see Methods). Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
To evaluate the structure of the glass, the Raman spectrum of a pure amorphous NbO x film was compared to those of ITO-in-NbO x with different nanocrystal–glass interfacial areas (Fig. 2). Vibrational bands of the distorted [NbO 6 ] octahedra that dominate the structure of NbO x are readily observed in the range 500 cm−1 to 1,000 cm−1 and changes in their peak positions and relative intensities track with the interfacial area. This information was used to identify the structural changes in the glass as a result of linking to the nanocrystals.
Figure 2: Raman analysis probing the reconstruction of a NbO x glass matrix when linked to nanocrystals. a, Raman spectra of pure NbO x (black) and ITO-in-NbO x nanocomposite (red) with 64 vols.% ITO. b–e, Fitted Raman spectra (experimental data in red, sum of fits in black). From bottom to top are pure NbO x followed by nanocomposites with increasing ITO volume fraction (0.48, 0.52 and 0.64). Deconvolved peaks (grey) arise non-specifically from ITO, NbO x and from the underlying glass substrate. Blue and green peaks specifically arise from NbO x (bridging oxygens and terminal oxygens, respectively). Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
The topological structure of NbO x glass is characterized by how the [NbO 6 ] octahedral units are connected, namely through vertices and along edges, as well as by the degree of connectivity in the disordered network. Given the higher electrostatic repulsions in edge-sharing topologies compared to vertex-sharing19, distinctive vibrational modes for the bridging oxygens can be observed20. By deconvolving these bridging oxygen bands (550 cm−1 to 750 cm−1), we find that highly distorted edge-sharing [NbO 6 ] are prevalent in the nanocrystal-in-glass films, whereas pure NbO x contains more regular, vertex-sharing arrangements (Fig. 2, Table 1, Supplementary Fig. 4). In addition, the relative intensity of Raman peaks at higher frequencies (750 cm−1 to 950 cm−1) increases at higher nanocrystal loading, suggesting reduced connectivity of the glassy network. In particular, the highest-frequency peak, 900 cm−1 to 925 cm−1, is assigned to terminal Nb–O bonds. The ratio between these terminal bonds and bridging ones is greater in the nanocomposites (Fig. 2, Table 1, Supplementary Fig. 4), which we attribute to internal interruption of the polymerized network. Generally, the degree of connectivity in oxide glasses can be reduced by addition of network modifiers or glass intermediates21. In our case, we suggest that indium (In) and tin (Sn) from the ITO nanocrystals diffuse locally into the NbO x glass during thermal processing. There they disrupt the glassy network, inducing chain breaking and thus reducing the network connectivity. Indeed, XRD patterns of films processed at increasing temperatures (400 °C–550 °C) showed broader ITO peaks (Supplementary Fig. 5b), pointing to progressive interfacial dissolution of ITO in the NbO x matrix. The presence of a ternary InNbO 4 phase following high-temperature annealing (>550 °C) (Supplementary Fig. 5c, d) further supports the idea that In and probably Sn diffuse into the NbO x matrix adjacent to the nanocrystals. Hence, the structure of the NbO x glass is profoundly altered by covalent linking to ITO nanocrystals, becoming highly distorted, less interconnected and interfacially doped (Fig. 3).
Table 1: Peak-fitting analysis of Raman spectra Full size table
Figure 3: ITO nanocrystals covalently linked to amorphous NbO x . The [NbO 6 ] octahedral units are shown in green and the ITO nanocrystals are blue. In the inset, the niobium atoms are located at the centre of the green octahedra, oxygen atoms are red and indium atoms are blue. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
The consequence of linking ITO nanocrystals within a NbO x glass matrix is that a unique electrochromic optical switching functionality can be realized (Fig. 4). As explained below, this new optical behaviour not only reflects the individual properties of the two components, but also is quantifiably superior as a result of the reconstruction of the amorphous material.
Figure 4: Tunable dual-band solar control and optical contrast enhancement in nanocrystal-in-glass films. a–g, Transmittance spectra under applied electrochemical voltage (4 V in red, 2.3 V in blue and 1.5 V in cyan, versus Li/Li+), of ITO-in-NbO x with different ITO nanocrystal content. Pure NbO x (a) and pure ITO nanocrystal films (f) are shown as reference. The specific interfacial area was tuned from 0 nm−1 to 0.92 nm−1 by varying the ITO nanocrystal percentage by volume between 0% and 69% at a constant size of 4.8 nm ± 0.8 nm, chosen to maximize the electrochromic response24. The atomic percentage of Sn in ITO was 12.2 ± 0.1% and film thickness was 150 ± 35 nm. g, Transmittance spectra of a typical ITO-in-NbO x film, with intermediate voltages shown in grey. h, Change in absorbance (ΔA) at λ = 500 nm between 1.5 V and 4 V, versus volume fraction of ITO nanocrystals (f ITO ). ΔA is normalized by NbO x volume fraction. The ΔA of a control sample with undoped In 2 O 3 nanocrystals is also plotted (star symbol). Photographs of charged films with f ITO = 0 and f ITO = 0.34 are inset. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
Amorphous metal oxides are leading candidates for dynamically controlling solar radiation transmitted through ‘smart' windows by means of their electrochromic properties. Electrochromism is a reversible change of optical transmittance in response to electrochemical charging and discharging. After more than 40 years of research in electrochromics22, spectral selectivity, that is, independent modulation of visible and near-infrared (NIR) radiation, is still considered a ‘holy grail' for reducing the energy needed to light and thermally regulate building interiors. For instance, others have proposed combining thermochromic and electrochromic materials to modulate NIR and visible light, respectively23, although fully integrated devices based on this concept have yet to be reported. We took a step towards this goal through our recent demonstration that charged ITO nanocrystals selectively block NIR light through a plasmonic electrochromic effect24 (Fig. 4f). In contrast, amorphous transition metal oxides such as NbO x modulate mostly visible light under electrochemical bias (Fig. 4a). Now, by linking these two materials and controlling the applied voltage, we find that the transmittance can be modulated in both spectral bands (Fig. 4a–g, Supplementary Fig. 1). The nanocrystal-in-glass coating switches progressively between three optical states: fully transparent (at 4 V versus Li), selectively NIR blocking (around 2.3 V) and broadband blocking of visible and NIR (1.5 V). Thus, solar radiation can now be dynamically modulated with spectral selectivity (Supplementary Fig. 1). The modulation of NIR light derives from the free electrons in the ITO, whose concentration reaches approximately 1.9 × 1021 cm−3 at 2.3 V (Supplementary Information and Supplementary Fig. 9). Ultimately, the modular construction of our materials will facilitate even greater modulation of NIR transmittance as new plasmonic nanocrystals are developed with a higher free-electron concentration and a broader dynamic optical range25.
Remarkably, the modest visible-light modulation of amorphous NbO x (Fig. 4a) was greatly exceeded by that of the nanocrystal-in-glass composites (Fig. 4b–d), indicating that the reconstructed NbO x glass is far more electrochemically active. The optical contrast in the visible range monotonically increased with nanocrystal content up to ∼43% ITO, reaching a value that is five times greater than that of pure NbO x (Fig. 4h). At higher nanocrystal loading, the contrast decreased again, indicating that the enhancement is maximized when the average nanocrystal spacing is around 0.7 nm (Supplementary Information). At this high interface density (0.54 nm−1), the structure of the NbO x is rearranged throughout, effectively resulting in a new polymorph that exhibits functional characteristics distinct from those of the bulk glass, in fact resembling more the stronger electrochromism seen in the high-temperature pseudohexagonal crystalline phase of Nb 2 O 5 (known as the TT-phase) (ref. 26).
The reconstructed, nanocrystal-linked amorphous NbO x network is also highly stable to insertion and extraction of Li ions. The electrochemical cycling stability exceeds that of either individual component; only 4% charge capacity was lost after 2,000 cycles (between 4 V and 1.5 V), whereas pure NbO x and especially ITO nanocrystal films degraded substantially (20% and 85% capacity losses, respectively) (Supplementary Fig. 7a). In agreement with the electrochemical stability of ITO-in-NbO x composites, the dual-band optical modulation characteristics were maintained after cycling (Supplementary Fig. 7b). We suggest that the enhancements in both optical contrast and stability are related to the more open network structure of the reconstructed glass, which facilitates ion insertion and extraction and helps to relax the stress induced by these processes. Consistent with this hypothesis, the charge capacity increases proportionally with the optical contrast (Supplementary Fig. 8).
Linking undoped In 2 O 3 nanocrystals to NbO x , instead of Sn-doped In 2 O 3 nanocrystals, similarly enhanced the optical contrast arising from the matrix (Fig. 4h, Supplementary Fig. 10), which eliminates the possibility that potential electrochemically active Sn species could play a part in such enhancement. Instead, this result further confirms that the optical contrast enhancement is related to a structural reconstruction of the NbO x matrix as a consequence of the covalent linkage to the embedded nanocrystals. Very probably, similar rearrangements of the glass structure could be involved in the enhanced ionic transport properties previously reported13,14,27 in diverse nanocrystal-in-glass materials made by a variety of methods. Therefore, reconstructing glass via nanocrystal linking could represent a general strategy for the manipulation of ion transport.
In essence, this nanocrystal-in-glass approach represents the next step in the evolution of the concept of linking building units together to construct new functional materials. Analogously, organic molecules are held together by weak, dynamic bonds to form supramolecular assemblies28, metal ions are covalently bonded to organic struts to form metal–organic frameworks29 and nanocrystals are linked directly to each other in mesoporous architectures30. We have shown that when nanocrystals are covalently bonded to glass, the linking plays a far more active part than in these earlier constructs: the glass structure can be profoundly changed, generating new amorphous structural motifs with distinct functionality.
by
Punctuated by his move past Michele Bachmann into third place in the race for the Republican nomination for president, Ron Paul has arrived in the “top tier.” While this is a significant positive for his supporters, it does not mean that opposition to Paul from within the party will diminish. On the contrary, now that it is undeniable that he really could win the nomination, Paul's supporters should expect attacks from the opposition to intensify. They have.
Beginning with a piece in the American Spectator by Jeffrey Lord, conservative opponents of Paul have fired the first shots in what from here on out will probably be an all-out bombardment of Paul and his platform. I say “Paul and his platform” because along with substantive criticism of his positions, one should expect a generous amount of ad hominem directed at Paul himself. Judging from the Lord piece and Mark Levin's replies in weighing in on the matter, one can expect even more mudslinging than usual.
That is not to single out Lord or Levin as particularly unique in this regard. Mudslinging or “muckraking” has been a part of American politics since the earliest days of the republic. Contrary to what many Americans seem to believe, there never was a “golden age” of American journalism where reporters objectively reported the facts and avoided all political bias. In fact, early American newspapers were not only unapologetically biased; they were unconcerned about even the veracity of the mud they slung. During the election of 1800, John Adams was reported to have “ordered Charles Cotesworth Pinckney to London to procure four pretty mistresses to divide between them.” [1] Adams laughed off this completely false accusation, saying that Pinckney must have kept them all to himself.
Indeed, Ron Paul is unique among politicians for his refusal to attack his opponents personally, even when he vehemently disagrees with their positions. After Rick Perry suggested that Ben Bernanke's monetary policies might be treasonous, Ron Paul declined to join in even when invited to. Asked by Wolf Blitzer to respond to Perry's comments, Paul refused to take the bait, saying “I try never to make it the individual as much as the philosophy.”
In the same spirit, I would like to take a look at Lord's and Levin's criticisms of Paul and respond to the substantive parts of them. Generally, both accuse Paul of not being a true conservative due to his foreign policy of non-interventionism. Lord claims that this policy is rooted in “neo-liberal” philosophy and that in Paul's case, like many of the supposed neo-liberals that Lord cites, the policy is also motivated by racism (anti-Semitism being racism directed at Jewish people). Finally, Lord accuses Paul of being disingenuous in portraying the founding fathers as non-interventionist, citing Washington's invasion of Canada during the Revolutionary War, John Adams' prosecuting of the Quasi War, James Madison's prosecution of the War of 1812, and James Monroe's Monroe doctrine.
Taking these points in order, the first concerns “non-interventionism.” What is it and what is its motivation?
First, we have to recognize the actual definition of the word “intervene.” It certainly does not mean using force to defend oneself. If an individual is attacked by a mugger and uses force to defend himself, he is not “intervening.” Intervention is by definition the interposing of one party into the affairs of two or more others. Thus, if England and France go to war, and Russia enters the war on France's side, then Russia is intervening. Likewise, if a revolution occurs in Albania, and Spain enters the war on the side of the rebels, Spain is intervening. However, if the United States were attacked by Russia and used military force to defend herself against the attack, the United States would not be intervening.
Ron Paul consistently states that the United States should have a strong national defense but should also be non-interventionist. Is this philosophy rooted in racism? In my own interview with him in July 2011, Paul confirmed that the underlying philosophy that informs all of his positions is the libertarian non-aggression axiom (this question and answer begins around the 11:50 mark). This axiom holds that no human being has the right to initiate force against another, including against their person, liberty, or justly acquired property. This is what makes Paul's positions against the welfare state, the Patriot Act, and preemptive war consistent. All of these policies represent the initiation of force.
Mssrs. Lord and Levin do not distinguish the concept of non-aggression from pacifism. This is an error. Libertarians like Paul are fierce defenders of the right to bear arms precisely because they are not pacifists. They recognize the right, even the duty, to defend oneself with force against aggression. This applies both to the relationship between individuals within society and the relationship between nations. Paul does not champion pacifism if another nation attacks the United States. However, he opposes the United States initiating force against another nation, even if that nation's policies are oppressive or otherwise objectionable.
Lest opponents of this libertarian philosophy tag it as “leftism” the reader should understand that it was the central principle that inspired Thomas Jefferson's philosophy. In his own words,
“Our legislators are not sufficiently apprised of the rightful limits of their powers; that their true office is to declare and enforce only our natural rights and duties, and to take none of them from us. No man has a natural right to commit aggression on the equal rights of another; and this is all from which the laws ought to restrain him.”[2]
This was by no means the only time that Jefferson invoked the non-aggression principle. He invoked it in defending religious freedom, saying ““The legitimate powers of government extend to such acts only as are injurious to others. But it does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no God. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg.”[3]
In fact, on nearly every occasion where he had the opportunity to define the role of government, he invoked this principle. His first inaugural address was centered around it.
“What more is necessary to make us a happy and a prosperous people? Still one thing more, fellow-citizens — a wise and frugal Government, which shall restrain men from injuring one another, shall leave them otherwise free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement, and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned. This is the sum of good government, and this is necessary to close the circle of our felicities.”[4] [emphasis added]
That this founding principle is completely consistent with non-interventionism is reflected by Jefferson's support for it in that same speech.
“Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political; peace, commerce, and honest friendship with all nations, entangling alliances with none;”[5]
Lord points to Jefferson's war with the Barbary pirates as an example of interventionism, but this is absurd. Jefferson was not intervening in a dispute between two other nations or an internal dispute within one. He was defending the United States against acts of war that had been committed against them. On May 10, 1801, the pasha of Tripoli formally declared war against the United States. Jefferson's military response was completely consistent with non-aggression and its sub-corollary, non-interventionism. Again, neither non-aggression nor non-interventionism are synonymous with pacifism.
As Tom Woods and Kevin Gutzman have pointed out, all of the early American wars cited by Lord as examples of the founders being ‘interventionists” were in fact similarly defensive. Lord's citing of the Quasi War with France as “interventionist” is particularly confused. The whole reason that it was called a “quasi” war was Adams staunch refusal to ask for a declaration of full-out war, even against the wishes of many in his own party. As I have written before, Adams actually considered avoiding war with France the crowning achievement of his presidency.
As I argued regarding Obama's war in Libya, taxing American citizens to defend people in other countries similarly violates the non-aggression principle. If conservatives actually believe that the U.S. government can tax Americans to provide freedom or security to people in other countries, then what is their objection to the liberal policy of taxing American citizens to provide healthcare or housing to other Americans? In either case, one person is taxed to provide benefits exclusively to another. Is this conservative? It certainly isn't libertarian.
On the racism/anti-Semitism charge, there is nothing in any of Ron Paul's public statements, voting record, or writing that can remotely support a charge of racism or anti-Semitism. In his own words,
“Racism is simply an ugly form of collectivism, the mindset that views humans only as members of groups and never as individuals. Racists believe that all individual who share superficial physical characteristics are alike; as collectivists, racists think only in terms of groups. By encouraging Americans to adopt a group mentality, the advocates of so-called “diversity” actually perpetuate racism. Their intense focus on race is inherently racist, because it views individuals only as members of racial groups.”
Lord and Levin accuse Paul of not being a true conservative and of espousing major tenets of the liberal philosophy. However, it is they who adopt the tactic that conservatives consistently accuse liberals of using: making an unfounded charge of racism in the hope that the mere association of the word with the position will evoke an emotional response in the minds of voters and persuade them to oppose the position, regardless of its merits. I agree with conservatives that this is a dishonest and reprehensible tactic.
They also accuse Paul and some of his supporters of not being conservative for criticizing Reagan. Reagan, who said in this interview that “the very heart and soul of conservatism is libertarianism,” invoked Jefferson's first inaugural in stating that it was government's role to keep us from harming each other, but should not try to keep us from harming ourselves. However, as the interview goes on, Reagan is able to put virtually the whole progressive regulatory state into the former category, with very little recognized as part of the latter. This lends insight into his presidency, where the size and the power of the federal government doubled, despite his libertarian rhetoric both before and after his election.
If the heart and soul of conservatism is truly libertarianism as Reagan argued, then true libertarians and conservatives would have to criticize Reagan's presidency. He did not, as he promised he would, abolish the Department of Education, but expanded it. He did not, as he promised, reduce the size and influence of the federal establishment back within the limits imposed upon it by the Constitution. He did not lower taxes. He raised them. He did not cut government spending – it doubled on his watch, outpacing the spending increases of Carter and Clinton by large orders of magnitude. Both libertarians and conservatives should criticize these aspects of his presidency. Doing so doesn't make them less libertarian or conservative. It merely confirms that they have a grip on reality.
Finally, the personal nature of Levin's attacks on Mike Church and Jack Hunter belie their lack of substance. Levin calls Church a moron, accuses him of being intoxicated on the air, and even belittles Church's supposedly insignificant radio audience. Most people are familiar with the ad hominem attack. While passion for one's viewpoints is understandable, “attacking the man” rather than the man's arguments amount to a capitulation that one has lost the debate. Don't expect this to diminish as Ron Paul's popularity continues to increase. Supporters of the establishment have good reason to fear a Paul presidency, and one can expect the attacks on him and his supporters to get uglier and uglier. And yes, expect supposed conservatives to act just like liberals in calling anyone who disagrees with them a racist. Welcome to the top tier, Congressman Paul.
Tom Mullen is the author of A Return to Common Sense: Reawakening Liberty in the Inhabitants of America.
© Thomas Mullen 2011
Adams pg. 544 [1] McCullough, David JohnAdams pg. 544
State historical marker for Indianola
Indianola by Helmuth Holtz, Sept. 1860
Indianola is a ghost town located on Matagorda Bay in Calhoun County, Texas, United States. The community, once the county seat of Calhoun County, is a part of the Victoria, Texas, Metropolitan Statistical Area. In 1875, the city had a population of 5,000, but on September 15 of that year, a powerful hurricane struck, killing between 150 and 300 and almost entirely destroying the town. Indianola was rebuilt, only to be wiped out on August 19, 1886, by another intense hurricane, which was followed by a fire. Indianola was designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1963, marker number 2642.[1]
History [ edit ]
German immigration port of entry [ edit ]
Prince Carl of Solms-Braunfels, representing the Adelsverein, selected Indian Point in December, 1844 as port of entry for the Verein colonists from Germany. Prince Solms renamed the port Carlshafen in honor of himself, Count Carl of Castell-Castell[2] and Count Victor August of Leiningen-Westerburg-Alt-Leiningen[3] whom Solms claimed had been christened Carl. Prince Solms' choice of Carlshafen and its inadequate accommodations as a port of entry, as well as the isolated route to New Braunfels, was to keep the Germans from interacting with any Americans.[4] In February 1845 Henry Francis Fisher conspired with Dr. F. Schubbert to coerce incoming immigrants to sign legal documents disassociating themselves from the Verein and to join Schubbert's colony in Milam County.[5]
In May 1846, Meusebach received a letter from Count Castell informing him 4,304 colonists were on their way to Texas. With no funds and no new settlements, the mass of emigrants were stalled at Carlshafen. Meusebach's requests to the Verein for more money, and his warnings at pending bankruptcy for the Verein, brought no results. As a last resort, Meusebach instructed D.H. Klaener to publish the plight in the German news media. Embarrassed by the publicity, the Verein established an inadequate $60,000 letter of credit.[6] Meusebach had arranged with the Torrey Brothers for transporting the emigrants inland, but the United States hired the Torrey Brothers for use in the Mexican–American War.[7] An epidemic of spinal meningitis broke out at Carlshafen and spread with the emigrants to New Braunfels and Fredericksburg.[8]
Samuel Addition White and William M. Cook founded Indian Point, later Indianola, in August, 1846.[9]
Some of these immigrants purchased land from Samuel White and established a settlement at Indian Point. The name of the settlement changed to Indianola in 1849 by combining the word Indian with ola, the Spanish word for "wave". The German immigrants continued to refer to the community as Carlshaven (Carl's Harbor) in honor of Prince Carl of Solms-Braunfels.[10]
Post German immigration years [ edit ]
Indianola, Texas in 1875
From its founding in 1846, Indianola served as a major port, and before the 1875 storm was second only to Galveston as Texas's primary port.[11] The town incorporated in 1853. In 1856, the port received cargoes of camels, part of the US Army Camel Corps experiment to replace horses and mules as the primary pack animal in the southwestern parts of the country.
During the American Civil War, Indianola was twice occupied by Union troops, in October 1862 and November 1863. During the second occupation, part of a Union infantry regiment moving from Indianola to Matagorda Island drowned in Matagorda Bay.
In 1869, the world's first mechanically-refrigerated shipment of beef left Indianola for New Orleans.
During World War II, the U.S. Army constructed an anti-aircraft firing range along the Indianola shoreline to train gunners and the facility was used primarily by military personnel from Camp Hulen, located outside of Palacios.
Impact of storms [ edit ]
Having survived severe storms before, Indianola was almost totally destroyed on 16 September 1875. The New York Times reported in detail on the extensive loss of life and property. Even the lighthouses were swept away[12] and the keepers, including Thomas H. Mayne and Edward Flick Jr. of the East Shoal Lighthouse, killed.[13]
The town was rebuilt but events were repeated in 1886. The destruction served as an abject lesson for many residents of Galveston, 100 miles up the Texas coast. However, their calls for a seawall to protect that city went unheeded, and Galveston nearly shared Indianola's fate when the Galveston Hurricane of 1900 struck the island.
A railroad was intended to connect the port of Indianola to San Antonio. After the two storms, discouraged investors abandoned the venture and made Galveston the port of choice. After Galveston's hurricane, shipping traffic recentered over time to inland Houston.
After the 1886 storm, the county seat was moved to Port Lavaca. On October 4, 1887, the post office in Indianola was permanently closed and the town declared "dead".[10] Today, almost nothing remains of the original Indianola, as, due to storm erosion, most of the site of the city is now underwater. A granite marker was placed on the shore at the nearest point to the Indianola courthouse, now 300 feet (about 90 meters) away in Matagorda Bay. It reads, "Calhoun County Courthouse. Edward Beaumont, Architect 1859. During the Storms of 1875 and 1886, precious lives were saved within its walls of shell, concrete, and lime. Abandoned 1886." The site is also home to a statue of René-Robert Cavelier, Sieur de La Salle.
Indianola is now the site of a small unincorporated fishing village.
Popular culture [ edit ]
In literature [ edit ]
In Elizabeth Hand's novel Aestival Tide, a reconstructed Indianola is featured as the lowermost level of the central ziggurat in the dome city of Araboth.[14]
In the novel Matagorda by author Louis L'Amour, much of the action took place in Indianola, Texas on the day it was destroyed by the 1875 hurricane. The courthouse, the site of which is now underwater out in the bay, was featured as the last refuge of the townspeople.[15]
In Part I of Isaac's Storm, in the chapter "Galveston: An Absurd Delusion" (pages 79–84), Erik Larson describes the two storms that ravaged Indianola and the significance of these storms for Galveston, Texas, leading up to the Galveston storm of 1900.[16] He notes: "At first, Galveston's leading men seemed to grasp the significance of the Indianola storms. Anyone who looked at a map could see that Galveston was even more vulnerable to destruction than Indianola. It had no picket of barrier islands to shelter it, no buffer of mainland prairie. The city faced the Gulf head-on." He further observes: "Six weeks after the second Indianola storm, a group of thirty prominent Galveston residents calling themselves the Progressive Association met and resolved to build a seawall", and "The city's Evening Tribune endorsed the plan". However, although "The state eventually did authorize a bond to pay for the work," the city's engineer E.M. Hartwick observed, "this was some months after the flood, and by then the attitude was, Oh, we'll never get another one--and they didn't build."
Larson criticizes meteorologist Isaac Cline (among others) for this failure. For example, Larson cites statements Cline published in the July 1891 Galveston News article, "West India Hurricanes":[17]
If Galveston had any lingering anxiety about its failure to erect a seawall Isaac's 1891 article would have eased them. It was here that he belittled hurricane fears as the artifacts of 'an absurd delusion.' He was especially confident about storm surges. Galveston would escape harm, he argued, because the incoming water would spread first over the vast lowlands behind Galveston, on the Texas mainland north of the bay where the land was even closer to sea level.
'It would be impossible,' he wrote, 'for any cyclone to create a storm wave which could materially injure the city.'
Further, in Part III of Isaac's Storm, in a chapter titled "Ritter's Cafe: You Can't Frighten Me", Larson publishes the recollections of Mollie Cohen, whose impressions of the Galveston Storm of 1900 reminded her of the second Indianola hurricane:
'We had a storm like this in '86,' Mollie said, referring to the winds and rain that had reached Galveston from the last of the big Indianola hurricanes. 'My father's store on Market Street was flooded,' she said, casually.[18]
In music [ edit ]
Singer/songwriter, Charlie Robison, included a song titled "Indianola" on the 1998 album Life of the Party that is a specific reference to Indianola, Texas. The song begins from the perspective of a German immigrant approaching Indianola by sea and chronicling details of the narrator's family. The narrator and his cousin attempt to traverse the South to join the Union Army in the American Civil War, though they encounter Rebel resistance in Indianola, TX. The next scene of the folk song briefly addresses the stock market crash of 1929 in an indirect fashion, noting that little change occurred in their respective lives other than rust's accumulating on wagon wheels. While this verse is brief in regards to words and time, it denotes a subtle and increasing disaffection in the American/Texan experience, adversely affected by seemingly non-relevant incidences. The storyline then progresses to World War II, introducing an internal struggle between the call of duty of the United States of America and its armed conflict with Germany, the ancestral point of origin of many Americans. The overall sentiment of the song begins as a story of new promises followed by a series of fictional, though personally carved facts, that illustrate a common experience for the individualist. Texas exemplifies a spirit that is not only uniquely a Texan story, but an American one, thrusting the individual against the external influence that would assume its right to assert its own values. This, however, should not be confused with contemporary movements deviating from the spirit of this song.
Singer/songwriter Brian Burns included the song "Indianola" on his 2004 album "Heavy Weather". The lyrics of the song chronicle the full life cycle of Indianola with verses from the points of view of a personified Matagorda bay, an immigrant who helped build the city (Johann), a worker who came to help "bury the lost souls who perished that day" (Isaac), and finally the songwriter himself visiting the site (Brian). It is unclear whether the "Johann" mentioned in verse three refers to the Johann Dethardt, the first ship to bring settlers into the area, or Johann Swartz, the owner/builder of the first home erected in what would become Indianola.[19]
Education [ edit ]
What is now Indianola is served by the Calhoun County Independent School District.
See also [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
King, Irene Marschall (1967). John O.Meusebach . University of Texas Press. ISBN 978-0-292-73656-6.
Solms, Carl; Gish, Theodore G; Von-Maszweski, Wolfram M (2000). Voyage to North America, 1844-45: Prince Carl of Solms' Texas Diary of People, Places, and Events . University of North Texas Press. ISBN 978-1-57441-124-9.
Morgenthaler, Jefferson (2007). The German Settlement of the Texas Hill Country. Mockingbird Books. ISBN 978-1-932801-09-5.
Coordinates:
Dance duo FEMM, girl group FAKY and soloist Yup'in have combined to make a strange and amazing super-group of sorts- “FAMM'IN”, and have released their first single “Circle”. It has a brilliant blend of modern EDM and R'n'B with an overwhelming element of traditional Japanese music, and the final result speaks for itself. Watch after the jump!
The track “Circle” is available on the EP “FAMM'IN” that features the collaboration song and 3 other separate songs- one from each individual artist. It also has a fifth track- a ‘Radical Hardcore Mix' of Circle. The EP is currently available on Japanese iTunes and other digital outlets.
The tracklist is as follows:
01. circle / FAMM'IN
02. Pretty / FAKY
03. Countdown / FEMM
04. Lemonade / Yup'in
05. circle (Radical Hardcore Remix) / FAMM'IN
FAMM'IN is out now.
(source)
You've probably heard the news that our nation's bees are in trouble. Pollinators have been disappearing for decades, and the population crash could threaten the global food supply. Now, a small city in Iowa has decided to do something about it.
This spring, Cedar Rapids (population: 130,000) will seed 188 acres with native prairie grasses and wildflowers. The city's plan is to eventually create 1,000 acres of bee paradise by planting these pollinator-friendly foodstuffs.
Scientists think the pollinator crisis is caused by a variety of factors, including pesticides, pathogens, and climate change. Meanwhile, with farms, parking lots, mowed lawns, and other human developments replacing wildflower fields, bees have been losing habitat and their food supply. While many of the drivers behind bee population decline remain mysterious, the people of Cedar Rapids hope to at least give pollinators places to perch and plants to feed on.
The 1,000 Acre Pollinator Initiative grew out of a partnership with the Monarch Research Project(MRP), whose goal is to restore monarch butterfly populations. It was Cedar Rapids Park Superintendent Daniel Gibbins who proposed converting 1,000 acres into pollinator habitat over five years. So far, the project has secured $180,000 in funding from the state and the MRP.
"With the agricultural boom around 100 years ago, about 99.9 percent of all the native habitat of Iowa has been lost," says Gibbins, who is spearheading the project. "When you convert it back to what was originally native Iowa, you're going to help a lot more than just native pollinators. You're helping birds, amphibians, reptiles, mammals—everything that's native here relies on native vegetation."
Prairie revival
Cedar Rapids has developed a special mix of grasses and wildflowers to help restore that native habitat. The seed mix includes 39 species of wildflowers, and 7 species of native prairie grasses. While bees and butterflies are mostly attracted to the flowers, the hardy prairie grasses will prevent weeds and invasive species from moving in and choking out the flowers.
Gibbins and his team have catalogued all the unused public land where they could potentially plant the flowers and grasses. The list includes not only the rarely frequented corners of parks, golf courses, and the local airport, but also sewage ditches, water retention basins, and roadway right-of-ways, totaling nearly 500 acres. Cedar Rapids is working with other cities within the county to reach its 1,000-acre target.
“Because you are the key” – PeopleKey Brandon Turbeville
Activist Post
In the global race to see which industrialized nation will lead the way in the implementation of the most oppressive police state the world has ever known, Australia has been making silent but steady gains for years. With those aware of the march toward totalitarianism usually preoccupied with the developments in the United States and the UK, Australia can often go overlooked. Yet, not to be outdone, the land down under has managed to enact carbon taxes, militarize police, end gun ownership, and rival even England in terms of forced political correctness. Although Australia might not be the leader of the pack, it refuses to be left out.
Every now and then, there are signs that Australia is attempting to take a brief lead over both of its fascist national comrades. For instance, in an article published in the Sunday Telegraph on December 4, 2011, Rosie Squires describes how many Australian employers are introducing a fingerprinting program in order to monitor employees and “save costs.”
The new fingerprint scanners will be taking the place of time clocks, trust, responsible hiring, and, apparently, competent supervisors. No longer will the employees of companies such as Qantas, Dan Murphy's, Breville, and Unomedical be able to clock in and out of work in the traditional manner. In order to prevent employees from “arriving late or slacking off,” the workers will now be forced to render some of their most private information to their employer via the new scanners.
The new technology, PeopleKey, will be used not only to clock employees on their way in and out, but also to monitor their progress over the course of the workday, as well as other potential incidents of “slacking off” like using the bathroom or daring to engage a fellow employee in conversation.
A spokesman for Dan Murphy's, a chain of liquor stores, stated, “Like many major retailers, Dan Murphy's has found electronic clocking in and out to be a reliable method of recording staff hours, as well as enabling store managers to know which team members are on site for health and safety purposes.”
He continues, saying, “Staff who are significantly late may have the time deducted from their pay or, at the manager's discretion, can choose to make up the time.”
RailCorp, another company who is implementing PeopleKey, has actually achieved an agreement with employees (more likely “representatives” of the employees) for the use of the new program in exchange for a pay raise.
In the case of RailCorp, another spokesman stated,
When it is in place, staff will verify their attendance by way of a swipe card and finger scan. The scans themselves are stored as mathematical algorithms rather than images. This initiative will streamline and simplify our time and attendance processes, eventually eliminating the need for staff to manually record their time at work on paper timesheets or in attendance books. Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets This will result in reduced administration requirements and more accurate payments to staff.
Frank Bruce, the CEO of PeopleKey, is quoted by Rosie Squires as saying that many of his clients have purchased the finger scanning system as a way to crack down on “buddy punching,” a situation where workers clock in for their fellow employees.
Bruce said, “In some instances employees are not honest and some businesses have problems monitoring attendance.” He also indicated that PeopleKey has “about 1500 installations in Australia” although he did not disclose any of the locations or clients.
Of course, the employees shouldn't worry. After all, private companies would never share, sell, or otherwise use private information that could be worth vast amounts of money. They never have in the past, right?
Not only that, but, if the employees have nothing to hide, why should they be concerned about the scanners? They shouldn't be slacking off or coming in late to begin with, right?
There's nothing wrong or illegal about private companies forcing their employees to give this information over to them on condition of employment — if they don't want to give it up, they can always work for someone else. They can let the free market handle the issue, right?
Unfortunately, this is the attitude that is held by a great many Australians, British, and Americans who are being constantly reminded through their media and their government that they, too, will soon be scanning their fingerprints in order to access basic services or necessities . . . like food.
The ability to rationalize oppression using the arguments about having nothing to hide, free markets, and corporate morality should never be underestimated.
Avoiding The Eye - Ships Free Today! I have written numerous articles dealing with the technocratic society being ushered in gradually with each passing day. See here and here. I have recently written about the introduction of vein scanners already popular in Japan and awaiting introduction to the United States, as well as the Google Wallet smartphone app being used by New Jersey Transit. Indeed, the technologically enhanced police state has been covered at length not just by my own work, but that of many others. What hasn't been covered, however, is the resistance to such a society. Unfortunately, although it is growing, the resistance to the technocratic control system is still terribly small when compared to the vast amount of people who are willing to accept it. Regardless, the resistance must begin to take shape quickly. Dissenting voices need to speak up and they need to do it now. These voices need to be heard, and in order for that to happen they are going to have to speak loudly and forcefully. If they don't, there might not be much hope left. Time is running out and the scientific dictatorship is gaining steam with every day that we remain silent. Brandon Turbeville is an author out of Mullins, South Carolina. He has a Bachelor's Degree from Francis Marion University where he earned the Pee Dee Electric Scholar's Award as an undergraduate. He has had numerous articles published dealing with a wide variety of subjects including health, economics, and civil liberties. He also the author of Codex Alimentarius – The End of Health Freedom, 7 Real Conspiracies and Five Sense Solutions. var linkwithin_site_id = 557381; linkwithin_text='Related Articles:'
Dozens of people living in a row of private homes in the Bushwick section of Brooklyn face relocation for at least six months, and possibly much longer, when the MTA renovates a section of its elevated M train line next year.
But residents who live in the two-family homes on Ditmars Street told Newsday last week that they had yet to hear from the Metropolitan Transportation Authority about the relocations, approved by the agency's board last month.
In addition, a coffee shop, a bicycle store and an apartment house with five units around the corner on Myrtle Avenue face the same fate, and workers in those stores said they had not heard about the relocations. Messages left for the owners of those stores were not returned.
“We still haven't heard from the MTA,” one homeowner on the triangular block said. “I've talked to my neighbors about it. Everybody's worried. Everybody's confused. We don't know what to do next. We've got to get together and talk about it, but everybody works. It's hard.”
He and another owner interviewed by Newsday asked that their names not be used because they were uncertain how to deal with the MTA. The other owner said she had allowed MTA workers into her backyard to examine the elevated structure, but they did not mention the relocations.
“No. They told me nothing. How can I do that [relocate]? How can I move out like that?” she said.
An MTA spokesman said Friday that notices of the agency's plans were mailed to affected parties Thursday and hand-delivered Friday.
“We know this is going to be a serious inconvenience. . . . We intend to to help them however we can because it is essential we do this work,” MTA spokesman Stephen Morello said.
Sign up to get the latest updates Get Newsday's Breaking News alerts in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
MTA documents show 26 dwelling units on the block with an undetermined number of occupants would be displaced for at least six months, possibly 10 months, “but potentially longer.”
The MTA said it planned to hire a relocation consultant “to provide suitable accommodations” and compensation to the residents.
The agency said some property owners might not want to return, and it would pay them fair market value for their homes. The MTA said it would resell them after the project was finished.
The elevated tracks were built in the early 1900s, cutting through the block and the existing homes, one MTA document said. The tracks come “within 10 feet of seven two-story residential buildings to the east and within one foot, in places,” the document said.
The MTA Board authorized the relocations on March 23 as part of two projects to renovate the elevated track — one section curving just feet behind the Ditmars Street homes in Brooklyn, and one section near the M terminus at Middle Village in the Maspeth section of Queens.
A news release on March 18 announced the renovation work, but made no mention of the relocations. The news release said the first section in Middle Village would be done during the summer months to minimize the impact on Christ the King Regional High School, just across the street from the last stop, Metropolitan Avenue in Maspeth.
A school spokeswoman, Joanne Castellino, said the MTA had not contacted the school, and that officials there knew only what they read in newspapers the day after the news release. “We do have summer school, so there will be some impact,” Castellino said.
The work in Bushwick will begin after the Maspeth section is completed, the MTA said.
Newsday attempted to interview several people entering and leaving the Ditmars Street buildings during the past two weeks, but most said they did not speak English or did not want to talk.
Newsday left copies of an MTA Board document outlining the plan in mailboxes at each of the affected properties, but only three property owners responded.
Reddit, despite its size, has had difficulty monetizing through advertising. One reason is that user anonymity prevents the kind of data collection that enables advertisers to narrowly target their desired audience the way they can on sites like Facebook. Another is that its user base is notoriously averse to ads; to thank users who are not using AdBlock, Reddit actually uses many of its ad spaces to serve up cute pictures. Occasionally on the front page one will see actual ads in the sidebar; usually, though, one sees ads for other subreddits or the “Thank You” pictures instead. Ads are more commonly served in a “Sponsored Link” box at the top of the front page, /r/all, and the default subreddits.
Another reason is that Reddit has earned itself a bad reputation by hosting socially corrosive and even criminal content along with all of its cute cat gifs and “dank” memes, and so very few major advertisers have been willing to touch it until relatively recently.
All this is to say that we know that Reddit isn't, at this point, literally supported by ad revenue; it is apparently living off of the funds it raised in a round of investing last year in addition to the revenue it receives from ads and gold, which appears to be a shockingly small amount of money for a website of this size.
The purpose of this campaign is to prevent Reddit from fooling people into thinking it has truly changed, and to show the world that web properties that support bigotry and other ills will not be profitable. Make no mistake: Reddit is not taking a tougher stand on racism and harassment or even on nonconsensual pornography; it is attempting to sweep these things under the rug (and doing a bad job of it) in order to look better as it attempts to monetize. Those who currently advertise with Reddit provide more legitimacy than revenue; they help Reddit say to its investors, “See? Companies will advertise here. We'll eventually be able to pay you back with this large community, we promise!” The problem is, when mainstream advertisers support Reddit, they support the content that Reddit hosts, from the adorable to the deplorable.
Our job is to tell Reddit's advertisers that we will not stand for them giving any kind of aid to a website that explicitly supports bigotry, and to show Reddit and its investors that they will continue to face an uphill battle toward profitability if they refuse to adopt a policy banning hate speech.
If you haven't already, sign our latest petition (more than 50,000 signatures strong) here:
Now, without further ado, here is Reddit's current list of advertisers. This list will be updated as necessary, since new ones pop up all the time. Click on an advertiser's name to send a tweet letting them know that you don't support hate and they shouldn't either.
Netflix | Penguin Books | New Belgium Brewing Company | Adult Swim (TBS/Time-Warner Inc.) | Sling TV (Dish Network) | Dover Publications | Jansport | Focus Features | DraftKings | CuriosityStream | Leesa Mattresses | Lovecrave | PocketDerm | Opternative | Supra Footwear | HomeChef | BookSniper | Kontron.com | Librato | VaporGenie | Stanford Center for Professional Development | Touro University Worldwide | Coupons.com | Shudder.com | Playster | HelloParent.co | Petbrosia | Original Stitch | Bungie Games | Activision |
The Open Philanthropy Project recommended a grant of $500,000 over two years to Animal Charity Evaluators (ACE). ACE is an organization in the effective altruism (EA) community that does research to identify the most effective animal welfare charities and recommend them to donors. Our grant is intended to help ACE scale up and address what we view as some of its current shortcomings.
Background
This grant falls within our work on farm animal welfare, one of our focus areas within U.S. policy.
ACE is an organization within the effective altruism (EA) community, and was originally founded in 2012 as a project of the Centre for Effective Altruism. Its primary activity is evaluating animal-focused charities and sharing its top recommendations on its website. On the whole, we view ACE as a well-run organization that shares our goal of improving animal welfare as much as possible (though we do also have some concerns about the organization, discussed below). We've found ACE's Executive Director, Jon Bockman, to be highly capable, focused on maximum impact for farm animals, and willing to make changes based on criticism that ACE receives; we also have generally positive views of several other ACE staff.
About the grant
Proposed activities
While our grant is unrestricted, the rough spending plan ACE has shared with us includes:
Increasing compensation: ACE plans to raise staff salaries by between $2,000 and $4,000 per year for each employee, plus provide a platform for retirement accounts.
ACE plans to raise staff salaries by between $2,000 and $4,000 per year for each employee, plus provide a platform for retirement accounts. Adding staff time: ACE plans to double the hours of its Director of Development, increase the hours of its Digital Media Manager to full-time, hire a Media Relations Specialist, and increase hours for data analyst and web developer positions.
ACE plans to double the hours of its Director of Development, increase the hours of its Digital Media Manager to full-time, hire a Media Relations Specialist, and increase hours for data analyst and web developer positions. Hiring for two research positions , one to assist the current research team's efforts in creating quality research, and one to conduct new experimental research projects.
, one to assist the current research team's efforts in creating quality research, and one to conduct new experimental research projects. Making small grants to evaluated charities: ACE would like to give groups $500 to $1,000 to be evaluated by ACE in order to compensate them for their time and encourage self-assessment.
ACE would like to give groups $500 to $1,000 to be evaluated by ACE in order to compensate them for their time and encourage self-assessment. Intern stipends: ACE would like to offer need-based stipends to its interns to attract a more diverse set of applicants.
ACE would like to offer need-based stipends to its interns to attract a more diverse set of applicants. Fundraising: Improving its donor database and conducting research to understand the motivations of conventional animal advocacy donors.
Our grant will increase ACE's expected revenue for 2017 from around $635,000 to $885,000.
Case for the grant
The case for this grant, as we see it, rests on the following:
Imagining how we hope the farm animal welfare movement will look in a decade or two, we see an important role for an institution similar to a scaled-up version of ACE: impact-focused and able to direct donors to the best charities, engage effective altruists, and push animal welfare groups to focus on effectiveness. Among current organizations in the field, we view ACE as the most on-track to filling that role, and we think funding constraints are currently a key barrier to it growing in that direction.
We expect that the improvements ACE plans to make with this grant will allow it to direct more money to animal welfare groups that we consider highly effective, so we consider it fairly likely that this grant will achieve a roughly one-to-one return on investment in the near-term. (However, we also note that we think money moved by ACE to its top charities is somewhat likely to be counterfactually diverted from other moderately effective animal welfare charities, or from other EA organizations.)
We hope this grant will help ACE address what we view as some current shortcomings, including unsustainably low salaries, reliance on low-quality research, and undervaluing of long-term gains (see our risks and reservations).
We consider ACE the best-positioned group to encourage animal welfare charities to focus more on efficacy and to critically examine their own impact, and we expect this to be quite valuable. We are also hopeful that ACE can help generally attract more donors and activists to support and increase their engagement with effective farm animal advocacy. (Although ACE does not appear to us to be as effective at social media outreach or attracting new activists as some other animal welfare organizations, we expect there to be value in expanding these efforts beyond those groups.)
Risks and reservations
Overall, we think ACE offers good recommendations that help direct money to effective groups. However, we have had a number of reservations about its work in the past (some of which we now feel have been mitigated):
ACE has sometimes relied on low-quality research in the past. However, our impression is that, in the last couple of years, ACE has reduced (though not entirely eliminated) its reliance on low-quality data, and that it is taking active steps to improve in this regard, including adding an additional layer to its process of review before citing research.
Our impression is that ACE's recommendations have sometimes followed trends in the broader effective animal advocacy community. For instance, when vegan advocacy was particularly popular among this community a few years ago, ACE promoted charities such as Vegan Outreach; when the community became interested in shifting norms and promoting an anti-speciesist message, ACE started promoting charities focused on message-spreading (e.g. Animal Ethics). However, we think these shifts partially reflect ACE genuinely updating based on new evidence, and Lewis's impression is that ACE has become less influenced by and more skeptical of community trends over time.
We continue to have some reservations about the level of vetting ACE applies to charities' claims about themselves, and would like to see ACE vet charities' claims more closely.
Sources
Just try to locate a truly comfortable outdoor, public place to lounge around your city. Typically what you'll find are rigid benches that discourage people from lingering too long. Artist Oliver Show sought to remedy that in Hamburg, Germany, by creating bold yellow benches, couches and other seating areas in unexpected places.
The sculptural, flexible seating areas are created by wrapping yellow drainage pipes around the city's existing infrastructure including bridge trusses, bike racks, handrails and trees. The material is low-cost and weather-resistant, and its bright color enables it to stand out among the largely neutral hues of its surroundings.
“The interventionist and experimental approach to me is more important than the quest for a ‘perfect' product,” the artist told Der Spiegel (via Architzer). The installation won Show a design award from the HFBK Leinemann Foundation for Education and the Arts.
When urban spaces are designed to prevent people from getting too comfortable – a problem that could be partially solved by coming up with some creative solutions for homeless housing – they perpetuate a cycle of constant motion that keeps city residents from pausing to notice, enjoy and interact with their surroundings. If only urban planners would take more cues from artists, and from the very people who use the infrastructure they design.
(CN) – A federal judge trampled the First Amendment in sealing a case where a company successfully torpedoed a “materially inaccurate” safety complaint against it, the 4th Circuit ruled.
At the time of the complaint, the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008 had just established more stringent safety and testing standards for the manufacturers of children's products. The Consumer Product Safety Commission was rolling out a new database that would enhance the public's ability to report and review complaints of safety hazards.
Manufacturers are able to object to information they believe is either materially inaccurate or confidential, however, and Company Doe did just that when faced with a complaint from an unidentified local government that its product caused the death of an infant.
Though the commission attempted to correct the report by redacting a portion of it, the manufacturer continued to resist any publication of a “report of harm.”
It eventually filed suit, and a federal judge in Greenbelt, Md., forbade the commission from publishing the report.
The court then sealed the entire case, ensuring that no document filed in the case would even appear on the public docket.
A three-judge panel reversed Wednesday, saying that the “regrettabl[e]” decision to seal meant that “neither the press nor the public was able to monitor the litigation as it unfolded.”
The trial court's opinion on the case included “sweeping redactions to virtually all of the facts, expert testimony, and evidence supporting its decision,” Judge Henry Floyd wrote for the federal appeals court in Richmond, Va.
In ordering the court to unseal Wednesday, the court granted a motion from three advocacy groups – Public Citizen, Consumer Federation and Consumers Union — to intervene.
“We are not blind to the fact that a corporation's image or reputation may diminish by being embroiled in litigation against the government over the safety of one of its products,” Judge Henry Floyd wrote for a three-judge panel of the Richmond, Va.-based court. “That is the nature of public litigation. When parties ‘call on the courts, they must accept the openness that goes with subsidized dispute resolution by public (and publicly accountable) officials.'” (Parentheses in original.)
Here the trial court was wrong in finding that the manufacturer's “interest ‘in preserving its reputational and fiscal health' outweighed the public's ‘abstract interest' in obtaining information about the lawsuit.”
The sealing order “violates the public's right of access under the First Amendment and that the district court abused its discretion in allowing Company Doe to litigate pseudonymously,” Floyd wrote.
“The public has an interest in learning not only the evidence and records filed in connection with summary judgment proceedings but also the district court's decision ruling on a summary judgment motion and the grounds supporting its decision,” the 61-page lead opinion adds. “Without access to judicial opinions, public oversight of the courts, including the processes and the outcomes they produce, would be impossible.”
Other federal appellate courts have previously rejected the wholesale sealing of docket sheets, the panel continued, joining the 2nd Circuit in holding “that the public and press's First Amendment qualified right of access to civil proceedings extends to docket sheets.
“The ability of the public and press to inspect docket sheets is a critical component to providing meaningful access to civil proceedings,” Floyd wrote. “The docket sheet provides onlookers an overview of the court proceedings and allows them to ascertain the parties to the case, the materials that have been filed, and the trial judge's decisions.”
He added that the sealing of the entire docket sheet during the pendency of the litigation in this case “effectively shut out the public and the press from exercising their constitutional and common-law right of access to civil proceedings.”
“But there is a more repugnant aspect to depriving the public and press access to docket sheets: no one can challenge closure of a document or proceeding that is itself a secret,” Floyd added.
“A corporation very well may desire that the allegations lodged against it in the course of litigation be kept from public view to protect its corporate image, but the First Amendment right of access does not yield to such an interest,” the opinion later states.
Senior Judge Hamilton said he concurred in the judgment “with reservations.”
Though it was understandable for the trial court to be “concerned about the impact these publications would have on Company Doe, both from an economic and overall survival standpoint,” Hamilton said that First Amendment jurisprudence ultimately “requires more than a common sense feeling about what harm may befall Company Doe.”
“It requires concrete proof of a high likelihood of substantial and irreparable economic harm,” he added. “Because Company Doe failed to present such concrete proof to the district court, we are left only with a common sense feeling of what may occur, which simply is not enough to support the sealing of a record. Without a doubt, the District Court's heart was in the right place, and it is regrettable that the majority opinion acknowledges neither the difficult task confronted by the District Court, nor the care and genuine concern displayed by such court in ruling on the motion to seal.”
Like this: Like Loading...
Hello again everyone, back again with a new deck that I have had some success with for the past couple of weeks. I have gone through several iterations trying to get the deck up and running and I finally believe I hit a sweet spot. DS Control has been a popular shard combination since Set 1. I have brought it back with some sweet deck interactions!
Due to Herofall being a prominent card in the meta, we have to think about our troop counts and keeping them around either 2 or 3-ofs. Which is what you're currently seeing in the list above. This will mitigate the damage of a Herofall demolishing the deck. Not only that, Empowered cards such as Cyclone Shaper can avoid Herofall. Meaning, if you play an Empowered Cyclone Shaper and an opponent Herofalls it, the rest of the copies in your deck and hand will survive. You could also respond to a Herofall, but empowering the Cyclone Shaper that is in your hand if one gets hit on the field.
So enough about Herofall, what exactly does the deck do to win? So there are multiple win conditions here. Forbidden Tomeseeker has been a card that I have been keeping my eye on. With a good mix of card draw, this card can get out of control. Also, from my experience, opponents tend to not use removal on this card due to it's long wind-up (or so they think). Our other friendly Necrotic troop, High Infinitrix, can also be reverted with Forbidden Tomeseeker. Although the interaction may not happen often, the possibility is still there. When Forbidden gets high enough (usually around a 6/6 or 7/7) I tend to shift his power off to another troop to further the threats.
The deck tries to play it slow and gain card advantage through card draw and removal. Currently, the meta is filled with decks trying to throw pressure on to the board. There needs to be some sort of board removal to come back into a match. This is where Clash of Steel comes in. This card has outperformed mostly because opponents are not expecting a board wipe since Extinction has been out of the meta. Especially against the famous Redlings deck, I have seen opponents drop their entire hand by turn 3-4, only to lose 3-4 troops. I have tested with a 4-of, but I feel it is better off left in the sideboard in case you are playing against a slower deck that is not putting several threats out into the field at once. Along with Clash of Steel, Eldurathan's Glory plays a similar role while putting a 5/5 Steadfast troop on the field can sometimes wipe the opponent's board or take out several threats. The reason why there is one in the main board is to make room for our other 5 drops, Eternal Bastion (one of the key cards and win conditions of this deck). A good thing to note is that Eldurathan's Glory gets rid of those pesky Bride of the Damned.
Eternal Bastion is a key card in this deck due to the potential to draw an extra two cards per turn, for a low amount of charges or even none. This card advantage will ultimately win you the game. You will not only have answers, but major threats that can easily outpace your opponent's draw potential. All you need to do is have Eternal Bastion live for a couple of turns. Even lowering the charge power to 5 is still a huge boon. If you do happen to have Eternal Bastion in play and you are at 7 charges, I recommend waiting a turn if you can before blowing the 7 cost charge power. Get it down to where you feel comfortable and then start using your charge powers. This will get you the highest card draw value from great charge management. Of course if you are in dire need, don't be greedy and go ahead and draw the cards.
Eternal Bastion also goes well with cards such as Forbidden Tomeseeker and Cyclone Shaper. Forbidden Tomeseeker will be getting +3/+3 per turn or if his ability is shifted onto another troop. As for the Cyclone Shaper, drawing many low cost actions and 1 cost Oracle Songs is a huge boon.
We also need to survive against those aggressive decks, so Silver Talon Adjudicator plays that nice role, along with High Infinitrix. Aha! Take that you silly dreadlings. Attack directly into the Lifedrain! Silver Talon Adjudicator also provides additional card draw if our opponent's have more cards in hand than us. Usually against Kaglichu decks, they will have more cards due to the amount of resources they get from Cottontail Explorer.
Last, but not least, are our reserves which aims to take out any threats our opponent throws at us. If you opponent has an aggressive deck and waiting for turn 3 may be too slow, you may want an additional Transmogrifade and Dingle. Siding out the Bring to Justice may be helpful in those situations and also bringing in Eldurathan's Glory. Cards like Purify are mostly used against Prophecy Bombus decks or mB decks that try to force spiders into your deck. Gravebane Vial you most likely will bring in against Kagulichu decks or cards that utilize the Crypt in some form. Great solution to Rotten Rancor! Diamond's Favor can be brought in against large Wild troops such as Crocosaur (although our “Stomp! Stomp! Roar!” friend hasn't seen much competitive play). Not only that, it can also serve as a solution to remove Constant threats. Now before, I had also included Deny in the deck and in reserves, but I noticed I was getting some conflicting results with it. The deck already has many 3 drops that require a double Diamond threshold which made it hard sometimes to make a decision on whether or not to choose playing a Diamond or Sapphire shard in the moment (regarding the Dual Shards). So in the control match-up you may want to bring in a Verdict to prevent those nasty removals or threats in the form of Actions / Constants. Especially bring in against the BW Kagulichu Horrors of War deck. Finally, if you know the match is going to be quite a long one, side in that Mad Robomancer for another threat. Really good against the mirror match since the deck does not have a good way to remove other Mad Robomancers in your hand.
As before, I also have made an Immortal version of this deck as you can see below.
As you can see the core is the same, but there are some differences. Repel is a great removal which replaced Dingle in the Immortal format. You also notice that Oracle Song has replaced Lanupaw's Sight. The reason of the switch is because Oracle Song draws you the cards that turn rather than waiting a turn and potential draw two more the turns after. Along with the changes, we also added another threat, Incantation of Ascendance. One of my favorite cards that exists in this game is coming back! With the amount of card draw going on, we could always benefit from a devastating troop that has the potential of causing major damage, especially paired with a Mastery of Time. Finally, we remove Psychic Ascension for Mass Polymorph: Dingler to take care of full boards and turn them all back to Dinglers.
In summary, the Drawing is Eternal deck has proven to be quite a competitive deck in the constructed formats and I would not be surprised seeing more of it in there near future, or variants of it. As always, thanks for reading and always looking forward to writing my next article!
Like this: Like Loading...
SPONTANEANATION with Paul F. Tompkins #15
Paul F. Tompkins welcomes everyone on the internet back to Spontaneanation! This week, Paul's special guest is stand-up comedian Jen Kirkman aka The Pod F. Tompkast's Southie! They chat about whether ghosts exist or not, why Jen's mother calls her a miracle baby, and the chilling tale of the one-armed blacksmith that lived in her home in the 1800s. Paul is then joined by Matt Gourley, Jean Villepique, and Victor Yerrid to improvise a story set at a Snorkeling Excursion Ticket Kiosk. As always, the astounding Eban Schletter scores it all on piano!
The next LIVE Spontaneanation happens at Largo very soon on Saturday, July 11th with special guests Matt Gourley, Amanda Lund, Chris Tallman, and Scott Aukerman! GET YOUR TICKETS NOW! bit.ly/SPONT715
No sooner had the U.S. Supreme Court struck down a key section of the Voting Rights Act this summer than Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott announced that the state's stringent new voter ID law, passed by the Texas Legislature in 2011, would “immediately” take effect. That's despite a federal court's earlier ruling that the voter ID law would place “strict, unforgiving burdens on the poor.” Of course, placing burdens on voting is the whole point.
With a general election set for Nov. 5, the time for theoretical debates is over. For the first time, voters will be required to present an approved form of photo identification to vote. The hoops are plenty. Get ready to jump.
Let's assume you're registered and ready to head to the polls. When presenting photo identification at the polling place, the key word is “acceptable.” What is considered acceptable ID by the state of Texas? Here's the list from the Secretary of State's website:
• Texas driver license
• Texas election identification certificate
• Texas personal identification card
• Texas concealed handgun license
• U.S. military ID card containing the
person's photograph
• U.S. citizenship certificate containing the
person's photograph
• U.S. passport
Any of the above forms of ID, with the exception of a citizenship certificate, can be up to 60 days expired. What if you don't have one of these seven forms of ID? Then you want to direct your attention to item No. 2 on the list, the Texas election identification certificate, or EIC.
The EIC has been available free of charge since June 26, the day after the Supreme Court decision. You can get an EIC only at a Texas DPS office, which means some voters will have to travel as far as 200 miles round-trip to get one. DPS offices started opening Saturdays on Sept. 14, less than two months from Election Day, solely to process EIC applications, and will do so until Nov. 2. (Disregard the error we discovered on the DPS website that says Nov. 6. We were told it would be fixed.) Saturday hours are only at select offices in 13 of Texas' 254 counties. At press time, only eight EICs have been distributed statewide, according to DPS. Yes, you read that right: This state of 26 million has processed only eight election identification certificates.
Not surprisingly, Travis County is worried that at least 25,000 people in the Austin area could have trouble voting on Election Day. All because of a made-up “voter fraud epidemic.”
The list of documentation needed for an EIC is less complicated than the tax code, but not by much. First, you must demonstrate U.S. citizenship with a passport or birth certificate or other approved document.
Next, you must prove your identity. There are three ways you can do that:
1. Present one item listed in the primary identification category—either a Texas driver license or personal identification card that is between 60 days and two years expired; or
2. Present two items listed in a second category, such as an original or certified copy of a birth certificate or U.S. citizenship or naturalization papers without identifiable photo; or
3. Present one item listed in the second category, plus two of 28 items listed in the supporting identification category listed on the DPS site.
If you can navigate all that, the EIC is free and valid for six years if you are under 70, and never expires if you are over 70. If you are a person with a disability, you can apply at your county voter registrar for a permanent exemption from the photo ID requirement.
At the polls, election workers will be looking to verify that the name on your ID is identical or “substantially similar” to the one on the voter sign-in sheet. Did you remember to inform your county voter registrar in writing that you legally changed your surname after your change in marital status? Is there a clerical error?
If you show up at the polls without one of the approved photo IDs, you can still vote using a provisional ballot. But for your vote to count, you must present your county voter registrar with proper photo ID within six days.
I'm sure with Texas voter turnout already among the lowest in America, these obstacles will have no bearing on elections to come.
This is one of the most tumultuous times on record in the global financial markets. The financial landscape is going through a period of upheaval with some major firms folding, other operations merging and a limited number of companies in both the Europe and the US, being rescued by governments. BILLION-DOLLAR BAIL-OUTS Governments have spent billions of dollars on rescue packages, led by the US with its $700bn rescue package.
BANKS AFFECTED BY THE GLOBAL CRISIS - 2008 Giants of the business world, such as Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch, have crumbled or been bought out. Bank Date Status Website Fannie Mae 07 Sep Nationalised Fannie Mae Freddie Mac 07 Sep Nationalised Freddie Mac Lehman Bros 15 Sep Collapsed Lehman Bros Merrill Lynch 15 Sep Taken over Merrill Lynch AIG 16 Sep Part-nationalised AIG HBOS 17 Sep Taken over HBOS WaMu 25 Sep Collapsed and sold WaMu Fortis 28 Sep Nationalised Fortis Bradford & Bingley 29 Sep Nationalised Bradford & Bingley Wachovia 29 Sep Taken over Wachovia Glitnir 29 Sep Nationalised Glitnir Hypo Real Estate 06 Oct Rescue package Hypo Real Estate RBS 13 Oct Part-nationalised RBS Lloyds TSB 13 Oct Part-nationalised Lloyds TSB UK RESCUE PLANS Much of the current crisis has been caused by the banks' unwillingness to lend to each other, so the UK government has come up with a plan to inject billions of pounds in capital and to guarantee loans in the hope that lending will resume.
The government has also nationalised or part-nationalised some leading UK banks struggling to survive the crisis.
STOCK MARKETS In London confidence in the markets fell with news of Bradford and Bingley's nationalisation. Banking shares have been the worst hit by the financial turmoil. FTSE 100 INDEX: 16 September 2008 - present NIKKEI 225 INDEX: 16 September 2008 - present In the United States, the Dow Jones industrial average saw similar swings, posting sharp gains of more than 800 points as well as losses of more than 770 points. DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE: 16 September 2008 - present SHARE PRICES Banks have continued to suffer the steepest falls in share prices.
US bank Merrill Lynch was taken over by Bank of America on 15 September prompting an initial recovery in shares, but they have since dipped again. Fortis shares were falling sharply until a rescue deal was mounted by European banks on 29 September.
COMMODITIES The price of metals and oil has also been affected by the financial chaos. After reaching a record high in July of $147 a barrel, the price of oil has fallen and is now back under the $100 mark. Gold has fluctuated significantly.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
HACKERS IN AUSTRALIA have succeeded in running classic first-person shooter game Doom on a bank cash machine.
The ATM, which runs Windows XP Embedded, can be controlled using the device's buttons, with the game appearing on the screen in place of the message telling you the size of your overdraft.
Unlike other versions of Windows XP, which reached end of life in April of this year despite one in five computers still running it, the embedded version will continue to receive support through 2019, leading to some users hacking their computers into representing that they are cash machines in order to continue receiving additional updates, a practice frowned upon by Microsoft's marketing department.
Although fundamentally this is a story about some people who got Windows to run a Windows game, the hacking did require hardware modification to remap the buttons using an I-PAC2, the same device that can be used to mimic a USB keyboard in an arcade machine.
At the moment, weapons selection is done through the arrow buttons to the side of the screen, and the group already has plans to get the number keys up and running.
Although the demonstration video doesn't give away too many of the hacking secrets, it does appear that the Windows environment has been preserved with the possible addition of some sort of DOS emulator.
The hackers have already managed to get the receipt printer working and have suggested that one in five computers still running it could be adapted to provide proof of your progress to others. µ
Microsoft today announced that they are joining Enterprise Ethereum Alliance as a launch partner. Enterprise Ethereum Alliance will build, promote, and broadly support Ethereum-based technology best practices, standards, and a reference architecture, EntEth 1.0. Microsoft is also today making the first reference implementations of Ethereum available in a public cloud. Ethereum and Enterprise Ethereum are supported by Azure middleware services like Cryptlets, Azure Active Directory for Identity, data services via Cortana Analytics Suite, Key Vault for key management, operations and deployment. Enterprise customers can now deploy their own implementation of this platform on Azure.
Ethereum is a blockchain-based, general purpose decentralized application platform, enabling smart contract functionality. It employs the Ethereum Virtual Machine and the Solidity programming language to directly implement and execute peer-to-peer and multiparty agreements among other applications. This technology facilitates more efficient and secure transactions without centralized intermediation. Notably, Ethereum blockchain technology will improve banking trade settlement latency, increase transparency in supply chains, and create peer-to-peer markets where intermediaries typically were previously needed between counterparties.
“At Microsoft, we are proud to be a founding member and board member of the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance to continue the advancement of enterprise-grade blockchain platforms. Participating with the Ethereum community to implement open standards will accelerate deployment of blockchain solutions. In addition, Microsoft Azure's open, global scale cloud infrastructure and platform services provide fertile ground for the evolution of Ethereum into the enterprise,” said Marley Gray, Principal Architect, Azure Blockchain Engineering at Microsoft.
sorry but the Undertale hype train never stops!......until the next picture because IDK if I'll do another Undertale pic next lolwell here is Undyne,that really strong fish lady that suplexes boulders for no reason,plays the piano,is the leader of the Royal Guard,eats rocks,is teaching THE GREAT PAPYRUS how to cook,can apparently bench-press 7 kids at the same time,and thinks anime is real!all while saving Alphys from committing seppuku!(anime is not real)in this pic Undyne instead of jumping off the mountain to fight you, is running down the mountain because that's way coolerand being cool is coolspeaking of cool, this image just so happens to be 1920x1080 after being resized for DAso if you have a monitor that size than maybe you could use it as a wallpaper too!hooray!made in Photoshop CS6enjoyUNDERTALE © Toby Foxfan art © Hellknight10 / HK-TEN / Pedro A. Machuca Nunez
It used to be that a midget-aged player faced a dilemma of sorts if the Ontario Minor Hockey Association centre they were a part of did not have a sufficient number of players to ice a team at the AA level or below.
With no rep teams at those competitive levels and with rules restricting their ability to go and participate in a nearby centre fielding teams in those competitive categories, it could discourage the individual from ever lacing up the skates going forward in their rep minor hockey careers.
Not any more, though.
When the puck is dropped to start the 2015-16 campaign, the OMHA will pilot a project directed at addressing circumstances such as when a centre does not have sufficient players to roster a minor or major midget team in a AA or lower representative category.
‘For the first time in 50 years, Peterborough did not have a AAA team and Newmarket shut down one of their midget teams.'
Known as the OMHA Midget Pilot Project, the focus of this two-year program is to encourage the retention of current midget-aged players by providing opportunities in a positive environment with an emphasis on safety and competitive balance, the Richmond Hill-based organization said in a media release.
Fielding midget rep teams at the AA and A levels, the Whitchurch-Stouffville Minor Hockey Association approves of the OMHA's initiative.
“The project is definitely worthwhile,” cited Don Easter, WSMHA president. “We've seen a decline of players in juvenile hockey through the years and midget hockey could follow if we don't take the correct steps.
“This is an attempt to return players at the midget level because we're seeing a decline in those players after the minor midget draft year.
“We've even seen some large organizations that did not ice midget teams. For the first time in 50 years, Peterborough did not have a AAA team and Newmarket shut down one of their midget teams.”
If the program had been in place this season, Easter noted it could have helped their association as two goalkeepers from Newmarket could not play since they did not have enough players to field an A-level midge team for them.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LI_Oe-jtgdI
If you want to know how to scam the world into doing your bidding, study the 1962 film The Music Man. In it, “Professor” Harold Hill, played brilliantly by Robert Preston, is a traveling salesman and con artist who convinces a small Iowa town that juvenile delinquency is threatening their very way of life. The threat comes in the form of the insidious, corrupting influence of a pool table. To remedy the situation, the citizens are convinced that they must put their children in a marching band led by non other than Professor Hill. Of course to even get started, the parents must buy instruments and uniforms from…Professor Hill.
If you think this is just a quaint old movie, think again. The Music Man provides the blueprint for the electoral strategies of both the Republican and Democratic parties. Find a problem that is either small or imaginary, blow it all out of proportion, and claim that you are the only one who can solve it. Yes, that's right folks. We've got trouble…right here in the land of the free…with a capitol “T” and that rhymes with “G” and that stands for Global Warming/Terrorism!
Sing along, everybody:
Seventy six Marine brigades in Afghanistan
A hundred percent carbon tax right behind
Followed by years and years of the pols exploiting fears
That were mostly or completely in your mind!
Earlier this year, I wrote about how Washington, D.C., has had trouble retaining middle-class millennials, when couples have children. Clearly, they are not the only city struggling with this issue; cities not only have to plan for young migrants, but for a few years down the line — to when 30-somethings age out of sleeping in loft beds in modern micro-units.
Urban planner and architectural designer Sarah Snider Kommpa offers suggestions on how city planners and developers can create a more welcoming atmosphere for young families in “Downtown Families: Discovering How Cities Support Urban Family Living.” After receiving a travel scholarship from the Seattle chapter of the American Institute of Architects, Kommpa visited 11 cities and interviewed government officials, families who've moved to the suburbs after having kids — and couples who have hunkered down and begun transforming downtowns — to compile recommendations for cities.
For Seattle, she suggests the creation of a “Family Village Overlay Zone,” where stakeholders can coordinate around the overlapping issues of school and park planning, transit, and urban growth planning. I chatted with Kommpa about how parents can root themselves in communities, housing size issues and the class implications of downtown families.
Why did you decide to study young families in cities?
I studied urban planning in grad school. I enjoy studying cities and think about cities all of the time. I started to see friends that were my age who were living downtown start to think about having kids. They were faced with the questions of where to go and if they had to move. So I started to think more about the topic of families and family-friendly downtowns.
I think cities are different today than certainly when I grew up. I was born in downtown Chicago, and my parents moved to the suburbs right when my sister was born two years later, but that was what people did. So I started to think about the different issues: housing, education, parks, recreation space and independence.
Sarah Snider Kommpa
Why do schools create deviations between the migration patterns of class groups?
The school issue is huge. Upper-class families with kids can choose to live in the city regardless and there's a breaking point there. If you can afford private school and live downtown, then you can do that and that doesn't matter. On the other end of the spectrum, folks living in subsidized housing don't have a lot of choice about where to send their kids to school — depending on how the local district does choice, whether it is neighborhood-based schooling or open enrollment.
As certain neighborhoods evolve, and some [middle-class] families have decided to stay in urban environments, the schools are getting better and improving, but it's a slow process. Certainly some families are going to say, “I'm going to move where I know the school system is good,” but there are a lot of parents getting involved in more urban schools to change that from the bottom up. That's one of the trends that I saw while traveling.
Did you see any other differences between middle-class millennials and lower-income millennials?
I think cities, by default, have more services for lower-income families than suburbs do. Unfortunately I think the trend now — especially when you are considering transportation — is that as the suburban locations are becoming more affordable than urban locations, it's harder to serve these families.
How can cities plan for better housing for families?
From a developer's perspective, they can get more per square foot for smaller units than they can for larger units. Unfortunately when folks go in and design their buildings, they're using market studies that are a few years old. They're not thinking long-term about retaining those renters when they get married and have kids. There are few developers that are seeing the possibilities.
From the city perspective, in Vancouver, if a developer builds over a certain number of units, they actually require a percentage of units be two bedroom. There's no way to require families to move in, but the more two- and three-bedroom units there are, the better it is to address this problem. At the Seattle planning commission, I asked if there was any way to dictate unit-mix from a zoning perspective, and the response we got was, “I don't know if American cities are ready for that. That might be a little too much control over what a developer can build.” And I can see both sides of that point, honestly, even though I do believe we are overbuilding smaller units at this point.
What is a very simple or low-cost thing cities can do to retain families?
One low-budget suggestion that the city can foster, but I don't think should necessarily be run by the city, is an organization of parents that is going to advocate for kids. This group is going to go to city council and say, “Hey, we need a playground here, because there isn't one in a two-mile radius.” When parents get involved in something like that, they are more likely to stay downtown because they feel invested and engaged and respected as a voice.
DY 010 – “Attention, Awareness, and the Great Adventure” – with guest Culadasa
Deconstructing Yourself 00:00 / 1:08:37 1X
Culadasa talks with Michael W. Taft. After decades of Buddhist practice, Culadasa exploded on the scene a few years ago with his groundbreaking book The Mind Illuminated, an incredibly comprehensive guide to meditation. It's an erudite mixture of neuroscience, traditional Buddhist practice, and Culadasa's own ideas about how to gt the most out of practice. In this episode we talk about his definitions of attention and awareness, how his system compares to that of his friend teacher Shinzen Young, how the meditative brain works, dealing with aging and death, and much more.
Learn more about Culadasa and his teaching at culadasa.com
Show Notes
0:15 – Introduction and overview
2:30 – Culadasa's system vs. Shinzen Young's: stability of attention
7:55 – Sustained attention and effortlessness
10:20 – Culadasa's system vs. Shinzen Young's: sensory clarity and peripheral awareness
19:55 – Mindfulness as the optimal interaction between attention and awareness
22:55 – Conceptual overlays and the lower limits of conscious perception
32:50 – Attention selects objects from peripheral awareness
35:00 – The interactive role of attention and awareness in maintaining mindfulness in daily life
38:30 – How strong mindfulness affects emotions, wholesome and unwholesome behavior, and the practice of virtue
43:50 – The importance of the Eightfold Path post-awakening
47:20 – The Ten Fetter, Four Path Model: characteristics of paths and the dropping of fetters
59:49 – Spiritual development does not end at Fourth Path
1:01:57 – Old age, sickness and death are part of the Great Adventure
You can support the creation of future episodes of this podcast by contributing through Patreon.
Share this with a friend: Email
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Pinterest
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pepe Reina's agent says the goalkeeper will return to Liverpool FC for pre-season training later this month.
The Spanish shot-stopper spent last season on loan at Napoli and faces an uncertain future.
The Reds are looking to find a buyer for Reina, who still has two years to run on his lucrative contract.
Most of Brendan Rodgers' squad will report back to Melwood next Monday but Reina and all the club's other internationals who were on World Cup duty have been granted extra time off.
“I'm aware of the rumours circulating regarding the future of Reina, but I can confirm that Pepe will play at Liverpool next season,” said his agent Manuel Garcia Quilon.
“Is a return to Napoli completely ruled out? Yes, Reina will respect his contract with the English club.”
More Liverpool FC news:
Reds bid £20m for Lovren, but Saints refuse to do business
Watch: James Pearce on Reds new boy Emre Can plus Suarez update and latest on Lovren and Markovic
Is Luis Suarez one of the best players in Liverpool's history?
Liverpool FC confirm £10million swoop for Emre Can
Rodgers: Can will be a big hit at Anfield
In pictures: A World Cup XI of rumoured Liverpool FC transfer targets
Described as a "solidarity movement for gender equality," the HeForShe campaign is the United Nations' attempt to recruit men to the feminist cause. Launched last September with the star power of U.N. Women Goodwill Ambassador Emma Watson, the campaign became thinkpiece fodder and a Twitter trending topic for weeks after the Harry Potter actress took the stage to formally invite men to the women's movement. As with anything attached to a feminist label, the campaign inspired plenty of contentious online discussion, from those who thought that it didn't do enough for men to those who thought it did too much. These popular, contemporary debates embodied one of the major conflicts simmering within the feminist movement since the ‘60s and ‘70s: What role do men have in the women's movement?
In recent years, this question has become especially poignant as domestic violence and rape scandals have wracked America's most masculine institutions, from football to fraternities to the military. In the book Some Men: Feminist Allies and the Movement to End Violence Against Women, released earlier this year by Oxford University Press, researchers Michael Messner, Tal Peretz and Max Greenberg interview male feminist allies from three different eras of the women's liberation movement, connecting the history of men's activism to the current feminist moment. Messner, a sociology and gender studies professor at the University of Southern California, spoke to me about the book and the ways in which male feminist strategies have changed over the years to accommodate new understandings of both masculinity and the oppression of women.
The title of your book refers to the tension of men working in a leadership capacity for a movement that is supposed to be centered on women. How do the men you talk to in the book navigate that tension, and how do they negotiate their space within the feminist movement?
It's really at the heart of what we wrote about in the book. Men, starting from that earliest movement cohort all the way through today, have had to figure out how to kind of strategize and negotiate within this field that's created by women and for the most part has been run by women. The women that you see in the book are pretty much unanimously welcoming, and they see it's important for men to do this work. But the flipside of that is that male privilege still operates within even those kinds of feminist fields, where you see men getting more credence for things that they say or getting put up on a pedestal and prematurely escalated into positions of power and authority.
Because male privilege is still with us, you can't just make those things go away. The men who we interview, most of them are very well aware of those tensions and those contradictions. And they have learned, sometimes through experience, often through being mentored by older women and sometimes older men who've been doing this longer than they have, how to strategize to use that male privilege to get messages heard that people wouldn't otherwise hear. But also make sure that [they] take opportunities when they arrive to credit women for having come up with the ideas. Young men who are hearing that message are invited to engage in a critical self-reflection about how they might not have been listening to women or might not have been hearing what women have to say.
A lot of these men were not attracted to feminism because they were angered by violence against women, but rather because they were antagonized by overt expressions of masculinity in the military or other domains structured by male dominance.
We tend to think, because feminism has illuminated this so much, that systems of male dominance put men over women, and they do. But systems of male dominance also include what I call inter-male dominance hierarchies, where men dominate other men, sometimes through class relations, sometimes through race relations, but also just men who are more conventionally masculine can dominate men who are not.
So a lot of the men who end up entering the movement to stop violence against women were themselves at some point victims of bullying, harassment, gay-bashing, violence, sexual assault, abuse when they were kids, or they saw their mothers and sisters getting beaten up by fathers. So they've been in environments where they have experienced violence. Often times, they were guys who were not conventionally masculine and were punished or marginalized because of that when they were young—because they were sensitized to these kinds of issues.
There are a few guys in the book who are more [conventionally masculine]. Ironically, those guys are probably most successful in the movement, in a conventional sense of success. They tend to be the ones who rise to positions of leadership. They get audiences. People listen to them. And that's partly because they mobilize that more conventional masculine posture that they've developed. That's another one of the contradictions of experience in the field, I think.
In recent months, we've heard a lot of conversations about football and football's relationship to ‘conventional masculinity.' Do you think football, and other aggressive, male-dominated sports, have a role in perpetuating masculine aggression? How do male feminists you spoke to perceive the sport?
The simple answer to the first half of your question is yeah, I think there is evidence that football and ice hockey and boxing do perpetuate a glorification of male violence. There is evidence that the boys and the men who are rewarded for being football players, and other aggressive athletes like that, are more likely to be involved in off-field violence, including violence against women and people who play other sports or don't play sports.
Obviously, football is not going to go away right now, even though there is this concern about head injuries. I think the leagues and the NCAA are managing that as a public relations problem to a great extent. So the anti-violence activists on campuses who've worked with professionals as well as college football players are operating from the assumption that, for the time being, the sport is here to stay. The military is here to stay. And there are problems with violence that are particularly associated with those organizations. So, how do we get inside them and try to talk to men about consent and bystander behavior and domestic violence in ways that we hope might prevent some of it? That's the strategy.
You see that with the fraternity issue as well—there is a very rigid gender binary built into the Greek system. Is there possibility for change within the fraternity system? Because we're seeing a lot of backlash, and it seems like the fraternities at least are a softer target than the institution of football.
I think, though, there are differences within the fraternity or Greek system as well.
Part of it is being careful not to paint the whole system with the same broad brushstrokes. But at the same time, it's clear that within the fraternity system there are major problems that have deep historical roots. There's a powerful form of heterosexual male bonding in fraternities that makes the world more dangerous for women. That's definitely one of the places that preventionists are targeting.
So part of that response has to be, beyond the important part of how do you deal with and how do you support survivors of sexual assault, which a lot of colleges have not done well at all, but in addition to that, how do you start going about creating a culture that confronts rape culture? And a culture that talks about consent, and bystander behavior, and people just being ethical towards each other on campuses?
You also talk about how these conversations work on an individual basis, that they sometimes fail to scrutinize the structural ways that rape culture is perpetuated. What kinds of efforts have you seen that target the more insidious ways rape culture is embedded within our society?
In terms of those really powerful masculinist institutions that I mentioned before—the military, organized sports, especially football: I don't think the efforts that have been made so far have approached the structural problems that are partly at the root [of the] violence.
Some universities have, for instance, certain fraternities that are so egregious that they keep popping up. Universities have the power to control fraternities. I say that knowing that there's a whole long history of universities having a very hard time controlling their fraternities.
It's probably easier for them to do than to deal with the athletic department. Because the athletic departments, especially Division I universities, they're like autonomous fiefdoms. They're like the tail that wags the dog so often. It's very, very hard for universities, I think, especially given the power of the alumni and the public, to really take control in a way that would make that kind of difference. At the Division II and III levels, where you don't have all that money involved, there can be a lot more elbow room for colleges to make changes. I've seen that in a limited sort of way in some of the colleges I've visited, that they're trying to do sports right, and I think there is a way to do that.
How are men's approaches to anti-domestic violence work, and other ‘feminist fields,' changing?
Young men who are going into the work right now are going into, for the most part, pre-set organizations that often have pre-set curricula and pre-set ideas about whom the target audiences are, and a lot of that has medicalized language, you know, talking about the ‘risk populations' and ‘intervening' to ‘prevent' future acts of violence. There are some ways in which that's good. It facilitates the work, but I think it's very limiting for people who have more of a political or social-change education to go into something that's developing more and more into a professionalized social service.
On the other hand, though, a lot of the younger men who are going into the work are, as a group, a lot more diverse than the men of the 1980s and 1990s were. There's a whole lot more men of color, there's a lot more gay and queer-identified men going into this work. I think what that ends up doing is that it deepens the base of the work. That bureaucratization and the professionalization of the work has tended to kind of thin the politics. And the movement of men of color and queer men into this work provides the possibility of thickening the politics again. What those guys bring to the work is a life experience of having experienced or viewed violence in various ways—in the street, in their communities, in their schools, racial violence, violence perpetrated by cops against people in their community and families. They are more open to seeing men's violence against women as connected to other forms of social injustice: poverty, racism, discrimination against immigrants. That's what the younger guys are bringing to this now: a re-politicization of anti-violence work grounded in the experience of a more diverse group. That's my most optimistic conclusion.
A polling experiment sheds light on an electoral puzzle
The betting markets, the pollsters, even the voters are predicting the Conservatives will edge ahead by May 7. However, on the latest numbers, Labour is the likely winners. What's behind this contradiction, and what does it mean for campaign strategy?
I conducted an experiment which throws some light on the problem. I asked 3,219 people to predict the outcome of the election. That sample was randomly split into two, with one half (sample A) asked whether Labour or the Tories would win, and the other half (sample B) whether Ed Miliband or David Cameron would win.
It is 99% certain that the two questions are, in practice, the same, and the prediction should therefore also be the same, but sample A showed 30% predicting a Labour win, but in sample B, 24% predicted Miliband would.
It means that a section of voters struggles to imagine Miliband as prime minister. That, in essence, is why the experts expect a late swing as the reality of the choice becomes imminent. When we look separately at each party's numbers, the dissonance effect is zero among Conservative and Lib Dem supporters, but strong among Labour supporters (65% of them think Labour will win, 53% think Miliband will) and to a lesser degree among Ukip supporters (19% versus 11%). These are the voters the Tories are targeting with US-style attack ads aimed at the Miliband image, and doing it online through social media where it can have the greatest impact.
How should Labour respond? We have seen that the Conservative austerity message is unappealing. People think cuts in public services are harmful and unnecessary, and they feel personally vulnerable. They believe that the Tories do not care about ordinary people and that their economic policies, though effective, are aimed at helping the rich. This is Labour's strategic strength. Miliband may never seem prime ministerial compared with Cameron, but he can be made convincing as the defender of the people.
It's not too late: George Osborne delivers his final budget on March 18. This is the moment when the Tories will seek to cement their deal with the voters. That could give Miliband the opportunity to change the tone, doubling down on his creditable seriousness and sincerity of purpose.
A version of this article appeared previously in The Times
See the full poll results
“My son is gay. Or he's not. I don't care. He is still my son. And he is 5. And I am his mother. And if you have a problem with anything mentioned above, I don't want to know you.” When Sarah Manley published those words under the image above on her blog last fall, she expected no one would read it, except the “few friends” who already read her blog.
Sarah Manley's son "Boo" dressed up as Daphne from Scooby-Doo for Halloween. The reaction by other mothers at the five-year-old's costume choice prompted Hanley to write a blog post in defence of her son entitled, My Son is Gay. ( Sarah Manley Photo )
Instead a million people read the post, called My Son is Gay. Nearly 50,000 of them left comments, ranging from “Thank you for being such a loving mother” to “How is THAT being a loving mother???” The post defended her 5-year-old son's decision to dress up as a girl for Halloween. She describes how her son wanted to be Daphne from Scooby Doo for Halloween. After much discussion making sure it was what he wanted, she ordered the costume.
Article Continued Below
But when his Halloween costume day came at his church's preschool, Boo (as she refers to her son) got cold feet. Manley writes she encouraged her son to go in and that's when he was ridiculed. Not by the other children, but by other mothers. “Just as it was heartbreaking to those parents that have lost their children recently due to bullying. IT IS NOT OK TO BULLY. Even if you wrap it up in a bow and call it ‘concern.' Those women were trying to bully me. And my son. MY son.” In the days after publishing the post, her post began to go viral. Media from around the world came calling, as did the U.S. network morning shows. As things got bigger, Manley let her son's preschool teacher and director know about the post. It was then she first heard from the pastor, who said she came across as vindictive in the post and that she should stop talking about it. She disagreed and declined. She appeared on the Today show the next day. The next week, the pastor requested a meeting where he told her elders in the church had met and decided she had broken the 8th commandment (Thou shalt not bear false witness), and Matthew18. Numerous members were concerned she was “promoting gayness.” (“I don't even know what that means,” Manley wrote in a follow-up post.)
The next three months passed with no mention of the post — not from the pastor, not from the preschool, not even from the three mothers themselves. Until the end of January, that is. That's when she got a call from her pastor asking her to come in to talk. Manley arrived having no idea what the pastor wanted to talk about; the blog post wasn't even on her radar.
Article Continued Below
“I really had no idea what it was he wanted to talk about because at that point I really thought it was a moot point,” she explained. But apparently, it wasn't. The post was exactly what the pastor wanted to talk about. At the meeting, the pastor offered Manley four ways she could make things right: she could apologize to the women, take down the blog post, no longer write about them, or take her entire blog down. “At that point it had turned into, ‘You really misunderstood them. They were really just making small talk and you misinterpreted it. You felt judged when you weren't,' ” Manley said. “It had definitely taken a twist.” Manley said as far as she's concerned she did not misinterpret the three mothers' intentions. If she did misconstrue their comments, she reasoned, would they not have immediately tried to clear the air with her? “I felt as if whatever sins they wanted to accuse me of had already been decided and no one ever spoke to me.” After the latest meeting with the pastor, Manley and her husband decided to pull their son out of the church's preschool. “If I wasn't comfortable walking through the doors, I could not in good conscience send my son through those doors, which is very heartbreaking for the both of us,” she explained. She also will not be returning to the church, and will be more cautious as she looks for a new church to join. “I might just start a journey and try out churches, test them a little. Do a little more research, I guess, before I commit to something.” Manley has faced online criticism as well for her original blog post. Some people attacked her and her son on her blog's comments, she even received criticism from Caroline Howard, a Forbes blogger, who expressed concern the post will be a part of her son's digital footprint forever, without his knowledge. But it's the criticism from her former church that has hurt Manley most. “I do feel it a little more viscerally because it's from a church, because it's from Christian women; it's from a Christian pastor,” Manley said. “I truly thought that if the church had anything to say, that they would have been supportive of the voice I was using to talk about unconditional love and tolerance so it was very disheartening to see that it was the exact opposite.” Manley, who has had her blog for nearly six years now, said the controversy and reaction to her post “is probably the craziest thing that has happened to me, period.” But, she said, it will not change the way she blogs. “I'm always conscious about what I say because even though a million don't read it, a million people could read it.”
Read more about:
After my other post related to what games I really liked in this year, I still find it's worth mentioning a little more about what occurred in general terms on the Linux gaming market, as well as… what did not occur. If you'd like a TLDR, most of my observations can fit in the next three points:
Lots of infrastructure improvements across the board: Mesa, Vulkan, AMD drivers, SteamOS updates, WINE DX11 support, Solus Steam Integration…
Despite all that, still bittersweet AAA support: no clear improvement vs 2016
Games distribution: no change, GOG is still way behind Steam for Linux support
Now, more details…
Vulkan happened
Yes, we are now starting to have a few Linux games with working Vulkan renderers (Mad Max, The Talos Principle, F1 2017, Dawn of War III, DOTA 2, Ballistic Overkill), and among them one game running ONLY on Vulkan (F1 2017). I used to be skeptical about the maturity of Vulkan drivers, but my concerns were alleviated fairly quickly, at least on nVIDIA. It's still early to say if it will really bring any major performance benefits (even games made for Windows, translated via a Vulkan renderer, do not seem to run massively better than with OpenGL, while they show some lower CPU usage), but if it makes porting easier down the road (as in, DX12 to Vulkan), it will be a net positive anyway. For this to happen we need to see Vulkan adoption on Windows.
Vulkan did not change everything (yet?)
It's still early days, but for now Vulkan did not change the Windows landscape. Games on Windows using Vulkan can be counted on one or two hands maybe, and there is no clear indication that large studios are shifting there, outside of id software (they already have Doom on Vulkan and the latest Wolfenstein). On top of that, games running on Vulkan on Windows did not show up on Linux yet (such as Ashes of the Singularity).
Such tech changes take time anyway, so it's probably very early to have a definitive opinion on that matter, we need to consider the impact of Vulkan probably by 2019-2020 to have a more tangible opinion. DirectX12 has been out for a while and therefore has the first mover advantage. While Windows supports Vulkan, the Xbox does not, so DirectX development is anyway not going away for anything that's targeting consoles.
Third party engines like Unity/Unreal Engine have already experimental Vulkan support and as long as more games use such engines this could make ports more consistent across platforms.
SteamOS still gets updates
Yes, that's almost news in itself. Despite it sucking big time on release (ancient GPU drivers for nVIDIA, no AMD support, broken audio settings, broken locale time settings, broken Xbox controller support, surprise black screen of death, no bluetooth support, etc…) it's apparently improving little by little and getting regular updates. The latest official stable version is from August 2017, and the latest beta is from less than 2 months back. I stopped using SteamOS myself for numerous reasons, but it's still somewhat comforting to know it's not dead, because ongoing support means Valve still cares. I would be glad if it received a lot more attention, though. It's still nowhere ready to be a plug'n play console replacement (media player functionality is still atrocious by default), but as long as it is alive it may still improve… slowly. Since the Steam Machines are pretty much dead at this stage, at this stage its main raison d'etre is to provide a convenient target for developers who target Linux for the first time and might be pulled off by the existence of multiple distributions.
Ambivalent AAA support
Linux is still getting some AAA support, but this year it's been sluggish to say the least. Feral did release some high profile games, but they were fewer than in 2016 (probably because of the extra work on Vulkan, as well as their focus on iOS and Android). Aspyr has released Civilization VI and a couple of other games, but it's almost a shadow of their initial support after the Steam for Linux initiative. More importantly, there has not been (please correct me if I'm wrong) any high profile studio jumping in to declare they will officially support the platform in the near future. In other words, unless things change drastically in the near future, most AAA ports are still going to come from Feral and other porting companies. Nothing wrong with that approach, however how much Feral and other companies can deal with is limited, so this will place a hard limit on how many AAA ports we get every single year.
Virtual Programming seems to have had a rough year, too: no major title released apart from the new Micromachines‘ title. It was really a shame that this particular Micromachines' game was really poor (not VP's fault). They have been working on ARMA III, and while it's still in beta, the Linux port is apparently catching up to the Windows build. Apparently they also have an upcoming alpha for MXGP3 Motorcross for Mac and Linux. That's great news, while I would really like for them to focus on more popular AAA titles.
SteamVR on Linux is still behind
I don't own a VR headset (while I had the chance to try both the Occulus and the Vive on several occasions) but it's pretty clear from several sources (Phoronix did a recent article on that point) that VR support on Linux is still lacking. That does not sound too good, since the combination of poor support along with lower performance makes it really hard to consider Linux for VR, where framerate and latency are critically important for a good experience (stable 90fps recommended). It's not like we are missing a lot at this stage (most VR games are close to worthless, gameplay-wise) but it's getting a lot of investment out there and unless Linux catches up soon enough, this is another platform where it's going to remain a second-class citizen.
Desktop Linux seems to be growing
We have heard several stories in this year of developers leaving the Mac platform to switch to Linux, for numerous reasons. If you are a regular reader of Hacker News you would be familiar with posts describing such conversions. Of course, developers are a very different breed and do not necessarily represent the larger user base. Yet quantitative indicators seem to agree: Linux on DesktopPC is somewhat (slowly) growing (both netmarketshare and statcounter show similar progressions, see below). The main difference is the actual number – such differences are expected because sources differ.
Note that we are talking about some very progressive growth and no explosion, so let's not fuel the “year of the Linux desktop” meme just based on such trends. In any case, it matters because Linux desktop adoption drives the Linux gaming market in parallel. The more time one spends on Linux, the more likely they are going to play games in it.
Witcher 3 is still missing in action.
The game that most Linux gamers want to see ported (source: our survey earlier this year) is still nowhere to be seen. There was a glimmer of hope back in late 2016 that Witcher 3 could materialize in 2017, but with the year behind us now, the likelihood of a port is close to zero at this stage. It's very, very regrettable and damaging since many of us have been lied to about this port (first announced directly on Steam). Witcher 3 is just one game, but it's almost a poster child of a pattern we are all too familiar with: hints of ports followed by broken promises. We could also include Street Fighter V in that list.
WINE is making great progress for DX11 support
In 2017 we have seen WINE making great strides, making it possible to play Overwatch, Witcher 3 (though at a very low framerate), Doom (using Vulkan!), and more. It's definitely not going to cut it in terms of performance for very demanding games, but compared to one year ago the level of compatibility is night and day. This was announced by Codeweavers back in end 2015, and it took them a little longer than they expected but it's now providing some real alternatives for games that get no ports. The below video speaks volumes:
In the absence of Blizzard officially supporting Linux, this is the best that we are going to get.
AMD Support finally materializes
It's taken AMD a very long time, but recent advances in Mesa development have brought the open source drivers to new heights of compatibility and performance:
Vega has supported at launch by the open drivers
AMDGPU DC was merged in the Linux mainline kernel
Their Vulkan driver, AMDVLK, was made open-source very recently.
Mesa 17.3.0 brings OpenGL 4.5 to all hardware that supports it, which makes it close to parity with nVIDIA in terms of features. Performance is still behind nVIDIA (compared to how equivalent AMD hardware performs on Windows) but Mesa may bring further performance increases in the future. At last, the open source drivers are now a totally acceptable option for AMD gaming. Recent Feral ports tend to have AMD official support (Dirt Rally, Xcom2, Hitman, and more) so there are less and fewer reasons to discard AMD for Linux gaming. My guess is that one year from now, AMD will become a very competitive option both in price and performance. Maybe this will make nVIDIA consider opening their drivers at some point? Ryan Gordon thinks they may have to do it in the future.
Let's also not forget that nVIDIA has apparently no intention of supporting Wayland. It's not relevant right now for gaming, but if it ever changes AMD would have the upper hand.
Distribution: GOG Galaxy is still not here
It's not dead either (GOG has said officially that they are still planning on having it, but not actively working on a Linux branch right now.
LinuxVanGog: I am afraid I don't have any news for you regarding the Linux version of Galaxy client. For now, we are not actively developing a Linux branch, mostly because we have other features that are lined up in the client's roadmap. That said, the Linux client is not out of picture. It's just that we cannot give you any estimates and it won't happen in near future.
So, not in the near term sounds like it might not even happen in 2018. The lack of competition on distribution is not good for anyone. Steam continues to control the Linux gaming market, driven by a large portfolio and convenience (most games run through Steam without tweaking or installing dependencies, which cannot be always said for how GOG currently packages their Linux games).
OS: Solus is the new game in town
Good, easy-to-use distributions are essential for a smooth gaming experience. Up until recently Ubuntu was the best choice for gamers – but the installation of PPA to get the latest packages is kind of annoying for a distro that's the official gaming one. If you rely on having pretty much the latest packages for graphics drivers, then rolling distributions should be amongst your choices. You could go for Arch Linux, OpenSUSE Tumbleweed, Slackware, Gentoo or Solus. Why Solus is becoming more and more the gaming distro is choice is because they have gone above and beyond the expectations of a rolling distro by developing a whole subsystem to integrate Steam for Linux. In practice this system intercepts calls to the Steam Runtime and modifies them to fix bugs, and/or to make them use the system's libraries instead. Once activated it's completely transparent to the user. I have been using Solus on two of my machines as the default OS now, and it's been a smooth ride so far. Of course, YMMV, but it's definitely worth trying out if you decide to change distributions.
New Emulation breakthroughs
It would have been almost unthinkable a few years back, but we now have a great emulator for PS3: RCPS3. It's by no means perfect yet but there's about 20% of games that are playable and running quite well if I recall the stats correctly. They also already have Vulkan support on top of OpenGL.
It's also improving fast with a strong Patreon campaign, so in a year from now we can assume a majority of PS3 games may be well emulated and playable if the progress is steady. This opens up a whole new library of (until now) exclusive games to Linux gamers.
So this is it, unless I forgot something really important. The improvements in the general infrastructure around Linux will hopefully make the platform a little more attractive and easier to develop for. Let's see where things go in 2018.
At BoilingSteam, we strongly dislike ads and that is why you won't find any during your visit. If you like what we do, please consider signing up to our newsletter (No Spam!). Register to our RSS feed also works. We are on Mastodon and on IRC too (Freenode, channel #boilingsteam). You can reach us anytime via the contact form for feedback, ideas and news tips. We are always looking for more editors/contributors - feel free to candidate!
Stanley A. Rice Infobase Publishing , 2009 - 468 pages , 2009 - Science 0 Reviews Evolutionary science is not only one of the greatest breakthroughs of modern science, but also one of the most controversial. Perhaps more than any other scientific area, evolutionary science has caused us all to question what we are, where we came from, and how we relate to the rest of the universe. Encyclopedia of Evolution contains more than 200 entries that span modern evolutionary science and the history of its development. This comprehensive volume clarifies many common misconceptions about evolution. For example, many people have grown up being told that the fossil record does not demonstrate an evolutionary pattern, and that there are many missing links. In fact, most of these missing links have been found, and their modern representatives are often still alive today. The biographical entries represent evolutionary scientists within the United States who have had and continue to have a major impact on the broad outline of evolutionary science. The biographies chosen reflect the viewpoints of scientists working within the United States. Five essays that explore interesting questions resulting from studies in evolutionary science are included as well. The appendix consists of a summary of Charles Darwin's Origin of Species, which is widely considered to be the foundational work of evolutionary science and one of the most important books in human history. The five essays include: How much do genes control human behavior?What are the ghosts of evolution?Can an evolutionary scientist be religious?Why do humans die?Are humans alone in the universe Preview this book »
Tourists lose out as Dutch cannabis law upheld
Updated
A Dutch judge has upheld a controversial law that bans tourists from buying cannabis at the Netherlands' famous coffee shops.
The ban on tourists visiting so-called cannabis cafes will be implemented nationwide by the end of this year.
It targets the many foreigners who have come to see the country as a soft drugs paradise and to tackle a rise in crime related to the drug trade.
Coffee shops can only sell cannabis to registered members. Only locals will be allowed to join a coffee shop, and each coffee shop will be limited to 2,000 members.
Some users regard the requirement to register as an invasion of privacy.
The mayor of Amsterdam opposes the plan.
Fourteen cafe owners and several pressure groups also challenged the law in The Hague, saying it is discriminatory.
One owner says it will cost him 90 per cent of his turnover. The cafe owners say they will be lodging an appeal.
The ban is part of a tougher approach to drugs by the Netherlands government.
The law, which reverses 40 years of liberal drugs policy in the country, starts next month in three southern provinces and goes nationwide by the end of the year.
The Dutch government, which collapsed at the weekend, also plans to forbid any coffee shops within 350 metres of a school, with effect from 2014.
The government in October launched a plan to ban what it considered to be highly potent forms of cannabis, known as 'skunk', placing them in the same category as heroin and cocaine.
ABC/Reuters
Topics: courts-and-trials, law-crime-and-justice, laws, drugs-and-substance-abuse, netherlands
First posted
With the creation of the UCI Women's WorldTour, an ambitious new American women's team has come together under title sponsor Cylance, a high-tech computer security firm, with Olympic hopefuls Shelley Olds, Rosella Ratto and Valentina Scandolara heading up the roster. Related Articles 2016 Women's WorldTour: Rules, organizers' requirements and live broadcasting
UCI announces 2016 Women's World Tour
News shorts: Morton brothers stay with Jelly Belly, Millar to lead cycling tours
Scandolara embarks on newfound leadership role with Cylance
Shelley Olds' Cannondale SuperSix Evo HM
Cylance Pro Cycling hoping balance brings success, longevity - Gallery
The team also includes up and coming climber Krista Doebel-Hickok, who won a stage in the Czech Tour de Feminin, Tour de San Luis and BeNe Ladies Tour stage winner Alison Tetrick, multiple collegiate national champion Erica Zaveta, Sheyla Gutierrez, winner of the Grand Prix de Plumelec-Morbihan, Swiss time trial champion Doris Schweizer and Kathryn Bertine.
Cylance Pro Cycling is owned by Inspire Sports, the management company founded by Omer Kem, who previously managed the BMW p/b Happy Tooth and Bissell Pro Cycling teams. Cylance stepped in to sponsor BMW's brother squad SmartStop at the tail end of the 2015 season, and Kem was keen to continue the partnership under a new banner after the men's team folded.
"With the announcement of women's WorldTour, I was motivated to make a concentrated effort on that calendar. I felt it gave us something to step up to," Kem told Cyclingnews. "My motivation was to create a diverse roster but also make sure we were an American team. The first rider signed was Shelley Olds. She was a 2012 Olympian and someone at this point in her career can win, teach, lead and be there on the road. I wanted to bring her back after several years of racing overseas. We were able to sign Krista Doebel-Hickok, who is a very good up and coming climber. She had some success in Europe this year. We signed Alison Tetrick, who can be a voice in addition to get results for the team. A young rider named Erica Zaveta - she raced with BMW-Happy Tooth team, and I saw an opportunity to develop her beyond the multiple collegiate championships she's won and see if she wants to be a pro cyclists long term."
Ratto, 22, was the bronze medalist behind Marianne Vos and Emma Johansson in the 2013 UCI Road World Championships in Florence. She was also the best young rider in the Tour Cycliste Féminin International de l'Ardèche this year, but previously won a stage and was third overall in The Women's Tour in Great Britain, and the Giro dell Emilia.
Scandolara comes from the Orica-AIS team, with which she claimed a second overall and points jersey at the Premondiale Giro Toscana Int. Femminile this year, and a stage in the Tour Cycliste Féminin International de l'Ardèche. Bertine has been Saint Kitts en Nevis' national team for several years, taking part in the World Championships while advocating for women's cycling.
Kem and Cylance CEO Stuart McClure are hoping to further Bertine's aspirations of elevating women's cycling to be equal with the men's side. Short term, they are focused on supporting the riders' aspirations for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio in addition to the team's goals, but long term, they hope to be able to add value to the sport and draw in other tech companies as sponsors.
"Elevating women in the sport for me is huge. I really connect with that effort of serving the underdog and trying to get your voice heard. I think I've had that my whole life," McClure told Cyclingnews. "There is a lot to happen with women's sport, to get fair credit and equal pay, and I think it's a great opportunity all around for us to do some good as a company."
McClure said that the more he heard about the situation that the women face in cycling, as highlighted by Bertine's documentary film "Half the Road", the more he felt compelled to do something about it. "I was almost embarrassed that we haven't done a proper job - it's ridiculous. We need to do better than this. We have a lot of very committed, dedicated and talented athletes here, how are we not taking every advantage to bolster then and get them to where they want to be?"
He also sees an opportunity for his company, which sells a next-generation anti-virus product that employs artificial intelligence to prevent intrusions rather than try to detect known malware. They currently sell business-to-business rather than on the consumer side, and McClure sees cycling as a way to connect with his fellow tech business leaders - many of whom are avid cyclists as he is.
"The number of avid cyclists as senior executives far exceed those that golf anymore. For us, cycling or active sports like that, really attract the senior executives who are the buyers of our product. Those folks also appreciate the alignment with the charity work we'll be doing as an organisation through Inspire Sports and others. There's a lot of great appeal for the company, for the cycling team. Lastly, maybe even equally important is I'm really keen, and all of us are keen at Cylance, to see if we can develop a team of women that can not just sort of achieve team goals which are great, but achieve individual goals. We have a number of potential 2016 Olympians, and we'd love to help get them to achieve their goals there."
McClure hopes his involvement in the sport will help inspire some of his competitors to follow suit. "I'm hopeful that I can elevate [cycling] in the high tech world, so for example guys like GoDaddy and Dell who I know would be very keen to help sponsor and infuse more of a way to professionally develop a group of people and a team... I probably have high hopes, but I think it's very do-able."
Kem says the team will race both overseas and in the US next year, focusing mainly on the WorldTour, but also helping the women fight for UCI points toward Olympic qualifications in the first half of the season. They'll start most likely at the Ladies Tour of Qatar, where Olds has had success in the past, and take on the one-day WorldTour races in Europe. They will also tackle the North American UCI stage races like Joe Martin, Tour of the Gila, and Tour of California before taking on the National championships, Winston-Salem Classic, and the Philadelphia WorldTour race.
"Then we'll look at the women's race in Great Britain in June," Kem said. "Depending on how many riders make their Olympic teams, we'll see what the rest of the year looks like. La Course and the Prudential RideLondon are huge events. We'll be there. The second half of the year dependent on the Olympcis, but our focus is on the WorldTour and events around that."
AUSTIN (CN) – Five former workers say the owners of a steakhouse ignored their complaints that a manager was mistreating and belittling a co-worker, who finally came to the steakhouse and shot the manager five times, killing him. One plaintiff, a manager, says she brought up the mistreatment again at a staff meeting that ended 5 minutes before the fatal shooting. Their co-worker then drove away into the hills and killed himself.
The plaintiffs say they suffered post traumatic stress disorder after seeing it all. They sued Steiner Steakhouse aka Steiner Ranch Restaurant, and its four owners, in Travis County Court.
One plaintiff, a manager at the Austin steakhouse, says she told the owners before the shooting that manager Chris Martin had been riding Brian Beck, a veteran of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The plaintiffs say that before the shooting, “Chris Martin had singled out decedent Beck and was constantly mistreating decedent Beck … and belittling decedent Beck at his job in front of his co-workers.”
The plaintiff manager, Meredith Maclaskey, says the managers had a meeting at the steakhouse from 1:30 to 4 p.m. on the day of the shooting. “During that afternoon's meeting, plaintiff Maclaskey again brought to all the managers' attention and to those present at that meeting, including the son of defendant Bobby Steiner, of the mistreatment of decedent Beck.
“Minutes after the meeting, approximately around 4:05 p.m., decedent Beck walked into the steakhouse and passed by plaintiff Jamie Rayes and plaintiff Maclaskey before he started shooting at decedent Chris Martin.
“The shooting was very traumatic to plaintiffs who were severely traumatized and affected by the shooting, especially for plaintiffs Maclaskey and Rayes, who were a short 6-9 feet in distance from where decedent Beck was shooting and firing his handgun with multiple rounds.
“Soon after the shooting, decedent Beck left the scene in his vehicle and was later found two weeks after the incident in a secluded hill country area where it was determined that Mr. Beck had shot himself in suicide.”
Despite the trauma of witnessing the killing, Maclaskey says the defendants ordered her to keep closing up the restaurant by herself at 1 a.m.
All five plaintiffs say they suffer sleep disorders, fear and anxiety and still suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder. They say they were not given any time off or offered medical help for their trauma and were all fired several months later.
They seek damages and exemplary damages for negligence, mental anguish, lost wages and medical care. They are represented by Elias Lorenzanna Jr.
Like this: Like Loading...
A hunting expedition in France's Ardèche region ended in tragedy Thursday after a hunter accidentally killed his son.
According to daily newspaper Ouest-France, the 61-year-old saw a shadow pass and fired his weapon. However, the figure was not a wild boar, as the hunter expected, but his 35-year-old son.
Though resuscitation efforts were attempted, the man died at the scene. His father collapsed shortly after and has since been hospitalized while prosecutors investigate the circumstances of the fatal shooting.
The accidental shooting follows another hunting incident earlier this week that led to the death of a 6-year-old in northern France. The young boy died in a hospital Wednesday, succumbing to injuries he sustained Sunday when a hunter's gun was accidentally discharged.
Earlier this year, France's National Office for Hunting and Wildlife reported that there were 179 hunting accidents in the last hunting season, which lasted from June 2012 to May 2013, 21 of which were fatal.
Mean shift clustering
Mean shift clustering is a general non-parametric cluster finding procedure — introduced by Fukunaga and Hostetler [1], and popular within the computer vision field. Nicely, and in contrast to the more-well-known K-means clustering algorithm, the output of mean shift does not depend on any explicit assumptions on the shape of the point distribution, the number of clusters, or any form of random initialization.
We describe the mean shift algorithm in some detail in the technical background section at the end of this post. However, its essence is readily explained in a few words: Essentially, mean shift treats the clustering problem by supposing that all points given represent samples from some underlying probability density function, with regions of high sample density corresponding to the local maxima of this distribution. To find these local maxima, the algorithm works by allowing the points to attract each other, via what might be considered a short-ranged “gravitational” force. Allowing the points to gravitate towards areas of higher density, one can show that they will eventually coalesce at a series of points, close to the local maxima of the distribution. Those data points that converge to the same local maxima are considered to be members of the same cluster.
In the next couple of sections, we illustrate application of the algorithm to a couple of problems. We make use of the python package SkLearn, which contains a mean shift implementation. Following this, we provide a quick discussion and an appendix on technical details.
Follow @efavdb
Follow us on Twitter for new submission alerts!
Mean shift clustering in action
In today's post we will have two examples. First, we will show how to use mean shift clustering to identify clusters of data in a 2D data set. Second, we will use the algorithm to segment a picture based on the colors in the image. To do this we need a handful of libraries from sklearn, numpy, matplotlib, and the Python Imaging Library (PIL) to handle reading in a jpeg image.
import numpy as np from sklearn.cluster import MeanShift, estimate_bandwidth from sklearn.datasets.samples_generator import make_blobs import matplotlib.pyplot as plt from itertools import cycle from PIL import Image
Finding clusters in a 2D data set
This first example is based off of the sklearn tutorial for mean shift clustering: We generate data points centered at 4 locations, making use of sklearn's make_blobs library. To apply the clustering algorithm to the points generated, we must first set the attractive interaction length between examples, also know as the algorithm's bandwidth. Sklearn's implementation contains a built-in function that allows it to automatically estimate a reasonable value for this, based upon the typical distance between examples. We make use of that below, carry out the clustering, and then plot the results.
#%% Generate sample data centers = [[1, 1], [-.75, -1], [1, -1], [-3, 2]] X, _ = make_blobs(n_samples=10000, centers=centers, cluster_std=0.6) #%% Compute clustering with MeanShift # The bandwidth can be automatically estimated bandwidth = estimate_bandwidth(X, quantile=.1, n_samples=500) ms = MeanShift(bandwidth=bandwidth, bin_seeding=True) ms.fit(X) labels = ms.labels_ cluster_centers = ms.cluster_centers_ n_clusters_ = labels.max()+1 #%% Plot result plt.figure(1) plt.clf() colors = cycle('bgrcmykbgrcmykbgrcmykbgrcmyk') for k, col in zip(range(n_clusters_), colors): my_members = labels == k cluster_center = cluster_centers[k] plt.plot(X[my_members, 0], X[my_members, 1], col + '.') plt.plot(cluster_center[0], cluster_center[1], 'o', markerfacecolor=col, markeredgecolor='k', markersize=14) plt.title('Estimated number of clusters: %d' % n_clusters_) plt.show()
As you can see below, the algorithm has found clusters centered on each of the blobs we generated.
Segmenting a color photo
In the first example, we were using mean shift clustering to look for spatial clusters. In our second example, we will instead explore 3D color space, RGB, by considering pixel values taken from an image of a toy car. The procedure is similar — here, we cluster points in 3d, but instead of having data(x,y) we have data(r,g,b) taken from the image's RGB pixel values. Clustering these color values in this 3d space returns a series of clusters, where the pixels in those clusters are similar in RGB space. Recoloring pixels according to their cluster, we obtain a segmentation of the original image.
#%% Part 2: Color image segmentation using mean shift image = Image.open('toy.jpg') image = np.array(image) #Need to convert image into feature array based #on rgb intensities flat_image=np.reshape(image, [-1, 3]) #Estimate bandwidth bandwidth2 = estimate_bandwidth(flat_image, quantile=.2, n_samples=500) ms = MeanShift(bandwidth2, bin_seeding=True) ms.fit(flat_image) labels=ms.labels_ # Plot image vs segmented image plt.figure(2) plt.subplot(2, 1, 1) plt.imshow(image) plt.axis('off') plt.subplot(2, 1, 2) plt.imshow(np.reshape(labels, [851,1280])) plt.axis('off')
The bottom image below illustrates that one can effectively use this approach to identify the key shapes within an image, all without doing any image processing to get rid of glare or background — pretty great!
Discussion
Although mean shift is a reasonably versatile algorithm, it has primarily been applied to problems in computer vision, where it has been used for image segmentation, clustering, and video tracking. Application to big data problems can be challenging due to the fact the algorithm can become relatively slow in this limit. However, research is presently underway to speed up its convergence, which should enable its application to larger data sets.
Mean shift pros:
No assumptions on the shape or number of data clusters. The procedure only has one parameter, the bandwidth. Output doesn't depend on initializations.
Mean shift cons:
Output does depend on bandwidth: too small and convergence is slow, too large and some clusters may be missed. Computationally expensive for large feature spaces. Often slower than K-Means clustering
Technical details follow.
Technical background
Kernel density estimation
A general formulation of the mean shift algorithm can be developed through consideration of density kernels. These effectively work by smearing out each point example in space over some small window. Summing up the mass from each of these smeared units gives an estimate for the probability density at every point in space (by smearing, we are able to obtain estimates at locations that do not sit exactly atop any example). This approach is often referred to as kernel density estimation — a method for density estimation that often converges more quickly than binning, or histogramming, and one that also nicely returns a continuous estimate for the density function.
To illustrate, suppose we are given a data set $\{\textbf{u}_i\}$ of points in d-dimensional space, sampled from some larger population, and that we have chosen a kernel $K$ having bandwidth parameter $h$. Together, these data and kernel function return the following kernel density estimator for the full population's density function
\begin{eqnarray}
f_K(\textbf{u}) = \frac{1}{nh^d}\sum\limits_{i=1}^n K(\frac{\textbf{u}-\textbf{u}_i}{h})
\end{eqnarray}
The kernel (smearing) function here is required to satisfy the following two conditions:
$\int K(\textbf{u})d\textbf{u} = 1\\$ $K(\textbf{u})=K(\vert \textbf{u} \vert)$ for all values of $\textbf{u}$
The first requirement is needed to ensure that our estimate is normalized, and the second is associated with the symmetry of our space. Two popular kernel functions that satisfy these conditions are given by
Flat/Uniform $\begin{align}
K(\textbf{u}) = \frac{1}{2}\left\{
\begin{array}{lr}
1 & -1 \le \vert \textbf{u} \vert \le 1\\
0 & else
\end{array}
\right.
\end{align}$ Gaussian = $K(\textbf{u}) = \frac{1}{\left(2\pi\right)^{d/2}} e^{-\frac{1}{2} \vert \textbf{u} \vert^2}$
Below we plot an example in 1-d using the gaussian kernel to estimate the density of some population along the x-axis. You can see that each sample point adds a small Gaussian to our estimate, centered about it: The equations above may look a bit intimidating, but the graphic here should clarify that the concept is pretty straightforward.
Mean shift algorithm
Recall that the basic goal of the mean shift algorithm is to move particles in the direction of local increasing density. To obtain an estimate for this direction, a gradient is applied to the kernel density estimate discussed above. Assuming an angularly symmetric kernel function, $K(\textbf{u}) = K(\vert \textbf{u} \vert)$, one can show that this gradient takes the form
\begin{eqnarray}
abla f_K(\textbf{u}) = \frac{2}{nh^{d+2}} \left ( \sum\limits_{i=1}^n g(\left \vert \frac{\textbf{u}-\textbf{u}_i}{h} \right \vert) \right ) \textbf{m}(\textbf{u}).
\end{eqnarray}
where
\begin{eqnarray} \textbf{m}(\textbf{u}) = \left ( \frac{\sum\limits_{i=1}^n \textbf{u}_i g(\left \vert \frac{\textbf{u}-\textbf{u}_i}{h} \right \vert)}{\sum\limits_{i=1}^n g(\left \vert \frac{\textbf{u}-\textbf{u}_i}{h} \right \vert)}-\textbf{u} \right ),
\end{eqnarray}
and $g(\vert \textbf{u} \vert ) = -K'(\vert \textbf{u} \vert)$ is the derivative of the selected kernel profile. The vector $\textbf{m}(\textbf{u})$ here, called the mean shift vector, points in the direction of increasing density — the direction we must move our example. With this estimate, then, the mean shift algorithm protocol becomes
Compute the mean shift vector $\textbf{m}(\textbf{u}_i)$, evaluated at the location of each training example $\textbf{u}_i$
Move each example from $\textbf{u}_i \to \textbf{u}_i + \textbf{m}(\textbf{u}_i)$
Repeat until convergence — ie, until the particles have reached equilibrium.
As a final step, one determines which examples have ended up at the same points, marking them as members of the same cluster.
For a proof of convergence and further mathematical details, see Comaniciu & Meer (2002) [2].
1. Fukunaga and Hostetler, “The Estimation of the Gradient of a Density Function, with Applications in Pattern Recognition”, IEEE Transactions on Information Theory vol 21 , pp 32-40 ,1975
2. Dorin Comaniciu and Peter Meer, Mean Shift : A Robust approach towards feature space analysis, IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence vol 24 No 5 May 2002.
[Mesa-dev] ANNOUNCE: An open-source Vulkan driver for Intel hardware
This game is quite honestly the most fun I've had in ages. The game is hilarious, and puts a casual and nonchalant spin on the flow of time,
This game is quite honestly the most fun I've had in ages. The game is hilarious, and puts a casual and nonchalant spin on the flow of time, and executes the concept perfectly. It is so refreshing that Capy Games have delivered us a unique side-scrolling run-and-gun game, which truly requires you to think through what you are doing. Singleplayer co-op (sounds crazy right?) turns this game into a complex tactical puzzle game as well!
As an example, imagine running through a level, dying (a lot), deciding where to position yourself in relation to your last life, then trying to save the previous iteration of yourself, creating a paradox where your last character lives, and then harvest him to level you up. Or sprinting though a level, rewinding, dying, rewinding, dying, until you have a whole army of yourself taking down wacky boss fights.
The pixel art looks fabulous, and is one of the main reasons the game feels so natural, along with the fast-but-pleasant music. This game is not serious, but it's an absolute laugh, and It is definitely worth the money!
10/10 gameplay.
9/10 length.
10/10 replayability.
9/10 visuals.
…
25 SHARES
Wetland specialists in Michigan are getting schooled in an obscure and unlikely area — gold prospecting.
With prices reaching all-time highs – approaching $1,900 this summer – Michigan has seen a boost in ambitious hobbyists searching for gold.
And while a seemingly innocuous and maybe silly way to spend free time, the uptick in prospecting has caught the attention of the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality. Scouring rivers and creeks for a few flakes can disrupt fish spawning and sediment flow.
Long-associated with the west coast, gold prospectors are everywhere, said Warren Bennett, president of the Michigan Chapter of Gold Prospectors Association of America. His members are a diehard group.
“We've had an increase in membership this year,” Bennett said. “We saw even more of an increase when the gold first started going up a couple years ago.”
Pan, sluice and dredge
While not a hotspot for the precious metal, the Great Lakes region has “glacial gold.”
“Gold here originated in Canada,” said Mike Williams, geologist with the Ohio Department of Natural Resources. “As the glaciers moved, every thing was ground up to small flakes.
“As channels developed through melting, the material congregated, and that's where you see gold.”
Hobbyists mostly pan, sluice or dredge for gold. Panning, the most common and cheapest way to get started, is simply sifting through sediment with a pan. Sluicing involves placing a box in the water to collect passing sediment. Gold settles in the ridges of the box.
Dredging involves vacuuming sediment from river and creek bottoms, drawing it to the surface where the gold can be collected.
This was all news to those who regulate the state's natural resources.
“I knew nothing about it,” said Todd Losee, wetland specialist with the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality.
Losee was recently invited by a local prospecting group to witness a dredging for gold operation.
“Our biggest concern is the disruption to the bottom of the rivers,” Losee said. “They typically dredge in gravel bottom areas and these are fish spawning areas. It could certainly harm eggs, or just scare off young fish.”
Most hobbyists pan and sluice, according to Bennett, but there are some areas in Michigan where members dredge.
“We have a couple places we are allowed to use them, we've gotten permits through the county or state,” Bennett said. “But as a general rule, they're not widely accepted.”
Jim Terbush, a gold prospector from just outside of Saginaw, is candid about his preference to dredge. He said he hasn't had any problems from state regulators while using the dredge in rivers.
“It's a gray area here in Michigan” Terbush said, referring to the permitting process.
Permits for gold seekers
Michigan isn't the only state with optimistic gold hunters. Most Great Lakes states allow panning, sluicing and other non-motorized ways of prospecting on state land without a permit, with considerations for fish spawning season.
In Illinois, all prospecting is forbidden on state land.
Ohio doesn't regulate hobby prospecting. While there's some gold in the northwestern part of the state, “on a really good day working sun up to sun down, someone might pay for the gas to get to site,” said Williams of the Ohio Department of Natural Resource.
Sluicing in Michigan can only be done with a permit and during July and August. There are parameters set for the size of the sluice box – 52 inches long, 12 inches wide and 6.5 inches deep. Prospectors must identify a 300-foot area where they will be sluicing. There are no regulations for panning.
To dredge, prospectors have to apply for a permit, much as they would have to for something like a boat slip, Losee said. Mechanical dredging is not allowed on state land.
The state agency is working with prospectors to mitigate any disruption to rivers or creeks.
“We opened up prospecting on state land recently but there are a number of sensitive areas where they can't,” said Chad Fizzell, a state wetland GIS specialist. “If there are endangered species, natural rivers … those are places they're not allowed.”
It's not a “huge thing on our radar,” said Losee, but the department is trying to understand the methods.
“These are people who are out enjoying our waters and we have to balance that with environmental impacts,” Losee said. “We feel the permit structure we have in place is adequate.”
If dredging becomes more popular, the department may modify the permitting, Losee said.
But it's not like anyone is getting rich.
To Bennett, prospecting is just like many other hobbies in Michigan — a reason to be outside with friends.
“My wife and I started years ago, and met great people and grew from there,” he said. “Now I have four kids and they get so excited to go. It's like any hobby, you just get into it.”
Several people have asked for my thoughts on the LeanIn.org unpaid internship controversy. I love Facebook CEO Sheryl Sandberg's Lean In, a compelling look at ambitious women in the workforce and the factors that have traditionally kept us out of the highest-paid and most senior-level positions.
I also run the internship program at the nonprofit Center Theatre Group, where all of our internships must be taken for credit or are compensated with a stipend.
Here's what Rachel Thomas, LeanIn.org's President, had to say via Facebook after a job posting for an ‘unpaid internship' at the organization started making the rounds:
Like many nonprofits, LeanIn.Org has attracted volunteers who are passionate about our mission. We've had four students ask to volunteer with us. They worked flexibly when they could, and often remotely.
These volunteers helped support our message and community, and gained valuable experience doing so. They did not displace or delay the hiring of paid employees. The posting that prompted this discussion was for a position that doesn't fall within LeanIn.Org's definition of a “volunteer.”
This non-apology is so strangely written that it's hard for me to know where to start.
Here's the main thing I take from it, and it's actually pretty disturbing:
LeanIn.org is using ‘intern' and ‘volunteer' interchangeably. Thomas, speaking on behalf of her organization, is confusing two distinct categories.
This comes immediately after this patronizing intro:
“We recognize there is an ongoing public debate on the appropriate use of unpaid interns. So we want to share the facts with you and our community.”
This word, “fact?” And “intern?” And “volunteer?”
You keep using these words.
I do not think they mean what you think they mean.
Ms. Thomas, nonprofit volunteers do not need to “gain valuable experience,” and they can and often do “displace or delay hiring of employees.”
That language refers to the Fair Labor Standards Act's (FLSA's) criteria for internships.
Here are some basic differences between the two categories:
Internships are training programs, and the “training must be for the benefit of the trainee,” to quote the FLSA. In fact, “The employer that provides the training derives no immediate advantage from the activities of the trainees, and on occasion the employer's operations may actually be impeded .” Read: they are not cheap or free labor.
.” Read: they are not cheap or free labor. Internship learning experiences must include close observation (mentorship), so working remotely is not a good indication that you have provided a rewarding internship experience.
Volunteers, conversely, usually do work that directly benefits the nonprofit. They do not need to be mentored, do not need to be trained, and can be utilized in lieu of paid, regular employees.
There are many blog posts and web resources that go into the differences between volunteers and interns at length. For example, this excellent Blue Avocado article spells out additional best practices and quotes relevant parts of the FLSA.
In a nonprofit setting, it can be difficult to ensure internships are crafted to not only fulfill legal requirements, but also to serve the best interests of each intern.
Much of my job running CTG's internship program involves saying no. I say no to supervisors who want their interns to work “as much as possible,” and to interns who are so happy to be involved that they try to expand their 10 hour/week stipend position into 20 or 30 hours.
Here's what I say to them:
The internship is for the benefit of the intern. It is a learning experience, not free labor. If your department needs help with basic tasks such as stuffing envelopes, filing, or data entry, I empathize and suggest you think about getting a regular volunteer to help.
Because volunteers are different. Outside of CTG, I am on the staff of an all-volunteer small theatre company, Circle X Theatre Co. As a volunteer, I can do whatever I want, and whatever is needed, for as many hours a week as I care to give. I clean bathrooms. I stuff envelopes. I do hours of data entry. It's my choice as a volunteer, and I'm doing it to help the nonprofit organization, not for a learning or career benefit. Right now, Circle X has a (paid) summer intern, and she will not be cleaning toilets. The internship. Is for the benefit. Of the intern.
And to the interns: this is bigger than you, so no, I will not make an exception and let you work full-time. Up until a few years ago, CTG almost exclusively took interns from a large, local private university with very high tuition. As the program has opened up, we're starting to see more people from public schools, including the two-year community colleges near our organization. The reason our positions are designed to be super part-time (10 to 16 hours a week for undergraduates, with the schedule built around the intern's) is the stipend amounts we have available are quite low ($500 – $700 for ten weeks). They're designed to allow a student to also hold a part-time job that pays the bills.
I do not want lack of economic privilege to be a barrier to participation in this workforce development program. When we raise the stipends for these time-bound educational opportunities to a living wage, we can increase weekly hours. Programs such as the Oregon Shakespeare Festival's FAIR pay interns $1,000/month and provide housing. When CTG is able to do that, we will absolutely create additional opportunities, likely full-time, 10-week summer internships.
I don't foresee a time when we would extend those opportunities beyond 13 or 14 weeks, though; the point of an internship is to train & release, allowing the intern to ‘lean in' to the next career opportunity.
The more I think about LeanIn.org's posting and strange response, the more it seems indicative of the widespread misunderstanding of the role of interns in the nonprofit sector. We have a pressing need for workforce development, especially career training opportunities accessible to young people of color (research suggests that executive nonprofit leaders AND current students in nonprofit management Masters programs are 80-90% white) and people without economic privilege.
Unpaid internships and the increasing number of low-paying nonprofit management jobs that require Masters degrees can price people out of nonprofit management careers. Humane, student-focused, and compensated internships introduce emerging professionals to the field and can provide a leg up in the competitive nonprofit landscape.
Lean In talks about the importance of equity– and of recognizing when systems are inherently inequitable. The best thing for Thomas, Sandberg and the LeanIn.org organization to do would be to use this opportunity to clarify the roles of interns vs. volunteers, apologize, and vow to do better.
Unfortunately, it looks like they're trying to justify their bias by manipulating language, defending their actions, and refusing to admit fault.
Which sounds a lot like the tactics that keep women out of top-level, high-paying positions.
I'll end with some quotations from Lean In:
“We cannot change what we are not aware of, and once we are aware, we cannot help but change.”
“The promise of equality is not the same as true equality.”
“Larry implored us to exert more control over our careers. He said McKinsey would never stop making demands on our time, so it was up to us to decide what we were willing to do. It was our responsibility to draw the line.”
“I feel really grateful to the people who encouraged me and helped me develop. Nobody can succeed on their own.”
Here's hoping Sandberg will take her advice, and provide equal and accessible opportunities for training and mentorship within her own organization.
Advertisements
Audrey Hepburn and Ingrid Bergman played luminous nuns in movies, but Hart was the luminous beauty who, in real life, cut her hair and put on the habit. When I was little, we would watch her old movies on TV — especially “King Creole,” “Where The Boys Are” and “Come Fly With Me” — and puzzle over why anyone would leave sparkly Hollywood for a strict nunnery.
The British tabloids considered it such lunacy that they kept trying to scout out the “real” reason, reporting on a rumor that Hart had scurried off to the convent in shame after bearing Elvis's love child.
“If anybody knew me, I mean, I was just too Catholic,” she said, denying the gossip to ABC's “20/20” in 2002.
Photo
The documentary begins with Hollywood publicity shots and clips showing Hart — with her big blue eyes, creamy voice and lithe figure — draped in furs, gowns and men. Flash forward to the senior citizen in her old-school habit, leavened with a jaunty black beret decorated with three bird pins. As you watch her playing cancan music for a pet parrot, you wonder: Could she be the only woman who starred in movies who have never had any cosmetic enhancements?
Her parents were beautiful too, and tried to make it in Hollywood. But they didn't flourish in the movies or in their marriage and divorced. They were only teenagers when they had her and could not handle it, she said, noting, “This was a tragedy to my grandmother; she wanted to have me aborted.”
Hart became a star effortlessly, praying for roles and receiving daily Communion. But in 1958, while on Broadway in “The Pleasure of His Company,” she felt fatigued. A friend suggested taking a break at the abbey's guest cottage.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“And I said: ‘Nuns? I don't want to go anyplace where there are nuns,' ” she recalled. Her friend replied: “Oh, don't be so stiff. Just try it. They're contemplative and they won't talk.” She arrived once in a studio limo yet loved the simplicity, feeling she “could find my inner certitude.”
She confessed to the mother superior that she was worried “that it was wrong as a Catholic to be in the movies because sexually you could be aroused by boys and you could get involved sexually with men. And my leading star was Elvis. She said: ‘Well, why not? You're a girl. Chastity doesn't mean that you don't appreciate what God created. Chastity says use it well.' ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
She was preparing for her wedding to Don Robinson, a Los Angeles architect, with a dress designed by Edith Head and a home designed by her fiancé, when it hit her that she was in love with God.
She wore a bridal dress and lace veil when she entered the monastery, but it was a rocky honeymoon. The other women considered her, as one put it, “a lightweight.”
“The first night,” Sister Dolores recalled, “I felt like I had jumped off a 20-story building and landed flat on my butt. I had no idea that it was going to mean singing seven times a day, working in the garden , 10 people in one bathroom, the sternness.” She compared it to being skinned alive.
Robinson never married. “I never found a love like Dolores,” he told the documentarians. He came to visit his old love for 47 years until he died in November.
FAQ
We want to make things as easy as possible for you so here are some FAQs that will help you get your hands on the Tokyo Vinyl Mighty Morphin Red Ranger.
Where can I purchase these Limited Edition items? New York Comic Con @ The Javits Convention Center
Bandai Booth #1628 When do the figures go on sale? October 10-13, 2013, while supplies last.
Limited quantities sold each day. The line-up time will be posted at show opening for that day only. Times will be posted at Bandai Booth #1628. Will the items be available for exhibitors to purchase? Yes. However, sales to exhibitors will be limited to Sunday only. Limit one per person. The line-up time will be posted at show opening for that day only. Times will be posted at Bandai Booth #1628 How many are being released? Limited quantity of 500 Tokyo Vinyl Figures available. Will the items be available on Preview Night? Yes What forms of payment will be accepted? Credit card only (Visa / MasterCard). How much will they be? $25.00 How many can I purchase? Limit ONE per person. All sales final. No returns, no exchanges, no refunds.
See you in the Big Apple!
By fabricating a bogus war between Islamic fundamentalism and the West, the globalists are able to attack their real enemy, humanity. Pulling the strings, they will ensure that both Western and Muslim states are degraded and finally completely subjugated to their odious rule.
Muslim Brotherhood created by British Intelligence
It's common knowledge, he reveals, CIA, Mossad behind terror attacks
–
Former Italian President Francesco Cossiga, who revealed the existence of Operation Gladio, has told Italy's oldest and most widely read newspaper that the 9-11 terrorist attacks were run by the CIA and Mossad, and that this was common knowledge among global intelligence agencies. In what translates awkwardly into English, Cossiga told the newspaper Corriere della Sera: by http://www.americanfreepress.net/ Former Italian President Francesco Cossiga, who revealed the existence of Operation Gladio, has told Italy's oldest and most widely read newspaper that the 9-11 terrorist attacks were run by the CIA and Mossad, and that this was common knowledge among global intelligence agencies. In what translates awkwardly into English, Cossiga told the newspaper
–
“All the [intelligence services] of America and Europe…know well that the disastrous attack has been planned and realized from the Mossad, with the aid of the Zionist world in order to put under accusation the Arabic countries and in order to induce the western powers to take part … in Iraq [and] Afghanistan.”
–
Cossiga was elected president of the Italian Senate in July 1983 before winning a landslide election to become president of the country in 1985, and he remained until 1992.
–
Cossiga's tendency to be outspoken upset the Italian political establishment, and he was forced to resign after revealing the existence of, and his part in setting up, Operation Gladio. This was a rogue intelligence network under NATO auspices that carried out bombings across Europe in the 1960s, 1970s and '80s. Gladio's specialty was to carry out what they termed “false flag” operations—terror attacks that were blamed on their domestic and geopolitical opposition.
–
In March 2001, Gladio agent Vincenzo Vinciguerra stated, in sworn testimony, “You had to attack civilians, the people, women, children, innocent people, unknown people far removed from any political game. The reason was quite simple: to force … the public to turn to the state to ask for greater security.”
–
Cossiga first expressed his doubts about 9-11 in 2001, and is quoted by 9-11 researcher Webster Tarpley saying “The mastermind of the attack must have been a sophisticated mind, provided with ample means not only to recruit fanatic kamikazes, but also highly specialized personnel. I add one thing: it could not be accomplished without infiltrations in the radar and flight security personnel.”
–
Coming from a widely respected former head of state, Cossiga's assertion that the 9-11 attacks were an inside job and that this is common knowledge among global intelligence agencies is illuminating. It is one more eye-opening confirmation that has not been mentioned by America's propaganda machine in print or on TV. Nevertheless, because of his experience and status in the world, Cossiga cannot be discounted as a crackpot.
–
(Issue #52, December 24, 2007)
First off, it's not technically just a crypto-currency!
The term crypto-currency is a subset of a larger, more flexible term called “digital asset.” A crypto-currency is actually too limiting in its scope to describe what XRP can do on the XRP Ledger.
A typical crypto-currency is a cryptographic store of value that cannot be duplicated (or “double-spent”) on its own distributed network.
Yes, XRP does this.
But it is also a digital asset as well, and has some special properties that you need to be aware of, especially if you're only familiar with proof-of-work systems like Bitcoin and Ethereum. XRP can shift one currency into another.
This makes XRP what is known as a “bridge asset” in the ForEx industry. Currently, the US Dollar is used as the predominant bridge asset for most ForEx trading, if a bridge asset is used at all. This means that each bank or Financial Institution that wants to convert currency from one to the other has to purchase it on the open market and then store it in special bank accounts in other countries called “nostro” accounts.
Don't worry! I'm not going to lose you in a heady discussion of nostro accounts.
Just suffice it to say that XRP allows banks to only hold one type of currency instead of dozens in their nostro accounts! The money that banks can save by utilizing XRP as a bridge asset is estimated to be between 42 and 60 percent. 1 (42 percent with XRP at high volatility levels and 60 percent with low volatility). 2
It can serve as this bridge asset with extreme throughput and speed as well. Here is a comparison of XRP's speed and throughput with Ethereum and Bitcoin:
Speed of settlement (final confirmation):
Throughput measured in Transactions Per Second (TPS):
If you are familiar with Bitcoin and Ethereum, you might have some other questions as well; what kind of consensus algorithm does XRP use? Is it a distributed network? Can I run a validator node and be part of the network myself? All of these are good questions. Here are the answers:
Consensus Algorithm
The XRP Ledger uses a “Byzantine Consensus Algorithm” known as the “Ripple Protocol” to determine if a transaction is legitimate. 3 This requires a number of steps:
A transaction is submitted to the next candidate ledger Each network node evaluates proposals from “N” peers: a high number chosen based on low probability of collusion Consensus among nodes is reached with super-majority of peers The network recognizes the new validated ledger
This consensus algorithm solves a classical mathematical problem of trust known as the Byzantine Generals problem, and allows the state of the network to move forward with consensus. 4
Unlike centralized mining pools for both Bitcoin and Ethereum, this consensus algorithm allows the network to be secured with a minimum of electrical power, and much more quickly, as we've seen.
XRP Doesn't Require Mining
Because of its consensus algorithm, XRP doesn't require centralized mining pools. This allows its network to truly be decentralized in a way that supports the redundancy provided by a distributed system. It also saves an exceptional amount of electrical energy, and is categorically better for the environment than Bitcoin or Ethereum.
As a benchmark, Bitcoin currently is estimated to generate 2,000,000 metric tons of CO2 every year 5; also measured at between 15 and 16 TWh (Terawatt-hours per year). 6
Is it a Distributed Network?
Yes.
When it first began in 2012, the XRP Ledger was quite centralized, with most of the validating nodes being run only by Ripple.
Things have changed quite a bit since then, however, and now validator nodes are run throughout the world by businesses and organizations with a stake in the XRP Ledger's long-term health and success. Ripple publishes an open record of its validators online as part of their Validator Registry. 7
Here is a sampling of organizations that run Ripple validator nodes:
MIT 8
SBI Group 9 (A large Japan-based securities investment group)
(A large Japan-based securities investment group) SECOM 10 (A security company in Japan)
(A security company in Japan) Bitso 11 (Mexican Bitcoin Exchange and API Tech Provider)
(Mexican Bitcoin Exchange and API Tech Provider) Telindus 12 (Telecom company based in Belgium)
(Telecom company based in Belgium) Gatehub 13 (A large XRP, Bitcoin, and Ethereum exchange)
(A large XRP, Bitcoin, and Ethereum exchange) BTXIndia 14 (A large Bitcoin and XRP exchange)
(A large Bitcoin and XRP exchange) Microsoft 15
AT Tokyo 16 (A data center in Japan)
Ripple has very high standards for becoming a trusted node, and carefully cultivates a healthy network of trusted nodes. This network is slowly being further and further decentralized across the globe as more and more business partners emerge that wish to participate.
What About Individuals? Can I Run A Validator?
Yes, individuals may also run a validator node and participate in the consensus process. The validator list currently includes two of the cryptographers from Ripple, six XRPChat members (that I know of), and several hobbyists, as well as many others who have not given their names to the Validator Registry.
And it's simple to set one up!
Just make sure you have a computer that meets the hardware specifications, and follow the instructions for installation here. 17
As If the Technology is Not Impressive Enough…
Interledger Protocol
Ripple is not just about XRP or the XRP Ledger. You may have heard of the Interledger Protocol, or ILP – the protocol that enables all of the individual crypto-currencies to talk to each other's ledgers?
This was created by Ripple. ILP was founded by Stefan Thomas and Evan Schwartz, both from Ripple. 18 19
Escrow and Payment Channels
Escrow can hold funds for a certain occasion or until a service has been performed. It can perform the task without the need to thrust intermediaries, meaning that no central authority holds the funds. Traditionally, banks accomplish this using a vault. Escrow is the first readily available option for digital assets.
This directly enables the escrow feature to be used by banks and other financial institutions. (Or individual XRP holders!) 20
Payment Channels is an “off-ledger” transaction system that scales horizontally (linearly). It essentially provides unlimited transactions per second, and some recent tests have measured its speed at 70,000 TPS just as a benchmark. The target market for this capability is micropayments, but it can also support extreme high volume payments from any source. 21
Banking Adoption of Ripple Technology
Banks are adopting Ripple technology and the XRP Ledger. Thus far, Ripple is supporting 90 customers among the worlds top banks, and are supporting over 75 deployments. 22 They've also recently updated their offerings to include liquidity solutions for banks and other financial institutions.
While many other fintechs are still in the “whitepaper” stage, Ripple is live in production, bringing the next generation of payment solutions to bear on a global scale.
Further Resources for Your Research
This blog post is intended to be a primer for those that are new to XRP and Ripple technology. I've included many links in my “sources” below; in addition, here are some helpful links that have been used many times by others in learning further about XRP and Ripple:
XRP Community Links (for the latest news and discussions by XRP investors):
How to buy XRP: How to Buy XRP
More about ILP, Ripple and XRP:
Various Desktop Wallets (Ripple can't directly provide a wallet due to AML-KYC):
NOTE: Even though I use a couple of these options, I do not personally vouch for any of these wallets – please seek out references and use at your own risk.
Thank you for reading, and please share my blog with a friend!
Sources:
Advertisements
What is epilepsy? Will I have seizures forever?
You may have a lot of questions about epilepsy. We will help you understand the basics, answer the most common questions, and help you find resources and other information you may need. However, information alone won't help you manage your epilepsy and find a way to cope with the effects on your daily life. You'll need to learn how to use the information and make it work for you.
What is epilepsy?
Epilepsy is a neurological condition which affects the nervous system. Epilepsy is also known as a seizure disorder. It is usually diagnosed after a person has had at least two seizures (or after one seizure with a high risk for more) that were not caused by some known medical condition.
What are seizures?
Seizures seen in epilepsy are caused by disturbances in the electrical activity of the brain. The seizures in epilepsy may be related to a brain injury or a family tendency, but most of the time the cause is unknown…
Seizures are caused by disturbances in the electrical activity of the brain.
More People Living with Epilepsy in the U.S. Than Ever Before
Listen to an interview on Georgia Public Broadcasting with Rosemarie Kobau MPH of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Dr. Joe Sirven, epilepsy.com's editor-in-chief, about the number of people living with epilepsy in the U.S.
Facts about Epilepsy and Seizures
65 MILLION : Number of people around the world who have epilepsy.
: Number of people around the world who have epilepsy. 3.4 MILLION : Number of people in the United States who have epilepsy.
: Number of people in the United States who have epilepsy. 1 IN 26 people in the United States will develop epilepsy at some point in their lifetime.
people in the United States will develop epilepsy at some point in their lifetime. BETWEEN 4 AND 10 OUT OF 1,000 : Number of people on earth who live with active seizures at any one time.
: Number of people on earth who live with active seizures at any one time. 150,000 : Number of new cases of epilepsy in the United States each year
: Number of new cases of epilepsy in the United States each year ONE-THIRD : Number of people with epilepsy who live with uncontrollable seizures because no available treatment works for them.
: Number of people with epilepsy who live with uncontrollable seizures because no available treatment works for them. 6 OUT OF 10: Number of people with epilepsy where the cause is unknown.
Learn More
Resources
A few days ago I announced Skylight to the world. Skylight will be my third VR game, after Darknet and Tactera. I already wrote a bit about how this project started on Polygon, but I think it would be useful to describe the game in my own words.
In brief: Skylight is a VR turn-based tactics game in which you command a fleet of ships, ranging from hulking capital ships to tiny starfighters. It's like a giant Star Wars battle if the protagonist were Admiral Ackbar instead of Luke Skywalker. The details:
Gameplay
Skylight is designed to combine chaotic action with thoughtful strategy, and it does so through a simultaneous-turn structure. The game alternates between two phases. First, you issue orders to your ships (where to go, what to attack, when to use special abilities, etc.) while the battle is paused. Your opponent gets to issue orders to their own fleet at the same time. Then, once your master plans are complete, you sit back and watch the fleet follow all those orders for about 15 seconds of real-time fighting. After that, the battle pauses again and gives you a chance to issue new orders.
There are 12 ship types in the game, which are evenly divided among three classes: capital ships, frigates, and fighters. The capital ships are the most important and the most powerful. You only get a few of them in each battle, and the battle ends when a player loses all of their capital ships. That produces one of the game's common dilemmas: do you send your capital ships forward to fight, or hold back to protect them?
There are other key tactical choices to make. Do you group your ships up to focus your fire on certain enemy ships, or keep them spread out to avoid area-of-effect attacks? Should you try to strike an early knockout blow, or aim to survive a slow battle of attrition? Do you focus on the enemy's front line, or do you try to sneak bombers through and destroy the enemy capital ships first? You'll have to answer these kinds of questions as the battle evolves around you.
Presentation
Skylight depicts the battle through a futuristic holographic interface, with glowing miniature ships floating in the bridge of a spaceship. I loved the look of my previous game, Tactera, and players of that game will recognize the similarities.
With that said, there are some key differences too. While Tactera took place on a virtual tabletop with essentially 2D game logic, Skylight's battles take place in a fully 3D volume. As a result, it makes much greater use of virtual reality than either of my previous games. The extra depth cues of stereoscopic VR are critical to understanding what's happening in the game visually, and I find it very difficult to play the game on a flat screen (as I sometimes do during development).
On the audio side, the music is a treat. In keeping with the slower, more thoughtful feel of the game, the planning phase of the game features slow, space-y ambient music. However, when the turn is finished and the action starts up, this music transitions into fast-paced Drum & Bass electronica. You can get a sneak peek at the game's soundtrack here.
Plans
Although the schedule is ambitious (read: crazy), I'm currently planning to release Skylight before the year is out. As with my other games, I'll be launching on Gear VR only to start, but I aim to bring it to other VR platforms later on. (I suspect it would be great for the Vive or Oculus Touch!)
I haven't fully decided on the price, but I'm currently thinking about doing something a little different than the straightforward price tag that my other games had. In any case, it definitely won't be any more expensive than they were.
Skylight has been a blast to work on so far. I'm looking forward to fleshing it out over the next several weeks, and I can't wait to get it into the hands of real players. Keep an eye out for it!
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The scam relies on drivers using flashing headlights as an invitation to pull out
Motorists are being warned about a new insurance scam where criminals flash their lights to let other drivers out of a junction, then crash into them on purpose.
Anti-fraud experts are calling it "flash-for-cash".
The gangs tend to target new, smarter vehicles or vulnerable road users, including older people and women with children in the car.
The scam is costing insurers hundreds of millions of pounds every year.
It is a new tactic for an already well established crime, called "crash for cash", where criminals slam on the brakes for no reason so that the victim drives into the back of their car.
Police investigators said the criminals will often remove the bulbs in their brake lights so other road users don't know they're stopping.
However, "flash-for-cash" is more crafty, because it is harder to prove in court, often coming down to the innocent driver's word against the criminal's that they flashed their lights to let them out.
Fake claims
Each "accident" can net the gangs tens of thousands of pounds in a variety of ways.
Firstly, they put in false personal injury claims for whiplash, sometimes including claims for people who were not even in the car. Added to that, they might charge the insurance company for loss of earnings, then they put in fake bills for vehicle storage, recovery, repairs, and replacement car hire.
Detective Inspector Dave Hindmarsh from the Metropolitan Police is an expert at catching them out. He says this kind of crime costs the industry a fortune and, as ever, it's the honest, insurance-paying motorist who is footing the bill,
"The problem is a growing problem. Financially it costs insurers £392m a year - that impacts on motorists as it's an extra £50 to £100 on every person's premium so that's a financial cost.
"[There are] emotional costs [as] if you're involved in a crash you could well lose your confidence, and if your passengers are children they may well become wary of being passengers in cars, and of course you may get injured or killed."
This latest "flash-for-cash" warning has come from Asset Protection Unit (APU), a company which helps the police and the insurance industry investigate fraud. Neil Thomas at APU says the criminals pick on people who are not going to put up a fight,
"Perhaps single females in the car with children in the back, perhaps doing the school run. Where they know there's going to be no resistance, no real argument at the scene. The children are going to be upset".
Good intentions
Generally speaking, drivers are not meant to flash their lights to let people out onto busy roads. It is meant to be used as a warning.
The Highway Code says: "Flashing headlights. Only flash your headlights to let other road users know that you are there. Do not flash your headlights to convey any other message or intimidate other road users. Never assume that flashing headlights is a signal inviting you to proceed. Use your own judgement and proceed carefully."
However, the reality is that most people do use it as a friendly gesture, and law-abiding motorists feel it's a shame that something that is meant to be so positive, a rare show of good manners on the road, is now being abused by criminals.
The police and fraud experts believe that by raising awareness, and making people more wary, there is a good chance many drivers won't take the bait when the criminals lay a trap.
NVIDIA has just released a new driver for its graphics cards. According to the release notes, this driver is optimized and offers the optimal gaming experience for Prey, Battlezone, and the Gears of War 4 multi-GPU update.
In addition, this new driver adds SLI profiles for Sniper: Ghost Warrior 3 and Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War III.
Furthermore, the NVIDIA GeForce 382.05 WHQL driver resolves some SLI issues in No Man's Sky and World of Tanks, resolves the black screen issues that could occur upon a cold boot up, and enables extended displays to enter sleep mode in multi-display configurations.
Those interested can download this new driver from here.
And here are the release notes for the NVIDIA GeForce 382.05 WHQL driver:
Game Ready
Provides the optimal gaming experience for Prey, Battlezone, and the Gears of War 4
Multi-GPU Update.
Application SLI Profiles
Added or updated the following SLI profiles:
Sniper: Ghost Warrior 3
Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War III
3D Vision Profiles Added or updated the following 3DV profiles:
Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War III – Not recommended
Fixed Issues:
[SLI][No Man's Sky – with The Foundation Update 1.10 patch]: With SLI enabled, there is texture corruption in the game. [200257478]
[SLI][GeForce GTX 670][World of Tanks]: In SLI mode, blue-screen crash occurs when pressing Alt+Tab during the game. [1895732]]
[GeForce GTX 1080 Ti][Gears of War]: After the bootup movies, blue-screen crash occurs pointing to nvlddmkm.sys. [1914184]
The NVIDIA Control Panel in the Windows desktop context menu, as well as the NVIDIA system tray icon, may be absent. [200298863/1906498]
System may hang at a black screen upon cold boot up. [1913854]
In a multi-display configuration, the extended displays are unable to enter sleep mode. [1902053]
CLOSE The Renaissance Hotel in Downtown Phoenix is offering $50,000 and six months of free rent for a restaurant start-up. Bryan West | 12 News
The space formerly occupied by a Starbucks at the Renaissance Phoenix Downtown Hotel is up for grabs in a contest. (Photo: Jeremiah Toller/Special for azcentral.com)
This time, it's an independent restaurant that's taking over a Starbucks.
Marriott has an empty space, formerly Starbucks, on the ground floor of the Renaissance Phoenix Downtown Hotel, 50 E. Adams St., Phoenix. And that's where the global hotel company wants a local entrepreneur to open his or her dream restaurant.
Through a program called Canvas, Marriott will award a person or group $50,000 in start-up funds, free rent for six months and free consultation from the company's food and beverage personnel.
Submissions, which can be made at canvas-startup.com, are open until Friday, Jan. 16. Those interested must fill out an application form, explaining points such as how the concept is relevant to the local market. They must upload a video and a business plan as well.
A judging panel will select several finalists, based on creativity, passion, marketing plan and profitability potential. Those chosen must be available for in-person interviews on Wednesday, Jan. 28, and Thursday, Jan. 29.
A winner is expected to be announced before Super Bowl Sunday, Feb. 1. The restaurant target opening date is in April.
Questions can be emailed to Dana.Pellicano@marriott.com.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1B0r5Ge
The Crown has won a small early victory in the case against Byron Sonne, the computer expert accused of plotting to attack the G20 summit last year.
As a prelude to Mr. Sonne's trial proper, the defence is arguing that police violated his Charter rights on numerous occasions, and that as a result, much of the evidence against him should be thrown out. The first Charter argument pertained to Mr. Sonne's initial detention by police, when he was questioned downtown after being seen photographing the G20 security fence in the summer of 2010.
The Crown and defence agreed Mr. Sonne was improperly detained, but were at odds over the timing of the detention. The defence said it began when police cornered Mr. Sonne, creating the perception that he could not leave. The Crown contended the detention only began when a police officer improperly threatened to arrest Mr. Sonne for jaywalking if he failed to identify himself.
[np-related]
On Thursday, Justice Nancy Spies rejected the defence position, meaning statements Mr. Sonne gave before the “jaywalking ruse” began would be admissible at trial.
Mr. Sonne, a Forest Hill computer expert, stands charged with possessing explosive substances and counselling others to commit mischief. Supporters argue the accused, who meticulously documented G20 security measures and mused online about how to subvert them, was simply exploring the limits of summit security.
Judge Spies is expected to rule next week on a number of other Charter issues, including the defence assertion that the search warrant executed at Mr. Sonne's home was invalid.
National Post
• Email: motoole@nationalpost.com | Twitter: megan_otoole
The Government has urged the public to exercise extreme caution this evening with weather forecasts on red and orange alert for freezing rain from late afternoon.
The North of Luxembourg is on red alert, meaning that more than 15cm of snow or more than 1 l/m2 of precipitation is expected to fall in 12 hours. Residents in this region are advised, if possible, to stay at home and only attempt to travel if absolutely necessary. If travel is required, it is recommended to listen to local radio stations and inform friends and family of the travel destination, as well as to bring equipment needed if waiting next to your vehicle on the road. The arrival of freezing rain could also mean that power lines become damaged, in which case it is best to have emergency lighting, such as candles and torches, as well as a reserve of drinking water, ready.
The South of Luxembourg is on orange alert, meaning that between 5 and 15cm of snow or precipitation lower than 1 l/m2 is expected to fall in 12 hours. Although not as severe as red alert, the authorities are asking southern residents to also exercise extreme caution when travelling, and to favour public transport over individual vehicles.
In both cases, it is best to remove snow from pavements and salt them, as well as avoid obstructing manholes and drains.
For more information, visit http://www.infocrise.public.lu/fr/intemperies/intemperies-comportements-a-adopter/neige-ou-precipitations-verglacantes/index.html
Photo by Shutterstock
AMD recently announced that it will be partnering with EA to bring Mantle to new game titles. AMD already works with EA to bring Mantle to titles such as Battlefield 4 but in the near future AMD and EA will also be cooperating to bring Mantle to Battlefield Hardline, Dragon Age: Inquisition and Plants vs. Zombies: Garden Warfare. All three titles are powered by EA's Frostbite 3 engine which incidentally also powers Battlefield 4. Those three games now mean that the Mantle API is supported by more than 40 games.
AMD's Mantle API continues to pick up speed with its adoption. AMD's Mantle has had some notable successes of late such as being supported by the CryEngine in March (the same engine used by most Crytek games and featured in some Far Cry titles) and being supported by the upcoming Civilization: Beyond Earth title. Despite Microsoft's announcement of an equivalent low-level API back in late March, DirectX 12, AMD's Mantle has continued to receive extended attention from game developers.
Source: AMD PR
Image courtesy of eTeknix
Following criticism, U.S.-based online retail giant Amazon stopped sales of a Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) militant publication online.
A day earlier, an article in online current affairs site The Daily Caller revealed the sale of the magazines, which were available to purchase in paperback form on Amazon sites in the U.S., UK, Germany, France, Italy and Spain. It can be downloaded for free elsewhere.
The magazine, entitled Dabiq, is produced by the group's media arm, called the Al-Hayat Media Center. Al-Hayat is also responsible for the production and distribution of media content including brutal videos showing the beheading and torture of several Western journalists and aid workers.
ISIS uses publications such as Dabiq and social media strategies to recruit Westerners into its ranks.
Amazon's page showing the various issues of the ISIS militant publication with it's sleek and glossy covers. (Photo courtesy: International Business Times)
The latest copy of Dabiq is entitled “They plot and Allah plots,” in a reference the efforts towards Gulf states and Western powers to strike against the group.
The issue, contained an article justifying the militant group's use of sex slaves, and contained the line: “maybe Michelle Obama's price [on the sex slave market] won't even exceed a third of a dinar, and a third of a dinar is too much for her!”
The May issue of the magazine claimed that the group was capable of obtaining a nuclear weapon from “states like Pakistan.”
“The Islamic State has billions of dollars in the bank, so they call on their wilayah [official] in Pakistan to purchase a nuclear device through weapons dealers with links to corrupt officials in the region,” the article read.
Not to blame
Michael Ryan, a scholar at the Washington-based Middle East Institute and former U.S. government official, said that internet giants such as Amazon are not to blame for inadvertently promoting militant propaganda.
“Every ISIS member with a smartphone is potentially a propaganda center able to use Twitter or other apps to put up material almost immediately,” he said.
“The only way one could stop it in real time is to take down the Internet in a country or locale, which is counterproductive in a modern country that depends on the Internet for commerce and public services.”
Abeer al-Najjar, a media studies academic at the UAE-based American University of Sharjah, said that Amazon and other web firms such as Google, Youtube and Twitter, have a responsibility for the content on offer.
“They hold some responsibility in the sense of how to regulate and how to organize,” she told Al Arabiya News “Especially when it comes to values that are commonly agreed upon from international organizations.”
The seller was listed as CreateSpace Independent Publishing Platform, an Amazon subsidiary that allows members of the public to sell and distribute books. Amazon did not yet respond to a request for comment by Al Arabiya News.
Last Update: Sunday, 7 June 2015 KSA 22:43 - GMT 19:43
Mars got a dramatic facelift billions years ago, thanks to a volcanic eruption so large that it actually caused the Red Planet to tilt by as much as 25 degrees.
The findings are helping scientists better understand the early history of Mars, a time from 3 to 3.5 billion years ago when life may have emerged. The massive eruption from what is known as the Tharsis volcanic dome – the largest of its kind in the solar system – would also help explain why rivers formed where they are today as well as why underground reservoirs of water ice are located far from the poles of Mars.
Related: Mars in three days? NASA touts new propulsion system
Writing in the journal Nature, a team of mainly French scientists concluded that an eruption from Tharsis caused the outer layers of Mars – its crust and mantle – to rotate around the core. The idea of the outer layers shifting been predicted in theoretical models but never demonstrated.
The Tharsis volcanic dome, the scientists wrote, began to form over 3.7 billion years ago and volcanic activity continued for several hundred million years. As a result, a massive plateau formed that exceeded 3,100 miles in diameter, with a thickness of about 7.5 miles and a mass of a billion billion tons – or 1/70th the mass of the Moon.
This mass was so huge that it caused Mars' crust and mantle to swivel around. As a result, the Tharsis dome shifted to the equator, corresponding to its new equilibrium position.
The findings would also shed light on the source of the river beds found on Mars.
Related: Mapping Mars: Digital landscape shows contours, legend
According to this new scenario, the period of liquid water stability that allowed the formation of river valleys most likely resulted from the volcanic activity of the Tharsis dome, the scientists wrote. Most rivers would have flowed from the cratered highlands of the southern hemisphere to the low plains of the northern hemisphere. Rain, ice and snow would have been commonplace during this time, they said.
“In light of our results, we conclude that precipitation occurred during the birth and growth of the Tharsis bulge rather than when its activity was declining,” they wrote in the Nature study. “Such a scenario is more plausible than the post-Tharsis formation of valley networks, considering early degassing and progressive depletion of volatiles in the mantle source. The calculated pre-Tharsis topographic map of Mars provides a framework within which to examine the first billion years of its geological history.”
ACTS 27:13-38
« Acts 26 | Acts 27 | Acts 28 »
The Storm at Sea
13 Now when the south wind blew gently, supposing that they had obtained their purpose, they weighed anchor and sailed along Crete, close to the shore.
14 But soon a tempestuous wind, called the northeaster, struck down from the land.
15 And when the ship was caught and could not face the wind, we gave way to it and were driven along.
16 Running under the lee of a small island called Cauda, we managed with difficulty to secure the ship's boat.
17 After hoisting it up, they used supports to undergird the ship. Then, fearing that they would run aground on the Syrtis, they lowered the gear, and thus they were driven along.
18 Since we were violently storm-tossed, they began the next day to jettison the cargo.
19 And on the third day they threw the ship's tackle overboard with their own hands.
20 When neither sun nor stars appeared for many days, and no small tempest lay on us, all hope of our being saved was at last abandoned.
21 Since they had been without food for a long time, Paul stood up among them and said, “Men, you should have listened to me and not have set sail from Crete and incurred this injury and loss.
22 Yet now I urge you to take heart, for there will be no loss of life among you, but only of the ship.
23 For this very night there stood before me an angel of the God to whom I belong and whom I worship,
24 and he said, ‘Do not be afraid, Paul; you must stand before Caesar. And behold, God has granted you all those who sail with you.'
25 So take heart, men, for I have faith in God that it will be exactly as I have been told.
26 But we must run aground on some island.”
27 When the fourteenth night had come, as we were being driven across the Adriatic Sea, about midnight the sailors suspected that they were nearing land.
28 So they took a sounding and found twenty fathoms. A little farther on they took a sounding again and found fifteen fathoms.
29 And fearing that we might run on the rocks, they let down four anchors from the stern and prayed for day to come.
30 And as the sailors were seeking to escape from the ship, and had lowered the ship's boat into the sea under pretense of laying out anchors from the bow,
31 Paul said to the centurion and the soldiers, “Unless these men stay in the ship, you cannot be saved.”
32 Then the soldiers cut away the ropes of the ship's boat and let it go.
33 As day was about to dawn, Paul urged them all to take some food, saying, “Today is the fourteenth day that you have continued in suspense and without food, having taken nothing.
34 Therefore I urge you to take some food. For it will give you strength, for not a hair is to perish from the head of any of you.”
35 And when he had said these things, he took bread, and giving thanks to God in the presence of all he broke it and began to eat.
36 Then they all were encouraged and ate some food themselves.
37 (We were in all 276 persons in the ship.)
38 And when they had eaten enough, they lightened the ship, throwing out the wheat into the sea.
« Acts 26 | Acts 27 | Acts 28 »
#351 Japan Featherweight
We love exploring the extremes of selvedge denim. They represent a totally unique denim experience, and that's what any selvedge denim lover appreciates. We've gone monstrously heavy, up to 26 ounces, to get that huge weight, bombproof feel. Today however, we're showing you the other end of the spectrum. This is the Japan Featherweight and it's a selvedge denim experience you need to have.
We recommend sizing down one for a fitted look, or keep your typical Gustin size for a more relaxed fit.
At first glance, Japan Featherweight stands out as a stellar, traditional raw denim. A bright indigo warp and crisp white weft give it a lively and classic surface. The overall color takes on a true union blue shade that's very vintage. The starched base gives it that classic raw denim shine and you'd pick up on some nice creases behind the knees that set in after just a day of wear. It's a stellar fabric just from the surface appearance. But that alone is not what makes this denim a true experience.
At a feathery 6 ounces, this is hands-down the lightest weight selvedge denim we've ever offered. The feel is totally unique. It's instantly comfortable in a way that you wouldn't believe raw denim could ever be. You can move easily in it and sense how well it will breath. The weight makes it the most wearable warm weather denim we've tried. What's greatest is how the breezy feel is balanced with a true raw denim look.
This is definitely the best of both worlds on a warm day and a denim experience you don't want to miss.
*Note unlike most brands we don't use vanity sizing for our pants. If you're a first time customer we highly recommend checking out our fit guide.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Not many people have noticed, but something very interesting has happened within the right wing of American politics. It seems that not everyone likes the poster child for winger rage, Glenn Beck. World Net Daily and Beck have been trading shots and jabs for months now, because Beck has been mocking the birthers, who have in turn labeled Beck a left winger.
For months, Beck has been tearing apart the birthers. In January, Beck called the birther conspiracy the dumbest thing that he is ever heard. Here is the audio:
Beck said that birtherism relies on the idea that Obama, “Didn't preemptively plant as a story as a newborn that maybe he was born in the United States of America.” Beck said, “As the guy who the media says is the king of conspiracy theories, all I do are forward conspiracy theories. Let me forward this conspiracy, he was born here because it seems a little unlikely that somebody planted the birth records in the newspapers. Now you would say why doesn't he just produce? Good question that one kept me up for minutes.”
Of course this has led the folks over at World Net Daily aka Birther Central to attack Beck. The top story on their website today makes the case that Glenn Beck is a liberal because in a recent interview he said, “You'd be an idiot not to notice the temperature change,” and he pointed out that he uses energy efficient products in his home.”
However, that is not the only reason that Beck is a liberal according to WND. There is also the fact that he likes George Clooney, who is a liberal, “Beck also has lots of friends on the other side of the political spectrum, he reveals in the USA Weekend piece. He calls George Clooney “a good, honest man.” Beck says the two of them had an extended conversation about the genocide in Darfur.”
WND wants its readers to believe that Beck is not a real winger because he uses certain products and he knows some liberals, which is a ridiculous cover argument for the true source of their anger. Glenn Beck has not only rejected the birthers. He treats them like they are a total joke. Glenn Beck will take a ride with almost any conspiracy theory, but not the birthers.
What this spat illustrates is the split between the tea baggers and the birthers. As the tea party movement has been co-opted and mainstreamed by the GOP, many of the fringe right wingers that make up the party's base are growing increasingly disgruntled. A birther and tea bagger are not always one in the same, and they both appear ready to do battle over the future ideology of the GOP.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
A Las Vegas-based self-driving shuttle service celebrated its launch day by getting into an accident with a human driver, according to a news report from local Nevada broadcast station KSNV News 3. The shuttle, made by French startup Navya and owned and operated by French private transportation company Keolis, operates on a 0.6-mile loop around downtown Las Vegas offering free rides to residents. Within an hour of starting its new expanded operation today, following a two-week pilot test back in January, the shuttle hit the front end of a large delivery truck as the human driver pulled out into the street from a loading bay.
A spokesperson for AAA, which is working with Las Vegas and Keolis to sponsor the program and survey driver attitudes toward autonomous vehicles, confirmed on Twitter that the accident was actually the truck driver's fault. As is the case with a vast majority of accidents involving driverless cars, you can chalk this one up to human error. Luckily, only the front bumper of the shuttle was damaged, and none of the eight passengers or the truck driver were injured.
A representative of the Las Vegas city government posted a note on its official Tumblr page further describing the incident:
The autonomous shuttle was testing today when it was grazed by a delivery truck downtown. The shuttle did what it was supposed to do, in that it's sensors registered the truck and the shuttle stopped to avoid the accident. Unfortunately the delivery truck did not stop and grazed the front fender of the shuttle. Had the truck had the same sensing equipment that the shuttle has the accident would have been avoided. Testing of the shuttle will continue during the 12-month pilot in the downtown Innovation District. The shuttle will remain out of service for the rest of the day. The driver of the truck was cited by Metro.
It's good to know that testing is confirmed to continue. Keolis' service marks the country's first ever driverless public transportation option, and it feels largely indicative of how a majority of Americans will first interact with autonomous cars. While the crash will undoubtedly stoke fear among the more paranoid, artificial intelligence-fearing crowd, the best way to prove the viability of self-driving vehicles is to get more of them on public roads where passengers and drivers alike can experience the technology.
Sydney FC star Milos Ninkovic turned down an opportunity to make a shock return to the Serbian national team, choosing instead to focus on his club career in the A-League rather than target another World Cup.
The 31-year-old put himself in the frame for a recall to the Serbian team for the recent November international fixtures following his scintillating start to the season with the Sky Blues where he has topped the club's scoring charts from midfield.
Officials from Serbia contacted Ninkovic last month, expressing their interest in bringing him back into the squad before the recent World Cup qualifier against Wales and friendly against Ukraine. However, Ninkovic turned down the chance to play alongside some of world football's biggest names such as Nemanja Matic, Branislav Ivanovic and Adem Ljajic, citing the difficult travel load required to balance club and international duty as too great a burden.
In moving to Australia, Ninkovic effectively retired form international football as he is not prepared to battle the frequent travel to and from Europe while playing in a competition that doesn't break for FIFA international windows. He made 28 appearances for Serbia and played in the 2010 World Cup, but confirmed his international days are over when approached again by the Serbian Football Association (FSS) last month.
Russell Street Report Filmstudy Tavon Young Nets & Skins Dolphins
The broad contributions from the Ravens' rookie class have led the team quickly back into contention after a difficult 2015.
Tavon Young moved to the top of that rookie class with his performance against the Dolphins.
CBS announcer Kevin Harlan made the point (in the form of a question to Rich Gannon) that Ryan Tannehill often looks to just 1 read and throws to him. On Sunday, Tannehill did not often even look to the right side of the field and threw to Young's side just a handful of times.
Let's review:
(Q1, 7:48) Young was alone in coverage of Jarvis Landry near the right numbers. Landry slipped returning for the football and Tavon burst up to knock it away for a PD to deny 3rd and 2.
(Q1, 1:58) Young had press coverage of Kenny Stills slot right. Stills ran an out route and Williams took advantage of the pick provided by Young's coverage to separate from Orr for a 6-yard completion. Young covered well; this was simply an effectively designed rub.
(Q1, 0:47) The Dolphins ran one of many WR screens to the right and Young was blocked by Stills. Jerraud Powers spun Landry and Orr finished him with a big hit for no gain.
(Q2,11:33) On 3rd and 12, Tannehill passed short right to Williams for a gain of just 2. Tavon undercut him hard and hurt his shoulder in the process. He missed the last Dolphins drive of the first half (5 plays)
(Q3, 7:35) With the Ravens playing zone, Young had short on far right. He handed off the clearing receiver Drake, then returned to take down Sims for a gain of just 2 (1 + 1 YAC) with a controlled, low tackle. Sims lists at 6'4”, 271 (94 lbs. heavier than Tavon), but Young felled him and Powers added a hit for good measure. Normally, we have seen Tavon go in low and very hard on such receivers, but this may have been a case where his approach changed after his first-half injury.
(Q3, 5:56) Tannehill took a 9-yard sack on a boot right from Matt Judon, who was not fooled by zone blocking to the left. The play was designed to provide the Dolphins QB with 3 (or 4) targets on the right side of the field, but all were well covered, including Stills by Young with help from Lardarius Webb. Tannehill should have thrown the ball away, but the top view shows an outstanding team coverage effort.
(Q3, 2:42) Young had coverage of Stills on the outside, but appeared to diagnose the screen to Landry. Stills flagrantly held him as he moved up to make the play, but no flag was thrown and the play went for a gain of 7 (-3 + 10 YAC).
(Q3, 1:09) On 2nd and 22, the Dolphins ran another WR screen, this time to DeVante Parker on the right, who was initially covered on the outside by Young. Parker looped back behind the 2 slot receivers to make the catch for a gain of 9 (1 + 8 YAC) as Landry blocked Tavon. Powers was the player with a chance to penetrate past the 2 slot receivers and deserves coverage responsibility, but this was a high percentage completion.
(Q3, 14:42) Following the Dolphins' only touchdown, Tavon had coverage of Landry on the 2-point conversion. Landry's initial route went to the goal line, but the proximity of Young's coverage forced him to step out for the reception. Tavon then pushed him backwards and C.J. Mosley pushed him out of bounds to deny the conversion.
(Q3, 11:34) The Ravens played a 6-man zone coverage with 5 rushing. Young initially covered Stills before releasing him to the inside. By then, Tannehill had been flushed, and Judon had missed the sack, before Brent Urban finally cleaned up.
(Q4, 7:27) On 3rd and 10, Tannehill looked right for Stills who ran an out by the sideline. Powers undercut the ball for the interception, but he was able to gamble because Young had tight coverage over the top. The play was badly telegraphed by Tannehill who never looked left and quickly gave up on Landry, who slipped while covered by Mosley between the numbers and right hash.
Looking at this game, it's hard to see how Tannehill accumulated 9 TDs and 1 interception during the Dolphins' winning streak. The Dolphins pass game included a large number of short, high percentage passes in this game, but Tannehill is readable and Ravens got their hands on 7 passes. Webb's interception was a rare thing of beauty, but the interceptions by Eric Weddle (tipped by Powers) and Powers (undercut of stare down) are the type that get repeated.
In total, Young was targeted 3 times among 38 pass snaps where he was on the field. He allowed 2 receptions for 4 yards plus 1 pass defensed. He was a key part of the coverage that created both sacks. He denied a 2-point conversion with a play that doesn't count for statistical purposes, but was outstanding nonetheless.
This is another skin on the wall for Tavon Young, who can now fairly be called the best Ravens rookie – and it's difficult to argue he's not the team's best cornerback.
Granting such temporary immunity may seem unprecedented. It's not. Under the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, federal law already protects soldiers and sailors by providing "for the temporary suspension of judicial and administrative proceedings and transactions that may adversely affect" them during their military service. Tailoring a new law to protect the president would ensure that the commander in chief, no less than our men and women in the armed forces, may "devote [his or her] entire energy to the defense [and civilian] needs of the Nation." Any statute of limitations, federal or state, could also be suspended, or "tolled," for the presidential term, meaning that such limits would not prevent parties from pursuing their claims after President Trump left office. (The law might have to make some exceptions — for divorce, or child custody decisions, for example.)
High court says schools did not show that receiving students from failing school districts would be "impossible."
School officials are waiting for further legal advice from their own attorneys.
The rate of discipline incidents nearly doubled between 2009 and 2012.
School transfer case
• What does the law say?
The law, upheld by the Supreme Court last week, allows students in unaccredited school districts to transfer to any district in the same county or an adjacent county. Their home districts pay the tuition.
• Who can transfer?
As of now, the unaccredited districts in the state are Normandy, Riverview Gardens and Kansas City.
• When does this take effect?
Immediately. Students can enroll in new districts this year.
• How many kids are affected?
Thousands. There are more than 11,000 students enrolled in Normandy and Riverview Gardens, but the number of school-age kids in those areas actually tops 16,000 (not all are enrolled).
• Where will the students transfer?
No one knows. But a key decision will come later this summer; Normandy and Riverview Gardens can each pick one district where they will bus students who want to transfer. That could determine where the bulk of kids go.
Detroit Police Chief James Craig speaks on the shooting of 4-year-old during a month in which two other children, 3 and 6 months of age, died as a result of gun violence.
In less than a month, two Detroit children have been killed and another injured by gun violence.
The spike in violence involving children prompted Detroit Police Chief James Craig, with anti-violence activists, pastors and a representative from Mothers of Murdered Children, to address the public about a strengthened plan to combat random and senseless violence.
"Outrage is not the word, my heart is broken," said Brenda Hill, president of Mothers of Murdered Children. "We've had three babies -- two dead -- since Easter, and so everybody in this community is feeling the grief."
She lost her 22-year-old son to Detroit shooting violence in 2009.
"We're going to change the course of history," Hill said. "This will no longer happen ... Please join us. It won't stop with the police. It has to stop with us."
A'Naiya Montgomery, 3, was killed in a March 27, 2016 shooting at a home on Riverview Avenue in Detroit. Three men are charged in the Easter morning attack.
A'Naiya Montgomery, 3, died after being struck with multiple bullets inside her home Easter morning.
Six-month-old Miracle Murray died after being struck in the back during a drive-by shooting on April 16.
And on Sunday, a 4-year-old boy was shot while outside with his 24-year-old father, who was killed by the gunfire.
Three men were arrested in connection with killing of A'Naiya.
Miracle's mother has said her son is one of the suspects involved in that shooting.
Detroit police said the killings of Miracle and A'Naiya appear to be connected, although they said Monday there is no known connection with the shooting of a 4-year-old boy last weekend.
"When we look at today, especially when we talk about the death of a 6-month-old murdered as she sat in a stroller, when we talk about a 3-year-old who was robbed of the opportunity to pursue her life's ambition, and a 4-year-old who will forever be afflicted by the memory and tragic circumstances of senseless violence that unfolded before her eyes ... I cannot sit here, I cannot stand here without demonstrating a sense of outrage," Detroit Police Chief James Craig said Monday afternoon.
"I believe that the suspect in every one of them, that the suspects knew or should have known that when they used a weapon and they used a gun they were putting children in harm's way," Craig said.
Regarding Sunday's shooting, "We believe that the suspects intended in some respect to shoot this child riding a bike ... "
In response to the violence, Craig said officers are targeting two sections in Detroit's Eighth Precinct, located on the west side, where violence has "spiked."
He wouldn't elaborate, but said there will be a concerted and strategic effort to combat crime there, and the effort will continue to move to other targeted areas throughout the city.
Craig equated this new strategy to a prolonged Operation Restore Order effort. Restore Order was a previous series of one-day blitz's in neighborhoods and housing complexes where crime was rampant.
The chief said it's about "taking back neighborhoods, one neighborhood at a time."
The Detroit 300 anti-crime organization, the Detroit Police Crime Reduction Team, neighborhood police, reservists, churches and neighborhood watch programs will be part of the anti-violence program, police said.
"The key to this though, this is collaborative approach," Craig said. "A police department ... cannot be on every block, every corner 24 hours a day, but what we do know is those neighborhoods that flourish are those that ... have stakeholders that join the fight to make the neighborhood safe."
Craig said that while anti-violence marches are "well-intentioned... they do not work."
The approach in the Eighth Precinct involves three tiers: Increased enforcement, community mobilization and street advocacy, working with would-be criminals to defuse violence before it has an opportunity to erupt.
"I'm doing vigils at night you all don't even hear about," said Pastor Maurice "Pastor Mo" Hardwick, who joined Craig in the announcement. "There's too much arguing. Do not shoot this city up. Do not kill our babies ... We're asking you to stand down."
Hardwick said he and others plan to reach out to high-risk members of the community to try and create a nonviolent means for people to work out differences without gun violence.
Hardwick's organization is also putting out a "peace treaty" citywide, "urging young urban Detroiters to take responsibility for (themselves), their community, for their family, to honor their family, their elders, and to be productive," he said. "And in schools, do not make (Detroit Public Schools) an embarrassment or a battleground."
Last week, the group New Era Detroit, another activist organization combating violence, published a somewhat controversial Street Code, a set of rules for dealing with "beefs" and other illegal street activity.
It says no shootings should take place near parks, schools, or parties; there should be no drug "slinging" to children or pregnant women -- "that's genocide of our people," the code says -- and absolutely no targeting of children or shootings when children are present.
Street Code creators say they are taking a "realistic" approach to the city's problems and attempting to mitigate it.
Craig called the code "well-meaning" but added while talking to Fox 2 News: "Have we become so desensitized to violence or crime that certain crimes are OK? The code addresses these safe zones or neutral zones where we don't shoot. Well, how about no shooting, period."
Like hundreds of other nursing students in Liberia, Jerry Songu should have been beginning his internship this month, the final step to graduating and earning his license. Instead, he has chosen to put his studies and future career on hold.
“Ebola has no boundaries,” the 36-year-old, who is in his third year of nursing school at the Caldwell Community Nursing School in the capital Monrovia, told IRIN. “It is killed registered nurses and it can also kill practising nurses. So this is nothing to play with.”
“For me, I have resolved to wait until everything [the Ebola outbreak] is totally over,” he said. “My life is important and I must do everything to protect it. Big [senior] doctors died in this country from Ebola and who am I to take the risk? I am just a student. No rush now.”
Liberia was in dire need of more doctors and nurses before the Ebola outbreak began. The health system has struggled to rebuild followed the 1999-2003 civil war that left hundreds of thousands dead and destroyed the country's infrastructure. A lack of good schools and training as well as depressed wages meant recovery in the medical sector was painfully slow.
Then the country lost nearly 200 health workers during the deadly Ebola outbreak, which killed more than 11,000 people across West Africa. Now the situation is getting even more desperate as many Liberians considering a medical career are being put off because they're afraid of catching the virus.
Songu certainly isn't alone. Before the outbreak, the country averaged around 1,000 nursing students per year. Just 400 or so have signed up this year.
Morris Nyanfore is a nursing teacher in Monrovia. He said that when he told his students about the internship, most of them were reluctant to sign up. “We told them everything they needed to do [to protect themselves] when they go into the hospital,” he said. “But most of them expressed fear of contracting the disease.”
Weighing the risk
Ebola was first confirmed in Liberia on 30 March 2014. The country was briefly declared Ebola-free in May 2015, but on 30 June the outbreak resurfaced. No new cases have been reported since mid-July.
More than two dozen medical interns assigned at various health facilities across the country died in 2014 after contracting Ebola, local authorities say. At least 192 Liberian health workers have died in all.
Health officials here have begun trying to reassure nursing students that the risk of contracting Ebola is quite low. Although, there is no special program in place to assist those who want to become nurses or doctors, the government has been providing additional protective equipment and teaching students how to protect themselves against the virus.
But, for many, this isn't enough.
“Our administrators need to be sensible and wait a while before sending us for the internship,” 28-year-old Martha Clinton, a second-year nursing student at the Community Nursing School on Bushrod Island in the outskirts of Monrovia, told IRIN. “Just the other day Ebola resurfaced in this country when we were not expecting it. This thing can come and go.”
Clinton is also refusing to start her internship until Ebola is completely gone from the region.
“I know it is very important to do my internship, but I am also scared of Ebola,” she said. “I don't want to be another victim like my colleagues who went for an internship last year…. Our neighbours are still experiencing Ebola. Why are we in a rush to do this? We need to wait a bit…. My life comes first.”
Nurses in Liberia earn up to just $125 each month at public hospitals and $150 at private clinics. It is an amount many see as too low to justify such risk, and no more than several other safer professions would pay.
“I am finding it very hard to make this decision [to start my internship],” 31-year-old Monrovia nursing student Annie Wlojo, told IRIN. “I have two young children and I am the only one providing for their needs…. I don't want my kids to suffer [if I die from Ebola]. So I have decided to wait until another time before I can make that decision to go for the internship.”
‘Our country needs us'
Despite the pervasive fear, there are still some nursing students who are willing to continue their studies for the sake of helping others.
“Yes, it was a difficult decision to make,” said 34-year-old Joe Smith, who just began his internship at the Redemption Hospital in New Kru Town. “I thought it over many times but later decided to go. I think this is the time our country really needs us.”
Marconi Collins, a nursing intern at the same hospital, told IRIN that even though she is scared of Ebola, she is prepared to serve people who are sick.
“If we all decided not to do the internship, then where is this country headed?” she asked. “I know Ebola is bad, but we need to serve humanity…. I wear my PPEs [personal protection equipment] and I make sure I don't touch patients with my bare hands. I avoid touching all [bodily] fluids. We need to help our own people because we can't expect foreigners to come to our county to serve our people.”
pc/jl/ag
“So long as there remains one who still rages in the name of justice and truth, the galaxy shall yet know hope.”
–Ragnar Blackmane
Fantasy Flight Games is proud to announce The Howl of Blackmane, the first War Pack in the Warlord cycle for Warhammer 40,000: Conquest!
The Howl of Blackmane introduces sixty new cards to expand your battles in the grim and gritty future of Warhammer 40,000: Conquest. You'll find a battle-ready new Space Marine warlord with his eight-card signature squad offering new ideas for conquering the Traxis sector. Additionally, you'll find three copies each of seventeen different cards that invite you to join the ranks of the Inquisition, experiment with heretical technology, or embark upon a sector-spanning Waaagh!
As the first pack of the Warlord cycle, The Howl of Blackmane brings your warlords to the forefront of your battles in the Traxis sector. New warlords are introduced in every War Pack, leading bloodthirsty armies, and bringing new strategies for achieving victory. You'll find more than new warlords, however. Other cards introduced in The Howl of Blackmane and throughout the cycle put the focus directly on your warlord, whether by granting benefits to your other forces, orchestrating army movements, or exhausting to trigger powerful tactics.
In addition to powerful new warlords, the Warlord cycle introduces our new LCG® packaging to Warhammer 40,000: Conquest War Packs! This packaging is molded plastic, but every War Pack still contains the full complement of sixty cards.
Throughout the War Packs of the Warlord cycle, every faction receives a new warlord, ranging from an Imperial Inquisitor to an Eldar Phoenix Lord, and each of these new champions encourages the exploration of a new style of play.
For more on The Howl of Blackmane and the main themes of the Warlord cycle, we turn to developer Brad Andres.
Developer Brad Andres on the Warlord Cycle
Throughout the Warlord cycle, we explored the impact of warlords upon the game. These powerful warriors and leaders are the lifeblood of Conquest, and the design of a new warlord meant defining how the warlord would play the game.
Throughout the cycle, we needed to answer questions ranging from, “How will this warlord try to win?” to “What makes this warlord unique compared to others in the same faction?” Each warlord and its signature squad brings a new deck type to the table, ripe for expansion with the addition of other cards in the cycle.
The first of these new warlords is the Wolf Lord, Ragnar Blackmane (The Howl of Blackmane, 1). Ragnar is designed to hunt down your opponent's warlord by engaging it in battle as much as possible. The strategy of hunting is a perfect thematic fit for the Space Wolves; these Space Marines were engineered to murder empires and tear apart anyone that stands in the way of the Imperium. Ragnar's signature unit, the Blackmane Sentinel (The Howl of Blackmane, 2), continues the theme of hunting down your rivals. A Blackmane Sentinel is a fearsome unit that can move from anywhere on the board to corner a warlord wherever Ragnar tracks it. Even if you can't guess the location of your opponent's warlord on the first try, Blackmane's Hunt (The Howl of Blackmane, 5) allows you to follow your rival's warlord to an adjacent planet, completing your hunt and meeting it in battle.
Confronting your opponent head-on brings you face-to-face with danger, but the Weapon Frostfang (The Howl of Blackmane, 3) can drastically increase one unit's attack power and hit points, helping you win a showdown with a rival warlord. And when your opponent tries to flee from your ravening wolves, a Morkai Rune Priest punishes your opponent for thinking he might escape unscathed.
Ragnar is only the first of many familiar warlords to be found in this cycle. You can look forward to seeing Inquisitors, Ethereals, and Greater Daemons in battle. Each new warlord brings a new deck type and play experience for players to explore.
The Warlord cycle doesn't just introduce new warlords. It features a host of supporting cards that make the strategic use of your warlord more critical than ever. Cards like Muster the Guard (The Howl of Blackmane, 7) require you to exhaust your warlord as part of the ability cost, offering a huge benefit in return. Other cards, such as the Bork'an Recruits,become stronger while in the presence of a warlord, making the decision of where to commit a warlord even more consequential.
The Howl of Blackmane and the other War Packs in the Warlord cycle introduce a host of new warlords and abilities to Warhammer 40,000: Conquest, bombarding the Traxis sector with powerful new abilities, strategies, and combinations. These cards were designed to make your war for galactic dominance more intense than ever, and I hope you have as much fun playing it as I did design it!
What Is a War Pack?
Warhammer 40,000: Conquest is a Living Card Game®, meaning that rather than collectible randomized booster packs, it receives monthly expansions known as War Packs. Each War Pack contains sixty cards, offering a full playset of each unit, attachment, event, and support card within.
Each War Pack expands the Warhammer 40,000 universes within Conquest, offering new deck-building options with a fixed distribution model, allowing players to focus on building decks and playing games, rather than chasing rare cards. The Howl of Blackmane is the first War Pack for Warhammer 40,000: Conquest.
Hunt Among the Stars
Begin your wild hunt across the galaxy with Ragnar Blackmane and the other cards from The Howl of Blackmane War Pack. Whether you employ Blackmane's aggressive tactics, revel in the torture of the Dark Eldar, or harness the powerful technology of the Tau empire, you'll find new units, attachments, supports, and events to use throughout your battles in the Traxis sector.
Look for The Howl of Blackmane to arrive at your local retailer in the fourth quarter of 2014!
A new leak by the same source popped up today, showing us the alleged Xperia Z5 and Xperia Z5 Compact from the bottom. Thanks to the newest pictures it becomes clear that these devices won't sport USB Type-C ports but will resort to regular microUSB ones.
There are also no visible flaps on the ports, which could mean two things: either the devices won't be dust-, water-proof, or Sony will employ the same technology that can be found on the Xperia M5 flapless port and water-resistant phone ).
As far as the duo unannounced Sony devices are concerned, there's the chance that we will see them unveiled at this year's IFA trade show. Actually, Sony has already revealed it will host a keynote on September 2 , which fills us with hope that the two devices below will debut on that date.
Here's to hoping.
There have been a lot of leaks regarding two upcoming Sony devices in the past few days, which will most probably end up being the Xperia Z5 and Xperia Z5 Compact. First, we say them alongside an iPhone 6 , then a few days later we had a good look at the fingerprint scanners, which will reportedly be embedded into the power button on the side.
One person was reported killed and at least three injured after shooting broke out in the Rinkeby district, near Stockholm. The area is heavily populated by immigrants.
Two people were taken to the hospital in serious condition, Aftonbladet newspaper reported police as saying. Later, police said that one of them died.
One of the victims was probably stabbed several times and shot with a gun.
Another two people were slightly injured, one of them arriving at the hospital on their own, while the second did not need medical attention. Police said they were probably injured by ricochets.
The shooting broke out in the central square, with the area now being sealed off by authorities.
READ MORE: Sweden's 3rd largest city hit by multiple blasts, police plead for help to tackle violence spike
No one has yet been detained in connection with the incident. Police are gathering information from eyewitnesses at the scene. According to Aftonbladet, two alleged offenders fled the scene in a car, with police now conducting a manhunt in the area.
"We are currently collecting data to get some idea of ​​what has happened," the newspaper quoted Stockholm police spokesperson Eva Nilsson as saying.
The two slightly injured people might have not been the targets of the attack, but got hit by chance. "[They are] ordinary people who have only been in the vicinity. There has been a lot of people there," Nilsson said.
"I heard four or five shots and decided to run away,” one eyewitness told Aftonbladet. “There were several others who also started running and I saw one of them was injured in the leg."
READ MORE: Refugees come to EU because they have no other choice – UN
"Everybody ran over to see what had happened. This is inhuman, more could have been injured," another eyewitness told Svenska Dagbladet.
There is a heavy police presence at the scene and a helicopter is patrolling the area, Svenska Dagbladet reported.
Rinkeby, which had nearly 16,000 residents as of 2012, according to Swedish government statistics, is known for its primarily immigrant population.
The situation with migrants has been inflammatory in Europe, with the continent having to deal with a huge wave of refugees fleeing their native lands in search of a better life in the EU.
ESPN.com is expanding its NFL Nation network by creating a dedicated digital home for each of the 32 NFL teams. The collection of team sites will be staffed by industry leading reporters in every NFL city. Each site will feature original posts while curating team-specific content from across ESPN platforms and linking to other relevant sources, making NFL Nation a top destination for fans.
For the past five seasons, ESPN.com's NFL Nation has utilized a network of eight divisional blogs with one writer covering four teams per division with additional contributions from NFL writers at ESPN's major market sites in Boston, Chicago, Dallas and New York. The new NFL Nation will combine these resources with 21 new reporters to be brought on board for the 2013-14 NFL season.
ESPN has already added a number of veteran reporters for the expanded NFL Nation, including Rob Demovsky (Green Bay Press Gazette, who will cover the Packers), Jeff Legwold (Denver Post, Broncos), Tania Ganguli (Houston Chronicle, Texans), Phil Sheridan (Philadelphia Inquirer, Eagles), John Keim (Washington Examiner, Redskins) and Mike Wells (Indianapolis Star, Colts). (Below is a detailed list of assignments to date.)
Each of the 32 NFL Nation reporters will contribute multiple daily reports – including news, commentary, analysis, audio and video. In addition to their work on ESPN.com, NFL Nation reporters will contribute to other ESPN platforms, including NFL Live, NFL Insiders, SportsCenter and other television shows, ESPN Radio national and local affiliate programs, ESPN Audio podcasts, ESPN The Magazine and more.
“The expansion of NFL Nation represents one of ESPN Digital's most ambitious projects in our continuing effort to provide the ultimate personalized experience for fans,” said ESPN.com Editor-in-Chief Patrick Stiegman. “This will create the most credible, authoritative team-by-team network anywhere, with multimedia journalists providing news, analysis and perspective in every NFL market, across all ESPN platforms. Coupled with our highly respected national voices, NFL Nation will provide unprecedented coverage for fans.”
“The NFL Nation positions are truly multi-platform roles, and the reporters who have been hired are already making significant contributions to our television coverage, providing NFL training camp updates, breaking news and other insights on SportsCenter and our NFL shows,” said Seth Markman, ESPN senior coordinating producer for NFL studio programs.
NFL Nation will be featured prominently on the ESPN.com NFL home page with headlines from every team site. Fans will also be able to access digital content through customized ESPN apps and sites, mobile alerts, tweets and other methods of personalization. Stories written by ESPN.com national NFL writers and other experts will also be incorporated, and every team site will include relevant ESPN video, ESPN Audio clips, ESPN Insider links, Fantasy data, and more.
ESPN.com NFL Nation reporters (and previous affiliation):
Baltimore Ravens: Jamison Hensley (ESPN AFC North blogger)
Buffalo Bills: Mike Rodak (ESPN Boston)
Carolina Panthers: David Newton (ESPN NASCAR writer) *
Chicago Bears: Michael C. Wright (ESPN Chicago)
Cincinnati Bengals: Coley Harvey (Orlando Sentinel)
Dallas Cowboys: Todd Archer (ESPN Dallas)
Denver Broncos: Jeff Legwold (Denver Post)
Green Bay Packers: Rob Demovsky (Green Bay Press Gazette)
Houston Texans: Tania Ganguli (Houston Chronicle)
Indianapolis Colts: Mike Wells (Indianapolis Star)
Miami Dolphins: James Walker (ESPN AFC East blogger)
Minnesota Vikings: Ben Goessling (St. Paul Pioneer Press)
New England Patriots: Mike Reiss (ESPN Boston)
New York Giants: Dan Graziano (ESPN NFC East blogger)
New York Jets: Rich Cimini (ESPN New York)
Oakland Raiders: Paul Gutierrez (CSNBayArea.com)
Philadelphia Eagles: Phil Sheridan (Philadelphia Inquirer)
Pittsburgh Steelers: Scott Brown (Pittsburgh Tribune-Review)
St. Louis Rams: Nick Wagoner (StLouisRams.com)
San Francisco 49ers: Bill Williamson (ESPN AFC West blogger)
Seattle Seahawks: Terry Blount (ESPN NASCAR writer) *
Tampa Bay Buccaneers: Pat Yasinskas (ESPN NFC South blogger)
Tennessee Titans: Paul Kuharsky (ESPN AFC South blogger)
Washington Redskins: John Keim (Washington Examiner and Washington Post)
New roles have also been created for two current NFL Nation bloggers:
Mike Sando (NFC West blogger): ESPN Insider NFL columnist
Kevin Seifert (NFC North blogger): NFL Nation national writer
* In addition to being a part of NFL Nation, David Newton and Terry Blount will continue to contribute to NASCAR coverage, as warranted.
Note: ESPN is in the process of hiring reporters in the remaining NFL markets
-30-
In a suburb of Cincinnati about 30 minutes north of the Ohio River, right down the street from the local Hooters, a little known subsidiary of defense giant Northrop Grumman works on contracts for the Central Intelligence Agency.
Xetron Corporation, whose products range from military sensors to communications systems to information security software, shows up in nearly 400 documents published earlier this month by WikiLeaks. Those documents describe some of the tools the CIA uses to hack phones, smart TVs, and other digital products to conduct espionage overseas — and some of the partners that help them do it, like Xetron.
Now Xetron employees are facing additional scrutiny in the wake of the WikiLeaks dump, according to one source familiar with the matter, with some of them suddenly pulled in to polygraph examinations. It's unclear if the government is conducting an active investigation into the company as a potential source of the leaks or if the firm is simply responding to stepped-up security requirements on some of its projects.
According to the source, it typically takes months for contractors to schedule the polygraph examinations required on certain sensitive government contracts — sometimes up to a year. “But if it was really important for a mission it would happen immediately … or [if there's] concern about the project,” the person said. Another source familiar with Xetron's operations said being suddenly asked to sit for a polygraph in the context of normal project requirements is unusual. The sources requested anonymity to preserve their employability in the buttoned-up world of defense contracting.
The FBI, Xetron, and Northrop Grumman all declined to comment. “Thank you for reaching out to us. At this time we're not able to provide a comment on this matter,” Northrop Grumman spokesperson Matt McQueen wrote.
“We have no comment on the authenticity of purported intelligence documents released by WikiLeaks or on the status of any investigation into the source of the documents,” Heather Fritz Horniak, spokesperson for the CIA wrote in an email to The Intercept.
The material released by WikiLeaks show that Xetron provided the CIA with tools to gain unauthorized access to Cisco routers. In one document, Xetron engineers are shown working with “The Bakery” — an unidentified group, possibly a codename for a unit within the CIA — to create “Cinnamon”: a malicious implant for Cisco devices. Another document says that Xetron developed software that routes communications back and forth between computers compromised by the CIA and command servers also controlled by the agency.
Xetron has been sharing hacking techniques with the intelligence community going back to at least 2010, according to documents from NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden. In that year, according to a top-secret schedule, a Xetron representative was slated to present malicious Windows software named “Orca” at one of the CIA's annual “Jamboree” technology conferences for agency staff and contractors. Orca was designed to circumvent a security feature of Windows that prevented anyone from tampering with programs on a computer hard drive. Orca instead tampered with programs after they had been loaded from the drive into memory.
In a follow-on presentation at the 2011 Jamboree, another Xetron representative was scheduled to detail research into techniques to obscure the origins of malicious software like Orca. In 2012, a Xetron representative was slated to outline a technique for reverse engineering — that is, essentially re-creating — the “embedded” software used to operate real-world machines, according to a Jamboree conference schedule.
It's not clear whether the CIA ever adopted any of the methods outlined in Xetron's presentations. Asked about the Snowden documents, the agency wrote that “it is CIA's job to be innovative, cutting-edge, and the first line of defense in protecting this country from enemies abroad. America deserves nothing less. It is also important to note that CIA is legally prohibited from conducting electronic surveillance targeting individuals here at home, including our fellow Americans, and CIA does not do so.” The NSA did not comment.
Xetron's proximity to the intelligence community has become particularly noteworthy in the wake of reports that federal investigators are focused on CIA contractors as the most likely sources of the documents published by WikiLeaks — although there is no evidence linking the company to that breach. The documents exposed details on many CIA capabilities, including a library of hacks against smartphones deemed “impressive” by digital security experts. Intelligence officials are taking the breach seriously; the CIA in a statement said the document release would “not only jeopardize U.S. personnel and operations, but also equip our adversaries with tools and information to do us harm.” According to two sources working at major defense contractors, such employers are taking extra steps to remind employees about company ethics — giving speeches and posting fliers in the halls about appropriate data transfer procedures.
It's highly likely the government knows where the leak came from, or has a good idea, said Nick Weaver, a senior staff researcher at the International Computer Science Institute in Berkeley.
“I would be shocked if the investigators don't already know when and by whom the data was accessed, by combining access logs on the server with the very narrow time range when this leak could have occurred,” he wrote in a text message. “If they don't know this by now, it indicates that a huge amount of effort dealing with insider threats was wasted. Google was able to do this analysis for the data allegedly stolen from their autonomous car project. Why couldn't the CIA?”
Despite claiming some 68,000 employees as of 2013, Xetron has maintained a relatively low profile over the years. One exception came in 2011, when the hacker collective Anonymous released email purloined from digital security firm HBGary; in one such email, HBGary reportedly discussed negotiating with Xetron to provide Xetron computer malware it could repurpose or re-sell.
Xetron began as a smaller “defense electronics” firm in 1972 and was purchased by Westinghouse Electric Corporation in 1986. Both companies were acquired by Northrop Grumman in 1996. Xetron's Ohio plant endured an expensive fire, which inflicted $15 million in damage, in the early 1990s.
Photo: Google Maps
“Xetron specializes in providing solutions that meet operational needs or fill technology gaps,” reads a recent description of the company written by Northrop Grumman for potential government customers. One specialty includes “computer network operations” — expertise in encryption and intrusion detection as well as “reverse engineering and computer assault.”
“Our many repeat Government customers can attest to the reliability of the products we provide,” the description reads. “Click the links below to learn more about just some of the products and services we offer. Even if you don't see it here, tell us what you need. Chances are we can help.”
The company draws a large number of students from nearby engineering schools; it has a partnership on “cyber informatics” with the University of Cincinnati where employees of the company can take classes alongside students. In September 2016, representatives of Xetron went to the University of Dayton to recruit engineers “to join their highly skilled Cyber and Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance development teams,” according to a public Facebook post.
Multiple former employees described an office environment focused on beating rivals like Lockheed Martin for government contracts, but where it was not unusual to spend years on a proof-of-concept only to see it left unused.
“Morale was weak, to say the least,” one former employee said. Even so, few former employees were willing to discuss even banal details about working at Xetron; it's not at all clear that the environment would push someone to leak sensitive work product. “I think a lot of them still believe in the mission, they were just overworked and underappreciated.”
Documents published with this article:
Bernie Sanders raised eyebrows Monday when he admitted his decision to join the Democratic Party to run for president was not an ideological choice or driven by loyalty, but a way to hack the nominating process.
“Here's the truth. You're right, I am the longest serving independent in the history of the United States Congress,” the Vermont senator, who identifies as a Democratic Socialist, told MSNBC's Chuck Todd during a town hall Monday night in Ohio.
“We did have to make that decision: Do you run as an independent? Do you run within the Democratic Party?” He said. “We concluded – and I think it was absolutely the right decision – that, A, in terms of media coverage, you have to run within the Democratic Party.”
He added that to run a campaign outside the major two-party process, “you need… to be a billionaire.”
“The structure of American politics today is such that I thought the right ethic was to run within the Democratic Party,” he said.
Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment spilled the beans last week on Middle-earth: Shadow of War. GamesBeat's Mike Minotti and I went to a preview event to see the first gameplay demo during the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco a week ago.
The title comes out August 22 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC. For me and many other fans, it is a long-awaited sequel to Shadow of Mordor, set in the early Third Age of J.R.R. Tolkien's fantasy realm Middle-earth. The first tale — a prequel to The Lord of the Rings — was about the ranger Talon, who fought his way through Mordor with the wraith elf Celebrimbor. Their quest is to deny Sauron of the Rings of Power, and it turned out to be my favorite game of 2014.
Now the sequel looks like it will be far more massive than Shadow of Mordor, which took me 80 hours to finish. Talon, now called the Bright Lord (in opposition to Sauron, the Dark Lord), is leading big orc armies to take over Mordor, one stronghold at a time.
We caught up with Philip Straub, the art director at developer Monolith Productions, in a small press interview during the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco last week.
Here's an edited transcript of our conversation.
Image Credit: Dean Takahashi
GamesBeat: It looks like a much bigger world, from what I could tell.
Philip Straub: Absolutely. It's interesting, because the game in general is just an order of magnitude larger, across so many axes. It's a larger world, more places to go, more diverse geography, more diverse biomes. We have nemesis fortresses, more enemies, more AI. It's just bigger.
GamesBeat: Can you give us an idea of the structure of the game? In Shadow of Mordor, you were in a region with the different levels of orcs, and then captains and war chiefs and so on. In this one, it seems like each fortress has its own ecosystem.
Straub: Right, that's correct.
GamesBeat: Do you fight them all at once?
Straub: I'll try to answer that from two ways. From the art standpoint, we have different regions. We highlighted those on the world map. When an overlord owns a fortress, that level, a bunch of things happen. The look of the fortress changes. You noticed that the first fortress we showed had a certain look to it. That was the Terror tribe. And then you notice at the end it had a different look. That was the Marauder tribe.
Also, as the fortress changes, the gameplay associated with it changes. The Feral tribe owns an area, so it has a bunch of beasts around it, and it can bring various other traits. But it gets much bigger than that. There's the fortress, but then there's the approach all around it in the world. The gameplay changes in those outposts, and the visuals change as well. Even cooler, and what I'm excited about, is that the overlords bring their own lighting palette and weather. When an overlord owns a region, a specific level, the whole place changes.
Image Credit: Warner Bros.
In terms of structure—I can't really get into the specifics of the Nazgul, other than that they're in the game right now. But there is a wide variety of enemies you get to encounter. We've shown a few. We showed the Olog-Hai. We showed our drake. But back to structure, it's an open-world sandbox game. There's going to be all kinds of emergent missions occurring based on the story campaign, based on side missions, and based on your interactions with the AI and the nemesis system. More gameplay opportunities are going to present themselves. You'll be doing a number of different things within each region. Just one of your goals is taking down these fortresses, one of the big meta-goals.
The other thing that's nice—in Shadow of Mordor we had the nemesis system and the campaign, but they weren't really intertwined. Now they're much more intertwined.
GamesBeat: One of the big things in the original game was riding around in the overworld, and captains would show up to mess around with you. But it seems like the overlords, with their captains and everything, are more self-contained. It's one big encounter when you fight them. In the sandbox area, are you going to continue to encounter captains and things like that?
Straub: Absolutely. You'll get all the great things we had in Shadow of Mordor, and then this whole other concept of the nemesis fortresses, the nemesis followers, and your ability to build this huge army to take down the fortresses and ultimately take down Sauron's forces.
GamesBeat: Is the world map, the one we were shown, sort of like the hub?
Straub: I'd say you could call it the hub, yeah. It's where you get your highest-level information in terms of your interactions with the world. Then you can go down into what we call our region maps. That gives you more information in terms of missions and everything you can do in there. Also within that you have your army screen, your hierarchy screen, that's associated with each of the regions. Each of those is completely different relative to where you are in the game and relative to your interactions with the game.
GamesBeat: In the sandbox area, can you freely travel from one fortress to another and see stuff in between?
Straub: You can, as you become more powerful.
Image Credit: Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
GamesBeat: Some of the fortresses looked a little cookie-cutter. Are there certain classes of fortresses that are the same?
Straub: There's a huge amount of content and variety of content that we've created to assign unique visuals to them relative to the character and personality. If you think about it this way—in Shadow of Mordor we had those unique personal villains. Now we've attached that to the fortresses in the world. Those are quite unique.
There's a ton of dynamic content, too. What we showed in the main gameplay portion – not the army screen – were at a certain level, but there are multiple levels for the fortresses. Those levels change the way they look in the world.
GamesBeat: So you have your captains, your war chiefs, and then your overlords. Are the overlords going to be bespoke or totally random?
Straub: They're totally nemesis generated, not bespoke at all.
GamesBeat: So the game generates, at the beginning — these guys will be your uber-enemies.
Straub: Anybody can be an uber-enemy. Somebody can get promoted to that. Everybody can start out as a grunt and get promoted all the way up to overlord.
GamesBeat: I remember in Shadow of Mordor, there were the four super high-level enemies. I remember them being bespoke?
Straub: Yes, yes. You're talking about the Black Hand, some of those guys. We've spent a lot more time focusing on building up the nemesis system so that we don't need those, as you say, bespoke enemies. It's all about those player stories, having each player enjoy a unique playthrough.
GamesBeat: But they have their own unique encounter areas?
Straub: One thing we showed today was the throne rooms. So yes, each fortress has a throne room, and that's generally where you're going to encounter the overlord. But those are also very dynamic. The way we were talking about all the tribes and how that affects orc culture and society, how that affects the exterior of the fortresses, it also affects the interior of the fortresses. They'll look different. They'll have different gameplay components. Sometimes those guys are going to have bodyguards. Sometimes there will be more enemies, or less. Sometimes there will be beasts. Just a huge amount of variety there.
GamesBeat: If Shadow of Mordor took 80 hours to finish, in a straight line — are we talking about a lot more time here?
Straub: The way to think about it is that the game in general is an order of magnitude bigger across multiple axes. We're still tuning and refining, so we don't have a number as to how many hours it'll take. But it's quite a bit larger. I think playthroughs are going to be pretty extensive. And then of course it just depends on how you interact with the game.
GamesBeat: You mentioned human settlements as well. Can you travel to those and interact with them? Can we expect to see allied characters?
Straub: Absolutely, yes. We have a whole host of new characters that you're going to be able to interact with. One of the most exciting things when we talk about Shadow of War versus of Shadow of Mordor—why is it called Shadow of War? Well, one reason is because we're not just in Mordor anymore. We're going to the last human city in Gondor in this time period. Even just the idea that we're going to a city—we'll actually be playing in this massive city. That's quite a level up compared to Shadow of Mordor.
GamesBeat: Can you tell us about what aspects of the lore from the novels you wanted to focus on for this game?
Straub: We obviously respect the lore a great deal. We're all big fans. Michael is the lore expert. I try to do my best, especially in terms of the authenticity of the art and other content we create. We also work closely with Middle-Earth Enterprises. For this go-round it's not one particular thing we focused on. We're always focused on trying to make sure we're staying true to the lore, but also expanding the components we need to make a great game.
GamesBeat: Is there a bookend here to the lore, though? The Last Alliance of Elves and Men?
Straub: Those are things that—we don't want to share any spoilers at this point. I don't want to get that far ahead. Your primary goal is to take down the forces of Sauron and build your own army, build that set of followers.
