Planetary boundaries, as the Stockholm resolution wanted to espouse, are limiting conditions imposed by the rational mind confronted by the stark reality that if the world wanted to extend prosperity or its conditions to a much larger section of people we have problems aplenty. But it is rational inattention that has led us to believe that we have enough resources to extend every benefit to all the inhabitants of this globe and it is equally wrong to stop a chosen few from enjoying it by putting a price that would be unaffordable; pricing of opportunities on a global scale would need a fundamental change, for which the discussions as referred in the article is the natural step.
I cannot believe that the whole world can enjoy a breakfast with the same amount of calories as an American or an European one, or the same number of pages as in an American newspaper could be distributed to all the people of the globe (it would probably mean felling all the trees of the world !). Resource constraints should remind us that we have a finite limit to what the endowments of this world could be shared and distributed, and only through innovation we could actually shift our preferences.
Procyon Mukherjee
News from Burial Beer
Upcoming Events:
Bonestack Wing Night – Wednesday, August 17th
5pm-til they run out!
The second Bonestack Wing Night is set for Wednesday, August 17th at 5pm. We're partnering with Salt&Smoke to bring you two wing options crafted with two Burial beers: (1) House Buffalo wings made with Ceremonial Session IPA with Amarillo hops and (2) Sweet & Spicy wings made with our newest Forge beer, a Pear & Ginger Saison.
Ceremonial Session IPA with Amarillo Hops Can Release
Wednesday, August 17th
Brewed with a different hop focus each time this session IPA is carved from Pilsner, flaked barley, wheat and oats and is saddled with a new hop vision quest each time it is canned. This batch features Amarillo hops that when paired with our special house yeast yields aromas of orange and apricot with notes of honeysuckle and spice. Available in 16oz cans. Limited distro.
|4% | 1.032| 35| Blonde
Weekly Beer Releases:
Tuesday, August 16th
The Forge: Pear & Ginger Saison – Brewed by our lead brewer, JT, this Saison is the fourteenth edition in our Forge Small Batch Staff Series. Featuring Riverbend Pilsner and Red Wheat and a touch of Honey Malt this beer then fermented on fresh ginger, honey, one pound per gallon of fresh pears.
|6% | 1.053| 15| Blonde
Wednesday, August 17th
Ceremonial Session IPA with Amarillo Hops – Brewed with a different hop focus each time this session IPA is carved from Pilsner, flaked barley, wheat and oats and is saddled with a new hop vision quest each time it is canned. This batch features Amarillo hops that when paired with our special house yeast yields aromas of orange and apricot with notes of honeysuckle and spice.
|4% | 1.032| 35| Blonde
Friday, August 19th
Machete Extra Farmhouse – This rustic French farmhouse-style ale is our ode to a brewers' favorite made across the Atlantic. Brewed with Pilsner malt and flaked wheat, this beer is crafted with a blend of two farmhouse strains, and a heavy dose of white peppercorns and grains of paradise. This extremely dry and effervescent beer is finished with a mild dose of East Kent Golding hops for a lemon, hay, and green herbal aroma.
|5.2% | 1.044| 25| Straw
Save the Date:
Fourth Moonlit Art Market – Thursday, September 8th, 8-11pm
This moonlit, summer celebration of local artists and their work is inspired by the late night street markets that occur nightly in the French Quarter of New Orleans. Featuring a different group of artist every market, these Moonlit nights show the diversity and talent of our community and will be hosted at Burial Beer Co. second Thursdays, June-October from 8-11pm.
Enjoy the taproom an hour longer than usual, dine on food from Salt & Smoke kitchen, listen to live music, and support our community of talented artists.
ShiaoPi Profile Joined October 2011 TAIWAN NUMBAH WAN 2697 Posts Last Edited: 2017-10-29 09:51:11 #1 Interview with
Secret.MidOne
Yeik "secrets to his success.
Thanks for taking the time to do an interview with us, how are you feeling now that you've achieved Top 4 at the Hamburg Major, the first Major of the new Dota Pro Circuit and what do you think of your chances of winning the whole tournament?
Yeah, uh, 33%.
33%?
Yes, that's what my instincts say.
Pretty good, so what are the factors for this? What is the 66% for why you don't think you will win the whole tournament?
Hahaha, strategy wise, I think we don't have the tools to answer everything yet. We're also still in the process of becoming a real team, being good teammates and I think that all contributes to the 66%.
Is there also a role played by the previous two Minors where your results were decent but weren't extraordinary, maybe resulting in a lack of confidence? Or was it perhaps more of a learning experience for the team?
Yeah it was definitely a learning experience because we lost in some tournaments. We had some internal issues between all the teammates and we weren't really a team yet, during the Minors.
So what do you think changed between the Minors and Hamburg where, now, you have achieved Top 4 already and you're looking really good?
We changed a lot. Losing two Minors is actually huge for us because it kinda made us explode. Each of us, we spoke up more and now we're more like a team, we get along really well with each other. Strategy wise, we listen to each and we create our strats together and everyone has their own input. I feel that we're getting better too and we can play better so we have better strats now.
So better team cohesion?
Yeah, after two losses, I would say it's really huge.
Alright, so right now, in your team, you lost KheZu and MP after TI, who were replaced by Ace and FATA-. The first thing we wanted to talk about regarding this was FATA-, you played mid against him at TI6. So how do you think he's doing in his transition from the midlane to the offlane?
I think it's the same as s4 right? He was a mid player and he transitioned into the offlane and won two Majors. For sure, there must be something behind it. I think FATA- can be a very good offlaner. In my personal opinion, I would say that FATA- can be better than s4 on the offlane, I think he has a wider hero pool and the way he thinks about the game, the offlane suits him the best right now and he can be very good.
We've noticed that for FATA-, you like to pick three heroes for him in particular; Furion, Underlord, and Puck. Usually first phasing Furion/Puck and second phasing Underlord. What is it about these heroes that FATA- is almost always playing one of these three heroes?
I mean, Furion is normal right? Like Liquid won TI with Furion, right? So Furion is on top of that, I think every offlaner should be playing this hero but some of the offlaners might not be able to play this hero but it's fine anyway. Puck, I think he likes to play Puck so we can always pick Puck for him. He always used to play Puck in Liquid and it's an offlane hero; and Underlord is a very strong offlane hero too. He's a bitch and you can just go push out lanes and you don't care, that's what he should be doing. Those are all the heroes he wants to play anyway so we pick it for him.
Do you feel that while you think Underlord is very strong, for example in Game 2 vs Newbee yesterday, you 4th picked Underlord and he got a really bad lane matchup against Ursa. Was that taken into consideration at all during the draft?
I think we had a pretty bad draft that game. We ended up with Legion Commander and Underlord who are both bad against Ursa in lane. It's not just in lane but we basically just screwed up our draft. Underlord is still a good hero, as you can see, later on, he still does a lot of stuff and he can actually kill Ursa without even touching the Ursa. He's just a very good hero I think, he gives a lot of stuff to the team.
So more on the draft, I think every team respects your Ember Spirit and always bans it in the 2nd phase. Will we be seeing any first pick Ember Spirit before the tournament ends?
We might actually do it in the first phase because Newbee first phased Ember against us, right? If you don't have the correct answer or strategy to play against Ember, it's actually very hard because he's still very strong, until now.
Another thing, you got Ace during the roster shuffle. He's a very skilled and versatile player and he's been in the scene for a very long time but this probably the first time he's been on a real top tier team. Recently, we've been seeing a variation in Secret's draft where, before, with MP, the team always played around you and sacked MP's lane whereas now you have this seemingly balanced dynamic with Ace where he sometimes plays stuff like Brood, Meepo, or Timbersaw and the team plays around him. Do you think that works to your team's advantages?
Yeah, definitely, I think so. Sometimes I don't wanna be the hard carry, I wanna play something else where I can just do stuff around the map so that the other person can farm and carry us. I think it's good and we always swap our heroes so that sometimes I can go safelane and he can go mid and I think it's a very good advantage for us right now. I think it's very hard for our opponents to know what we're doing.
Valve said that they're releasing the patch after Hamburg so is there anything you're looking forward to? Like if there's anything you want out of it? For example, as an Invoker player, do you think he could use some buffs or nerfs?
No, I think right now, Invoker is fine and he shouldn't be buffed or nerfed. He's actually balanced right now and the more he gets nerfed, he just becomes a shit hero and I wouldn't want to play him anymore. If he gets buffed then he just becomes too strong and I will play him all the time because he has like ten spells, right? So he should just stay there, just stay right there.
What about buffs and nerfs to maybe other heroes like we talked to No[o]ne earlier and he said Earthshaker should be nerfed. What about you? Maybe some other heroes in the current meta that you would like to see nerfed?
Let me think, I would say KOTL. KOTL or Furion, I think Earthshaker is still fine, maybe nerf some of his spells but I'm not sure. I'm only sure you should nerf KOTL or Furion, they're the most annoying heroes to me right now.
About the tournament, your semi-final opponent hasn't been decided yet, so is there any specific team that you want to face? Or maybe you think that Liquid will just roll over the competition into the semi-final?
I hope to play against Liquid because it will be a rematch. We lost to them at TI and then they went on to win TI so I wanna play against Liquid.
Alright, so, last question, do you go back to Malaysia often? And what do you miss most about Malaysia?
I go back every month for 5 days and I miss the food I guess. Yeah, definitely the food.
Well, thank you for taking the time to talk to us and we wish you good luck for the rest of the tournament.
Thank you.
Interviewers: 2009, ShiaoPi
Editor: OmniEulogy Writer @TW_ShiaoPi Yeah, uh, 33%.Yes, that's what my instincts say.Hahaha, strategy wise, I think we don't have the tools to answer everything yet. We're also still in the process of becoming a real team, being good teammates and I think that all contributes to the 66%.Yeah it was definitely a learning experience because we lost in some tournaments. We had some internal issues between all the teammates and we weren't really a team yet, during the Minors.We changed a lot. Losing two Minors is actually huge for us because it kinda made us explode. Each of us, we spoke up more and now we're more like a team, we get along really well with each other. Strategy wise, we listen to each and we create our strats together and everyone has their own input. I feel that we're getting better too and we can play better so we have better strats now.Yeah, after two losses, I would say it's really huge.I think it's the same as s4 right? He was a mid player and he transitioned into the offlane and won two Majors. For sure, there must be something behind it. I think FATA- can be a very good offlaner. In my personal opinion, I would say that FATA- can be better than s4 on the offlane, I think he has a wider hero pool and the way he thinks about the game, the offlane suits him the best right now and he can be very good.I mean, Furion is normal right? Like Liquid won TI with Furion, right? So Furion is on top of that, I think every offlaner should be playing this hero but some of the offlaners might not be able to play this hero but it's fine anyway. Puck, I think he likes to play Puck so we can always pick Puck for him. He always used to play Puck in Liquid and it's an offlane hero; and Underlord is a very strong offlane hero too. He's a bitch and you can just go push out lanes and you don't care, that's what he should be doing. Those are all the heroes he wants to play anyway so we pick it for him.I think we had a pretty bad draft that game. We ended up with Legion Commander and Underlord who are both bad against Ursa in lane. It's not just in lane but we basically just screwed up our draft. Underlord is still a good hero, as you can see, later on, he still does a lot of stuff and he can actually kill Ursa without even touching the Ursa. He's just a very good hero I think, he gives a lot of stuff to the team.We might actually do it in the first phase because Newbee first phased Ember against us, right? If you don't have the correct answer or strategy to play against Ember, it's actually very hard because he's still very strong, until now.Yeah, definitely, I think so. Sometimes I don't wanna be the hard carry, I wanna play something else where I can just do stuff around the map so that the other person can farm and carry us. I think it's good and we always swap our heroes so that sometimes I can go safelane and he can go mid and I think it's a very good advantage for us right now. I think it's very hard for our opponents to know what we're doing.No, I think right now, Invoker is fine and he shouldn't be buffed or nerfed. He's actually balanced right now and the more he gets nerfed, he just becomes a shit hero and I wouldn't want to play him anymore. If he gets buffed then he just becomes too strong and I will play him all the time because he has like ten spells, right? So he should just stay there, just stay right there.Let me think, I would say KOTL. KOTL or Furion, I think Earthshaker is still fine, maybe nerf some of his spells but I'm not sure. I'm only sure you should nerf KOTL or Furion, they're the most annoying heroes to me right now.I hope to play against Liquid because it will be a rematch. We lost to them at TI and then they went on to win TI so I wanna play against Liquid.I go back every month for 5 days and I miss the food I guess. Yeah, definitely the food.Thank you.2009, ShiaoPiOmniEulogy Yeik " MidOne " Nai Zheng, Team Secrets midlaner, talks about some of theto his success.
Imagine a rogue president, frustrated with Congress for repeatedly failing to pass his administration's wish list on immigration, disregarding the separation of powers and unilaterally implementing his legislative prerogatives by executive fiat. No, this isn't a constitutional law hypothetical. This is the story of how the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) amnesty program came into being.
For nearly two decades, Congress has considered varying versions of the Development, Relief, and Education for Alien Minors (DREAM) Act, a legislative amnesty for certain illegal aliens who claimed to have entered the country unlawfully as minors, while meeting other criteria. Every time the DREAM Act was brought up for a vote, it failed to pass both chambers of Congress to become law.
Frustrated with the repeated rejection of the DREAM Act, President Obama decided to take matters into his own hands five years ago. Obama commanded the Department of Homeland Security to announce that it was unilaterally implementing their version of the DREAM Act, bestowing a temporary reprieve from deportation plus work authorization to hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens who met criteria nearly identical to the DREAM Act. Witness the birth of DACA.
ADVERTISEMENT
After winning re-election and watching his Gang of Eight mass amnesty bills implode thanks to fierce opposition by the American people, Obama grew impatient, saying his administration was “not just going to be waiting for legislation.” He added, “I've got a pen and I've got a phone, and I can use that pen to sign executive orders and take executive actions.”
He proceeded to try to expand DACA as well as create another executive amnesty program known as Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (DAPA).
Even if you find these illegal aliens sympathetic, there is no congressional “inaction clause.” No president can waive a magic wand and change the immigration status of broad categories of people. Obama knew that too, as he noted in 2011:
With respect to the notion that I can just suspend deportations through executive order, that's just not the case, because there are laws on the books that Congress has passed…. Congress passes the law. The executive branch's job is to enforce and implement those laws. And then the judiciary has to interpret the laws. There are enough laws on the books by Congress that are very clear in terms of how we have to enforce our immigration system that for me to simply through executive order ignore those congressional mandates would not conform with my appropriate role as president.
Again in 2013 after an illegal alien protestor interrupted an Obama speech claiming he could stop all deportations, the president responded “it was just not the case” that he could “suspend deportations through executive order” because “there are laws on the books that Congress has passed.” He repeated this assertion 22 times before he reversed himself and did it.
If news reports are correct, President Trump will soon terminate DACA. In a compassionate move he didn't have to take, Trump will reportedly allow current DACA recipients to remain in the U.S. until their work permits expire, giving them plenty of time to get their affairs in order before they return to their home country. That's a good, fair, and sensible deal.
One major reason why Trump was elected was because of his pledge to enforce our immigration laws and end Obama's unconstitutional executive amnesty programs. This is a win for the rule of law and a win for the millions of immigrants who have obeyed our laws and legally immigrated to the U.S., in many cases patiently waiting years, or decades, for a green card. More importantly, ending DACA is a win for young Americans who have struggled to find decent work over the last five years.
The biggest misrepresentation about DACA is that it is a program for “kids.” In fact, DACA is a jobs program for illegal aliens who are mostly in their 20s and 30s. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg's open-borders FWD.us website inadvertently verified this by releasing a report that admitted 700,000 illegal aliens will lose jobs when DACA ends. That must be welcome news to the hundreds of thousands of recent college graduates stuck living at home because they couldn't find decent employment after graduation.
Don't blame President Trump, America's immigration laws, or the American public for the situation DACA recipients find themselves in. The blame first goes to the parents who put their kids in this situation by knowingly disregarding our immigration laws. Equal blame goes to President Obama, who unconstitutionally acted outside the scope of his authority and made false promises to illegal aliens that he knew he couldn't keep.
This is… I don't know really. The story got away from me. The original concept was a mirroring companion piece to Information is Power. You'll want to read that story before this one for maximum gigglies, trust me.
Two years after Beacon…
There was a particular bounce to the young woman's steps as she walked up towards the door of the nightclub in downtown Vale – step step skip, step step skip – and she stuck the landing on the final step of the small three-step staircase with both feet with a slight bend to her knees, her arms swinging forward slightly for balance. She brushed her hand gently over the glass door as she pushed it inwards, stepping into the foyer. A guard, clad in the familiar black suit and hat with red shades sprung up from his post and stepped in her way.
"I'm sorry miss Xiao Long, Junior's busy right now. I can't let you in." Yang just smiled innocently as she fixed the guards eyes behind his shades.
"Kenneth, how many times have I broken your nose?" Kenneth took a cautious step backwards, then straightened up and hung his head in shame.
"Three times. The same nose. Three times." She reached out and patted his shoulder comradely.
"I don't really want to make it four, so could you be a good sport and alert him for me?"
"… Yes ma'am." Kenneth mumbled back as he walked over to his desk and got on the coms.
"Thanks, K. Sorry for the nose. I really am."
The heel of her boots clinked against the marble floor as the midnight-haired woman walked through the main hall of the SDC headquarters towards the empty front desk. As she approached, the hologram of a statuesque woman with a braided crown haircut flickered into existence, smiling politely.
"Greetings, I am Gwendolen. What is your business?" The woman held up her scroll displaying her ID and appointment schedule.
"Blake Belladonna. I had an appointment with Chairwoman Schnee today?" Gwendolen adjusted her hologram's face down to her screens, as if looking over today's appointments.
"Hmm… Belladonna… Ah yes, here we are." The hologram pointed off towards her left back.
"Down that corridor for 20 metres, then take the lift to the thirtieth floor. As you exit, take to the left and the Chairwoman will be receiving you at the end of the corridor." As Blake stepped into the lift she was met b a tune she felt oddly familiar, yet she couldn't quite place where she could've heard it before. Eh, most lifts seem to have similar ambience music these days, it's not unlikely I've heard this tune before somewhere…
She was roused from her thoughts by a loud chime as she reached the thirtieth floor. Stepping out, she turned to the left and walked up to the office door of her former Beacon classmate and current SDC CEO Weiss Schnee. She lifted her hand to the oak door, and knocked.
As Yang strode onto the dance floor, she could feel at least two dozen sets of eyes following her every move. The air was thick with the droning bass of the speakers and fog from the fog machines were covering her boots almost up to her ankles. She moved with purpose and determination towards the bar where Hei "Junior" Xiong was currently in a heated debate with a thin, short Faunus woman. Yang leaned against the bar desk on her right elbow as she gave a silent wave to Junior to announce her presence.
"Dammit Blondie, not you again. I'll deal with you as soon as I get it into this poor schmuck's head that I don't know any 'Blake Belladonna' nor where she is!" Yang blinked and looked at the silver-haired woman with the angrily swishing cat tail poking up over her shoulder. She laughed and motioned to the agitated Faunus.
"You're looking for Blake Belladonna?"
"Aye. I used to rin wi' 'er in th' White Fang some years ago. Th' name's Ciara."
"What do you want with Belladonna anyways?"
"Ah jist wanted tae teel 'er 'at since Adam disappeared th' white fang is in disarray. Mony ay us jumped ship."
"You're in luck then." Yang extended her hand for the shorter woman to shake.
"Yang Xiao Long. The fiancée." She held up her scroll with Blake's contact info for Ciara to copy down as she turned to the speechless Junior with a cheeky grin.
"Now that that business is taken care of, I've got a proposition for you…"
Blake pushed the door open and stepped into the spacious office. Weiss stood over by the large, wall-covering window to the right overlooking the capitol of Atlas.
"Beautiful view, isn't it?" Blake crossed her arms as she stepped up beside Weiss.
"It's not very likely you brought me up here for just the view." She turned her head towards the other woman.
"What am I really here for, Weiss?"
"Straight to the point. Good. Please have a seat." Weiss indicated a chair in front of the large office desk as she sat down behind it.
"The thing is, Blake… I want to hire you as my chief security officer."
"… Me? Why?"
"You. Because of your former White Fang ties, I suspect you know a great deal more about the security systems and alarms around here than any old specialist I could ever hope to chance upon. Of course I can't be playing favourites with you if you do accept – you'll need to call me Chairwoman Schnee or 'ma'am' during working hours, just like anybody else, and I can't be very frivolous with pay…"
"How much per month?"
"… As I was saying, I can't be very frivolous with the salary, but you'll be on the upper half of the scale. Does 110.000 lien a year sound good?"
"It does." Blake tried her best to sound as neutral as possible while she was nearly choking.
"… I'll be allowed to gather my own subordinates, I hope?"
"… Sure? I see no problem with that. Anyone you've got in mind?"
"A few, actually." Suddenly Blake's scroll started to vibrate in her coat pocket.
"I'm terribly sorry, I should've shut it off before I got here."
"It's okay, you can answer that. We're old classmates after all." Weiss smiled at Blake, who returned a grateful smile.
"Thank you." Folding open her scroll, she was greeted by an unknown number.
"Hello? Ciara? I haven't seen you in ages! Actually, I was just talking about you! Oh, nothing – I'm just on a job interview at the SDC! Crazy, I know! Can I put you on speaker?" Blake pushed a control on her scroll and put it on the office desk as Weiss leaned in.
"Hello?"
"'Ello, mah nam is Ciara Llwyd, Ah am an auld frend ay Blake's. What's th' deal?"
"Hello miss Llwyd, I am Weiss Schnee, CEO of the SDC and an old Beacon classmate of Blake's. I'm looking to hire her as my chief security offer, and she wants you to be on her staff."
"Is 'at true, Blake? Is the pay onie guid?"
"It's very good pay, Ciara. Think you can get me Cole and the others too?"
"Ah will see whit Ah can dae. Guid luck wi' yer job interview! Bye!"
Closing her scroll and putting it away, Blake looked back at Weiss just as she slid forward an employment contract and a pen. Smiling at her old friend, she accepted the pen and steered it towards the dotted line.
"I won't sell the club to you, Blondie! You couldn't even afford it, could you?" Junior shouted as he slammed his open hands down on the bar desk.
"Aww, not even for old times sake?"
"NO!" Yang laughed.
"Aw, come on! It'll save you a lot of repair costs for whenever I visit?"
"I said NO!" Yang leaned in towards the furious man.
"How about we gamble for it then? One game of billiard, winner takes all?" Junior sighed as he met Yang's gaze.
"If I win, will you please leave me alone?"
"'Kay." Yang let Junior lead the way to a secluded space with an old billiard table that didn't seem to have been used for a few years. Junior reached down underneath the table on the opposite long side and tossed a cue to Yang, who fumbled a bit in mid-air with it before finally gripping it.
"Sure it was a wise move to challenge me to billiard, Blondie?"
"Beginning to wonder that myself. You shoot with the thin end, yeah?"
"Yeah. I'll start." Junior leaned over the table and lined up for the break. His shot sent the red 3-ball spiralling into a corner pocket.
"Guess I'll be halfsies then." The match continued for some thirty minutes, and at the end Junior had only the 8-ball left while Yang had half her balls left. Let's finish this.
Yang carefully lined up her shot and thrust the cue forward at an angle, sending it spiralling into the mass of striped balls, sending all but one down the pockets and the last one on a trajectory for the 8-ball. Bouncing off, the final ball dropped into its pocket half a second before the 8-ball. Yang looked at Junior, her hand stretched out towards him and beckoning him.
"Keys to the manager's office, please."
"You tricked me!"
"Nah, I merely neglected to tell you billiard has been sort of a hobby of mine for a few years." Junior threw the keys on the table and stormed out. Yang perked up as she turned towards her new club and employees with a bright smile.
"Well, that was fun! Who's for Vacuan?"
AN: "Kenneth" is very loosely related to the Celtic word "aidhu", which means "fire". Still functions with the colour rule, bruh.
"Gwendolen" is welshed and means "White Circle" – felt appropriate to give her a braided crown.
I tend to try sticking with British English in my works as we Swedes get taught both English and American in school, but Weiss' office really is on the thirtieth floor, American style. Sorry for the inconsistency.
I was trying to give Ciara a Welsh accent but it sounds more like a Scottish one to me D:
"Well, that was fun! Who's for Chinese?"
I do not own RWBY, that's RoosterTeeth and Monty Oum.
The European Union and Armenia finalized a new agreement on deepening their political and economic ties on Monday more than one year after the South Caucasus state's controversial accession to a Russian-led trade bloc.
“I am very pleased to announce today the conclusion of negotiations on the new EU-Armenia Comprehensive and Enhanced Partnership Agreement,” Donald Tusk, the president of the European Council, the EU's top decision-making body, said after talks with Armenia's visiting President Serzh Sarkisian.
“This new agreement will broaden the scope of our relations, taking into account the new global, political and economic interests we share and challenges we want to face together,” Tusk told a joint news briefing in Brussels.
“The EU is already the first trade partner of Armenia, its first international donor and strongest supporter to reforms,” he said. “We intend to expand these relations further in the coming years.”
“During the 25 years of Armenia's independence the EU has always stood by our side and provided substantial financial, technical and moral support, the results of which are now visible in a wide range of areas,” Sarkisian said, for his part. The Armenian government is “determined to further this partnership,” he added.
The accord initialed during Sarkisian's visit to Brussels will serve as a less ambitious substitute for an Association Agreement negotiated by Armenian and EU officials in the summer of 2013. Sarkisian precluded its signing with his unexpected decision in September 2013 to make Armenia part of the Russian-led Eurasian Economic Union (EEU). The U-turn was widely attributed to strong Russian pressure.
The alternative deal apparently contains the main political and some economic provisions of the cancelled Association Agreement. But it has no free trade-related component due to Armenia's membership in the EEU.
Tusk emphasized that “commitment to democracy, human rights, and the rule of law” is at the heart of the new deal. The EU is also aiming for close economic ties with Armenia and, in particular, “new opportunities in trade and investments,” he said.
The deal is likely to be signed in May, at least one month after Armenia's parliamentary elections slated for April 2. The EU allocated recently 7 million euros ($7.4 million) to enable the Armenian authorities to take significant measures aimed at preventing vote rigging. The bulk of that money will be spent on the purchase of electronic equipment for verifying voters' identity and providing live online broadcasts from the vast majority of polling stations.
A senior EU diplomat said late last week that Brussels expects the authorities in Yerevan to hold “good elections.” Sarkisian reiterated on Monday that his administration is committed to that.
Russia's ambassador to Armenia, Ivan Volynkin, indicated earlier this month that Moscow does not object to Yerevan's efforts to forge closer links with the EU.
I think it's clear from what I've written that I really enjoy roguelike games. However, it's a hard love to share with others. Roguelike games are cold and unwelcoming. Their unforgiving difficulty, lack of tutorials, and overall lack of polish make them a hard sale for the uninitiated.
However, Tales of Maj'Eyal (TOME) seems to be a roguelike that refuses to have the shortcomings that are taken for granted in the genre. The winner of Ascii Dream's top roguelikes for two years in a row, TOME is a genuinely enjoyable game that also happens to be a successful roguelike. It's free, so you should go download it right now, but if you want to find out what exactly is different, read on.
The Roguelike Legacy…
The core of any roguelike is a crunchy, complicated single player roleplaying game where you slay monsters, explore dungeons, and are brutally punished for mistakes. TOME is no exception. It delivers all of the frustration and all of the rewards that roguelikes promise and then some. The combat is deadly and requires an intimate understanding of the rules. Character development is detailed and allows for a huge degree of customization. Environments and loot are all randomly generated. Monsters are widely varied and all viciously efficient at killing heroes. Character death is eventually permanent. (The game will allow you a handful of “extra lives” so you may fight another day.) In every way a roguelike need to be good, TOME excels.
But we've been here before! We've had computer games that meet all of these requirements since the '80s. There is already a large number of free roguelike games that are fun. Why pick up TOME over any of the others, especially when you've probably already gotten used to the warts of your favorite game?
…Without the Baggage
You should play TOME because it wants you to play it. It has clear and enjoyable graphics. The interface is organized and puts all of the information you need to make life-or-death decisions at your fingertips. You can do everything with the mouse if you wish or you can pilot the game completely with key strokes. Tool-tips explain all effects in the game, there is nearly no hidden information. There's even music and sound effects! This is no normal roguelike.
TOME extends the player the ultimate of helping hands in its two comprehensive tutorials. (No need for a player-curated wiki here.) The first gets you on your feet so you know what button does what. After spending five minutes with the first tutorial you'll have all the skills you need to, well, die over and over; but you won't be blindsided! The second tutorial is only for those interested in the nitty-gritty combat mechanics, laying bare the calculations that will determine how many rounds you'll stun a goblin with a shield bash. While the second tutorial not at all necessary for success, it is a breath of fresh air in a genre that jealously guards its mechanics.
TOME can be played without making excuses for it. It's a fully fleshed out and polished game. While it certainly feels like “indie”, there is exactly zero friction between you and jumping into the punishing, unfair, immensely rewarding dungeon crawl. This is actually a roguelike that you can suggest to your friends!
Story and Unlockables
The truly unique element of TOME is the story and the unlockable content. The campaign that comes with the game will explore the history of the world and the ancient threat that threatens to consume it. Wizards that delved too deep, corruption that sleeps under the surface, and paranoid governments getting rid of magic users are waiting for your little roguelike hero to interact with them. I can enjoy a game that starts and ends in a single dungeon with just the thinnest of premises, but I genuinely enjoyed the story within TOME.
As you progress in the story and turn over rocks, you'll permanently unlock lost races, new classes, and even whole new game modes. I'd estimate that a third of the game is available when you first install it, uncovering forgotten races and forbidden magical arts for your next character is extremely satisfying.
Also, this game is fully moddable. The game allows everything from items to monsters to whole campaigns to be created. I haven't explored the mod scene yet, but it sounds very promising.
Play It Already!
TOME is an easy game to recommend, which isn't something I can say about really any other roguelike game. (Not even my favorite one, DoomRL.) The story and unlockables are strewn about, giving you incentive to play more. The graphics and sound go a long way to make you feel like a badass as you take on hordes of enemies. And the game will still seriously exercise your gaming muscles as you lose one hero after another.
Download it now.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
TBILISI, DFWatch–An anti-hail system was activated yesterday and for the first time helped partly prevent a hailstorm from destroying harvest in Kakheti. But part of the harvest was destroyed because the system started functioning 20 minutes late.
The State Security and Crisis Management Council, a body subordinate to the prime minister, informed yesterday that the locally produced anti-hail system was used in Telavi, in the Kakheti region, where it helped partly avert damage. In Gurjaani, another region in Kakheti, the system completely prevented damage from hail stones.
The upgraded system is produced by State Military Scientific-Technical Center Delta, and builds on research carried out during the Soviet Union, when a similar system was in use in Georgia between 1960 and 1990. The project to renew and redeploy the system began two years ago and works by firing 60mm rockets to 2.5km to 4.5km height, carrying 50-70 grams of silver iodide to reduce the size of the hail stones or change them into rain drops.
Fully deployed, the system will consist of 85 firing stations only in the Kakheti region, a central control station, weather radar and computer software to predict the optimal launching sites in a given situation.
Information Center of Kakheti reported that the strong hail storm on Thursday still destroyed crops in the villages Karaghaji, Khirsa and Khornabuji, because the hail system, produced by Delta, which mainly produces military equipment, tanks and aircraft, started functioning twenty minutes later.
Delta explained that May 28, when the hail storm started, there were passenger aircraft in the sky and they didn't receive permission from air traffic control to activate the system due to security issues. But as a result of the anti-hail system, hail was destroyed over Telavi.
Strong rain flooded the village Kurdghelauri nearby Telavi. Agricultural lands, first floors of houses were flooded, and poultry killed.
According to the council, the system will now be activated in the regions Kakheti, Mtskheta-Mtianeti, Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti, Racha and Svaneti.
[reddiComments link=https://www.reddit.com/r/weather/comments/37pj09/antihail_rockets_deployed_to_save_crops_in_georgia/]
Screenshot by Steven Musil/CNET
The Web sites for banking giant JP Morgan Chase are offline this afternoon as the result of a distributed-denial-of-service attack, a representative told CNET.
The site's usual banking tools and content were replaced this afternoon with a message that said:
Our website is temporarily down, but our branches and Mobile Apps are available. Please try again later.
The representative couldn't say how long the site had been down or how long it would be until service was resumed.
Hackers have ratcheted up their assaults on financial institutions in recent months, using DDoS attacks to take down Wells Fargo, Bank of America, Chase, Citigroup, HSBC, and others. Though initially it was unclear who was behind the attacks, government officials and security researchers said in January that Iran was responsible for these cyberattacks.
Even the U.S. Federal Reserve was not immune to hackers, suffering a security breach last month of one of its internal Web sites. That attack came on the heels of the hacking group Anonymous claiming to have published log-in and private information from more than 4,000 U.S. bank executive accounts, though it was unclear if the two events were connected.
In its December report, security company McAfee said that attacks on U.S. financial institutions are only going to increase in 2013. The firm said that this isn't just a possibility; it's a "credible threat." Anonymous has also promised to increase its activity in 2013. In a statement issued at the beginning of the year, the group said that it has no plans to fade away in the year to come.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev's ex-girlfriend said he used to beat her if she wore Western clothing and tried hard to turn her against the United States.
Nadine Ascencao, 24, said that in her three years of dating Tsarnaev, he tried to change her into an Islamic extremist, The Daily Mail reported. She said in the report that she was originally obsessed with him but that she had a “lucky escape.”
Ms. Ascencao said in an interview with The Sun: “One minute he's this funny, normal guy who liked boxing and having fun, the next he is praying four times a day, watching Islamic videos and talking insane nonsense. He became extremely religious and tried to brainwash me to follow Islam. Tamerlan said I couldn't be with him unless I because a Muslim. He wanted me to hate America like he did.”
Tsarnaev, 26, was killed in a shootout with police stemming from the April 15 Boston Marathon bombings. His brother, Dzhokhar, 19, who is the second suspect in the terrorist attacks, is receiving long-term medical care under law enforcement watch at Fort Devens in Massachusetts.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
The two Swedes, aged 27 and 29, appeared in a federal court in Brooklyn, New York on Friday on charges that they had trained and fought with Somali group al-Shabaab.
It is not clear why the case is being brought in the United States. The FBI claims they are "real terrorists".
The 29-year-old's lawyer said that the defendants have not committed any crimes against America.
"American authorities believe that al-Shabaab, which has been designated as terrorists by the United States, propagates its activities on the internet and therefore 'affects American foreign trade'. In that case more or less anything falls within American jurisdiction," lawyer Ephraim Savitt told the TT news agency.
He confirmed that the Swedes were recruited by al-Shabaab but claims that they were on the run from the militant organization at the time of their arrest in Djibouti last summer.
According to the New York Times, the two Swedes and a 23-year-old man who was controversially stripped of his British citizenship this year were on their way to Yemen.
The men were extradited to the United States after a series of interrogations by FBI and others.
According to Savitt, the Swedish Foreign Ministry was notified already at the time of the arrest in Djibouti.
"But I am not aware of any specific efforts made by Swedish authorities," he said.
Representatives of the Swedish Consulate in New York have visited the Swedes on at least one occasion.
Both are of Somali origin and hold Swedish citizenship.
"I can't go into any detail about our conversation or what they asked for," said Charlotta Ozaki Macias, a Swedish Foreign Ministry spokeswoman.
The men appeared in the Brooklyn court together with the 23-year-old Brit. They were aided by a Swedish interpreter.
If found guilty, they could face up to 30 years in prison.
According to Over Bring, Professor Emeritus in public international law, countries can charge individuals who have committed crimes abroad if they are believed to jeopardize national interests.
"It is a question of evidence, how concrete this threat against US security is and if it is a credible argument," Bring told TT.
"In today's climate, I can't help but suspect that this would work in an US court."
The men are accused of participating in weapons and explosives training with al-Shabaab during a four-year period beginning in 2008.
Court documents show no connection between the alleged crimes and the United States, the New York Times reported.
TT/The Local/nr Follow The Local on Twitter
In response to Microsoft's Computer Online Forensic Evidence Extractor (COFEE), which helps law enforcement officials grab data from password-protected or encrypted sources, two developers have created "Detect and Eliminate Computer Assisted Forensics" (DECAF), a counterintelligence tool designed to thwart the Microsoft forensic toolkit. DECAF monitors the computer it's running on for any signs that COFEE is operating on the machine and does everything it can to stop it.
More specifically, the program deletes COFEE's temporary files, kills its processes, erases all COFEE logs, disables USB drives, and even contaminates or spoofs a variety of MAC addresses to muddy forensic tracks. It can be told to disable almost every piece of hardware on a machine and delete pre-defined files in the background. The 181KB DECAF program even has a 'Spill the cofee' mode in which it simulates COFEE's presence to give the user an opportunity to test his or her configuration before actually using it. Source code for DECAF has not been made available, since the authors fear it will be reverse engineered, making it unclear what else the tool might be doing and whether or not it is completely safe to use.
DECAF's developers say future versions of the program will allow computer owners to remotely lock down their machine via text message and e-mail once they detect that it has fallen into law enforcement hands and even send out notifications to other parties in the case of an emergency. The plan is to make DECAF's next release more light-weight, possibly having it run in the form of a Windows service.
COFEE, a suite of 150 bundled off-the-shelf forensic tools that run from a script, was created by Microsoft to help law enforcement officials gather volatile evidence that would otherwise be lost in traditional, offline forensic analysis. Officers can run the script in the field from a USB stick, before the computer is brought back to the lab, letting them grab data from password-protected or encrypted sources. The forensics tool works best with Windows XP, but Microsoft is working on a new version of COFEE for next year that fully supports Windows Vista and Windows 7.
Microsoft first revealed the 15MB tool back in April 2008, and in April 2009, the company announced that it will aid global law enforcement in fighting cybercrime by providing COFEE free of charge to 187 countries, distributing it through Interpol. Microsoft managed to keep the existence of it quiet until November 2009, when pirates decided it was time to leak the tool so that people other than just government crime-fighters could use it. Weeks later, Microsoft started issuing takedown notices to multiple websites that hosted the tool. It's unclear whether Microsoft will react to the fact that there's now software that aims to render COFEE useless.
Update
Apparently, it was all just a stunt. All copies of DECAF have been disabled. The official site, DECAFme has more information.
Update
Nintendo just announced that Story of Seasons would actually come out on December 31st in Europe, one week and day earlier than initially planned (January 8th). Unfortunately, we don't know yet if the release date for Australia was also changed, or if it's still January 9th.
Also, make sure to check out the screenshots we added earlier this week!
***
Back in September, Nintendo announced that it would publish Story of Seasons in Europe in Q1 2016. For those who still don't know, this is the latest entry in the original Harvest Moon series, now known as Story of Season outside Japan. It was released earlier this year in North America (in March), and will be available in Europe in a couple of weeks.
Earlier today, Nintendo sent a press release to announce that the game would come out on January 8th in Europe (and the following day in Australia/New Zealand, as usual). It also reminds us of the main elements of the game, starting with the basics: you can choose which crops to grow and animals to raise.
One you've progressed far enough in the game, you can take part in annual competitions in town, make your own furniture, but also explore a safari. The game even has online functionalities: you can go visit your friends' farms, help them with harvesting, exchange gifts, and more.
Of course, you can customise your characters with various outfits, which will be necessary to woo your bachelor / bachelorette of choice. What's more, some accessories can even grant some bonuses such as increased stamina, or increased selling price for your crops.
As a farmer, you can bring your produce to the Trade Depot in order to trade it with farmers from exotic locations. Obviously, the traders aren't always looking for the same thing, so you will have to think carefully about when to sell your produce, in order to make as much money as possible.
What's more, if you trade products (such as fertiliser, fish and milk), while buying items like silk and blueprints (which are used to create new tools), you can attract even more traders to town, and maximise your profits. Being a good farmer also requires you to be a crafty businessman, it seems!
Finally, Nintendo mentions the Mystery Seeds, which allow you to grow some very special crops. Those look like famous Nintendo Items:
Super Mushroom (immediately grow all nearby plants)
Super Star (keep your crops fresh for up to thirty days, and make them more valuable)
Fire Flower (get rid of any wilted crops)
Here are some screenshots for the game:
Story of Seasons (3DS) comes out on January 8th in Europe.
Source: Nintendo
Two months after Ryan Collins was named as the person responsible for hacking into the private accounts of Jennifer Lawrence, Rihanna, Kate Upton, and other female celebrities, and stealing private information from them including nude photos that later leaked on the Internet, the 36-year-old Pennsylvania resident has pleaded guilty.
The Associated Press reports that Collins “pleaded guilty Tuesday in federal court to one count of gaining unauthorized access to a protected computer to obtain information.”
Per the same report, Collins “was accused of gaining access to more than 100 Google and Apple accounts from November 2012 to September 2014.” According to U.S. officials this past March, Collins accessed the personal data by “phishing” his celebrity victims between November 2012 and September 2014. During that two-year window, Collins allegedly sent e-mails to his victims that “that appeared to be from Apple or Google asking for usernames and passwords.” Once getting access to some accounts, “Collins downloaded the entire contents of the victims' Apple iCloud backups.”
According to Deadline, however, “investigators have not uncovered any evidence linking Collins to the actual leak of the nude photos, or any proof that Collins shared or uploaded the information he obtained.”
Sentencing has not yet been scheduled for Collins, who faces a maximum penalty of five years in federal prison.
In November 2014, just months after stolen photos of Lawrence were splashed on the Internet, the then 24-year-old actress spoke to Vanity Fair's Sam Kashner about the anger she felt over what she classified “a sex crime.”
“Just because I'm a public figure, just because I'm an actress, does not mean that I asked for this,” Lawrence said. “It does not mean that it comes with the territory. It's my body, and it should be my choice, and the fact that it is not my choice is absolutely disgusting. I can't believe that we even live in that kind of world.”
“It is a sexual violation,” she continued. “It's disgusting. The law needs to be changed, and we need to change. That's why these Web sites are responsible. Just the fact that somebody can be sexually exploited and violated, and the first thought that crosses somebody's mind is to make a profit from it. It's so beyond me. I just can't imagine being that detached from humanity. I can't imagine being that thoughtless and careless and so empty inside.”
A modern human who lived in what is now Romania between 37,000 and 42,000 years ago had at least one Neanderthal ancestor as little as four generations back—which is to say, a great-great-grandparent.
Scientists have known for at least half a decade that living humans bear traces of Neanderthal blood—or more specifically, Neanderthal DNA . Just when and where our ancestors bred with their now-extinct cousins , however, has been tricky to pin down until now. A new study published Monday in the journal Nature has the highest percentage of Neanderthal DNA of any modern human ever studied.
“I could hardly believe that we were lucky enough to hit upon an individual like this,” says study co-author Svante Pääbo of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig.
The specimen, known as Oase 1, consists only of a male jawbone, and from the moment it was discovered in 2002 its shape suggested that it might belong to a hybrid between Homo sapiens and Neanderthal. Those claims have remained controversial, but the new analysis lays the controversy to rest. “It's really stunning,” says Oxford's Tom Higham , an expert on the Neanderthal-human transition who was not involved in this research.
Part of what stuns Higham is the genomic artistry it took to tease useful genetic information out of the tiny DNA samples lead author Qiaomei Fu of Harvard Medical School and her team were able to extract from the jawbone. “We tried to do this in 2009 and failed,” says Pääbo. His lab has been working since then to improve their techniques, with resounding success.
The genome they sequenced from the samples was incomplete, but it was enough for the scientists to conclude that between 6% and 9% of Oase 1's genome is Neanderthal in origin. People living today have 4% at most.
That difference is more significant than it might seem. “We found seven huge pieces of chromosomes that seemed to be purely of Neanderthal origin,” says Pääbo. That means pieces had to come from a relatively recent ancestor, since they hadn't yet been broken up by the reshuffling that happens in each generation as parents' chromosomes combine, he explains.
View Images This jawbone from a 40,000-year-old modern human shows some Neanderthal features—and DNA now confirms he had a Neanderthal ancestor as few as four generations back. Photograph by Svante Pääbo, Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology
The non-Neanderthal genome sequences, meanwhile, show that Oase 1 isn't related to humans living today. His genealogical line died out at some point.
This analysis represents a biotechnological tour de force, but it also puts paleoanthropologists a step closer to fully answering to what Higham calls the $64,000 question: What happened to wipe out the Neanderthals, and when? Genomic analysis of a 45,000-year-old human thighbone last year suggested that humans and Neanderthals interbred in what is now Siberia sometime between 50,000 and 60,000 years ago—an extremely imprecise number, and a very broad conclusion.
“The great breakthrough here,” Higham says, “is the ability to say ‘this specific person had a Neanderthal great-great-grandfather.' That puts a human timescale on it.” If scientists can figure out when interbreeding took place in different parts of Europe and the Middle East, they'll be able to say in detail just how rapidly humans spread across these regions, how long they were in contact with Neanderthals—and maybe tell us at last why our nearest relatives vanished.
There's an old programmer quote that goes something like this,
Some people, when confronted with a problem, think
“I know, I'll use regular expressions.” Now they have two problems.
I feel the same way about teams working overtime. In fact, I would phrase it like this,
Some people, when confronted with a problem, think “I know, we'll just work some overtime." Now they have two problems. [click to tweet]
They still have their original problem and have now added one more problem to the pile.
So what's the second problem?
The problem is that overtime has been proven time and again to be detrimental to both teams and organizations. Overtime leads to,
Fatigue
Undertime
A Demotivated team
Turnover, which in turn results in a loss of tacit knowledge to the organization
A reduction in quality
Lack of predictability and increased variance
Let's explore these items.
When workers work overtime they get fatigued, this should be obvious. It should also be obvious that when people are spending more time working, they're spending less time resting and getting things done in their personal lives. This means they will be less focused and productive on the job. On top of that, they may have to start taking care of personal business at work and there may be an increase in absenteeism, sick days, and work from home time. The combination of all these factors is often referred to as "undertime”. This is inevitable and not something that can be easily managed away.
It also demotivates the team. Who wants to work on a death march project? Who wants to be told again and again, that while their “concerns are valid and failure seems inevitable, we must continue to pour in more hours in the hopes that we can get something somewhat passable out the door by the deadline”? That doesn't sound like an organization I'd want to work at for very long.
Eventually, the people who can find other jobs, do find other jobs. This leads to a loss of tacit knowledge that can never be recovered by the organization. This will make any future projects even more difficult and painful since all the people who understood how things worked in the organization, no longer work there.
Of course, with fatigue and tight timelines, quality is usually the first thing to go. That's ok, since we know all about technical debt, and we can take some on as long as we're willing to pay it off later, right?
Well, organizations that view overtime as a solution often never end up paying off their technical debt. This means more bugs and live issues to deal with. It also becomes harder and takes longer to develop new features since you have to wade through more poor/hacked code.
This means there is now more variance in your system. More variance, means more unpredictable things that could pop up and derail you in the middle of your next project. Also, since the number of hours worked is varying, you can't really get a handle on how productive the team is on a more regular schedule.
In turn, this makes it harder to put together a reliable schedule for your future projects. But don't worry, you can just work some more overtime to catch up on… oh, wait…
Oh, and if that wasn't enough. It looks like overtime is also bad for your health.
So let's update our original statement a bit,
Some people, when confronted with a problem, think “I know, we'll just work some overtime." Now they have a large number of unpredictable problems that will reveal themselves in the future when you least expect it.
Still sound appealing? Let's continue.
Who's making the commitment for the team to work overtime in your organization? [click to tweet]
In most organizations, it's usually management coming to the team and either asking or mandating that they work overtime. From the perspective of the team, it looks like the team is being asked to make sacrifices to get management out of a bind they created by being unable to properly plan a project or stand up to clients.
No wonder they lose motivation.
This perception is at least partially true. As we've seen above, it becomes difficult for any team caught in this cycle to perform at a predictable pace and it's left to the poor manager to try and pick a random number that's not too offensive to the client and still looks somewhat plausible to the team. So I'll give most managers in this situation a pass on that one.
However, the team is correct in assuming that this is not a development team problem. While the team may be able to provide ideas on technical solutions or changes to approaches that might assist with the scheduling problem, at the core, this is a business problem. Things have gone awry for one reason or another and now we have to adjust our plan. Typically you'd expect to hear things about a triangle of scope, cost, and schedule. I don't see overtime in that list…
So why isn't the problem being taken to the business/client? Because that's a hard conversation to have, and most people, including managers, fear hard conversations and will avoid them at all costs. [click to tweet] Sometimes it's just easier to say, "Just do it”, to the team than it is to say, “We can't do it”, to the client.
Failure to have this conversation with the client is a failure to respect the client. That may seem counter-intuitive, but it's true. Good client relationships are based on trust and trust means being open with the client when things have gone bad.
If you keep aggressively pushing and pushing and continue to fail to deliver quality software, you will lose the confidence of the client. On the other hand, if you give them adequate notice and treat them with respect, they may be disappointed, and unhappy, but they will at least respect you for your honesty. Without respect, there is no trust. A relationship without trust cannot last long.
It's also important to note, that it doesn't matter whose fault it is. The conversation required here is not about blame, it is simply about discussing the reality of the current situation and adjusting accordingly. There will be a time for discussing where things can be improved, but that conversation must be a separate discussion from any discussion involving overtime as the two are unrelated.
What if the client insists that you work overtime? Well, here's where managers earn their money. It's up to management to explain to the client exactly what the possible side effects are to the situation and what the team can and cannot be accountable for if they accept the overtime request.
In addition, the client must be willing to accept any additional financial costs, recovery hours, as well as scheduled time to pay off any technical debt accrued during this time. The preference should always be given to avoiding overtime work. The costs far out weigh the benefits. Good managers are able to convince clients that overtime is not the path to go down.
So based on this, let's update our statement again,
Managers, when confronted with a scheduling problem, think “I know, instead of having a valuable business discussion with the client, I'll just make the team work some overtime." Now they have a large number of unpredictable problems that will reveal themselves in the future when you least expect it and result in an unhappy client who does not trust the team.
Who's up for some overtime?
Today's image by tm-tm
With Beta 4 we are only looking at bug fixing rather than features. Further down we will list several of the more important fixes that have been added since last beta. Hopefully Beta 4 will be the last one, before we will enter Release Candidate stage. This means final release is nearing.
For a full run down of the major features of XBMC 13, as well as a review of the hazards of switching to XBMC 13, see our Beta 1 post. The list of all Gotham related news can be found here listing all past blog posts.
Fixes
* Fix unwanted volume restore on Airplay volume
* Fix occasional crashing on GUI language changing
* Don't drain Wii battery by disabling motion sensing
* Fix various problems when using NFS as media source
* Restore the music background playback ability for iOS
* Improved support for Amazon Fire-TV
* Fix various playback issues on Android
* Fix double application of 16-235 correction on DXVA-HD.
* Other fixes
After upgrade
After you have updated from Frodo or any earlier alpha or beta it might pay of, to force refresh the XBMC.org repository. This is to make sure the most recent repository list is loaded and needed updates become available. This could be the case when wanting to use the new subtitle downloading feature and you cannot find the new services to install. Doing it regardless doesn't hurt. Here's a quick how-to found on our wiki: Force refresh
Skins
Creating a skin for XBMC takes many months of designing, coding, testing, tweaking and a lot of patience to get it just right. However with every major XBMC release there is the problem of skins becoming incompatible due to various code changes. So for every release people who put a lot of effort creating these skins, need to adapt it for the next XBMC version. This could mean that your favourite skin doesn't work in the next XBMC version. We are very glad to say, that thanks to a group of skin developers, there are already 9 Gotham compatible skins available in XBMC.org repository. From memory this has never happened before, that within beta stage there are that many already available for you to enjoy using. On our forum there are several more skins being worked on, to get these into shape for people to use. So hopefully by the time of final release, there will be several more available. So let's all thank the developers for their hard work they do for the XBMC community.
Available in our Gotham repository are:
Ace, Aeon MQ 5, Amber, Black Glass Nova, Confluence, Hybrid, Metropolis, Quartz, Re-Touched, Transparency!
Conclusion
Should want to download and install XBMC, please visit our download page.
* Official XBMC downloads
How to Contribute
If you use these builds, we encourage you to submit bugs in Trac (following this guide: How to submit a bug report), provide support in our Forums where you can, or donate to the Foundation if you like. For a current FAQ on XBMC 13, visit our Gotham FAQ.
Important:
https://kodi.wiki/view/Main_Page is the only official place anything XBMC related. This includes news, announcements, information or XBMC downloads. There are of course manufacturers who also provide support with customized XBMC versions, tailored for their devices. Should you have purchased from them it would be wise to first check, if it's a known issue with that specific version. Any other third-party websites, offering you XBMC installations, or people offering you pre-installed devices, are not officially supported by Team XBMC and may contain unwanted and unsupported additions, changes and add-ons. Installing these versions is at your own risk. XBMC does not provide any media content on it's own and comes with no add-ons installed regarding this. Should you have problems please contact the correct add-on developer or website should you experience any issues.
This email has also been verified by Google DKIM 2048-bit RSA key
Re: Takes the cake....
From:tgayle@hillaryclinton.com To: ha16@hillaryclinton.com CC: jschwerin@hillaryclinton.com, HRCrapid@googlegroups.com, ckeigher@hillaryclinton.com, lvalmoro@hillaryclinton.com, anangia@hillaryclinton.com, nmerrill@hillaryclinton.com Date: 2015-04-21 23:07 Subject: Re: Takes the cake....
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3049595/Hillary-s-class-end-New-Hampshire-campaign-trip-railed-against-rich-80mph-race-BOSTON-catch-flight-elite-seats.html Daily Mail: Hillary's back in first class at end of New Hampshire campaign trip where she railed against the rich - after 80mph race to BOSTON to catch flight with elite seats - *Speedometer-busting race to Boston Logan International Airport hit 80 in a 55 MPH zone* - *Clinton and her entourage took US Airways 2120 to Washington Reagan International Airport near DC - and sat in first class* - - *First class seat is after campaign trip where she said of rich: 'The deck is stacked in their favor. My job is to reshuffle the pack.'* - - *T**he Manchester, NH airport would have been 55 miles closer and had a flight two hours earlier - but it was on smaller plane* - - *NASCAR-like trip down I-93 came less than 24 hours after Clinton's Secret Service detail raced down rain-slicked New Hampshire freeways at 92 mph* Hillary Clinton ended her whirlwind New Hampshire campaign swing on Tuesday afternoon in another state entirely, taking taxpayers for an 80 miles-per-hour ride all the way to Boston - to catch a flight with first class seats. Her Secret Service-provided 'Scooby' van motored from Concord to Boston Logan International Airport, escorted by troopers from both New Hampshire and Massachusetts. She arrived in time to take a 7:00 p.m. US Airways shuttle to Washington, D.C. On the way, her motorcade passed exits to the Manchester, N.H. airport, which was 55 miles closer and offered a 5:16 p.m. flight to the same destination. The Boston flight, though, takes a larger aircraft with 12 seats in its First Class section. The Manchester flight was scheduled to use a smaller plane. Clinton spent much of her New Hampshire trip railing against America's '1 per cent' richest, but took the priciest seat home she could find without chartering a private plane. During her trip she said of the wealthy: 'The deck is stacked in their favor. My job is to reshuffle the cards.' According to the New York Times <http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/22/us/politics/hillary-clintons-quest-to-prove-her-populist-edge-is-as-strong-as-elizabeth-warrens.html>, she spoke to a group of economists about 'toppling' the country's financial elites if she were elected president. After a carefully managed morning event at a community college near the state capitol, Clinton held two private meetings, and then bolted to Boston at speeds 25 mph over the limit posted along portions of Interstate 93. At least the roads were dry. Less than 24 hours earlier, her Secret Service drivers led reporters on a 92-mph race through New Hampshire on a rain-slicked freeway. The Airbus 319 series aircraft that took Clinton and her closest aide - Huma Abedin - back to Washington in comfort. The two women had the very front seats on the flight. A Masaachusetts state trooper and a Secret Service agent greeted passengers on the jetway, providing the first hint at the VIP on board. Clinton's choice to fly out of Boston instead of Manchester could anger southern New Hampshire voters who tire of being told they are little more than a Boston exurb. There is no meaningful Massachusetts presidential primary election. Read more: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3049595/Hillary-s-class-end-New-Hampshire-campaign-trip-railed-against-rich-80mph-race-BOSTON-catch-flight-elite-seats.html#ixzz3XznzuAuL Follow us: @MailOnline on Twitter <http://ec.tynt.com/b/rw?id=bBOTTqvd0r3Pooab7jrHcU&u=MailOnline> | DailyMail on Facebook <http://ec.tynt.com/b/rf?id=bBOTTqvd0r3Pooab7jrHcU&u=DailyMail> On Tue, Apr 21, 2015 at 9:04 PM, Huma Abedin <ha16@hillaryclinton.com> wrote: > Officially the most intrepid reporter thus far is the daily mail! He > hung out at Boston airport with us for 4 hours and flew to dc with > us!! > Grabbed her when we landed at school airport. Asked her why she didnt > take the more convenient flight back from Manchester. Also asked her > when she would start answering questions about Ben ghazi. Charming. > > -- > You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups > "HRCRapid" group. > To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an > email to hrcrapid+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. > To post to this group, send email to hrcrapid@googlegroups.com. > For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. > -- Tyrone Gayle Regional Communications Desk Hillary For America 904.612.3495 @TyroneGayle -- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "HRCRapid" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to hrcrapid+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. To post to this group, send email to hrcrapid@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.
Hardware Workshop is coming to your city!
Last month Hardi spoke at the Boston Hardware Workshop. He gave sage advice from his perspective as a successful startup founder. The event sounded interesting and extremely useful to hardware entrepreneurs. I decided to call up the founder of Hardware Workshop, Marc Barros, to find out more.
Who are you and what is Hardware Workshop?
My name is Marc Barros and I'm an entrepreneur. The first company I built was Contour and most recently we funded Moment on Kickstarter.
Hardware Workshop is a two day workshop for founders of hardware startups, taught by experienced builders. It's purpose is simple: teach important lessons to the next generation of hardware entrepreneurs.
What makes this workshop unique is the quality of the content, the way it's taught, and the operational experience of the teachers. Hand curated, each teacher covers a unique topic that falls within the startup life cycle - from idea to reaching market fit.
Why did you start running these workshops?
I created this because I believe that a key ingredient to an entrepreneur's success is learning. Although hardware is an exciting new frontier, it is still considered the double black diamond of startups. It is hard and to be successful at it you not only need to learn a lot, you need to meet people who can help you.
The next Workshop is in Toronto. What can attendees expect to learn?
Lots. We will have 12 different 60 minute sections, taught by experienced operators. The topics will cover some of the following: Refining to an MVP
Defining your brand
Navigating patents and IP
Funding your hardware startup
Being retail ready
Building a team
Turning customers into fans
What happens after crowdfunding
Picking the right supplier
Telling your story
Hardware design process
Succeeding at crowdfunding
Do you have any memorable moments so far?
Each event has been unique. What we are most proud of is that post event surveys have been incredibly positive. We run these workshops on the side to help the overall hardware startup community. It makes it worth the effort when people have a super positive experience.
What's coming up that you're looking forward to?
I love learning. The teacher list is amazing and spending two days with 100 passionate people about hardware startups is a lot of fun.
To see the full list of teachers and the rest of the event details, visit hardwareworkshop.com
The next event is in Toronto on May 2 - get over there!
Follow Lindsey on Google+
Last year the selection committee tried to pit the Notre Dame Fighting Irish against the West Virginia Mountaineers as the 3-6 second round matchup in the West Region. As we all (sadly) remember, WVU blew it. Well, they didn't really blow it, they just didn't do anything to make it happen. Thomas Walkup and the Stephen F. Austin Lumberjacks, behind Walkup's 33 points, dominated the Mountaineers 70-56, and the committee didn't get their matchup. So naturally, when you (the selection committee) fails once, restart and try again. This year, in the same West Region, the committee is trying for a 4-5 West Virginia vs Notre Dame matchup. This year though, I'm proud to say WVU won't blow it, I hope, but… Notre Dame will blow it this time.
That's right, you're hearing it here, on Thursday at 12:15, the first game of the round of 64, will be the coveted 5-12 upset. The 12 seed Princeton Tigers have what it takes to upset the Irish this year. I know what you're thinking, usually mid-majors need to force turnovers to win games in the tourney and Notre Dame has the least amount of turnovers per game. I don't think it will matter. I think Princeton is good enough to beat them anyway. Princeton is currently on a 19 game win streak, the second longest in the country, only trailing Vermont. After starting off a measly 4-6, Princeton hasn't lost since December 20th in a 96-90 lost to a good Monmouth squad, look for that streak to extend to 20, and maybe even 21.
Since Princeton is known really for their offense, let me start with their defense. Princeton isn't exactly a massive team, and size is usually where power 5 teams take advantage of smaller mid majors, but not this Notre Dame squad. Their center is only 6'5, and while he plays well as a big, they shouldn't create any terrible mismatches for Princeton, like say Purdue would with Caleb Swanigan. Good defense leads into good rebounding and, as a stat special, Princeton has exactly 1 more rebound on the year then their opponents, 969-968. Even with all the credit their offense gets, they aren't a bad defensive team either, holding teams to only 61.5 PPG. With that 61.5 they hold their opponent to only 41.6% shooting with a 33.2% mark from 3. They force 13.4 turnovers per game, which against Notre Dame shouldn't mean too much, but if they force Notre Dame into some uncharacteristic turnovers it could turn into a, dare I say, blowout.
Their offense is the wheels that keeps this Princeton train rolling. They are a stellar offensive team, but they have the potential for a letdown. 45.7% of Princeton's total field goal attempts on the year have been 3's. They truly do “live by the 3, die by the 3.” So far however, Princeton is living, and they're doing it luxuriously. They make 38.3% of their 3's, even at that ridiculous pace of attempts per game. They average an even 10.0 3's per game. They do shoot 45.2% overall, which comes out to 51.1% from inside the 3 point line, but don't watch the game expecting Princeton to drive into the paint. They're perfectly content moving the ball around the perimeter and knocking down a 3 in Steve Vasturia's face. Notre Dame's 3 point stats are close to those of Princeton, and if Princeton can keep up with Notre Dame in the 3 point department, it could end up being a fun game. Princeton has 4 guys averaging in double digits, with another at 9.5, with 3 of those 5 shooting better than 41% from 3. If Notre Dame wants to preserve this early round victory, they will have to guard all positions, and most importantly, be able to guard the perimeter.
I do truly think Princeton will pull this upset, but I don't want to go as far as to guarantee it, as nothing can be guaranteed in the tournament. But, if you want to get a leg up on the other guys in your poll challenge, maybe win a couple bucks, strongly consider picking Princeton to beat the Irish. (If you're feeling extra confident, maybe even pick them over WVU).
KENTUCKY - USA - Scientists and researchers at the George W Bush Research Institute of Neocon Science have finally discovered the real reason why thousands of birds are mysteriously falling dead out of the skies all over the world.
“After much research, we have finally come to the conclusion that Jesus is coming back soon and we are getting very close to the Rapture,” Professor Alex Pendleton, the chief scientist in charge of the emergency study into the bird deaths told Fox News.
According to many of the scholars, Jesus is flying around the earth at thousands of miles per hour waiting for the right time to land and it is because of the immense speed he is flying at that he is colliding with birds who are migrating back up north from their winter retreats in the southern hemisphere.
The Rapture
“Jesus is coming back for the Rapture when all the Christians will be lifted up and taken up to heaven, where they will live in paradise for all eternity. He is circling the earth right now as we speak and when he lands there will be bright lights and sounds of angels blowing their trumpets and bassoons. If you ain't a true Christian, you're shit outta luck though. He's definitely coming now because of all the troubles in the world. Gays in the military and Obama the Anti-Christ,” Professor Pendleton said.
Christian scholars from the institute previously said that the Rapture was meant to have occurred in 2009 but it was subsequently re-scheduled for 2010, that date did not materialise either, so hopefully 2011 will be the year that Jesus comes back to save the Christians from living on earth.
Radar Tracking Jesus
“We've been tracking him circling the earth for weeks now on radar and satellite. We use satellite trackers to see Jesus. He sure flies fast too. I saw him banking over the horizon last night and he zoomed past at about 12,000 km/h. Dang, it was a beautiful sight. He made a great big ‘whooshing' sound as he flew past. I just got chills down my back and had to get down on my knees right there in the gas station to pray,” Edward Jonestown, another researcher working on the project said.
Some country folk, however, have sadly tried to shoot Jesus as he strafed their towns in the Midwest.
“We had some boys shooting at him thinkin' he was an Iraqi attack airplane or the Russians. We had to go over to their trailer and tell them to stop shooting at Jesus. I think he's bulletproof anyway, but still it's disrespectful,” Merv Bart, a logger from Deans Creek in Wisconsin told CBS news.
There were also protests from wildlife preservation groups and animal rights activists who decry the fact that Jesus is out there killing birds because he's flying so fast.
“He saved the birds in the cages in the temple in Jerusalem. So what's he doing flying around killing all the blackbirds? I've reported him to the authorities and PETA,” Anna Bolic, an angry animal rights activist from Utah said.
Bitcoin, the digital currency in which transactions can be made without a central bank, increased in value substantially since it was created in 2008. In 2013, the price of one Bitcoin went from $13 to over $1,100. The value of the currency dropped this year after Bitcoin exchange company Mt. Gox shutdown in February and a false report was published about how the Chinese government banned the digital currency in the country. As of right now, the value of 1 Bitcoin is worth more than $600. Google has now made it easier to track these fluctuations by adding a Bitcoin tracking tool to its search website.
The Bitcoin value will appear if you search for "price of BTC" or "Bitcoin price" on Google. You can also see the price of Bitcoin converted to other currencies and vice-versa. For example, if you type "10 Bitcoin to USD," then you will see something like this:
Google is working with Coinbase to support the Bitcoin conversions. This is a similar move that Microsoft made in February with its Bing.com search engine. Yahoo! added Bitcoin pricing to Yahoo! Finance last month and Bloomberg added it to financial terminals in April. This feature builds on Google's addition of Bitcoin to a currency tracker in Google Finance last month. The currency tracker feature on Google Finance lets you see a graph of current and past Bitcoin values:
The digital currency conversion and price search function also works on Google's mobile search engine. The functions are supported by Google's Voice Search so you can ask Google "what is the price of Bitcoin" and it will say the answer out loud.
A number of companies announced this year that Bitcoin will be accepted as a form of payment. This includes online retail giants Overstock.com and Tigerdirect.com. Internet companies WordPress, Etsy, Reddit, Zynga, PayPal, eBay and OkCupid also accept Bitcoin. Even Virgin Galactic is accepting Bitcoin for people that want to travel to outer space.
Kashmir Hill, a senior online editor at Forbes, lived on Bitcoin for a week and wrote an e-book about it, which I highly recommend for people that are interested in learning how the digital currency works.
Have you ever used Bitcoin? Do you think Google's Bitcoin search function will be helpful for you? Let us know in the comments!
Former White House Chief of Staff and New Hampshire Gov. John Sununu got into a heated exchange with CNN's Alisyn Camerota about the network's coverage of the investigation into whether Trump officials colluded with the Russians during the 2016 election. Camerota asked Sununu about top Trump aide Jared Kushner's reported attempt to secure a back channel with Russians. Is Mr. Kushner is a target of the Russia probe? We don't know. Has he been accused of any wrongdoing? No. He hasn't. But he met with the Russians so cue the outrage, the rumors, and stuff about treason—all of which is utterly ridiculous in the absence of evidence.
In this supposed scheme to secure a back channel, Mr. Kushner is said to have had a meeting with a Russian banker with ties to Vladimir Putin to make this thing happen. Camerota asked about motivations behind the meeting after Sununu loudly declared that he doesn't think there's anything there.
“So, why would they meet?” asked Camerota. Well, let's say this back channel story is true; Fox News' Catherine Herridge has a report disputing the claim. Back channels are not unusual. It's happened under Obama, with the former president reaching out to Iran and Russia. Sununu also added that everyone involved in business and politics tries to meet with as many people as they can during the ten-week presidential transition period.
Camerota asked if Sununu would have “carved out time” to meet with a Russian banker with ties to Putin, which Sununu couldn't answer because it's an absurd hypothetical.
“You're asking hypotheticals on hypotheticals,” he said. Camerota said she was just trying to gauge his comfort level with all of this information about Russia, to which the former Bush chief of staff said, “The only discomfort I have is with folks in the media trying to create a venality without having the courage to specifically tell me what the venality I should be concerned about is.”
“Well, you should be concerned if there was collusion,” Camerota said, but Mr. Sununu wasn't finished.
“I don't have evidence of collusion. Do you?” he said.
“No,” responded Camerota.
And there you have it. What the hell are we talking about here? As I've mentioned before every “scoop” on this Russian collusion drama has fallen flat. The latest from Reuters says that Trump officials had 18 undisclosed contacts with the Russians in the last seven months of the campaign. It turned out to be nothing. Buried in the story is Reuters saying that none of the meetings pointed to collusion or wrongdoing. The liberal media and the Democrats are desperate to find anything to nullify the results of the 2016 election because their sucky candidate couldn't seal the deal. Get over it.
And Mr. Sununu wasn't letting Camerota off the hook for her coverage of the investigation that she insists just started when it actually began months ago.
“If [special counsel Robert] Muller comes out and says that my version is correct and yours isn't, how much crow are you going to eat?” asked Sununu.
“Governor, I don't have a version of events,” shot back a clearly irritated Camerota.
“Of course, you do,” shouted back Sununu.
Nothing criminal has been found, no evidence of collusion has been found, and again back channels are not unusual. This is getting more embarrassing by the day.
While global demand for coal is falling as the nations of the world have committed themselves to slashing carbon emissions, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull of Australia wants to help a powerful Indian conglomerate build an enormous system of coal mines in a remote stretch of Queensland.
Burning the estimated 66 million tons of coal a year that the Adani Group aims to produce from six open-pit and five underground complexes known as the Carmichael mine can only make it harder for the world to meet its aspirations under the Paris climate agreement. The project has prompted huge protests across Australia.
“You can't have both the Paris climate agreement and Adani's Carmichael coal mine,” the climate change activist Bill McKibben said. “Full stop.”
Mr. Turnbull has promoted the mine with the same argument President Trump has made to remove what he sees as impediments to coal mining in Appalachia, framing mining as a job creator in a region that sorely needs jobs. The prime minister has also supported Adani's request for a taxpayer-financed loan of $800 million.
President Obama and presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders (D-Vt.) this week announced separate initiatives to help low- and middle-income Americans afford solar power.
The White House announced an initiative to increase access to solar energy for all Americans, especially those in low and moderate-income communities, while expanding opportunities to join the solar workforce.
One key component of the initiative includes a goal to install 300 megawatts (MW) of renewable energy in federally subsidized housing, which is three times the administration's original goal.
Additionally, Obama's proposal would create a National Community Solar Partnership to unlock access to solar power for the nearly 50% of households and businesses that are renters or that don't have adequate roof space to install solar panels. The partnership also includes issuing a guide to support states in developing community solar programs.
Clean Energy Collective Obama's clean energy proposal would boost community solar initiatives, which allow renters and others who don't own detached homes to use solar through joint projects. In this photo is the Raffaele Road Solar Project, a 5.7MW photovoltaic community solar farm developed by the Clean Energy Collective at a former sand-and-gravel quarry in Plymouth, Mass. The project is producing 7.4 million kWh of clean energy every year.
Community solar farms, which parse out clean energy to a group of shareholders, have emerged as the next largest solar market in the U.S., according to GTM Research.
Over the next two years, community solar in the U.S. is poised to see its market size increase seven-fold, and by 2020 it will be expanding by half a billion watts annually, according to GTM.
Community solar farms are already expected to grow 500% this year in the U.S.
Obama's initiative also calls for expanding solar energy education and opportunities for job training.
The solar power industry created 31,000 new jobs last year, a growth rate that was 20 times the national average, according to the annual Solar Jobs Census.
Since the first Solar Jobs Census in 2010, solar industry employment has grown by 86%.
Sanders introduced the Low Income Solar Act (LISA), which would establish a $200 million loan and grant program through the U.S. Department of Energy to help with upfront costs of solar arrays on community facilities, public housing and low-income family homes.
Renewable energy costs are expected to drop 40% in next few years, according to a report from the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA).
Deutsche Bank Total photovoltaic capacity in the U.S. is expected to nearly double over the next two years.
Solar panel prices have dropped 75% since 2009, and those prices are expected to continue to fall. Residential solar PV systems are now as much as 70% cheaper to install than in 2008. From 2010 through the end of 2014, utility-scale solar PV costs dropped as much as 65%.
Because of the decline in solar power costs, there are now 21.3 gigawatts of installed solar capacity in the U.S. - enough to power 4.3 million homes, Sanders said in a statement. The amount of solar power generated today is 20 times what it was when Obama took office in 2009.
"It has never been cheaper to avoid dangerous climate change, create jobs, reduce fuel import bills and future-proof our energy system with renewables," Adnan Amin, director-general of IRENA, said earlier this year.
However, many low-income families who would benefit the most from a reduction in their electricity bills are not taking advantage of solar because of a combined lack of access to financing options, as well as having homes with roofs that cannot support a solar panel, Sanders said.
Deutsche Bank The total photovoltaic installations by market in the U.S.
"While the cost of solar panels has gone down in recent years, it is still out of reach for millions of low-income families that need it the most," Sanders said. "Families across this country struggle to pay electricity bills and access to solar energy can help reduce these costs."
The Low Income Solar Act would prioritize loans for woman- and minority-owned small businesses and set aside funding for developing solar arrays in Appalachia, Indian tribal lands and Alaskan native communities.
According to Sanders, while low-income families are the hardest hit by rising utility prices, they are also the hardest hit by the impacts of climate change. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the poor spend more than 60% of their income on basic necessities including electricity and food, compared to less than 45% for wealthy families.
"The scientific community tells us very clearly if we're going to reverse climate change and the great dangers it poses for the planet we must move aggressively to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels to sustainable energy," Sanders said. "We can achieve this goal, save families money and protect the planet for future generations."
A mostly complete guide on purchasing the Ultimate Driving Machine. Don't Panic.
*This is an article from APiDA Online. If you'd like to see more of these types of articles, check us out here.*
The story's original article can be found here.
What is this, and why do I need one?
Advertisement
This, dear readers, is BMW's ode to induction noise, lateral-Gs and tire smoke. It's your high-school sweetheart frozen in time, before they had a chance to gain 35 pounds and pursue that career in door-to-door knife sales. It's a capable daily driver, weekend toy and track harlot rolled into one timeless, (mostly) analog package.
Underneath its bulging hood lay the final form of BMW's race-derived naturally aspirated inline-6 S54 engine, making 333 horsepower, winding out to over 8000 rpm, with a torque curve flatter than a tone-deaf American Idol contestant. It gets from a stop to 60 MPH in less time than it took you to read this sentence. Here's everything you need to know about this astonishing platform.
There are two gearbox options: The manual 6-speed, and the SMG 6-speed. Let's cut to the chase - you want the manual. The SMG trips over its untied shoelaces when in traffic, and although it can be quite fun when approaching the speed limit, its affinity for eating clutches on hard launches and its inability to keep the SMG pump working for a prolonged time make it something to skip completely.
Advertisement
There were also two body options: The coupe and convertible. I'll save you some time here again - you want the coupe. Not only is the convertible less flowing aesthetically, it's heavier and not as rigid as its slim coupe sister.
Pictured: This is like putting a Wonderbra on Kate Upton. She definitely doesn't need it, and the end result is arguably worse than when you started.
Advertisement
The interior isn't spartan, but it's not something that would be considered fully loaded by BMW's standards. The base interior is dyed leatherette material covering a mildly-bolstered sports seat. Above that, there's a Nappa heated leather option with matching door panels and interior accents in colors ranging from "Mom paid for this" black to "More than you can afford, pal" burnt orange.
After 2004, the ZCP Competition Package was introduced, which gave the interior a bit of the european CSL flair, including alcantara steering wheel accents, shift knob, and gave the chassis upgraded steering, braking, and a upgraded 19" wheels all around. In my mind, this was BMW's way of making up for the neutered E36 M3 . I guess it's a start.
Advertisement
BMW went back to basics with the electronics in this car, as they only offered a 1-zone climate control in the E46, when the E36 had a dual-zone climate as standard. The base audio system was a BMW business CD, with options for a navigation (Widescreen DVD available on '02+ models), and a Harman Kardon premium upgraded speaker option available.
Advertisement
The efficient and responsive engine delivers very not-bad fuel economy, with some manual gearbox owners reporting just shy of 30 MPG highway, and just shy of 20 in the city.
How much can I expect to pay for it?
At the time of writing, based on my expert opinion, in no way pulling figures out of my nether stinky bits, I'd say the market has reached its bottom and they're as cheap as they'll ever be, considering mileage, options, and any mechanical issues. With just under 44,000 units sold in the US between 2001 and 2006, there's no shortage of examples to be had in the market.
Advertisement
To understand how much to pay for a specific example of car, I'll rank on a scale between 1 and 4, called the Car's Roadworthiness, Aesthetics and Performance, or C.R.A.P.
1. The Unicorn: A 1-owner car with ridiculously low mileage, garaged exclusively. It has a full dealer service history and the owner is extremely pedantic and sentimental about ownership. The car is flawless inside and out and has had all work performed by qualified professionals. The receipts for the maintenance and repair work completed are in chronological order in a 3-ring binder and possibly laminated, and all original materials are accounted for. This is a car that is devalued when it leaves the garage.
Price range: $20,500 - $30,000+, depending on location and options.
2: The Prize Possession: A car that has been maintainted by its owner at or above the standards set by the manufacturer. The only thing keeping this car from being a 1 are some threadbare details or details that could use some reconditioning, due to wear and tear. Mileage is relatively low, but not so low that you might mistake it for a car left in storage since new. A low number of owners and mostly available service history let you know this car was cared for well by all previous owners. A nearly perfect car.
Advertisement
Price range: $15,500 - $20,500, depending on location and options.
3. The Value Meal: A car that is average condition for the age, with miles being fairly acceptable. This car may or may not have service history, but shows no signs of major mechanical or cosmetic damage. It will need some reconditioning to get anywhere close to a 2 in terms of appearance. The title is clean, but may have a larger number of owners with a questionable history. It'll require some more money after the initial purchase, but it's a solid foundation and warrants an in-depth look, if not an outright purchase after inspection. Most cars will be in this category.
Price range: $10,500 - $15,500, depending on location and options.
4. The Dumpster Fire: A car that is a flat tire away from being totalled. This car will need major mechanical or cosmetic reconditioning to be presentable and driveable. This car may need to be towed, and may have a salvage title or major accidents in its past. Stay away unless you know what you're doing, or you want a parts car.
Advertisement
Price range: $6,500 - $10,500, depending on location and options.
See what they're selling for in real time on Ebay.
Is it expensive to maintain?
Yes, and no.
Regular maintenance can be a bit more than on a regular pleb person's car, but it's not astronomical. Just as I wrote in my article about used luxury cars , this car requires an oil made specifically for BMW M cars, Castrol 10W60. A full oil change, if you're not doing it yourself, can run you around $150. If you can manage to turn a wrench in the right direction, you can save about a third of that.
Advertisement
GMG may get a commission Buy now
Other than general maintenance, prices on parts are reasonable and there are enough aftermarket suppliers and community supporters that anything you need should be relatively easy to come by if you're willing to hold out for a deal. Expect around $700-$900 in regular maintenance each year, with $1500 every 3 years for a major service, such as valve adjustment and clutch.
Advertisement
GMG may get a commission Buy now
What problems should I look out for?
The E46 M3 has had quite a checkered past with a few major issues plaguing the otherwise relatively spotless reliability of this oddly simple car.
Advertisement
First and foremost, check the rear subframe for cracks or tears in the metal surrounding the mounts. This is a problem with all BMW E46s and costs many thousands of dollars to fix if left untreated, not to mention it makes the car unsafe to drive. If you're buying a car, make sure to check it yourself. If there is a small amount of damage, a chassis reinforcement kit can be purchased and installed with this guide. If you do find a car with a heavy damage subframe, it's not inconcievable that the repair costs could exceed the costs of the car.
Advertisement
Pictured: This will ruin your weekend.
In addition, there were 2 major recalls that you should look out for:
There was a "service action", or non-compulsory recall done on early '01-'03 cars regarding the connecting rod bearings. They were improperly sized at the factory, leading to premature catastrophic failures of the engines. Check that this recall was completed. If the owner is unsure, any BMW shop should be able to provide that info to the registered owner free of charge. The recall number is SIB 11-04-04. An early M3 with this recall done should be regarded as just as good as the later models. There are no associated risks with an earlier car with this work done, and at this point, it's very, veryrare to find a car without the recall work done at some point.
Advertisement
The second recall was on the VANOS solenoid, as it would seal improperly and fail over time. This wasn't as prevalent and wasn't compulsory. The DME (engine computer) was also reprogrammed in this case. The recall number is SIB 12-11-06.
The rest of the car is pretty flawless, other than some occassionally slow window regulators that require silicone lubricant every now and again.
Advertisement
What are the most desirable options?
If you really want your milkshake to bring all the boys to the yard, you'd need a 6 speed manual coupe, either Carbon Schwartz, Imola Red or Laguna Seca Blue, late model, preferably 2006, with a Nappa leather interior, ZCP package, Park Distance Control and DVD Navigation. Yeah, that would be mighty, mighty tasty. Now go find one.
Advertisement
Would you buy one?
If you had been following me on Twitter, you would've seen that I already have one and I'm trying to scrape her from the slimy bottom of my patented C.R.A.P scale and make her presentable enough to warranty a hefty profit and a cool story for my next Art Of The Flip.
Advertisement
Pictured: You know it's a keeper when the tow hook is attached.
Who else has one?
As a matter of fact, the fearless leader of the /DRIVE network, JF Musial, has one. Here's Matt Farah driving JF's personal car in a shootout between a hot hatch:
I just bought one, what do I do now?
Drive it like your hair's on fire.
The story's original article can be found here.
Follow APiDA Online on Twitter at @apidaonline
And like us on Facebook at
The prospect of a Donald Trump nomination has labor leaders scrambling to hold the line as the Republican frontrunner's appeal to disaffected working-class voters threatens to upset the traditional political calculus.
Clinton ad uses Trump's words against him as Democrats look to November Read more
The majority of America's almost 15 million unionized workers can be usually be relied upon to back the Democratic candidate in a presidential year, but leaders are concerned by Trump's populist message on trade and jobs – and his insistence that union workers are just one of many groups on a long list of those he claims “love” him.
“We can't be fooled,” Richard Trumka, president of AFL-CIO, America's largest federation of labor unions, implored his 12.5 million members at the organization's annual convention in Philadelphia this month. “Trump isn't interested in solving the problems he yells and swears about. He delivers punch lines, but there's nothing funny about them.”
As Hillary Clinton looks to push away the threat from Bernie Sanders with further wins in a slate of Democratic primaries across the north-east on Tuesday, organized labor is planning a multi-pronged assault on Trump in an effort to undercut his appeal and derail his presidential bid to the White House.
“Trump has some appeal at this point, there's no question about that,” said Steve Rosenthal, former political director for AFL-CIO. “But when you cut through it and begin to focus on his record – from his talk about trade agreements, to manufacturing abroad to offshoring jobs – Donald Trump is not going to appeal to union members.”
In the coming months, the AFL-CIO, which has not endorsed a candidate in the primary but has encouraged members to support the Democratic nominee, will launch digital attack ads against Trump and will ramp up its door-knocking campaign. The Service Employees International Union, which has endorsed Clinton, has organized phone banks for her nationwide, including most recently in Pennsylvania in the hope of getting out the vote on behalf of Democrats.
Yet Trump is resonating with voters who are struggling to make ends meet and who are seeing their friends' jobs shipped abroad, says John Cakmakci, president of United Food and Commercial Workers Union Local 951 in Michigan. And some of those voters are union members. Trump's populist positions on trade and his rejection of Washington politics have earned him votes across the Rust Belt, where several battleground states are key to winning the election in November.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest UAW had come out in support of Obama in both 2008 and 2012. Photograph: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
“[Trump] portrays himself as someone who is going to get it done: ‘I am going to get these jobs back.' But the fact of the matter is: how are you going to get them back? But people don't want to know that. They just like that five-second simple solution to the problem,” he said. He added that Trump's promises appeal to both Republicans and Democrats.
While unions still tend to lean Democratic, their rank-and-file members are increasingly split between the parties. In 2008, about 39% of households with union members cast their vote for Republican John McCain and in 2012 40% voted for Mitt Romney.
Working America, the political organizing arm of AFL-CIO, wanted to find out whether Trump's “rightwing” message appealed to workers outside Cleveland and Pittsburgh. After interviewing about 1,689 working-class Americans living in households earning less than $75,000, they found out that Trump was in fact the favored candidate. Of the 800 voters who had decided on a candidate at the time of the interview, about 300 favored Trump. Combined, the two Democratic candidates appealed to fewer workers – 174 chose Clinton and 95 chose Sanders.
“While most of Trump's support comes from the staunch Republican base, one in four Democrats who chose a candidate showed a preference for Trump,” said Working America's report.
The majority of respondents said they supported the candidate because of his pugnacious personality rather than for, say, his position on trade.
On Tuesday, Jared Szczesny, a card-carrying member of the United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America Union (UAW), will cast his vote for Trump in Pennsylvania's primary. In 2008 and 2012, UAW endorsed President Obama. This time UAW has yet to endorse a candidate, but is likely to back a Democrat.
Szczesny, 31, has never attended a Trump rally. He works seven days a week and has not been able to find the time. However, back in October, he picked up Trump's book The Art of the Deal. When he finished it, he knew that Trump had his vote.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Democratic US presidential candidate Bernie Sanders speaks during an election rally in Erie, Pennsylvania on 19 April. Photograph: Lucas Jackson/Reuters
About 127 miles north of Pittsburgh and 100 miles east of Cleveland is Erie, Pennsylvania, where Szczesny lives. He works for Accuride Wheel End Solutions, where he spends his afternoons at the plant, operating a machine that cuts wheels from steel and aluminum.
Erie is one of the cities left behind by the US economic recovery. In 2014, the median household income in Erie city was $33,007, and more than 27% of its residents were living in poverty.
“I work a half of a block from GE, where layoffs come in the thousands every couple of years or so,” said Szczesny. GE Transportation is part of General Electric; in November the GE locomotive manufacturing plant in Erie laid off 1,500 of its 4,500 workers. “There are no jobs around here. People scrounge for work, or work multiple jobs. I get tired of seeing my family and friends, and loved ones struggling over financial issues so often.”
It is Trump's business acumen that appeals to Szczesny and a handful of his coworkers, who he says will also be voting for Trump.
“He is not a typical politician. He has been in the working world, even as a young boy building houses with his father. He's not a career politician. He cares about jobs,” he said.
Earlier this month, Trump stood before nearly 9,000 supporters in Pittsburgh and promised to revive the steel and coal industries in the area if he became president.
“There are few places that have been more devastated by our trade policies than Pittsburgh. Don't worry, we're brought it all back,” said Trump.
Szczesny hopes so. It's why when he votes in Pennsylvania's primary on Tuesday, it will be for Trump.
“I am very conservative and do not agree with everything Mr Trump says or does, but I recognize him as the best candidate, and a great one at that,” he said.
A new tadpole that burrows through sand has been unearthed from the streambeds in the Western Ghats of India, according to a study published March 30, 2016 in the open-access journal PLOS ONE by Gayani Senevirathne from the University of Peradeniya and colleagues.
The group of scientists from University of Delhi, University of Peradeniya and Gettysburg College discovered and documented the interesting tadpole of the Indian Dancing frog family, Micrixalidae. These tadpoles were discovered from deep recesses of streambeds, where they live in total darkness until they fully develop into froglets. The identity of the tadpoles as Micrixalus herrei is genetically confirmed. These tadpoles are endowed with muscular eel-like bodies and skin-covered eyes, which facilitate burrowing through gravel beds. They lack teeth but have well-serrated jaw sheaths, which may help prevent large sand grains from entering the mouth while feeding and moving through sand. The tadpole gut contains small sand grains together with decaying organic matter, which acts as a nutrient source.
The Indian Dancing frogs typically wave their legs as a territorial and sexual display while sitting on boulders in streams. Though these displays are well known, the tadpoles of these frogs were completely unknown. This was, in fact, the only family of frogs and toads for which the tadpoles remained a mystery. Prof. SD Biju from University of Delhi says, "We provide the first confirmed report of the tadpoles of Indian Dancing frog family. These tadpoles probably remained unnoticed all these years because of their fossorial nature, which in itself is a rare occurrence in the amphibian world."
They examined the external morphology of the tadpoles and scrutinized their bones using a double staining procedure, which revealed the presence of ribs in very early stages of tadpoles. Prof. Madhava Meegaskumbura from University of Peradeniya states, "only four families of frogs are reported to have ribs, but we show that at least some of Micrixalidae also have ribs, even as tadpoles; this adaptation may provide for greater muscle attachment, helping them wriggle through sand." Also, whitish globular sacs storing calcium carbonate, known as "lime sacs," are present even in juvenile frogs of Micrixalus, which is uncommon in other frogs.
Very little is known about the habitat requirements of these tadpoles. Observations made so far show that the tadpoles inhabit sandy banks under canopy-covered streams. The new finding reiterates the uniqueness of amphibians of the Western Ghats biodiversity hotspot, providing a platform for future studies on this amphibian family, while also delivering useful information for conservation of these ancient and endemic frogs.
Major highlights:
Would-be graduate student unions celebrated the National Labor Relations Board's decision last summer saying that they could organize for elections at private institutions. The board has historically flip-flopped on the issue but hadn't previously recognized the right of graduate students on private campuses to bargain collectively since 2004.
Nearly a year since the board's 3 to 1 vote, however, definitive union successes have been few. Some elections have proved inconclusive, while others have failed or been canceled. And contract negotiations have stalled even where elections showed strong support for unionization.
Some union advocates have accused institutions of killing time until the Trump administration appoints new -- presumably anti-union -- members to empty seats on the NLRB. But administrators and their allies say they're carefully exercising their legal rights -- including those to appeals -- as part of a process with major implications for higher education.
Hunger Strike at Yale
“It's quite apparent to us that they are simply running out the clock until, hopefully, new appointees to the NLRB overturn this entire precedent,” said Charles Decker, a Ph.D. candidate in political science at Yale University and one of eight graduate students protesters currently on a hunger strike there.
Decker and his cohorts, who have been fasting for over a week, want to call public attention to the fact that Yale has yet to engage in contract negotiations with them. That's following a February election in which graduate assistants in eight of nine voting departments elected to join a union affiliated with Unite Here.
“We've been organization for a union for years, and we've basically tried everything that we know of to get the administration to sit down with us,” Decker said. Yet even after an NLRB-certified election, “they continue to use every legal delay tactic they can.”
Sympathetic graduate students and other allies held a vigil with the fasters Tuesday, asking Yale to negotiate. But others on campus have mocked the protest, including the Yale College Republicans, who hosted a barbecue next to the fasters' encampment last week.
Yale, meanwhile, says it's rightfully challenging Unite Here's unusual “micro-unit,” department-specific union strategy in which just several hundred out of several thousand graduate students were eligible to vote.
Peter Salovey, Yale's president, said in a statement Wednesday that the university appealed the election with the NLRB because “we are deeply troubled by the undemocratic method of department-by-department unionization,” resulting in 228 of the 2,600 Ph.D. students in the graduate school casting votes.
“I strongly support the value of free expression on this important question, as on all other questions,” said Salovey, expressing concern for the fasting students, who are drinking water and being monitored by medical personnel. “But threats of self-harm have no place in rational debate when an established dispute resolution process still exists. Respect for law and legal process, civil argument and persuasion: these are the hallmarks of airing and resolving disagreements at a university.”
Administrative Opposition Elsewhere
Yale's union strategy is unique, but other private institutions have appealed the outcomes of more traditional union elections. Graduate students at Columbia University -- who were the subject of the NLRB's major August decision -- for example, voted in December to form a union affiliated with the United Auto Workers. The university appealed that election based on reports of irregularities and inconsistencies at polling sites, but those claims were rejected by a regional NLRB office as immaterial to the overwhelming result in favor of unionization: 1,602 for and 623 opposed. Still, the university has appealed that decision to the full national board. Graduate students protested and rallied for recognition.
It's unclear when an NLRB decision will come, and what shape it will take. Pro-union board member Kent Y. Hirozawa left the board soon after the graduate employee decision, at the end of his term. The five-person board now has two empty seats, and President Trump recently appointed the only dissenting voice to the major Columbia decision, Philip Miscimarra, as board chair. Trump's administration has been slow in making other political appointments, but two new, anti-union members could flip the board in favor of administrations and managers -- and reverse the Columbia precedent altogether.
Joseph Ambash, a managing partner with Fisher Phillips in Boston who successfully argued against graduate student unions before the board in the 2004 case, concerning Brown University, said there's a “general understanding among management labor attorneys and, obviously, many employers around the country that a new NLRB majority will seek to reconsider a host of decisions,” including Columbia. Indeed, he said, “there's significant hope that the NLRB will correct the excesses of the past NLRB.”
Asked whether administrations that have opposed union bids are “running out the clock” for friendlier board appointments, however, Ambash said he doubted it. Every employer is entitled to seek legal review of elections, and "all of these things take time and all of these things are entirely appropriate.”
Ambash is among those who have criticized the Columbia decision for its unexpectedly broad take on student employees; while union elections thus far have tended to involve graduate teaching assistants, the decision paved a path for graduate research assistants and even undergraduate university employees to form unions.
Failed Bids
The first proposed undergraduate union involved resident advisers at George Washington University who wanted to affiliate with Service Employees International Union. But the union called off a planned vote this week. SEIU also withdrew a petition regarding a graduate student union at Duke University in March, after vote counting for an election was delayed over a number of challenged ballots; some were identified by both the union and the administration as those from students who were no longer enrolled or not enrolled in Ph.D. programs, who were not within the bargaining unit, or whose duties made them ineligible to vote.
The preliminary tally, not counting those disputed votes, was 398 for and 691 against unionization. Duke's organizing committee said in a statement that the decision to withdraw was “not a decision to quit fighting -- rather, it is a recognition that the source of our strength is not lawyers or litigation, but our collective knowledge, power and experience as graduate student workers.”
Recent graduate assistant union elections at Harvard and Cornell Universities also proved inconclusive. Students at Cornell, who want to affiliate with the American Federation of Teachers, are awaiting an official determination from the American Arbitration Association. Students at Harvard, who seek representation by the UAW, recently were granted a second election by a local NLRB official over the closeness of their vote: 1,272 for and 1,456 against, with 314 contested ballots. But Harvard's administration on Wednesday appealed that decision to a regional NLRB office.
"Students were highly engaged, and after nearly two years of organizing on campus," Harvard said in a statement, "thousands voted in the November election — a majority in opposition to unionization."
Some Success, and New Hopes for Negotiations
In better news for graduate student unions -- at least for now -- American University has said it doesn't intend to appeal the results of a March election by teaching assistants to affiliate with SEIU. Loyola University expressed disappointment with its graduate assistants' recent vote to affiliate with SEIU, but said it still planned to negotiate. Brandeis University, which has opposed graduate student unionization, also said this week that it looks forward to collective bargaining with its newly SEIU-affiliated teaching assistants.
William Herbert, director of the National Center for the Study of Collective Bargaining in Higher Education and the Professions at Hunter College of the City University of New York, said it's “difficult to discern a clear pattern” in union bid outcomes since the Columbia decision. Asked if administrations might be holding out for Trump appointees to the NLRB, Herbert said any answer would be speculative.
When and if negotiations begin on a number of campuses, they're likely to involve a number of unconventional union issues. Graduate student workers at Columbia, for example, have said they want their institution contractually declared a sanctuary campus, among other protections for international students -- such as secured pay and funding during absences due to visa renewal delays. Decker, at Yale, said he and other students are seeking access to adequate mental-health care and attention to racial equity concerns.
Decker said he's been trying to address recruitment and retention concerns among minority graduate students with the administration for some time, “delivering petitions and filing grievances and giving speeches. Every time they speak up, they pretend they can't hear me or that I'm not there, and it's quite clear to me that I'm invisible. The only way to make sure they hear me is through formal negotiations and actually getting a seat at the table.”
Inmates in the county jail in Williston, N.D., in July 2013. Andrew Burton/Getty Images
Allegations of rape and sexual assault involving inmates are increasing, and nearly half those assaults are committed against prisoners by correctional officers, according to a new report issued by the Justice Department's Bureau of Justice Statistics (BJS).
Prison and jail administrators reported 8,763 cases of alleged sexual abuse of inmates 2011, representing an increase of 4 percent from the 8,404 that were reported in 2010 and an 11 percent jump from the 7,855 reported in 2009, the report said.
The report released late last week defined sexual victimization as any nonconsensual sexual acts, abusive touching, threats and verbal sexual harassment. It involved surveying federal and state prisons, private prisons, local jails, military prisons and jails in Indian country — 1.97 million inmates in total.
The issue of prison rape has received heightened attention since Congress passed the Prison Rape Elimination Act in 2003, which calls for prisons and jails to keep detailed records of incidents of rape, to be published by the government annually.
This year's report, which crunched data from 2011, said that 10 percent of the cases reported that year were substantiated, meaning that they were confirmed to have happened after an investigation was launched.
That means 90 percent of the cases reported by inmates were not substantiated. The report did not clarify whether those cases were investigated and then dismissed.
Some 49 percent of the incidents that year involved prison staff members committing what the report called “sexual misconduct” or otherwise sexually harassing inmates, and the remaining 51 percent involved inmates assaulting fellow inmates.
Among the substantiated staff-on-inmate cases in 2011, 54 percent were committed by women, the report said. From 2009 to 2011, 84 percent of the substantiated staff-on-inmate cases involved a sexual relationship with a female staff member that “appeared to be willing,” compared with 37 percent of the cases involving male staff members during the same period. The report noted, however, that regardless of whether the sexual relationship between an inmate and a correctional officer was consensual, it is illegal.
In the cases of sexual assault or “willing” sexual relationships with staff members, more than three-quarters of the correctional officers resigned or were fired and just 45 percent were arrested or prosecuted.
Women prisoners appeared to experience disproportionate numbers of sexual assaults; while they represented 7 percent of state and federal prison inmates from 2009 to 2001, 33 percent of staff-on-inmate and 22 percent of inmate-on-inmate cases involved female inmates.
Two-thirds of the inmates who had been sexually assaulted by other inmates received medical examinations, and one-third were given rape kits.
The report did not indicate whether the increased incidence of alleged rapes and sexual assaults in prisons and jails might have been due to more reporting by inmates or to heightened awareness of the problem by prison staff.
BJS statistician Allan Beck, who was a co-author of the report, told Reuters that a study from May 2013 (PDF) conducted by the same agency came up with much larger numbers, tallying some 80,000 inmate allegations of sexual abuse or assault during 2011 and 2012.
“Of course, we find much higher rates of sexual victimization through inmates' self-reports than what comes through in the official records,” he told Reuters.
NASA announced the two and a half winners of the third Commercial Crew development round this morning. The winners were SpaceX ($440M), Boeing ($460M) and Sierra Nevada Corporation ($212.5M), although those allocations are subject to Congressional approval.
Today's awards give a huge advantage to the three companies that got them, because competitors will need to fund their own development in its entirety. On the other hand, by partnering with the companies, NASA has managed to seed the development of five different manned space vehicles for under $1B so far, a leap forward for the evolving space passenger market. They've paid for it on a reward-for-progress basis, handing out pre-agreed amounts of money for each specified milestone.
SpaceX was well ahead of the other two competitors because of the unmanned Dragon, which has already berthed with the International Space Station. The company has borne the brunt of the development costs itself, putting in about $300 million of its own money in addition to about $75 million from NASA. DragonRider, the nickname for the manned Dragon spacecraft, will probably fly its first manned flight in 2015, coming down for an ocean landing with the aid of parachutes. However, SpaceX has completed the development of the SuperDraco thruster, which will serve primarily as a launch abort system but also allow the DragonRider to make powered landings on solid earth without parachutes.
DragonRider carries up to 7 passengers or a combination of crew and cargo. Like the cargo version of Dragon, DragonRider will ride to orbit aboard a Falcon 9 rocket.
A mockup of Boeing's CST-100 capsule has been drop-tested and Boeing is well along on their milestones. The spacecraft will initially land at sea, but eventually, like Dragon, it will make land-based landings that will greatly simplify operations compared to a splashdown. It will also carry up to 7 passengers, but will fly to orbit aboard an Atlas 5 rocket. Boeing has been partnering with Bigelow Aerospace, the private space station company based out of Nevada, on the CST-100.
Sierra Nevada's Dream Chaser spacecraft is an improved descendant of NASA's HL-20. That spacecraft's primary advantages stem from the fact that it was designed both as a transportation vehicle and as an emergency escape vehicle in case of problems at the International Space Station. It can land at almost any commercial airport within six hours of leaving the Station, and because it uses non-toxic fuels, it can be approached immediately after landing, and crews can exit as soon as the vehicle is stopped. Another big advantage is that as a flying (as opposed to plummeting) spacecraft, it reenters at two Gs of acceleration, rather than the more common 8 Gs of a conventional capsule. That's also a big plus with regard to a wounded crew member.
Like CST-100, Dream Chaser will fly to orbit aboard an Atlas 5.
Sierra Nevada's half award means that the company will need to come up with the other half themselves, of course, or slow down the pace of development. There's no word as of yet which strategy they intend to pursue.
ATK had been widely expected to make a showing this year in CCiCap because of its super-strong political lobby. The company surprised everyone last year by suddenly coming up with a sort of "FrankenRocket," named Liberty, made from pieces of other programs. One such piece was the composite crew module, a composite (carbon fiber) version of the Lockheed-Martin Orion spacecraft currently being developed for use with the Space Launch System. The first stage of Liberty will be the 5-segment solid rocket booster they've been developing for the SLS. But its second stage will be an Ariane V first stage. Since a first stage isn't meant to be lifted from below, a rocket equivalent of a spinal brace will be added to the standard Ariane V first stage.
ATK is widely expected to continue with their rocket development for the commercial market even without a CCiCap award.
The reason the Medupi power station is suffering delays is because graves were disturbed during construction, upsetting the ancestors, the CRL Rights Commission said on Tuesday.
“How come this Medupi never comes together?” asked commission chairperson Thoko Mkhwanazi in Johannesburg at the release of a report on the re-use of graves by local governments.
“It's the bones underneath and in the vicinity. Some of the graves were destroyed there,” she said of the power station near Lephalale, Limpopo.
“The belief systems of some people will tell you that this Medupi dream of yours will never happen. It will be another 10 years.”
Construction of the power station has been beset by delays and strikes by contractors.
She said the commission would send a report to Eskom on how to deal with the “bones that were strewn around” in a way that was culturally and religiously sustainable.
The report by the CRL Commission, a Chapter 9 institution that protects cultural and religious practices and linguistic communities, was compiled following complaints that several municipalities around the country were “recycling” graves.
Mkhwanazi said the ANC-run eThekwini municipality, the main culprit in grave recycling, was disrespecting cultural values.
“For this to happen 21 years into democracy, for the ANC not to value the dead people, it tells you we are in a crisis. It tells us our values are not valued by those in power,” she continued.
Ton of complaints
The commission had received “a ton” of complaints from residents in several municipalities around the country, mainly from eThekwini.
People were upset to find strangers buried in their relatives' graves, and tombstones being removed and replaced with those of unrelated people.
She said it was hard to reverse the effects, in terms of spirituality and cultural beliefs, of having a “Smith buried on top of a Naidoo on top of a Mkhwanazi”.
“If we allow the eThekwini municipality to continue, other municipalities are likely to gravitate towards doing this. The new struggle is to have access to our forefathers,” she said.
According to African beliefs, the ancestor is believed to be living with God and playing a prominent, intercessory role in the life of a particular family, she explained.
“This is your Jesus, it takes you to God,” she said.
“Recycling” a grave was akin to bombing a mosque. When people spoke to their ancestors, “I call them from the grave, not from some black plastic bag where they have been recycled,” she said.
“A grave is a place of communicating with those who have gone before,” said the commission's deputy chairperson, Luka Mosoma.
Mkhwanazi said the practice was affecting the poor the worst, as they could not afford headstones and municipalities were re-using these graves.
“The bigger the tombstone, the less likely you are to be recycled. This makes the poor people poorer, because if you don't have the ancestors backing you, you are more likely to be poor.”
She said the eThekwini municipality's procedure was to advertise its intention in the classified section of newspapers, but questioned if people saw these adverts.
Local government's position on the matter was that suitable land for cemeteries was fast becoming depleted, she said.
“They are making it a land struggle. What local government is saying is very dangerous.”
‘One body, one grave'
The first prize, she said, was “one body one grave”. A weak second option was for municipalities to discuss recycling graves with affected relatives and communities before doing it.
Mkhwanazi said the commission had held talks with local government, Parliament, the SA Local Government Association (Salga), and others.
“We are going to be much more aggressive. We've tried being nice. We are going to let the Constitution speak.”
She called for national legislation on the matter. If the practice continued, the commission would ask its lawyers to approach the courts for them to determine “what now?”.
“We hope this thing can be solved over a cup of tea. We are willing to give it one more try within a couple of weeks,” she added.
Salga's Mvuyisi April said municipalities were “seriously running out of space”, but that there was no room for municipalities to violate rights. Salga was looking at striking a balance between managing space and respecting people's rights, he said.
Source: News24
More on Eskom
ANC wants to use people's retirement savings to bail out Eskom
7 affordable ways to fight Eskom's load shedding
Labour will oppose plans in the “great repeal bill” to give ministers sweeping powers to rewrite laws with minimal interference from parliament, Jeremy Corbyn has said.
The Labour leader was responding on Sunday to reports that the government will publish a white paper setting out its plans for the bill on Thursday, a day after Theresa May starts the formal process of taking Britain out of the EU by triggering article 50.
The white paper will set out how the government intends to repeal the 1972 European Communities Act and transplant laws that have force because of the UK's membership of the EU into domestic law. It is expected that this will involve extensive use of “Henry VIII powers” – laws allowing ministers to change primary legislation (government bills) using secondary legislation (orders that go through parliament with little or no scrutiny).
Speaking on ITV's Peston on Sunday, Corbyn said Labour would oppose handing ministers such extensive powers when the House of Commons votes on the great repeal bill.
Labour to set out tough new conditions for backing Brexit Read more
“We're not going to sit there and hand over powers to this government to override parliament, override democracy and just set down a series of diktats on what's going to happen in the future,” he said. “We'd be failing in our duty as democratically elected parliamentarians if we did that.”
Corbyn said the fact that the constitution allowed these sorts of powers to survive was “a wondrous thing”, but“they've got to stop”.
“I don't think the record of Henry VIII on promoting democracy, inclusion and participation was a very good one,” he said. “He was all about essentially dictatorial powers to bypass what was then a very limited parliamentary power.
“We need total accountability, at every stage of this whole Brexit negotiation.”
Ministers argue that they need the powers because leaving the EU will require a vast body of law to be rewritten and many of the changes that will be made to primary legislation using Henry VIII powers will be technical.
Speaking on the BBC's Sunday Politics, David Lidington, the leader of the Commons, cited as an example the need to change a bill to take out a reference to an EU body serving as a regulator and replace it with a reference to a UK regulator.
He said the Henry VIII powers granted in the great repeal bill would be “limited and defined”, and parliament itself would vote on what powers ministers should receive.
“The scope, the definition of those powers and when they can be used, in what circumstances, is something that parliament will have to approve in voting through the bill itself,” Lidington said.
The row erupted as the Sunday Times claimed that the Department for Exiting the European Union had drawn up a plan for EU nationals who are living in the UK to continue to receive the benefits they currently get after Brexit, including in cases where child benefit is paid for children living abroad.
The Observer view on triggering article 50 | Observer editorial Read more
The newspaper said DExEU was arguing for the proposal, which has yet to be agreed by the cabinet, on the grounds that cutting EU nationals' rights to benefits would undermine the government's attempt to protect the benefits of Britons living in other EU countries.
But it would break a Conservative manifesto promise to stop EU migrants receiving tax credits and child benefit unless they had been in the country for four years, and to stop all child benefit payments for children living abroad, regardless of how long a claimant had worked in the UK.
Asked about the Sunday Times story, a government spokesman said: “This is speculation and we do not comment on leaks from cabinet. We have said we want to secure the rights of EU nationals already in the UK, and UK nationals in the EU. But no decisions of the kind speculated about here have been taken.”
On Monday, Sir Keir Starmer, the shadow Brexit secretary, will give a speech setting out the conditions Labour would impose before deciding whether or not to support the government's final Brexit deal. One condition is that any new trade deal must deliver the “exact same benefits” the UK enjoys from being inside the single market and customs union.
The Liberal Democrat leader, Tim Farron, said this demand was “beyond parody”, given that Labour peers recently voted against an amendment to the article 50 bills in the House of Lords that would have required the government to keep the UK in the single market.
“Just weeks ago, Labour MPs voted against membership of the single market and to give Theresa May a blank cheque for a hard Brexit,” he said.
“It's not just that the horse has bolted, Labour opened the stable door.”
I'm a sucker for bags. In the past, I loved finding cool bags that each served their own unique function. There have been times that I've owned a couple backpacks, a couple messenger bags, backpacking bags, shoulder slings… and more, all at the same time. Then I started really getting into minimalism, and I wanted to replace all those bags with one do-it-all backpack.
The T-Level Infinity Rolltop is the closest thing I've found to the perfect everyday use and commuting backpack.
Not so well known in the US yet, T-Level is a South Korean company that makes high quality products aimed at bicycle commuters. I first saw a few people wearing this bag at airports in Korea. After I learned where they sold them, I had the pleasure of visiting their store in Seoul, Korea, where I bought my Infinity bag. And now I'm the one who gets complimented on my backpack at the airport!
Why I love the T-Level Infinity Rolltop backpack:
There are so many reasons. I was first drawn to it because of the expandability of it. I can toss my tablet and a couple books into it and go to a cafe with it, or I can load it up with clothes and toiletries and take it on a 3 week backpacking trip as my only bag (which I have done).
Water repellent! I can also throw electronics in this bag without too much worry, as the bag is waterproof. I've biked through some downpours that have left me soaked, but everything inside my bag bone-dry. The material is tough. If it gets dirty I just take a little hand brush and scrub it clean. I'm not actually sure if the bag can be machine-washed — If you happen to know, please comment!
Pockets. This backpack has lots of them. From a laptop compartment in the main area to side pockets and front pockets, you'll find tons of different places to stash your stuff. The whole front flap lifts up to expose pockets that can be great for quick access to maps, guides, or passports while traveling.
Biker-Friendly. There are loops on the bag to hold bike locks. The bottom has a reflective strip along it and there are strips on each side. I hop on my bike and load this thing up with groceries. It can hold so much – I don't even have to worry about fitting it all in!
Less sweat. A great thing about this bag is how the frame keeps the backpack from resting on your back and getting you and the bag all sweaty and stinky.
Smart straps. The straps feel very durable. There's a sternum strap and also a waist strap that is removable. (I like this in a backpack because I don't like them swinging around if I'm not using them) The shoulder straps are nice and thick, making even extended wear really comfy.
Things that could be improved:
I've used this bag on some backpacking trips and would love to be able to use a combination zipper lock to feel more secure carrying all my stuff around. The zippers on this bag just wouldn't work for that.
Although the frame is really great and helps to cut down on a lot of back sweat while riding or walking, the frame can squeak quite loudly sometimes.
And that's it. I can only think of those two little
things to point out. The PROS definitely outweigh the CONS in this review.
Like this backpack? Check out their backpacks for sale on their website – from now until February 28th, they are all on sale! (And the Infinity Rolltop is 25% off!) – Or better yet, visit their store in Apjujeong-Dong, Seoul! If you're in the US, you can buy T-Level gear from Stryker in Los Angeles. Or you can even scour eBay – I've seen this bag on there from time to time. Considering how much use I've gotten out of this bag in the past year, the $200+ I paid for it weren't really a big deal, especially since this bag can replace other bags!
I give the T-Level Infinity Rolltop backpack 5 out of 5 stars!
(I'd buy it again!)
Advertisements
(Adds witness account)
GAZA, July 16 (Reuters) - Four Palestinian children were killed and one was critically wounded on a Gaza beach on Wednesday by a shell fired by an Israeli naval gunboat, a Palestinian health official said.
Asked about the incident, an Israeli military spokesman in Tel Aviv said he was checking the report.
"The kids were playing football on the beach. They were all ... under the age of 15," said Ahmed Abu Hassera, 22.
"When the first shell hit the land, they ran away but another shell hit them all," said Abu Hassera, whose shirt was stained with blood.
"It looked as if the shells were chasing them," he told Reuters.
Ashraf al-Qidra, spokesman for the Gaza Health Ministry, said four of the youngsters were killed and a fifth youth was in critical condition. "This is a cowardly crime," he said.
The Gaza beach area has been shelled frequently since Israel began its offensive in the enclave on July 8 following a surge in Palestinian cross-border rocket strikes.
Gaza health officials said 207 Palestinians, most of them civilians, had been killed in air and naval barrages, in the worst flareup of Israeli-Palestinian violence in two years.
One Israeli has been killed by shelling from Gaza that has made a race to shelter a daily routine for hundreds of thousands in Israel. (Reporting by Nidal al-Mughrabi; Writing by Jeffrey Heller; Editing by Andrew Roche)
“Defend Your Time To Write.” Michael Lannan On HBO's ‘Looking'
Brock Swinson Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 6, 2017
[This Interview originally published in Creative Screenwriting Magazine.]
Looking is an HBO dramedy about a group of gay friends who live in the San Francisco area. The show was created by Michael Lannan, based on his short film, Lorimer, directed by Andrew Haigh.
The series stars Jonathan Groff, Frankie J. Alvarez, Murray Bartlett, Lauren Weedman, Russel Tovey, and Raul Castillo. Groff plays Patrick Murray, a naïve 29-year-old video game designer. Together, the group do their best to navigate life, family, love, and relationships.
After two seasons, HBO simultaneously pulled the plug on the show but approved a one-time movie to serve as the series finale.
Creative Screenwriting spoke with Michael about defending your time to write, writing what scares you, and the importance of observation.
Michael Lannan on set of Looking: The Movie. Photo by Melissa Moseley — © 2016 — HBO
Let's start with your background, and what led you into screenwriting.
I didn't study writing and I didn't go to film school, but I worked for a director named Allen Coulter (Hollywoodland, The Sopranos), who has done some great television and film.
While I was working for him, I got to be around a lot of really great writers, and sit in on meetings where some of the best people in the business were talking about writing.
I learned a lot there, so that was kind of my film school, but I never really thought that I was a writer, because a lot of the writers that I knew got up at noon and had a lot of certain habits that I considered writerly. I didn't have that personality, so I figured I just wasn't a writer.
During my time with Allen, I started taking notes on my own life and friends' lives and funny stories that I had heard. Then, out of frustration and desperation to move forward in my career, I wrote a feature script using those notes.
I always wanted to be a director, but to do so, you have to have stories, so I just figured I would write stories for myself. That feature script and those notes are what would eventually become Looking.
Over the years, I just revisited that script and kept trying new things with it — adding new ideas.
Russell Tovey as Kevin and Jonathan Gross as Patrick in Looking (2014) © 2015 HBO
What advice would you have for first-time television writers trying to get their first pilot read?
That's a good question. I got two pieces of really good advice along the way — one from a friend who is a really good writer, and one from another who is a cinematographer.
The writer said, “At the end, it's just you and your keyboard.” By that, he meant, “No one knows anything, really.”
People will offer you all types of opinions — even very successful people who seem to know what they are talking about and speak with certainty — but they don't really know anything, either. They don't know what the world that you are trying to communicate is. They will tell you if it fits into the marketplace or not, but if you have a burning passion for your world, then the only person that knows anything is you.
The other piece of advice is something that I struggled with for a long time, which was to “just finish it.”
I spent years just not finishing work, when a friend of mine said, “If you can just finish something, then you are miles ahead of most people. Most people just don't finish their short films or their scripts, because they always pick up something else to distract themselves or just leave it three-quarters of the way through.”
Why do you think that is, and what do you find to be the most difficult step when it comes to writing?
For me, personally, it's about habits. I am a very, very slow writer and for a long time, I didn't properly schedule the time I needed to write. I needed to learn to shut the world out and make that time.
I didn't defend that time.
Once I learned to block out that time and not look at my emails, to turn off my phone and not distract myself by getting a beer with friends, then I could make a lot more progress.
Somewhere, I read a quote that said, “We overestimate what we can achieve in a short period of time and underestimate what we can achieve in a long period of time.” So I got into the habit of defending that time, and the progress really does accrue over time.
I've seen other writers who are clearly working on something so beautiful and so personal that it scares them, so they turn to another project or idea that fits the compatibility of the marketplace and what people are buying.
But that personal thing that they are so uncomfortable with is usually the most amazing thing that I have ever read of theirs. They're just too close to it and it's uncomfortable, so they can't bring themselves to finish it. That's another common problem, especially here in Los Angeles, when everyone is talking about who-sold-what, all the time.
Jonathan Gross as Patrick in Looking (2014) © John P Johnson © 2015 HBO
Can you tell us about the notes you took, and how you shaped those notes into characters?
With the notes, it was different things. Sometimes, I would write down a line somebody said or maybe just a funny word that I heard that made me think about the way people talk to each other, and how my characters could talk to each other in a certain scenario. It could be that simple.
I heard this one story about an adventure in Central Park at a party. It didn't end up in Looking, but it became the basis for a certain part of the pilot. It could be things on a larger scale, or simply words that make you laugh, and then those words ripple outward, so you can put them into context.
How did you then create story arcs for those characters, to make the first season of Looking?
Andrew Haigh (45 Years, Weekend) and I had ideas about the arcs for all of the characters, and we sat down, wrote them out, and took that document into our writer's room to play with it and get everyone's opinion.
We took it apart and then put it back together to break it up into episodes. The general shape of the seasons was somewhat like we intended, but then it began to grow, and get more specific, and we all tweaked it that way.
Brian Gattas as Faerie, Frankie J. Alvarez as Agustín, Murray Bartlett as Dom Basaluzzo, Lauren Weedman as Doris, and Jonathan Groff as Patrick in Looking (2014). Photo by Richard Foreman © 2015 HBO
Have your thought processes changed since you have become more “writerly?”
So many things have changed!
I think that sometimes simplicity can really be the most effective tool. There were times on the show when we were trying to pack in the story, to make sure it moved properly, but in fact, it actually obscured other aspects of the show.
All shows have their own voice and their own rhythm, and ours wasn't really a story-driven rhythm as much as it was a character-driven piece. For that kind of world, simplicity can often be the most effective way to talk about characters, problems, and conflicts.
Every show on cable today has its own world and its own logic, and the ability to explore your characters and stories within that logic is very important.
Did you find episodes simpler or more difficult than writing the movie version of Looking?
They each had their own difficulties. I think that the series is just such a collaborative process that it takes a lot of work to make sure it all fits together. We had a lot of great writers who really wrote their own episodes without much guidance from us. Everyone went away and came back with an episode. There was comedy in the voices and the rhythm of it all.
In the film, the big challenge was narrowing down the stories. We wanted to touch on every character, so it was painful to narrow that down a simple plot. Compared to Patrick, the other characters had very little screen time, so all of the other stories had to be expressed through Patrick. That was a challenge as we were trying to get out small, meaningful stories for all of the other characters within the world.
Jonathan Groff as Patrick and Frankie J. Alvarez as Agustín in Looking: The Movie. Photo by Melissa Moseley — © 2016 — HBO
Is there a favorite missing piece that you didn't get to tell, but might wish to share with fans?
We had talked about something in the third season, where Patrick might have a new guy come into his life to challenge his ideas in another way, outside of the ways that Richie and Kevin had already challenged him. I was curious to see what that would have been, but we never went too far down that road into specifics.
I'm happy how we grew and how things ended in the movie.
There are a lot of romantic letdowns in the series. Would you say that the characters are still growing despite these plateaus?
[Warning: the following answer contains plot spoilers.]
I think so. We tried to wrap the film up in a way that wasn't totally conclusive. I think that Patrick and Richie are going to give it a try, but that doesn't mean that everything is going to be easy breezy from here on out.
There are a lot of complications and I think that all of the characters are somewhat like that. Eddie and Agustín are trying to figure out what their marriage will be, and that's a whole new set of problems and issues. Doris is jumping into child rearing and God knows what that will be like.
Dom has become a successful businessman with all of his pressures, and he officially becomes the senior member of his gang. He still has issues about his age and his abilities, and those issues will continue to cause conflict within him.
My hope is that now that the show is over, people can still think about the characters' lives beyond it, or at least the suggestion of life beyond.
Is there anything else you would like to share about Looking, or any news of future projects you might be working on?
I would just like to thank the fans and everyone that supported the show, and everyone who enjoyed the ride with us.
Call To Action
If you enjoyed this article, please click the Green Heart to share and join the monthly newsletter to get updates and the free ebook, HOW HOLLYWOOD SCREENWRITERS ANNIHILATE WRITER'S BLOCK, which includes advice from writers like Aaron Sorkin, William Monahan and Cary Joji Fukunaga.
I will pay US$1000 for the first person who can crack this code. The US FBI is looking to solve a murder and all they have are these notes.
The first Freelancer to crack this code walks away with US$1000!
In your PM please have the answer. First person to get this right wins!!!
You must be able to demonstrate how you have broken the code!
Code located here [url removed, login to view]
Update:
Ricky McCormick was found June 30, 1999 with the 2 coded pieces of paper in his pocket. The code was written by the victim and may determine where he was before he was murdered.
Breaking any code involves
four basic steps:
1. determining the language used;
2. determining the system used;
3. reconstructing the key; and
4. reconstructing the plaintext.
Consider this cipher: Nffu nf bu uif qbsl bu oppo.
Now apply the four steps:
1. Determining the language allows you to compare the cipher text to the suspected language. Our cryptanalysts usually start with English.
2. Determining the system: Is this cipher using rearranged words, replaced words, or perhaps letter substitution? In this case, it's letter substitution.
3. Reconstructing the key: This step answers the question of how the code maker changed the letters. In our example, every character shifted one letter to the right in the alphabet.
4. Reconstructing the plaintext: By applying the key from the previous step, you now have a solution: Meet me at the park at noon.
If you see or hear a plane flying low over the UC Berkeley campus this weekend, don't be alarmed.
The UC Berkeley Real Estate Mapping and Drawing unit has hired a company to make a highly-detailed topographic map of the campus. The plane is taking aerial pictures of the campus, the hills east of the campus, and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.
To get detailed photos, the small plane will have to fly repeatedly over the campus at about a 3,000-foot elevation. Cal officials aren't certain the hours the plane will be flying as it is dependent on the weather, according to Christine Shaff, a spokeswoman for the university's Real Estate Division. The plane will be in the air around two hours on both Saturday and Sunday.
Get the latest Berkeley news in your inbox with Berkeleyside's free Daily Briefing. And make sure to bookmark Berkeleyside's pages on Facebook and Twitter. You don't need an account on those sites to view important information.
There is a well-known Peter Kay comedy routine in which he imagines a life in the future when the next generation wouldn't believe the everyday standards of the modern world. "Your mam, she used to have a dishwasher! You don't remember - look at her face - you don't remember them, do you?"
Well, youngsters. There was an age before the impossible brilliance of Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo in which one goal every two games was considered the benchmark for a top-class striker. One in two! And in that period before the arrival of the deadly duo, Samuel Eto'o was king. The very best in the business of scoring goals.
Eto'o's record was remarkable. His tally 108 goals in 145 La Liga games for Barcelona established his reputation as a scorer supreme - and as a winner. He won the Pichichi Trophy in 2005/06, also netting the crucial equaliser in a man of the match performance for Barça in that season's Champions League final triumph over Arsenal.
Eto'o was Barcelona's top scorer in four of his five season at the club, capping his time there with a spectacular final campaign in which he netted 36 goals for Pep Guardiola's side, including the opener in a second Champions League final success - this time against Manchester United. Evidently, the goals and glory, it speaks for itself. It's the sacrifice that still resonates.
Xavi called him an "exemplary professional" while former Barça boss Frank Rijkaard praised the player's "great generosity" to Messi as the little genius forged his way in the team. "I hope that Eto'o does not go," said the Argentine himself. "There is no other centre-forward like him in the world." That rarest of beasts then - an unselfish striker who scores goals.
Recurring theme
This prioritising of team over self is a recurring theme of Eto'o's career. Whether it is at Barcelona, where he once remarked in reference to Ronaldinho that "we're like a band - he's the star guitarist, I play drums in the back" or later at Internazionale where he famously toiled away on the wing in order to help the team to the Champions League in 2010.
Tellingly, Eto'o was not a striker during his formative years and he believes this is key. "The great forwards have never had my education," he told FourFourTwo back in 2008. "I know what it is to defend because I played several positions which demanded sacrifice for the team. I try never just to be the guy who scores goals. I want to fight up front, in the middle or at the back."
It's that attitude that has bought Eto'o another year in the limelight with Chelsea - the chance to become the first player in history to win the triple crown of Premier League, La Liga and Serie A titles. Of course, there is one man who can already boast that honour. He just happens to be Eto'o's manager at Stamford Bridge.
While the decision to ship out Romelu Lukaku on loan in favour of the ageing Eto'o was not popular in some circles, Jose Mourinho recognises a fellow winner. "My favourite players are the players that win matches for me, not the ones that lose matches for me. Samuel worked with me in the best season of my career. We won everything. So he's in a good position."
It's not been painless and the transition has been tough. "He was for two years playing without big motivations and when you play without big motivations, you train without big motivations and you lose condition, and you lose sharpness, and you lose even appetite," added Mourinho. "It was not a surprise for me that he arrived here not in the best conditions after two years in Anzhi."
Then came Mourinho's ill-advised quip about the Cameroon international's age - "Eto'o is 32, maybe 35" - that supported the accepted wisdom that Chelsea are trying to win this Premier League title without a top-class striker in their midst. But Eto'o has not only responded to that insult with characteristic endeavour, he's also weighed in with seven goals from 14 starts.
Intelligent
Eto'o has other qualities too. For instance, there are signs that the plethora of young attacking midfielders at Chelsea are enjoying playing with him. The pace might not be quite what it was, but Eto'o is an intelligent player, his movement clever and his runs sharp. Creating space for others is a big part of his game now and this is reflected in the performances of Eden Hazard.
The brilliant Belgian has been the star of the Chelsea show this season with his stunning close control and devastating dribbling. With 13 Premier League goals, he is the club's top scorer. But the statistics reveal Hazard has particularly thrived alongside Eto'o. His 1161 minutes alongside the experienced striker have yielded nine of those goals; the 1299 without him have brought just four.
Of course, Eto'o has benefited too, scoring all of his goals with Hazard on the pitch. Between them, they have netted 16 times when together at a rate of 1.24 goals per 90 minutes. It's been crucial in the big games too - one apiece in the win over Liverpool; Eto'o's hat-trick against Manchester United. Against Spurs, Eto'o scored first before winning the penalty for Hazard to double the lead.
There is something of a recent tradition of famous strikers arriving at Stamford Bridge only to be unable to show their best form. Andriy Shevchenko famously failed to enhance his reputation, while George Weah won more friends than on-field plaudits during a brief 15-game stay. But Eto'o could do something neither of those predecessors did and win the Premier League with Chelsea.
Maybe there is even a fourth Champions League success lurking out there. Such an achievement would echo the role that a 34-year-old Henrik Larsson played in Barcelona's 2006 victory. "It was him who gave the team the possibility to play, with his movement, the way he opened up spaces," said Eto'o. "Him coming on in the Champions League final was decisive, he allowed me to excel."
Now Hazard is in the glory role and it is Eto'o cast as the wise old head, charged with opening up those spaces. And if he can coax, cajole and inspire the young Chelsea players behind him to trophy success this season, it would be a quite stunning epilogue to a truly remarkable career.
The Muslim boycott of the government's anti-radicalisation programme Prevent is being masterminded by Islamists who see any counter-radicalisation programme as an attack on Islam itself, a Muslim organisation that works to de-radicalise young Muslims has said.
The Prevention program, which aims to divert those deemed to be at risk of radicalisation into support programmes, relies on referrals from the community to identify those at risk. But figures from the National Police Chiefs Council (NPCC) show that of 3,288 referrals in the first half of 2015, only 280 (8.6 per cent) were from local communities.
Earlier this month the Waltham Forest Council of Mosques, which represents as many as 70,000 London Muslims announced it was boycotting the program, while imams from the east London borough of Newham said the program amounted to “spying on our young people”.
Their comments echo those of Dal Babu, a former senior police officer who helped found the National Association of Muslim Police. He said earlier this year: “Prevent has become a toxic brand and most Muslims are suspicious of what Prevent is doing.”
However, very little attention has been paid to why Prevent has become toxic within Muslim communities. The assumption is that it is down to a few cases in which Muslims have been unfairly treated with suspicion.
For example, The Times, in its reporting of the low level of community engagement yesterday, ran with this narrative, highlighting the case of one Muslim teenager who was asked whether he was affiliated with Islamic State two weeks after referring to eco-terrorism within a French language class discussion on environmental activism.
“The case is one of a number in which the desire to deal with extremism has had the opposite effect,” The Times said.
But in November, the Home Affairs Select Committee heard a very different, and so far little reported, explanation for the failure of the Prevention program within Muslim communities.
The Committee were told by Sara Khan, co-founder of Inspire, that the program was being deliberately sabotaged by Islamists who were determined to equate counter-radicalisation with an attack on Islam itself as a means to further their Islamist aims.
“You say that Dal Babu has argued that Prevent is a toxic brand,” Khan told the Committee. “I would argue that what is not often discussed in the media is, “How has it become toxic?” We know through the work that we have done that there are many examples of Muslim groups who have made it their mission to make Prevent toxic.
“We have lots of examples of groups that have gone into Muslim communities—” she began, before being interrupted by Keith Vaz, chairman of the Committee, who asked “Why are they doing that? Why are they going out of their way to attack this particular programme?”
Khan replied: “I think that is a very interesting question. The people who we have seen attacking it are Islamists, hate preachers—people who fundamentally believe that Islamist extremist ideology is a form of Islam.”
“[I]t is almost as if they feel that Prevent is about the criminalisation of Islam.”
Her evidence is borne out by the opponents of Prevent themselves, who have couched their criticism of Prevent in terms which make it clear that they believe the programme to be an attack on Islam.
In July, the Independent published a letter signed by 280 people, calling on the government to abandon Prevent. The signatories argued that, because Prevent is “fixated” on religion, “growing a beard, wearing a hijab or mixing with those who believe Islam has a comprehensive political philosophy are key markers used to identify ‘potential' terrorism.”
They claimed that religious views were secondary to social circumstances in determining whether someone would be radicalised, writing: “The way Prevent conceptualises ‘radicalisation' and ‘extremism' is based on the unsubstantiated view that religious ideology is the primary driving factor for terrorism. Academic research suggests that social, economic and political factors, as well as social exclusion, play a more central role in driving political violence than ideology.”
The letters signatories included Haitham Al Haddad, a member of Hizb ut-Tahrir and the Sharia Council of Britain who believes apostates should be killed and supports FGM; Asim Quresi of CAGE, who called Jihadi John “a beautiful man;” and Shakeel Begg, a hardline Imam from a mosque where the killers of Lee Rigby worshipped.
But the argument made in that letter is the polar opposite of that made by Khan's organisation Inspire, which has spent the last seven years working to de-radicalise young Muslims. They do this by working with Muslim women and giving them the theological tools to counter radical Islam.
Khan's colleague Kalsoom Bashir, during the same evidence session, told the Home Affairs Committee: “You have hardening interpretations of religion and very literal interpretations of religion, and you also have views out there very openly saying, “This is a police state. The Government want to eliminate Islam. Basically, they want to stop us from practising our religion as well,” and that even living here is a temporary measure—that living among non-Muslims or the kafir, which is a very derogatory term for non-Muslims, is not the ideal.
“So, if you have to choose between being British and being Muslim, as well as all the other vulnerabilities that you have within your home—whether it is domestic violence or all the other issues that teenagers have—and you then have somebody saying, “We can offer you something much, much better,” it is very attractive.”
Khan named CAGE as an organisation which has been fear-mongering over Prevent in the Muslim Community. “Asim Qureshi from CAGE claimed the Government would consider taking children away as young as seven if those children attended demonstrations by the Stop the War group,” she said.
“It [CAGE} also argued, for example, that if you do not consent as parents to deradicalisation programmes, the state will take your children away. Even Nazir Afzal, the former chief crown prosecutor for the north-west, argued that this is just fearmongering of the very worst kind.
“Again, this is what brings me back to the idea of when we talk about Prevent being toxic—how has it been made toxic? There are people out there deliberately giving wrong information and scaring Muslim communities about what Prevent is about.”
Navy officers arrested for ties to contractor 'Fat Leonard' [CNN]
Three U.S. Navy officers have been arrested for their connections to a Malaysian military contractor who allegedly supplied them with prostitutes, hotel rooms and concert tickets in exchange for classified information.
According to CNN, Leonard Francis — known as “Fat Leonard” in military circles — appeared in court on Friday alongside 46-year-old Cmdr. Michael Vannak Kem Misiewicz, who reportedly redirected U.S. vessels to ports where Francis would bill the Navy at exhorbitant rates through his company, Glenn Defense Marine Asia Ltd.
The Associated Press reported that 41-year-old Cmdr. Jose Luiz Sanchez and 44-year-old John Bertrand Beliveau II, a special agent with the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS), were also arrested. Beliveau is accused of keeping Francis abreast of the investigation into his activities.
Francis, whose nickname stems from his allegedly weighing more than 400 pounds, allegedly paid for his co-conspirators' services with material goods, hotel rooms and other perks like giving Misiewicz tickets to see the musical The Lion King and a Lady Gaga concert. CNN reported that Misiewicz and Francis often communicated via email, and referred to each other as “Little Bro” and “Big Bro,” respectively.
“It's pretty big when you have one person who can dictate where ships are going to go and being influenced by a contractor,” retired Rear Adm. Terry McKnight told the AP. “A lot of people are saying, ‘How could this happen?'”
Francis' opulent lifestyle and gregarious nature reportedly made him a well-known figure in Naval circles in the area, and made several officers leery of him.
“He's very charming, he's very social,” retired Navy Capt. Kevin Eyer told CNN. “Whereas I might be at this party and I'll have a Budweiser. Leonard is drinking Dom Perignon.”
Watch CNN's report, aired on Friday, below.
Chew artist Rob Guillory posted this cover he did for IDW's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, but it won't be seeing print. Taking a look at the image, it's clear that this is a damn shame.
UPDATE: It turns out the cover has since been approved. Rob said “Er. Nevermind. TMNT cover is a GO. The End.” It's pretty clear your love is responible, folks.
Said Rob, over Twitter:
The fine folks at IDW loved my take on TMNT. The powers at Nickelodeon didn't think it was good enough. So now you're seeing it for free.
I can tell you that the folks over at Nickelodeon don't know a thing about what makes good comics, or what appeals to TMNT fans. Me? I'm all about that knee to the face Raphael is giving that Foot Clan punk. And not that I'm ready for him to be done with Chew by a long shot, I'd buy the snot out of a TMNT series drawn by Guillory.
Scientists from NASA's Kepler mission have discovered the first planet to orbit in the "habitable zone" — an area where liquid water could exist — of a star similar to our sun (via CNN).
Although Kepler-22b is 2.4 times the radius of the Earth and 600-light years-away, the distant planet's 290-day orbit around a host star like Earth's sun makes it similar to our planet, reports NASA.
Scientists still don't know the exact composition of Kepler-22b.
The Earth-like planet is just one of more than a 1,000 new planet candidate discoveries that will be announced by the team of Kepler scientists at a conference in Ames this week.
An artist's interpretation of Kepler-22b is depicted below:
NASA
Don't miss: Amazing HD Videos Of Outer Space Like You've Never Seen It Before >
Yes! Finally picking up where I left off in my Rainbow Rocks series of illustrations. Starting this next set with former G3 pony, Sun(set) Shimmer~I ran into a bit of a dilemma with this one, in that I completely forgot (convinced at the time that I'd never get around to finishing this series up since the sketches were sitting in my computer for months and months) I deleted the template I made for the background..... ^ ^;;SO! I ended up having to make the template all over again, piecing some of my previous illustrations together and repainting the blank spaces. That's why the star patterns look a bit different from the others.Anyway, hope y'all enjoy and look forward to the next character in the series~Others in the series:My Little Pony & Equestria Girls©HasbroSong©La Roux
Marshall Teague
Born: February 22, 1921 Died: February 11, 1959
Home: Daytona Beach Marshall Teague, a Daytona Beach resident, was one of NASCAR's first stars and pioneers In just twenty-three career starts, Marshall captured 2 poles and seven victories in his "Fabulous" Hudson Hornet. He won on the Daytona Beach course in '51 and '52 when the event was shortened y the incoming tide. He won the first NASCAR race held on the other side of the Mississippi in 1951 at the Carrell Speedway in California. He left the series in 1953 to race in the AAA and USAC racing series after a dispute with Bill France, Sr.. Later, with the dispute behind them, Teague tested tires at the new Daytona International Speedway. While testing Chapman Root's Sumar Special Indy Car (but with closed fenders) in a closed course speed record attempt at the new Daytona International Speedway on February 11, 1959 , there was a violent crash. Then, there was the stirring news. Teague, only 36, died instantly. The incident, just 11 days before the scheduled running of the first-ever Daytona 500, cast a pall over the raceway. Speculation was that the track was unsafe and would produce untold carnage. This fortunately was untrue as the first Speedweeks went off without a hitch. However, Marshall's death so bothered Big Bill France, that open wheel Indy racing has never happened again at Daytona. Known as the "King of the Beach," Teague was inducted into the National Motorsports Press Association's Hall of Fame at Darlington (S.C.) Raceway in 1968. Also: See the HUDSON STORIES page for more on Marshall Teague. 1945 First Race - Finished Second
1949 Won 200 mile Daytona Beach Race, Average Speed 88.23 MPH
1951 Won 160 mile Grand National at Daytona Beach
Pure Oil Company, now Unocal, together with Hudson Motor Car Company, agree to sponsor Marshall, thus becoming the first company sponsor for NASCAR Racing
1951 & 1952 Finishes sixth and seventh respectively in the 2000 Mile Mexican Road Race
1952 Winner of the Daytona Beach Road Course
1951 AAA Stock Car Driver of the Year
1952 & 1954 AAA National Stock Car Champion
1953 First race at Indianapolis Speedway
1957 Finishes seventh at Indy 500
1966 National Motorsports Press Association Hall of Fame - Posthumously
1988 National Auto Racing Hall of Fame - Posthumously
1989 TRS/NASCAR Mechanics Hall of Fame - Posthumously
1991 - American Auto Racing Writers and Broadcasters Association Hall of Fame - Posthumously "He was one of the best,'' . . . recalled Cotton Owens, a former NASCAR driver and team owner. He truly was. Teague not only twice drove well enough to qualify for the famed Indianapolis 500, where he finished seventh in 1957 and 18th in 1953, he had the distinct versatility to also race stock cars. And Teague did that very well. Although Teague competed in only 23 NASCAR Grand National races from 1949-52 -- Teague actually finished runner-up to Robert ``Red'' Byron in the first race sanctioned by NASCAR, which was a modified event held on the beach-road course Feb. 15, 1948 at Daytona Beach, Fla. -- he was a frequent visitor to victory lane. He won seven races, five in the 1951 season alone in only 15 starts. Teague, however, in an apparent dispute with NASCAR founder Bill France Sr., left the series in 1953 and began racing stock cars in the American Automobile Association and U.S. Auto Club circuits. But before Teague waved bye-bye, he became one of its earliest top drivers, capturing NASCAR's first ever race west of the Mississippi River on April 8, 1951, the prestigious event at defunct Carrell Speedway, a half-mile dirt track located in Gardena, Calif. Two weeks later, Teague won only the west's second NASCAR race, this time on a 1-mile dirt track located near 19th Avenue and McDowell Road in Phoenix, the first of five NASCAR races to be held in Phoenix (four) and Tucson (one) between 1951-60. The stock-car circuit didn't return until 1988, when the first of 10 such races to date have been held at Phoenix International Raceway. But it all began at the Arizona State Fairgrounds, which was Arizona's first NASCAR Grand National (now called NASCAR Winston Cup) venture and also was the site of NASCAR's sixth race of the '51 season and 33rd in the history of the sanctioning body. At Daytona Beach Teague made the grueling trip from his home in Daytona Beach, Fla., and according to one account of the 150-mile race, took the lead in a 1951 Fabulous Hudson Hornet on Lap 81 from Fonty Flock and led the remainder of the 150-lap race. Thirty drivers started the race and only 17 finished, according to ``The'' ``Arizona Republic'' recap of the race in the following morning's newspaper. When it was over, 2 hours, 21 minutes and 16 seconds later, a crowd of 12,000 watched Teague cross the finish line almost a quarter-mile ahead of runner-up Erick Erickson of Hawthorne, Calif. Teague pocketed $1,100. The Flock brothers, Tim of Atlanta and Fonty of Hopeville, Ga., finished third and fourth, followed by Dick Meyer of Porterville, Calif., and Danny Weinberg of Bell, Calif. What Teague accomplished that memorable April day 47 years ago, however, will never be disputed. ``One thing about Marshall was he looked like the most unlikely race car driver you'd ever seen,'' said friend Hershel McGriff of Green Valley. McGriff, who at age 71 still competes in NASCAR Winston West races, first met Teague in 1950 at a Mexican road race. ``He had a little pot belly, skinny legs and skinny arms,'' McGriff said. ``He looked like the guy watching from the grandstands. I remember we had a boat together in Florida and I tried to teach him how to water ski. ``But there was only a 10 horsepower motor on it and I couldn't get the boat to go fast enough and Marshall would end up sinking in the water. ``He was a good racer, though. And a real family man. He was very technical with the car. He could build things from scratch. I remember he wanted to build me a modified to run on the sand at Daytona because he thought my driving style would fit it. ``But we never got around to it.'' Teague, however, did get around to making a cross-country trip to Phoenix in 1951, making certain when he left, he was not forgotten. Smokey and Teague The guy who survived all those air missions over Eastern Europe and the Pacific was quickly caught up in this other form of survival soon after he opened his Best Damn Garage In Town and began a second life that still defies description. You might say that Smokey Yunick's racing career began the instant after a kindred soul by the name of Marshall Teague walked into his garage. Teague, a well-known stock car driver and car owner, happened to be a Daytona Beach resident, too. He took Smokey's slogan seriously and invited him to join his team even though Yunick told him he knew nothing about stock car racing. However, the eclectic garage owner knew where to gain an insight. He began studying the chemistry and physics books that he had collected during the war to find out how Mother Nature worked. The information he gleaned from his collection helped him discover the easiest way to make a car go through the air or how long a racing engine would run before it, in his words, “blowed.”
But the book that Yunick studied most was the one containing NASCAR's new rules. In a piece entitled “Inside Smokey's Bag of Tricks,” C.J. Baker quoted Smoke thusly: “You have to understand that when I got into this thing back in '47, they didn't have near as many rules as they do now. You could run whatever you thought you could get away under what NASCAR would call ‘being within the spirit of competition.'” This happened during what Smokey would later call his drinking days. Baker remembers Smokey telling him that people would come by the race shop for a few drinks, and the next thing he knew his competition was sniveling to France. “If you did something they (NASCAR) didn't like, which was pretty much up to Bill France, they would fine you or throw you out of the race as ‘being outside the spirit of competition,' even though there was no specific rule against the supposed infraction.” Teague's cars of choice were the new step-down Hudson Hornets—based on inverted-bathtub styling powered by an inline flathead six. The Hornet's low center of gravity and dual carburetion and other special 7-X “export” items made it fast for its era. And with Smokey at the wrench, the combo rendered Teague hard to beat. Yunick was either a crafty, devious, underhanded, rule-bending, no-good, cheating SOB (one view), or a master of ability, hard work, careful preparation, common sense, and the scientific approach (the other). Smokey's M.O. was simple: If the rulebook didn't specifically outlaw this or that, then it was OK to do this or that. No porting or polishing was allowed, so he would paint the ports with hard lacquer and sand them to a mirror finish. Or he would pump an abrasive slurry through the intake manifold runners to remove the lumps and bumps. NASCAR said no boring or stroking, but there was no rule against offset cranks. There was a rule against using lightweight flywheels, but there wasn't a rule that prohibited removing the ring gear, laterally drilling lightening holes in the flywheel, then reinstalling the ring gear. “All those other guys were cheatin' ten times worse than us,” remembered Yunick, “so it was just self-defense.”
Marshall Teague and his wife celebrate a win in a 1952 AAA Stock Car race at The Milwaukee Mile
Teague, the Mechanic? Featuring 1948's innovative "step down" body design which lowered the center of gravity and gave superior handling, Hudson Hornet dominated stock car racing in the early 1950's. Famed drivers such as Marshal Teague, Herb Thomas, Dick Rathman, Fonty and Tim Flock, Jack McGrath, 'Rebel' Frank Mundy and Lou Figaro were part of the Hudson team. Together they accounted for 13 wins in 1951, 49 in 1952, and 46 in 1953. no other car of the time could match the Hudson's bulletproof construction, low center of gravity, good handling, and factory support. The true sting of the Hornet came from the powerful 7X racing engine. Developed by Marshall Teague and Hudson engineer Vince Piggins, the big six had a bigger bore, bigger valves, relieved and polished combustion chambers, high compression head, high performance cam, split dual exhausts, and and "Twin H-Power" carburetors and manifold. This combination boosted the big straight 6 up to 220 gross horsepower, a jump of 75 horses over the showroom stock figure of 145. All the stock components made the Hornet nearly untouchable on the track, and a record setting 27 wins out of 34 starts in major stock car races in 1952 was proof!
Decals for Models ('56 Chevy)
At Daytona Beach
Marshall and his daughter Patty Read more about the Hudsons here. Indy Days Marshall also had a love or open wheel cars. Here's some of his Indianapolis Statistics: Date of Birth: 22 May 1921
Died: 11 February 1959
1st Indy Start: 1953
Best Finish: 7th
Best Grid Position: 22nd Cars: 1953, '54, '57 Kurtis Kraft See the Marshall Teague Website:
Marshall Teague - Strictly Stock / Grand National Statistics
Year Age Races Win T5 T10 Pole Laps Led Earnings Rank AvSt AvFn 1949 27 1 of 8 0 0 0 0 0 0 50 62 6.0 14.0 1950 28 3 of 19 0 0 0 0 240 0 25 119 61.0 37.3 1951 29 15 of 41 5 7 9 2 1611 789 7,605 8.4 13.5 1952 30 4 of 34 2 2 2 1 317 236 2,550 6.0 10.0 4 years 23 7 9 11 3 2168 1025 10,230 11.9 16.0 In 1951, Teague won 1 in 3 races he entered; In1952, he won half the races he entered (2 of 4). "Fabulous" Hudson Hornet Statistics
Nascar Nextel Cup Series Tickets
Copyright © 2003 LegendsofNascar.com by Roland Via. All rights reserved. Revised: 06/08/12 08:11:14 -0400 . All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works. FAIR USE NOTICE: This web page may contain copyrighted material whose use has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. This page is operated under the assumption that this use on the Web constitutes a 'fair use' of the copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law. Any text or images that you feel need to be removed please contact me. LegendsofNascar.com is not associated or affiliated with any racing club or organizations including that of NASCAR. It is constructed simply as an internet information source. Images and content made be used with email permission. Opinions and other content are not necessarily those of editors, sponsors.
Please visit official NASCAR information website at NASCAR.COM.
Filming at TRICA
Oh, how poetic it was that this location for filming worked out, at the very last second no less. In the north end of Boise, there exists a grand, old, stone Church. When we met the new owner of the building and started learning the history of this place, the parallels with Jordan's story struck all of us.
For most of the 1900's this Church carried the activities of the local Methodist congregation. That story changed in the late 1970's when it was sold to a private party as a result of a diminishing congregation. Eventually, the Church transformed into a meth house after plans to turn the Church into an apartment building failed.
Following 40 years of disintegration, the Church was purchased in 2007 by a local non-profit (TRICA), with a mission to restore, rebuild, and to develop a comprehensive children's art center. As has the story of Jordan, this building has gone from happiness to darkness. And now, recovery.
Jordan's Ride and Recovery
There comes a point when a conscious decision needs to be made to move forward. I remember talking on the phone with Candi once and something she said really struck me in a way I won't ever forget. “I have a made a decision to live,” she said.
Jordan's father, Jesse, has made the same decision and has taken up biking as an outlet for grief. Early in 2012 the idea for Jordan's Ride was born, an annual event dedicated to raising awareness and funds for SIDS/SUDC research and counseling. Every year, Jesse rides the extreme route of 105 miles in honor of Jordan, joined by many families in Idaho and beyond who ride for their child.
Candi and Jesse have also become the proud parents of two more children; Sydney and Jayden.
Things are better. They're not perfect, but they're better. A community of great friends and family along with a strong faith have been the anchors for healing.
We will keep moving forward right alongside with them and we will never forget the life of Jordan.
Like us, our canine friends are able to form abstract concepts. Friederike Range and colleagues from the University of Vienna in Austria have shown for the first time that dogs can classify complex color photographs and place them into categories in the same way that humans do. And the dogs successfully demonstrate their learning through the use of computer automated touch-screens, eliminating potential human influence.
In order to test whether dogs can visually categorize pictures, and transfer their knowledge to new situations, four dogs were shown landscape and dog photographs, and expected to make a selection on a computer touch-screen.
In the training phase, the dogs were shown both the landscape and dog photographs simultaneously and were rewarded with a food pellet if they selected the dog picture (positive stimulus). The dogs then took part in two tests.
In the first test, the dogs were shown completely different dog and landscape pictures. They continued to reliably select the dog photographs, demonstrating that they could transfer their knowledge gained in the training phase to a new set of visual stimuli, even though they had never seen those particular pictures before.
In the second test, the dogs were shown new dog pictures pasted onto the landscape pictures used in the training phase, facing them with contradictory information: on the one hand, a new positive stimulus as the pictures contained dogs even though they were new dogs; on the other hand, a familiar negative stimulus in the form of the landscape.
When the dogs were faced with a choice between the new dog on the familiar landscape and a completely new landscape with no dog, they reliably selected the option with the dog. These results show that the dogs were able to form a concept i.e. ‘dog', although the experiment cannot tell us whether they recognized the dog pictures as actual dogs.
The authors also draw some conclusions on the strength of their methodology: “Using touch-screen computers with dogs opens up a whole world of possibilities on how to test the cognitive abilities of dogs by basically completely controlling any influence from the owner or experimenter.” They add that the method can also be used to test a range of learning strategies and has the potential to allow researchers to compare the cognitive abilities of different species using a single method.
Journal reference: Range F et al (2007). Visual categorization of natural stimuli by domestic dogs (Canis familiaris). Animal Cognition (DOI 10.1007/s10071-007-0123-2).
Allegri: 'Want to talk about refs?'
By Football Italia staff
Massimiliano Allegri was furious after another ‘phantom goal' in Milan's draw with Catania and slammed Juventus. “They ought to shut up.”
The Rossoneri earned a 1-1 scoreline in Sicily this evening, but Giovanni Marchese cleared Robinho's effort when at least the vast majority of the ball – possibly all of it – had crossed the line.
“It's very difficult to tell, but it is a goal,” complained Allegri on Sky Sport Italia, who also saw Sulley Muntari's goal not given against Juve this season.
“It's not about the referee or linesman, as it is difficult to tell, but the problem is that there are many who keep on talking and ought to shut up.
“Once again this morning I read that someone wants an advantage from the officials,” he continued, referring to Juventus director general Beppe Marotta's interview.
“We played four balanced games this term and each time there were incidents that went against us. They were with Juventus when the Scudetto seemed to be closed off, in Florence and in Rome with a penalty awarded and then taken away.
“Therefore people ought to shut up. I read yet more talk this morning, but the error on Muntari's goal is worth the entire tournament. I never cause controversy, but then these people again insist on talking about the referees.
“At this point, clearly I have to join in and talk about refereeing incidents too.”
It was a thrilling encounter with Catania, as the Sicilians rattled the crossbar and had a goal controversially disallowed.
“We threw away too much possession in attack without creating enough chances. In the second half Catania came out very strong, but we stopped playing too early, probably because of the Champions League fatigue.
“It was important to win, but we knew it was going to be extremely tough, because Catania are a great team. At the moment, at least we added a point to our standings.”
Juventus is now five points behind and face Napoli on Sunday evening.
City of London bankers are worried that a controversial idea is taking hold: that the U.K.'s financial sector would be better off with no Brexit deal than a bad one | Carl Court/Getty Images Rise of Brexiteers in battle of ideas with City of London City lobbyists are increasingly worried that Brexit supporters' ‘simplistic' proposals are gaining the ear of the government.
LONDON — In the battle over the best path for the City of London after the country leaves the EU, the Brexiteers have seized the initiative.
In the absence of an official government position on financial services after Brexit, City of London bankers are worried that a controversial idea is taking hold: that the U.K.'s financial sector would be better off with no Brexit deal than a bad one.
The idea's main proponent is Barney Reynolds, a prominent banking lawyer and head of finance group at law firm Shearman & Sterling.
Reynolds, who became known as the City's “pro-Brexit” guy after he suggested that the U.K. should try to get the EU to agree to tweak the existing arrangements the bloc maintains for the trade in services with non-members. If that fails, he argued, the U.K. should refuse to be taken hostage and simply unilaterally streamline its own rules to get an edge.
The problem everyone — including Reynolds — is trying to solve is how U.K. financial firms can sell their services in the EU's single market after they lose “passporting” rights, which currently allow them to do so as a member of the bloc.
In the months after the referendum vote, numerous views were floated, but they have coalesced around two main camps.
Most City bankers have banded together with lobbyists under the auspices of the International Regulatory Strategy Group (IRSG) chaired by Mark Hoban, a former financial secretary to the Treasury. They have been pushing since April for retaining access to the single market on the basis of a completely new free trade agreement (FTA) framework.
The IRSG proposed a chapter in a trade agreement that would allow the free flow of financial services on the basis of mutual recognition of regulatory outcomes. A joint supervision and dispute resolution function would monitor differences and mediate if rules diverged too much.
Reynolds agrees that a deal along those lines would be nice. But he cautions against betting that the EU would agree to something like that. The process he suggests tweaking instead is known as "equivalence" — it allow firms to sell a limited range of services in the EU once the European Commission deems their home country's rules are similar enough to the bloc's.
If that doesn't work, Reynolds has argued that the U.K. should forget about a special deal with the EU and its burdensome regulations, and maintain its status as a finance capital by streamlining its own rules.
Reynolds' distinctly non-mainstream suggestions surprised many because he's long been among the top financial regulation lawyers in London.
He doesn't have the big personality associated with the Brexit camp and is a policy wonk who speaks in monotone legalese, rather than the catchy slogans of the Leavers.
Muted response
An IRSG-style deal has received open support from a number of government officials. But City lobbyists worry that Reynolds' ideas have gained enough traction to prevent the government from adopting their proposals as its official stance.
Supporters of the City proposal said Reynolds' idea is politically attractive because it over-simplifies the problem and tells politicians what they want to hear. They cautioned that while enhanced equivalence would be better than no deal, it has numerous holes, and the optimal version of it also requires a detailed bilateral deal, so is not so simple in practice.
“What frightens people is what is going on in the political arena, which bears no resemblance at all to the technical side of the discussions,” said one regulatory expert involved in advising the City on trade proposals. “How do you engage in political debate with technical arguments? There is an enormous degree of frustration about that.”
In a sign of mounting alarm, U.K. Finance, a second lobby group, released an 88-page paper on November 15, putting forward ideas that are identical in principle to the IRSG proposal — only in simpler language.
“We wanted something, given how much traction some of these other reports by people like Barney Reynolds [was getting] … we wanted to put out something that is a bit more practical,” said a government affairs head at an international bank.
Another government affairs official at a different bank agreed: “This is a contest I think for mainstream versus fringe views. We were getting concerned that the mainstream was being dismissed on the grounds of being too difficult."
Reynolds' proposal offers "simplistic solutions to difficult questions,” the official added.
As the clock ticks and the EU position doesn't appear to soften, Reynolds' idea is only getting more attractive. EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier has refused to discuss a deal on finance until the “Phase 2” of talks on trade begins. And in a framework for negotiations leaked to POLITICO, Barnier is pushing for a trade deal much like that between the EU and Canada, which has a very limited section on financial services.
Reynolds' arguments delight Brexiteers because rather than pining about the loss of single market membership, he suggests the U.K. can do better without it. His idea, which can work in an FTA or on its own, is to build on existing architecture instead of investing time and political capital on a completely new one.
“My proposal is more easily done because the EU has said there will be no special deal for the U.K., but it's building on a concept that is already part of EU law,” Reynolds said.
In his latest publication on November 30, he spelled out in further detail how Britain would be better off with no deal at all if the EU won't negotiate one that works for the U.K.
His so-called "financial center" model calls for more competitive regulation and tax policy and most controversially, dismisses the City's sacred cows: the need for a transition deal and avoiding Brexit "cliff edges."
Reynolds said his proposal is easier for politicians to engage with because it presents solutions for different political outcomes.
"We may or may not get a transition, we may or may not get a deal. Those options are not in the U.K. gift," said Reynolds. "What would be unfortunate is to condition people into thinking, 'We have to get these things, or we will pull the trigger on dramatic changes.'"
Where's the government paper?
In reality, it's hard to know which way the government is leaning. The only thing clear to everyone is that there is still no government position paper on financial services — and no one knows if or when one will materialize.
“The bottom line is that jobs will go. The question is how many" — Government affairs head at an international bank in London
A government official rejected the idea that its final position would be largely based on any specific approach suggested by interest groups. But some aspects of the IRSG idea for an FTA have been indirectly backed by regulators, including the Financial Conduct Authority and the Bank of England.
And the IRSG's approach was specifically mentioned by Brexit Secretary David Davis in a speech as one of the City's “innovative ideas” for “possible new frameworks.”
Rachel Kent, a partner at law firm Hogan Lovells which co-authored the IRSG report, also noted that so far, nothing out of Brussels indicates a lack of appetite to discuss a financial services FTA in the City's ongoing engagement with European officials and industry.
“The bottom line is that jobs will go,” said a third government affairs head at an international bank in London. "The question is how many. That's largely in the hands of the government and the Conservative party and the EU. But the emphasis is on the [U.K. government] because it depends on what sort of deal they are prepared to do."
The POLITICO Global Policy Lab is a collaborative journalism project seeking solutions to challenges faced by modern economies in an age of political disruption and technological transformation. Join the community.
Temperatures are dropping across NSW after a day of record highs contributed to catastrophic fire danger and more than 80 blazes.
A southerly change moved across the north of the state on Sunday night bringing cooler temperatures but also the danger of increased winds and erratic fire behaviour in the short term.
Before the change a number of towns recorded their hottest every day.
Port Macquarie hit 46.5 compared with a previous top of 43.3C, while in Kempsey it was 46.4C where the existing record had been 43.9C.
Taree reached 45.7C on Sunday, beating the previous highest temperature of 43C.
Walgett was the hottest town in NSW with the mercury hitting 47.9C.
Sydney got the change late on Saturday night so only reached 32C on Sunday. Out west in Penrith it was 38C on Sunday.
Bureau of Meteorology senior forecaster Neil Fraser said while the southerly change could bring damaging winds "the good news is it should be all easing off by the early hours of Monday".
The bureau isn't expecting storms overnight and the only lightning on Sunday evening was right over the Sir Ivan fire in central western NSW.
"It actually generated it's own thunderstorm cell over the top of the fire just after the change went through," Mr Fraser said.
Fire danger will remain very high on Monday in the Greater Hunter, Central Ranges, Northern Slopes, North Western and Upper and Lower Central West Plains fire areas.
But in welcome news for firefighters no part of the state is rated severe, extreme or catastrophic.
"The ratings are dropping away with the cooler air coming across," Mr Fraser said.
"The only part of the state still in the 30s (on Monday) is the northern inland areas."
There'll be a total fire ban in the North Western fire area only.
© AAP 2019
The Philadelphia Experiment
Did the USS Eldridge really disappear? (Copyright Lee Krystek, 1999)
In October 1955 "Dr." Morris Jessup received a series of strange letters. Jessup was a 55 year-old astronomer and adventurer. Though he'd never officially received a Phd he'd written a dissertation in the field of astrophysics. Later he developed interests in jungle exploration, archaeology and "fringe" science. In that same year his book The Case for the UFO was published in hardcover and paperback.
It was shortly after the paperback version of his work came out that the letters arrived. They were rambling, strangely worded and written with several different colors of pencil and pen. The second of these letters told Jessup about an experiment the U.S. Navy had tried in 1943. According to the writer, the Navy was trying to render a destroyer invisible by applying Einstein's Unified Field Theory. The ship, the U.S.S. Eldridge, had indeed disappeared, the letter said, but at a terrible price to the crew: ...
The "result" was complete invisibility of a ship. Destroyer type, and all of its crew, While at Sea (October. 1943) The Field Was effective in an oblate spheroidal shape, extending one hundred yards (More or Less, due to the Lunar position & Latitude) out from each beam of the ship. Any Person Within that sphere became vague in form BUT He too observed those Persons aboard that ship as though they too were of the same state, yet were walking upon nothing. Any person without that sphere could see Nothing save the clearly Defined shape of the Ships Hull in the Water, PROVIDING of course, that the person was just close enough to see yet, barely outside the field. Why tell you Now? Very Simple; If You choose to go Mad then you would reveal this information. Half of the officers & crew of that Ship are at Present, Mad as Hatters. A few, are even Yet confined to certain areas where they May receive trained Scientific aid when they either, "Go Blank" or "Go Blank" & Get Stuck."... The Man thusly stricken can Not Move of his own volition unless two or More of those who are within the field go & touch him, quickly, else he "Freezes".
The writer also claimed that some of the crew could walk through walls and that during the experiment the whole ship had disappeared, reappeared in Norfolk, Virginia, then returned to Philadelphia. The man claimed he had observed the experiment from a merchant ship nearby and had later read about some more of the incident in a Philadelphia newspaper. The writer had signed himself "Carl M. Allen."
Jessup thought the letters were from a crackpot until he was visited by two men from the Office of Naval Research (ONR). The ONR had anonymously been sent a paperback copy of Jessup's UFO book. The inside of the book had been heavily marked up with incoherent handwritten notes in various colors that made it appear that at least three different writers had been involved. Although Admiral Furth, to whom the package had been addressed, took little notice of the strange volume, Commander George Hoover, Major Darrell Ritter and Captain Sidney Sherby, all of the ONR, took a personal interest in it. They also decided to talk to Jessup to see if he could shed some light on the author of the notes.
Jessup immediately recognized the script to be in the same style as the letters. He showed the letters to the officers. The Navy men were interested in them. They took the letters and the book, and at their own expense, had a few number of copies made that were distributed to a small group of people.
The officers attempted to find this "Carl M. Allen" (who would later be identified as "Carols Miguel Allende") but none of the return addresses on the letters or the package seemed to lead to him. Jessup, who was busy on other projects, at first lost interest in the strange correspondence, but later started investigating their unusual claims. He found out little.
In 1969, after Jessup's death, Allende showed up at the office of the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO) in Tucson, Arizona, The APRO group is dedicated to examining UFO reports. There Allende confessed to writing the letters and the notes in the book sent to the ONR. He stated that Jessup's book, particularly a part about invisability and force fields, had frightened him prompting him to make up the story of the ship disappearing to scare Jessup away from writing about UFOs.
So ifsAllende confession the end of the tale? Not quite. In 1979 William Moore and Charles Berlitz wrote a book called "The Philadelphia Experiment." In the book they suggested that Allende's confession may have been false. They also included a copy of what appeared to be a newspaper article from 1943. The book infers that the sailors mentioned in the article were suffering after effects of "The Philadelphia Experiment." The headline read:
Strange Circumstances Surround Tavern Brawl
The article stated that during an altercation at a Philadelphia bar, two sailors disappeared into thin air. There is no date or newspaper name on the article and it does not seem to match the column size of any Philadelphia paper of that day. It was obtained when a photocopy was sent to Moore and Berlitz anonymously. Unfortunately this combination of circumstances makes it impossible to show that the article is not a hoax.
The USS Eldridge in port some years later under a different name and flag.
The Moore/Berlitz book also focused on Jessup's death (which was a suicide) and the uncharacteristic interest of ONR in Allende's notes. The authors suggest that this is evidence that there is some truth behind the story.
Two films were made about the alleged incident which helped to keep public interest in the story going. In 1984 the "The Philadelphia Experiment" staring Michael Pare and Nancy Allen told a much altered version of the the Moore/Berlitz book's tale. A sequel ,"Philadelphia Experiment II," was released in 1993.
It may not only be Allende's letters that inspired the rumors about "The Philadelphia Experiment" (which has also been referred to as the "Rainbow Project"). During WWII the United States Navy had a program to deguass ships. This process, which entailed running cables around the circumference of the ship's hull (bow to stern), canceled out the ship's magnetic field. This made it undetectable (or one might say magnetically invisible) to some types of mines and torpedoes. The process had no affect on the visual appearance of the ship. The US Navy suggests that a misunderstanding of this process may have somehow been the genesis for "The Philadelphia Experiment" story.
Another possibility might be experiments the Navy carried out on the USS Timmerman during the 1950's. A new high-frequency generator was installed. The generator produced corona discharges that seemed similar to what was described in the story when the ship supposedly disappeared.
Whatever the roots of the story might have been (Allende, deguassing or corona discharges) one thing is certain: No experiment was done in 1943 at the Philadelphia Navy Yard involving the USS Eldridge.
During that period she never stopped in Philadelphia. A fact attested to by the ship's crew. In March of 1999 fifteen members of the crew of the USS Eldridge held a reunion in Atlantic City. They were a bit bewildered about why of all the ships in the U.S. Navy the Eldridge was chosen for this rumor. Some were getting tired of being asked about it. All denied anything like what was in the Allende story or the Moore/Berlitz book ever actually happened. Quipped former crew member Ed Tempary as he gave his comrades a smile, "The only part of the book I think is true is the part about the crew being a little crazy."
As Gary Johnson gears up to try to win the Libertarian Party's nod in their Las Vegas national convention in early May, various writers are wondering how thoroughly non-interventionist his foreign policy ideas are (especially in the wake of two Ron Paul campaigns that have raised the bar high for a libertarian-leaning approach to military intervention).
It started with a Daily Caller interview defining Johnson's foreign policy vision as "strange" in a headline. Why strange? Largely because in a macro vision of severe (in D.C. standards) cuts in military and defense spending (of 43 percent), Johnson leaves a lot of room for the sort of interventions the Ron Paul brand of libertarian foreign policy avoids. Johnson
told TheDC that he supports Americas efforts to aid African troops in tracking down Lord's Resistance Army leader Joseph Kony and that he wouldn't rule out leaving behind American bases in Afghanistan. Johnson said that while he wants to end the war in Afghanistan, that doesn't mean he would necessarily stop drone attacks against terrorists in Pakistan or Yemen, even though he believes they create more enemies than they kill. “I would want to leave all options on the table,” Johnson said.... “So now you have the U.S. bases that exist in those areas, do we shut down those military bases? Perhaps not,” he suggested, taking an odd position for a supposed anti-war candidate. “I would completely withdraw our military presence,” he further expounded. “Does withdrawing our military presence from Afghanistan mean that we would still have a base open in Afghanistan if they allowed us to keep a base open? Perhaps.”.... But despite Johnson saying he thinks that the Middle East is a region of the world the United States should maintain a military presence in, he contended that there are “no military threats” to the U.S. anywhere in the world. “As I'm sitting here right now, there are no military threats against the United States,” he said, stipulating that America should be “vigilant” against terrorist attacks on the homeland. Last year, The Weekly Standard reported that Johnson told the publication that he supported the concept of waging wars for humanitarian reasons despite wanting to cut the military budget by nearly half. Asked whether he stood by that, Johnson said he did. “I don't want to close the door that if any of us were president of the United States that we would sit idly by and watch something like the Holocaust go down,” he said..... “When you talk about a 43 percent reduction in military spending, that's going back to 2003 funding levels, not the end of the world,” he contended, though military planners would likely strongly disagree. One intervention Johnson said he supports is the U.S. mission to help capture Joseph Kony, the leader of the Lord's Resistance Army, which Johnson believes is arguably the “worst terrorist” group in the world.... “Based on what I understand about it, that arguably this is the worst terrorist group that's been on the planet for the last 20 years.” He also noted that his mission would have differed from the current one in that he would have asked for volunteers from the military to undertake it with a more belligerent plan to “wipe ‘em out.” “Well Congress passed the legislation to authorize us intervening, Obama signed the legislation and then eight months later we have an advisory force that goes in,” he said. “I think if I had signed the legislation that I would have had plans to immediately ask for a volunteer force and gone in and wipe ‘em out."
This all matches my own impressions of Johnson the times I've seen him speak, mostly to smaller groups: he's a thoughtful guy with an intelligently pragmatic streak that leads him to recognize that government is out-of-control huge and expensive, and given his political experience I do expect him, if he wins the LP's nod, to do better for them than they've done in a while.
But he seems to lack either the systematic thinking or moral fervor that makes me trust him to reliably come to truly libertarian conclusions on many issues. While his conclusions are frequently, even mostly, libertarian, I'm not quite sure his natural instincts are.
He's more willing to give a statist solution a try if he thinks, well, that might do some good, as evidenced by the above, which seems to lack either a historic or strategic sense of what the U.S. government's proper purpose is, or what bad aftereffects often flow from seemingly easy or quick interventions. There are both constitutional and pragmatic reasons to not be as loose in expending American force overseas as Johnson is here. It's not just that we need to spend less; we also ought to do less when it comes to military force overseas in a country facing no serious military threats to the homeland.
Jim Antle at American Spectator reacted to that Daily Caller story and wonders what Johnson's foreign policy waffling will mean to his ability to shave off Ron Paul voters for the LP:
Now, there is nothing wrong with being selective in the use of military force. Being involved everywhere or nowhere may be consistent, but it isn't necessarily a sound foreign policy. Yet it is difficult to discern an overarching strategy or philosophy here that would influence or dictate when the United States would intervene. Back when Johnson was still running as a Republican, I noted that he was at a disadvantage against Ron Paul because he was less conservative on social issues and less radical on the issues of war and peace that drive Paul's libertarian base.
Daniel Larison at American Conservative also sees a lot to be supportive of in Johnson's statements, even if they lack Paulian coherence:
He endorses the decision to send soldiers to aid in combating the remnants of the LRA in central Africa, but that appears to be the extent of his support for recent decisions justified on humanitarian grounds. For those concerned about his endorsement of humanitarian intervention, I would remind them hat Johnson opposed the war in Libya from the beginning. I have not been able to find any evidence that he has taken a position for or against intervention in Syria. Presumably, his objections to the Libyan war would apply in that case as well, but we simply don't know his position. It's possible that Johnson endorses such interventions in principle, but rarely sees a situation where U.S. intervention would be desirable. The very minimal deployment in central Africa qualifies, but larger and riskier military actions do not.
Reason.tv interviews Johnson, featuring super interlocutors Matt Welch and Nick Gillespie:
A BMW M1 hiding away in a garage in southern Italy has seen the light for the first time in more than three decades, according to Mint Classics, a BMW specialist shop and showroom in Berlin.
Hiding under a thick layer of dust, some assorted trash, and 34 years worth of neglect, this M1 has an embarrassingly low number of miles on the clock—roughly 4,500, or 7,329km. Mint Classics' photos reveal damage-free bodywork and a time capsule-like interior.
The engine in this M1 is pure sex, too, despite its relative lack of power—272hp in stock trim. It is the infamous M88/1, a 3.5-liter twin-cam straight-six with period BMW touches, like individual throttle bodies, intake stacks (which are hiding underneath the airbox), Kugelfischer fuel injection, and serpentine exhaust headers. The M1 also had a relatively short-lived career in the M1 Procar Championship, whose cars were developed to produce around 470hp. Our very own Lawrence Ulrich had a go in one at Laguna Seca.
Mint Classics plans on restoring this beauty back to its former glory and turning it over to a lucky new owner. With values skyrocketing for M1s—arguably BMW's only supercar, with only 453 models produced—this example will demand a pretty penny when in working order.
Business Insider has a great oral history of Trading Places today, and it's filled with awesome tidbits about the classic film. Tidbits such as:
1. The movie was originally written for Gene Wilder and Richard Pryor
LANDIS: The script was developed for Gene Wilder and Richard Pryor. And when I was sent the script, Richard Pryor, unfortunately, had his accident where he burnt himself rather badly, and they sent it to me and said, ‘What do you think?
2. The studio really didn't want Jamie Lee Curtis to be cast
LANDIS: She had just made ‘Halloween 2,' for which she'd been paid I think a $1 million, and we paid her probably $70,000. When I cast her the studio went nuts. I was called into the head of the studio's office and he said, ‘This woman's a B-movie actress,' and I said, ‘Not after this movie!'
3. The movie totally revitalized Don Ameche's carrer
LANDIS: He hadn't made a movie in 14 years, he'd been doing dinner theater.While we were shooting later in Philadelphia — he was so wonderful — I said, ‘Don, may I ask a question? How come you haven't worked in 14 years?' And he said, ‘Well, nobody called!'The great upshot of this is after Trading Places came out, the next movie he was in was ‘Cocoon,' which he won an Oscar. He never stopped working the rest of his life — he made like 10 more movies, I worked with him twice more.
4. The commodities floor scenes were shot halfway up one of the Twin Towers
LANDIS: I also remember that the commodities market, it was in one of the towers at the World Trade Center on the 50th or 60th floor — no windows, and 3 to 4 stories high. That was very strange, to take an elevator up 50 or 60 floors, and then you thought you were underground.
5. Some people seemed to miss the moral of the story
HARRIS: Somebody came up to me recently and said it was because of ‘Trading Places' that he'd gone into the world of finance, which is like a huge paradigm turn — that a film written as satire of that world ends up inspiring somebody to go into that world and make a lot of money. But it just shows how times change since that film was made.
- A 23-year-old woman was heartbroken when she had to leave her beloved cat "Kitty" behind in the fires.
Ohndrea Elliot tells KTVU her mom called her around 11 p.m. and said there was a fire starting in Calistoga.
Elliot woke up her roommates and they started packing up overnight bags and their three dogs. They thought the house would get smoky, but they expected to return the next day.
As Elliot was packing up she started to smell smoke and saw an ominous glow in the distant mountains. The wind was gusting as they frantically packed up their cars.
As her roommate was loading her car, a tree crashed onto it. They made the quick decision to leave the car running in the middle of the street.
"We had to get out of there. The sky was bright red and it all happened so fast," she said.
As they were leaving she saw Kitty, her 10-year-old calico cat, run across the street. "I felt horrible. It broke my heart. We had everyone else safe except Kitty. And she was the last thing I saw as we were leaving. She was running for her life."
The day after Elliot learned the home was burned along with her belongings; she began the search for Kitty. She didn't have any photos since they were lost in the fire but she began posting on social media. Elliot says, "I knew she was out there, she's tough and so smart!"
Elliot got in contact with the Sonoma Humane Society who sent her a photo of the scorched calico cat. Elliot says when she opened the photo and saw it was Kitty, "I broke down really hard. I couldn't breathe."
She learned Kitty had burnt paws and fur. Veterinarians at Sonoma Humane Society are trying to heal Kitty's padding on her paws and she's on pain medication while she recovers in a heated bed. "They have taken such good care of her. And they didn't ask for money. They did it without question. They are so busy with so many animals. I'm just so thankful."
Elliot was unaware that one of our KTVU crews had crossed paths with Kitty during our fire coverage. Our KTVU video showed a near lifeless cat with signed whiskers in the arms of a worried man. KTVU reporter Brooks Jarosz was en route to a story but stopped to try to help. He tried to look up the phone number of a veterinarian on his phone, but cell towers were down. The men gave Kitty water and a sheriff's deputy drove up to help.
Watch our KTVU crew's encounter with Kitty here
When Elliot watched the scene in our YouTube video she said she couldn't stop crying. "Please if you find out who the neighbor was before I do, please tell me! I want to give him a big hug and thank him for holding her and keeping her so safe.”
Elliot is now finding comfort in visiting Kitty at the shelter. Kitty is getting plenty of TLC as Elliot takes one day at a time.
Memo to Pence: Prepare to Be Gerald Ford
Dear Vice President Mike Pence:
A betting man might place odds that, sometime in the next three and a half years, and maybe a lot sooner than that, you will become president of the United States. The present situation in the White House is unsustainable. The time has come for you to consider the possibility that, as a result, it will not be sustained and that you, as a consequence, have a date with history at some point on your calendar.
True, your boss's impeachment and removal remains a low-probability event. A Republican-controlled Congress has already allowed the president to cross thresholds that would surely have led to the removal of prior commanders in chief. While this may reflect little more than base political calculations, impeachment is an exceptionally grave act before which one should naturally hesitate. The preeminent legal scholar Charles Black opened his book on impeachment by arguing that “[e]veryone must shrink from this most drastic of measures.” Writing in Lawfare, Jane Chong notes: “Acknowledging his own status as a longtime political opponent of then-President Richard Nixon, Black nonetheless expresses ‘a very strong sense of the dreadfulness of the step of removal.' Impeachment must be treated like high-risk surgery, he insists, ‘to be resorted to only when the rightness of diagnosis and treatment is sure.'” So it may take time, and your appointment with history may never come.
But consider, at this stage, the odds that President Trump will be removed from office early are certainly not lower than the odds of his election in the first instance. Only last week, a Republican senator spoke the words: “the beginning of the end of the Trump presidency.” Your boss is completely out of control. You know this, probably better than we do. You know that he is incapable of controlling his behavior and could lash out at any moment in a fashion that could be ruinous. You know that's true even if there's nothing to all those Russian allegations. And you know that all those denials — including the ones to your face — have proved false. You know, in other words, that it could happen. And if it does, you will face the monumental task of leading a fractured country forward out of the wreckage. The time to begin preparing for that moment is now.
You occupy an unusual position in our constitutional structure. Because you, like the president himself, were elected by the people, you are the only member of the executive branch whom Donald Trump cannot fire. This gives you unusual power in a White House more closely modeled on Lord of the Flies than Abraham Lincoln's team of rivals. You do not, as White House staffers are so fond of reminding one another, serve at the pleasure of the president. He's stuck with you. He can marginalize you, but he can't get rid of you entirely.
It is critical that you recognize the distinction between yourself and the courtiers who jockey for his favor. You do not merely serve Donald Trump. You have an independent relationship with the American people, and Trump's fall — whenever it eventually comes to pass — will be your rise. It's time for you to stop acting like one of the courtiers and start acting like a potential successor, a viable one. The strength and nature of your independent relationship with the people may well have profound consequences for a post-Trump America. So risk his displeasure and start cultivating that relationship now.
Embrace marginalization. It's your protection, the one thing that may allow you to emerge as a leader not hopelessly tainted by your origin story. Work on that marginalization. Pray for it. Don't try to come in from the cold. Run out into the cold — and stay there.
The first step is putting meaningful distance between yourself and Trump. You do not have to publicly condemn his shocking conduct — though it'd be nice if you did. But enough with the insincere fawning and the over-the-top efforts to remain in his good graces. Do not allow yourself to be sullied by the swirling insanity overtaking 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. Your foreign trip was a good idea. Do more of that. Go to funerals. Make speeches on important unifying themes. Someone in this administration needs to act with the deliberation and integrity and dignity of a president. And it should be you because, unlike the many sycophants surrounding Trump, you may need to wake up tomorrow and actually be the president. The more time you spend with Trump, the less plausible you'll be in his role.
Second, it is critical that you have some credibility. Your association with Trump has already deprived you of most of it for many Americans. But, hey, you go to war with the vice president you have, not the vice president you wish you had. So please, be careful not to ever allow an administration unrivaled in its mendacity to once again make a liar out of you. Simply refuse to make any factual representations to the American people that you have not independently verified and are not prepared to personally stand behind. Claiming the White House lied to you just isn't going to cut it.
Third, reaffirm, wherever possible, your commitment to and faith in all of our three branches of government. We have seen President Trump assault the integrity and independence of the other branches — and his own, for that matter. Remember that he is poisoning the well for you, too. Do you want to become president having never stood up for the men and women of the Justice Department? Do you want your administration to have to litigate before courts for whose integrity you couldn't muster a word? Remember that the people whose abuse you tolerate today may have to work for you tomorrow. How do you want them to see you?
Finally, study and study again the example of Gerald Ford, who became president with the resignation of Richard Nixon on Aug. 9, 1974. In the days leading up to Nixon's resignation, Ford was not certain of the outcome. He did, however, make decisions that proved critical in his ability to lead the country out from Watergate. His example is instructive.
A vice president staring down the barrel of his boss's impeachment would be well advised to consider and care about historical perceptions. Ford, for example, elected to have credible witnesses in the room for significant meetings. His own chief of staff, Robert Hartmann, accompanied him to a meeting with Nixon's chief of staff, Alexander Haig, wherein Haig informed the vice president of the soon-to-be revealed tapes that would end Nixon's presidency.
In that meeting, Haig laid out a series of options regarding Nixon's future, including that Nixon resign and Ford issue a pardon. Ford declined to comment on that option — or on the issue of pardons at all — deeming himself an interested party in the matter. He assiduously conducted himself so as to ensure that when accusations of a quid pro quo — that he pardoned Nixon in exchange for becoming president — inevitably surfaced, he was able to counter them honestly. Are you conducting yourself in a fashion that you will comfortably answer questions about your comportment when the time comes?
Ford was determined to not take any steps that could be perceived as attempting to secure the presidency for himself. He did not encourage the president to resign, though his doing so would obviously trigger Ford's own elevation, and he gave no indication of any willingness to pardon Nixon if he did resign. But, critically, neither did he suck up to Nixon nor erode his own credibility so as to make himself less of a viable leader if he had to lead. In short, part of Ford's great service to the nation was not just his uncheerful willingness to assume the office, but his ability to do so under conditions in which members of both parties could speak to his honesty and integrity. Those are conditions you are going to need to cultivate.
After Ford took office, he addressed the nation, saying: “My fellow Americans, our long national nightmare is over. Our Constitution works; our great republic is a government of laws and not of men.”
It's a good line. You might consider jotting it down somewhere — and practicing it a few times.
Photo credit: AARON P. BERNSTEIN/Getty Images
No action is sufficient in itself, black bloc or otherwise
By Oshipeya
March 14, 2010
“No act is sufficient in itself, nor is its meaning so obvious that it would require no expression at all.”
– Gilles Dauvé and Karl Nesic, A Contribution to the Critique of Political Autonomy
This article is a response to three other articles, “Breaking windows is not a revolutionary act” by Judy Rebick, “The State Is Not a Window” by Heatscore and “Thoughts on the anonymous communiqué from members of the Black Bloc” by Andrew Loewen.
It is true that the State is not a window, but neither is it just an abstract concept. Breaking windows is not a revolutionary act and neither is any other act if taken out of context and presented as an abstraction, ignoring the intentions and strategy of those who break the windows.
The State or Capital or colonialism cannot be attacked as abstractions. They can only be attacked in their material forms, their social relations and their institutions. It is not possible to attack all forms and material components of oppression at once, so they must be attacked in pieces at different times and locations.
Like oppressive systems, a social revolution is more than the sum of its parts, but neither can it exist without its parts working in relation to each other. A social revolution can be seen as an accumulation of diverse activities over a period of time. It is not a switch that can be flipped instantly. It can't be understood in a purely abstract way or by ignoring the different particular factors and actions that compose it.
It is not always possible to fully understand the long-term impact, effects and interrelation of effects of different actions in regards to social movements and revolutionary struggle, just as it is difficult to understand “public opinion”, which is also an abstraction as well as a contradiction, in as much as the “public” is an abstraction and contradiction, made up of opposing social classes, other oppressive divisions and diverse real individuals.
The idea that breaking windows is a revolutionary act or that the State is a window or made up of windows was never presented by participants in the black bloc at the Heart Attack anti-olympic demonstration in Vancouver on February 13, 2010, or by its supporters. It is not possible to understand or build an analysis or argument around statements that were never made in the first place. The easiest way to not understand something is to take it out of context.
The black bloc at the Heart Attack demo also did not “come into the middle of a demonstration with black face masks and break up whatever takes their fancy when the vast majority of people involved don't want them to”, as Rebick falsely claims in her article. The demonstration was publicly called as a “diversity of tactics” and “confrontational” demonstration to block traffic, “to clog the arteries of capital”. A prior spokes-council for the action was publicly announced. Of about 200 participants, about half, or 100 people, were using the black bloc tactic, while the other half mostly supported it or did not oppose it, staying with the march throughout and continuing on after most of the black bloc had dispersed.
The Heart Attack demo was only one of many during the anti-olympic convergence. Participants in the black bloc respected the wishes of others at demos that were called for as non-confrontational. This built support for the way the black bloc tactic was used at the Heart Attack demo. The previous day, the black bloc had taken part in a demo to block the torch route on Commercial Drive and the mass demo at the opening ceremonies and did not break windows. The tactic has also been used at many demos in Vancouver over the past 10 years, mostly without any window breaking. Participants in the black bloc also participate in many other activities. They are not only anonymous. The black bloc cannot exist or survive repression without some level of outside support. This support is built up before and after black bloc actions, over a long period of time.
The tactic is used to evade police surveillance. What it does beyond that is up to the participants. What has been shown in Vancouver for 10 years is that black bloc participants are not random intruders upon demos called by others, that they in fact seek to work with others rather than against them. This is why the black bloc at the Heart Attack demo had so much support from local activists and non-activists. Ironically, this particular black bloc was one of the most publicly and privately supported of all that have taken place in Canada or the United States in the past 10 years, since the Seattle World Trade Organization riots.
Neither did the black bloc try to provoke a “police over-reaction” as Rebick contends. At the Heart Attack demo, the bloc only responded to police or bystander vigilante initiated attacks. The focus of the demo was blocking traffic, which was highly successful, with a dumpster and many newspaper boxes pulled into the streets and the police response of shutting down the Lions Gate Bridge for more than an hour (the bridge being one of only two routes to the north shore and Whistler Olympic venues from Vancouver). At the mass demo of several thousand people on February 12 at the opening ceremonies, the bloc only shoved against and threw projectiles at the police toward the end of the demo, after organizers publicly called for the bloc to move to the front line and warned other demonstrators to move to the back or disperse.
The breaking of corporate windows at the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) and the Toronto Dominion (TD) bank were complimentary actions to the overall Heart Attack march. They were not the main goal or component, although they were supported within and outside of the bloc. The HBC attack was for obvious reasons particularly supported by indigenous people. But the overall goal of blocking traffic during the first day of the Olympics was highly successful, perhaps more than could have been hoped for, since the direction of the march, heading toward and getting close to the Lions Gate Bridge, caused the police to shut it down for more than an hour. This kind of success is easy to objectively measure compared to the building of long-term wider support and the strengthening of social movements, which is equally important.
The Heart Attack march was one part of the overall movement against the Olympics, with the strategic goal of disrupting the games and their propaganda, so as to lessen their impacts and to create an unwelcome and unstable climate for such events to be proposed in the future. The Olympics are also not a temporary summit of world leaders such as the G8 or G20, but a years long massive infrastructure development project with permanent impacts, which consequently cause greater public opposition to the games and sympathy for protests and actions against them.
The anti-olympic convergence was first called for by members of the indigenous sovereignty movement in Vancouver and British Columbia, and was first publicly announced at a Zapatista gathering in Mexico. Respect for diversity of tactics was a cornerstone from the beginning, and years of confrontational public and anonymous actions followed across the country building up to 2010. So if anything, those opposed to diversity of tactics or the black bloc are the intruders and outsiders to the anti-olympic movement and their numbers are a minority in comparison to those who use it, support it, are neutral or may disagree with it but do not oppose it.
The undercover police officers Rebick brings up, who were exposed at the Montebello protests against the Security and Prosperity Partnership (SPP), were masked but not in black bloc and were exposed by the black bloc and not by a confused trade union leader who apparently could not understand the word “police” said to him in French by black bloc participants, as shown on a youtube video of the incident. Such infiltration is not done only to provoke violent action, which was already taking place at Montebello anyway, but also for surveillance and to target individuals for arrest. It may also be done to discredit the black bloc tactic and to add fuel to the fires of denouncement and bad-jacketing already built-up by activists. While many are quick to accuse black bloc participants of being police agents, without any evidence whatsoever to back up this assertion, the police practice of bad-jacketing, falsely accusing individuals of being police, is never brought up or denounced by the same activists who denounce or chastise the black bloc. Voluntary bad-jacketing done by activists is far more damaging to social movements overall than any actual police infiltration at any particular demonstration.
While any particular black bloc may be infiltrated by police for any number of police purposes, open activist groups are susceptible to long-term infiltration, in which police can attain positions of authority within the organization, as happened a few years ago to an anti-war group in California or for instance to the American Indian Movement, whose head of security was exposed as a Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI) infiltrator in the 1970s.
While the particular statements of black bloc participants or its supporters around what constitutes violence or the corporate media's predictable response and impact are open to criticism, as are particular actions of the black bloc (just as everything is open to criticism), such as vandalism against random vehicles or newspaper boxes, such critiques cannot logically be over generalized and made into guilt-by-association arguments against the black bloc itself or its other actions.
Contrary to Loewen's statement, blocking traffic and breaking windows does directly harm corporations and is not merely symbolic. It's not the amount of traffic disrupted or the amount of financial damage that makes an attack or action material rather than just symbolic. It is the nature of the action itself and the intentions and the strategy behind it. An action is only purely symbolic if it is intended as such. Corporations are also unlikely to make an insurance claim for broken windows given the deductible and the negative impact it would have on their insurance overall, and at any rate the cost would simply be passed on to an insurance corporation if they did. Nothing is without consequence.
Broken windows also have an impact beyond the window itself, since they must be repaired and their function of advertising displays in this case is disrupted, as is the image of the Hudson's Bay Company itself. The action also inspires others opposed to the company and draws more attention in general to it and its contentious place in society. An open attack shows open hostility to the company itself, not merely an opposition to particular things it does or a desire to reform its excesses.
The meaning of these kinds of actions are obviously not only the domain of the corporate media but are also ours to define and communicate in whatever ways and places we choose, as this article itself displays, as do the many other statements in support of the black bloc of that day.
To end with I've provided a transcription of part of a speech made by indigenous elder Stella August of the Downtown Eastside Power of Women group addressed to the crowd at the February 20 rally for a national housing program in Vancouver where she talks about the black bloc at the Heart Attack demo and received cheers and applause from the crowd:
“Our young people who have broken the windows at these big stores with the Olympic costumes or whatever you want to call it, they're not bad, they're angry because of the rich people bringing the Olympics into our country when it wasn't needed here. Those kids were not bad, they were only angry because of what they bring to our country, big time poverty. And I'm angry, I'm very angry at these people that organize the Olympics to come to Canada, our beautiful country, our stolen land, our stolen Native land. They had to bring the Olympics here? And we're still fighting for our land and we're going to continue to fight until we get some answers. So remember, those kids that broke the windows, that were protesting, they're not bad, they're our people, they're our children. We are the mothers, we are the grandmothers, we are the aunts, we are the sisters, we are the caregivers. Those kids were not bad when they broke that window. They were protesting because of what's happening to our country and our city. All my relations.”
– Stella August
Links –
Video of Stella August speech:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqzWnGLJbeA
Corporate news article about Stella August's speech on the black bloc:
http://no2010.com/node/1362
SFU Labour History Director and anarchist writer Mark Leier's interview in the media about the black bloc at the Heart Attack demo:
http://no2010.com/node/1353
Response to Derrick O'Keefe about the black bloc and Heart Attack demo,
By Oshipeya:
http://www.mediacoop.ca/blog/oshipeya/3029
Black Bloc vs. Liberal Shlock,
By Bineshii:
http://anarchistnews.org/?q=node/10839
Breaking windows is not a revolutionary act,
By Judy Rebick:
http://rabble.ca/blogs/bloggers/judes/2010/02/breaking-windows-not-revolutionary-act
The State Is Not a Window,
By Heatscore:
http://linchpin.ca/English/State-Not-Window-Iconoclast
Thoughts on the anonymous communiqué from members of the Black Bloc,
by Andrew Loewen:
http://vancouver.mediacoop.ca/story/2790
A Contribution to the Critique of Political Autonomy.
by Gilles Dauvé and Karl Nesic:
http://troploin0.free.fr/ii/index.php/textes/16-a-contribution-to-the-critique-of-political-autonomy
Advertisements
MEERUT: In what is the first case of its kind in Uttar Pradesh, a woman has been booked for sexual assault under sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) following a complaint by a minor boy.Saharanpur police lodged an FIR against the 23-year-old accused woman following a court order, after the 16-year-old boy alleged that she was putting pressure on him to marry her. The case has been filed under sections 7 and 8 (both of which deal with sexual assault of minors) of POCSO Act and section 386 (extortion with threats to hurt or kill victim) of the IPC.According to police officials, the woman had in her possession some video clippings showing the teenager in a compromising position and had been harassing the boy sexually for some time. She had been mounting pressure on the minor to marry her and threatening to circulate the video clips online if he did not agree.The boy's brother had first approached the police with a complaint, but the police had allegedly refused to file a case, as the accused was a woman while the victim was a boy, contrary to the usual kind of cases filed in the state under the law. The boy's family then approached the court which instructed the police to lodge a complaint and investigate the matter.“Following the court's instructions, we have lodged an FIR against the woman for sexually assaulting a minor. Prima facie the matter appears to be a love affair. It came to our knowledge during the initial investigation that, on the basis of some text messages exchanged between the couple and call recordings, the woman was mounting pressure on the boy to marry her but he refused. We are investigating if any video shows the boy in a compromising position with the woman,” said station officer of Kotwali (rural) police station, Piyush Dikshit.“This might be the first case in the state where a woman has been booked under POCSO following a complaint by a minor boy,” the SO added.
An Apple logo is seen at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2013 in San Francisco, California June 10, 2013. REUTERS/Stephen Lam
(Reuters) - Apple Inc said it plans to build a new solar farm with NV Energy Inc for power supply to its new data center in Reno, Nevada, a major step towards its goal of having its data centers run on renewable energy.
Apple and other technology companies such as Amazon.com Inc and Microsoft Corp, that build and run computer server farms have come under criticism for their high consumption of electricity and other resources.
These data centers cater to an explosion in Internet traffic, streaming content through mobile devices and hosting of services to corporations.
The new solar farm will provide power to Sierra Pacific Power Co's electric grid that serves Apple's data center and when completed will generate about hours 43.5 million kilowatt of clean energy a year, Apple said in a statement.
Apple already runs its largest data center in the U.S. on solar power. The center in Maiden, North Carolina produces 167 million kilowatt hours, the power equivalent of 17,600 homes for one year, from a 100-acre solar farm and fuel cell installations provided by Silicon Valley startup Bloom Energy.
Looming cuts in Medicare payments to doctors could cause a “catastrophic” drop in health care services to seniors unless Congress approve a 13-month, $15.4 billion temporary fix this month, the president of the American Medical Association said Monday in San Diego.
The pay cut scheduled to take effect Dec. 1 would reduce Medicare physician payments by 23 percent for the rest of the year and an additional 1.9 percent beginning in January.
If the cuts are implemented, some doctors may be forced to limit the number of Medicare patients they see or face going out of business, said AMA President Dr. Cecil Wilson.
“This crisis can only be prevented if Congress takes quick action to prevent this cut,” Wilson said at a news conference at the San Diego Marriot Hotel, where the association is holding its semiannual policy meeting this week.
Medicare payments to physicians are calculated on a formula called “sustainable growth rates” approved by Congress in 1997. The amount is set each March, based on the gross domestic product. Every year since 2003, Congress has overridden the formula to prevent cuts to physician reimbursements.
That happened again this year, when the formula translated into a 21.2 percent cut to physician payments. Three times last spring, Congress delayed implementing the cut. In June, lawmakers voted nearly unanimously to extend the same rates for six months and added a 2 percent payment increase for June-November.
Both Republicans and Democrats call for an overhaul to the formula to help control escalating Medicare costs, particularly as the first baby boomers start qualifying for Medicare in January. But neither party has spelled out a long-term fix.
The AMA's call for a 13-month extension of the existing payment schedule includes a 1 percent increase in payments. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated the cost of the proposal at $15.4 billion.
Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said Monday that President Barack Obama viewed the issue as urgent, so physicians aren't in limbo over how they will be paid.
“On Thursday, I attended a Cabinet meeting where the president stressed that preventing these potentially disastrous cuts must be one of our top priorities,” she said in a speech at the annual meeting of the Association of American Medical Colleges in Washington, D.C.
“The American Medical Association has proposed a 13-month extension. And I hope that Congress will act quickly to pass it, so that our doctors and seniors can have some peace of mind while we work on a long-term fix,” she said.
Whether Republicans will vote for another extension remains unclear, after campaigning during the November election for budget cuts to reduce the federal deficit.
“Doctors throughout San Diego County would have found it difficult to accept patients with Medicare if the 21.2 percent cut in Medicare reimbursement rates would have gone into effect in June 2010,” said Rep. Brian Bilbray, R-Solana Beach. “To prevent these cuts, I joined a broad coalition of my colleagues to extend the Medicare reimbursement rates.
“While this short-term fix was necessary, it is imperative that Congress act quickly to put in place a long-term solution. Otherwise many seniors could be left in fear of losing their doctors as another reimbursement crisis looms.”
A spokesman for Rep. Duncan D. Hunter, R-Alpine said temporary fixes don't address needed reforms.
“The best approach is a permanent correction but, until that occurs, temporary patches are the only option,” said Hunter spokesman Joe Kasper. “ I must emphasize: A patch is only acceptable if the cost is fully offset and it does not add to the deficit.”
The AMA's campaign for a 13-month extension, rather than a shorter extension until Congress reconvenes next year takes advantage of a lame-duck session in which both the Senate and the House of Representatives are controlled by Democrats likely to follow the president's lead. That will change next year, when Republicans assume the majority in the House.
The Democratic leadership will put the Medicare physician cuts due to take effect Dec. 1 and Jan. 1 on the legislative agenda this month, spokesmen for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada and House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer of Maryland told Bloomberg News in e-mails Monday.
Wilson said uncertainty over Medicare payments particularly threatens doctors whose practices included a large percentage of Medicare patients.
“A poll earlier this year showed one out of five doctors is already limiting care to Medicare patients because of the threat of future cuts and Medicare mismanagement,” he said.
During the three weeks in June when the extension had expired and a new one hadn't yet been approved, surveys showed 57 percent of medical practices limited care to Medicare patients, Wilson said.
Wilson said the AMA will launch a nationwide ad campaign to pressure Congress to take action before the Thanksgiving recess. Asked how the cost might be funded, Wilson said he didn't underestimate the challenge but that it was the responsibility of Congress to find a way. “This is their responsibility,” he said.
With the probability medical marijuana may be more frequently prescribed for many recognized disabilities, employers may want to dust off their polices around drug use and impairment in the workplace.
Since April 1, Canadians who need medical marijuana to control pain now only require a doctor's prescription instead of a licence from Health Canada to obtain the drug. While individuals still need a licence to possess, they can go to an accredited or approved distributor to obtain their prescription.
“What we think is going to happen is that because doctors have the ability now to write a prescription as they would for any other medication there is going to be an increase in the use of medical marijuana and the frequency we see it in the workplace with individuals affected,” said Patrizia Piccolo of Rubin Thomlinson LLP during a recent seminar the firm held on the subject.
Some of the conditions medical marijuana can aid in include attention deficit disorder, arthritis, back and neck problems, chronic pain, colitis, Crohn's disease, eating disorders, head injuries, HIV, fibromyalgia, migraines, and sleep disorders.
But whether it's a painkiller like Percocet or medical marijuana, it's the same issue, says occupational health and safety lawyer Jason Beeho of Rubin Thomlinson, who says employers should review policies they have in place regarding general impairment by prescription drugs.
“If you have just a generic illicit drug and alcohol policy, it probably needs some renovation,” he says. “I think the approach has to dovetail with the same approach you would take if someone said they are on powerful painkillers for a chronic back problem.”
As well, offer letters for jobs dealing with heavy equipment or machinery must be clear the role is a safety sensitive position and for that reason they should notify their employer if using medical marijuana.
“It behooves the employer to make the point about safety sensitive positions and that may include an obligation to disclose any impairment employees may be in,” he says.
Individuals may come forward and indicate they require a change in their work environment to allow them to ingest marijuana, which may include smoking it during their work shift. In such a situation, employers can't say no, even though the legislation may be clear on the prohibition on smoking in the workplace.
“Your immediate response can't be ‘no' because the list of medical conditions that might require medical marijuana would be linked into human rights protected disabilities,” says Piccolo. “So under the Human Rights Code we have an obligation to accommodate individuals who have disability-related needs.”
But what if an employee doesn't disclose they are using medical marijuana or doesn't request accommodation?
Authorized users don't have to tell their employers they are taking the drug. In those circumstances it may come to an employer's attention indirectly.
In Wilson v. Transparent Glazing Systems Ltd. there were performance related issues with the employee, Gregory Wilson, when he became aggressive and it came to the employer's attention he was taking medical marijuana.
Transparent Glazing fired Wilson for performance-related issues, however the termination was found to be inappropriate by the British Columbia Human Rights Tribunal. The tribunal said the employer had an obligation to ask the individual whether the medication he was taking was affecting his ability to perform his job.
Piccolo encourages employers to have a conversation about whether the individual has to smoke the marijuana or if there is another form they can use to ingest the drug.
“If the alternative is to eat it or vaporize it then we don't have to grant the right to smoke it in the environment,” she says.
University of Windsor law professor William Bogart says in most cases employers and employees can agree on what accommodation is required.
“Accommodation has to be to the point of undue burden. If someone can legitimately show they are using it for medicinal purposes and if the doctor is prescribing it says it has to be taken on a regular basis and during working hours then it should be treated like any other prescribed drug,” says Bogart.
“There would be other drugs beside medical marijuana that could cause drowsiness and I would say employers would require employees to disclose that in the same way. We're worried about marijuana being an illegal drug but it's not illegal if done for medical purposes,” he says.
Lynn Korbak, general counsel and corporate secretary with Morneau Shepell agrees.
“As with any accommodation, the most success can be had when the employer and employee are able to have an open dialogue together, as well as with medical advisers, to understand the employee's particular situation and needs,” she says. “For example, if an employer is concerned about a potential impairment effect of marijuana, they should be encouraged to ask the questions to the employee and medical advisers to better understand the impact to the particular individual as it applies to her job duties.”
Accommodation also doesn't have to be as the employee requests. A case with the RCMP in New Brunswick involved an officer who held a licence to consume medical marijuana for post-traumatic stress disorder. The RCMP took the position it would allow Cpl. Ronald Francis to smoke it, however he felt he had the right to do so in his uniform and in public. The RCMP objected and his uniform was seized and a statement released indicating:
“Any member on a mind-altering drug — such as marijuana, OxyContin, Dilaudid — is not permitted to perform operational duties, including carrying a firearm or operating a police vehicle, as this could pose a risk to themselves, a co-worker or the public.”
Bogart says in Francis' case, the RCMP was willing to accommodate him, recognizing he might have to smoke on the job.
“I'm big on accommodation for disabilities,” he says. “They understood it was for medicinal purposes and needed to be done while on duty but not while in uniform. It would send a completely wrong message for kids and the public.”
If employees are in “safety sensitive” positions they should tell their employers about their use of medical marijuana. If an employee doesn't require any specific accommodation, Piccolo says they don't have an obligation to tell their employer.
“The question is: does the course of treatment put you in a position where you are impaired on the job? You can ask the question and ask for a note from their doctor to confirm they are under a doctor's care and not impaired while on the job,” says Beeho.
And how long does an employer have to accommodate?
“It's a very vexing dilemma for employers,” says Beeho, noting if an employer accommodates an employee for two years but decides it no longer wants to the employee can easily challenge the decision.
A mosaic depicting ancient chariot races was fully revealed by archaeologists for the first time on Tuesday at the Piadhia site in Akaki in the Nicosia district in the presence of Transport Minister Marios Demetriades and antiquities officials.
The minster called the mosaic floor a “truly remarkable finding”. The mosaic is 26 metres long and four metres wide.
Previous excavations at the site, led by Archaeological Officer Dr Fryni Hadjichristophi, had revealed part of the mosaic floor.
The find depicts a chariot race at a hippodrome with one standing charioteer drawn by four horses. In total it shows four chariots in the race.
Each one has inscriptions believed to be the name of the charioteer and the name of one of the horses. At three points along the circular arena three cones are depicted, each topped with an egg-shaped item while three columns are topped with a dolphin figure from which water appears to be flowing.
The mosaic also includes one man on horseback and two standing figures, one holding a whip and the other a vessel with water. The mosaic can be dated to the first half of the 4th century AD and is in an impressive state of preservation, according to the antiquities department. It is also of a high quality manufacture with a rich geometric design.
Speaking to journalists, Director of the Department of Antiquities Marina Ieronymidou said: “It is an extremely important finding, because of the technique and because of the theme. It is unique in Cyprus since the presence of this mosaic floor in a remote inland area provides important new information on that period in Cyprus and adds to our knowledge of the use of mosaic floors on the island.”
She said the excavations at the site would continue as there were already signs that there are other important finds to be revealed there.
“We will continue the excavations in a scientific way and we hope that this area will eventually open to the public,” she said.
Ieronymidou said that in the meantime, the area would be well protected and temporary structures would be erected over the floor.
Demetriades spoke of a “truly remarkable find that highlights the enormous ancient heritage that Cyprus has.”
A Scott Air Force Base commander who was ousted from his job this week is under investigation for sexual misconduct, according to a news release from the base.
Col. John Howard was commander of the 375th Air Mobility Wing until Monday, when Lt. Gen. Giovanni Tuck, commander of the 18th Air Force, replaced him, saying he lost confidence in Howard's ability to lead the wing. The vice commander for the wing, Col. W. Chris Buschur, replaced Howard as commander.
Details about the alleged misconduct will not be released while the investigation continues, according to the news release, “to ensure the integrity of the process.”
The Air Force Office of Special Investigations will lead the investigation, according to 18th Air Force spokesman Capt. Ryan DeCamp.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to Belleville News-Democrat
The investigations unit is a federal law enforcement agency for the Air Force that only investigates potential felony-level crimes, according to unit spokeswoman Linda Card. Once the unit completes its investigation, it provides the information to the appropriate commander, who makes a decision about whether to issue punishment or apply for charges.
Col. John Howard, former commander of the 375th Air Mobility Command at Scott Air Force Base, was replaced after the 18th Air Force commander lost confidence in him. Scott Air Force Base
If the commander finds there is sufficient evidence to suggest a crime was committed and charges are filed, legal representatives decide where the crime will be tried, whether it's in military court or civilian court.
The lieutenant general said in a prepared statement he and other officials continue to “ensure we have a strong support structure around all airmen, to include Col. Howard, who are affected by this case.”
“Our focus continues to be on supporting the men and women of the 375th AMW as they execute the Air Mobility Command mission,” Tuck said.
The length of an investigation depends on its complexity, Card said. A simpler case could take as few as six months, while a complicated case with numerous witnesses can take five to six years.
On Tuesday, Howard was transferred to a position in the United States Transportation Command, according to the 18th Air Force spokesman. On Wednesday, that decision was rescinded and Howard's status at the base was “to be determined,” DeCamp said.
Howard said he was asked not to comment when reached by phone Monday evening.
Howard was named commander of the 375th Air Mobility Wing in July. Col. Laura Lenderman preceded Howard.
The U.S. Transportation Command, commonly referred to as USTRANSCOM, provides transportation to the eight other U.S. combatant commands, among other agencies.
Air Mobility Command is a component of USTRANSCOM. The 375th Air Mobility Wing is part of the 18th Air Force, which is a part of Air Mobility Command.
Buschur, the new commander of the 375th, was not immediately available for comment on his new assignment.
SAN FRANCISCO (KPIX 5) – Maxwell Wallace said he was just trying to bike to work Monday when he ended up face first on the roof of a stranger's Cadillac.
“I was frightened. I was in shock,” Wallace told KPIX 5. “Very scared, I was holding on to the windshield. I was shaking.”
According to the cyclist, he was on a bike path on Fulton heading to downtown San Francisco. When he got to the intersection of Divisadero and Fulton, he came across the driver. It was in the middle of that intersection where the cyclist said he was sideswiped.
“I yell, ‘Stop!' I was pretty shocked that he didn't stop,” Wallace recalled.
Wallace said after the sideswipe, he got in front of the Cadillac and tried to snap a photo of the license plate, but the driver hit the gas.
An eyewitness snapped a picture of the cyclist on the car.
“Didn't imagine that when you go after somebody hits you, to talk to them, get their information that they would try to run you over,” he told KPIX 5.
Wallace said to avoid getting run over, he jumped on the roof and stayed there for about 100 feet, before the driver took off.
“I jumped, and because I jumped quickly, I'm alive. But if I hadn't, don't know where I'd be,” Wallace said.
Maxwell says this is his first ever run-in with a vehicle, but tensions have been growing between motorists and bicyclists in San Francisco for several months now.
The witness who took the photo gave Maxwell a copy. He hopes police will use it to track down the driver.
Charles Krauthammer reacted on "Special Report" tonight to an on-the-record, off-camera press gaggle that White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer held in lieu of a briefing on Friday.
Krauthammer: Spicer's 'Weird' Press Conference 'Basically Over Ratings'
Krauthammer Blasts U.N.: Trump Should Turn Manhattan HQ 'Into Condos'
Krauthammer: Trump's Address Will Be Remembered as 'Forgotten Man Speech'
Several outlets, including CNN and The New York Times were reportedly excluded from the session, but later received notes and recordings.
Krauthammer said people are "rightly concerned" about the apparent blockage of unfriendly press outlets.
"The symbolism is alarming," he said, adding that Trump's statement earlier this week that the mainstream press is the "enemy of the people" is also concerning.
"He uses a phrase from [Vladimir] Lenin: enemies of the people. If you were an enemy-of-the-people in Lenin's day, you were dead," Krauthammer said, calling the phrase a "historical term that should never be used."
Krauthammer said Trump's rhetoric on the subject "works on the base," but not as much with mainstream Republican voters.
Krauthammer: Trump-Union Leaders Meeting Was 'Great Act of Political Larceny'
Krauthammer: Bannon 'Gives Intellectual Heft to Trumpism'
Krauthammer to Trump: 'Fix the Vetting' & Forget About Banning Immigration
Market contagion and rating downgrades, starting when the magnitude of Greece's difficulties surfaced in early 2010, have become a self-fulfilling prophecy: by raising Portugal's borrowing costs to unsustainable levels, the rating agencies forced it to seek a bailout. The bailout has empowered those “rescuing” Portugal to push for unpopular austerity policies affecting recipients of student loans, retirement pensions, poverty relief and public salaries of all kinds.
The crisis is not of Portugal's doing. Its accumulated debt is well below the level of nations like Italy that have not been subject to such devastating assessments. Its budget deficit is lower than that of several other European countries and has been falling quickly as a result of government efforts.
And what of the country's growth prospects, which analysts conventionally assume to be dismal? In the first quarter of 2010, before markets pushed the interest rates on Portuguese bonds upward, the country had one of the best rates of economic recovery in the European Union. On a number of measures — industrial orders, entrepreneurial innovation, high-school achievement and export growth — Portugal has matched or even outpaced its neighbors in Southern and even Western Europe.
Why, then, has Portugal's debt been downgraded and its economy pushed to the brink? There are two possible explanations. One is ideological skepticism of Portugal's mixed-economy model, with its publicly supported loans to small businesses, alongside a few big state-owned companies and a robust welfare state. Market fundamentalists detest the Keynesian-style interventions in areas from Portugal's housing policy — which averted a bubble and preserved the availability of low-cost urban rentals — to its income assistance for the poor.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
A lack of historical perspective is another explanation. Portuguese living standards increased greatly in the 25 years after the democratic revolution of April 1974. In the 1990s labor productivity increased rapidly, private enterprises deepened capital investment with help from the government, and parties from both the center-right and center-left supported increases in social spending. By the century's end the country had one of Europe's lowest unemployment rates.
In fairness, the optimism of the 1990s gave rise to economic imbalances and excessive spending; skeptics of Portugal's economic health point to its relative stagnation from 2000 to 2006. Even so, by the onset of the global financial crisis in 2007, the economy was again growing and joblessness was falling. The recession ended that recovery, but growth resumed in the second quarter of 2009, earlier than in other countries.
Domestic politics are not to blame. Prime Minister José Sócrates and the governing Socialists moved to cut the deficit while promoting competitiveness and maintaining social spending; the opposition insisted it could do better and forced out Mr. Sócrates this month, setting the stage for new elections in June. This is the stuff of normal politics, not a sign of disarray or incompetence as some critics of Portugal have portrayed it.
Could Europe have averted this bailout? The European Central Bank could have bought Portuguese bonds aggressively and headed off the latest panic. Regulation by the European Union and the United States of the process used by credit rating agencies to assess the creditworthiness of a country's debt is also essential. By distorting market perceptions of Portugal's stability, the rating agencies — whose role in fostering the subprime mortgage crisis in the United States has been amply documented — have undermined both its economic recovery and its political freedom.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In Portugal's fate there lies a clear warning for other countries, the United States included. Portugal's 1974 revolution inaugurated a wave of democratization that swept the globe. It is quite possible that 2011 will mark the start of a wave of encroachment on democracy by unregulated markets, with Spain, Italy or Belgium as the next potential victims.
Americans wouldn't much like it if international institutions tried to tell New York City, or any other American municipality, to jettison rent-control laws. But that is precisely the sort of interference now befalling Portugal — just as it has Ireland and Greece, though they bore more responsibility for their fate.
Only elected governments and their leaders can ensure that this crisis does not end up undermining democratic processes. So far they seem to have left everything up to the vagaries of bond markets and rating agencies.
Replicating nature's various noses is an impressively difficult task. If sniffing bots are to replace environmental monitors and drug dogs in the future, they'll have to clear a pair of major hurdles. First is developing sensors that can even measure trace scents, and second is developing the systems to guide a nose-bot to a smell's source. That brings us to the curious contraption you see above. To see if an animal can work with a synthetic system to track scents, a team from the University of Tokyo developed a small robot and gave it to a silkmoth to drive.
"The most difficult subject in odor tracking is that the odorants are distributed intermittently in the atmosphere, not distributed continuously. Therefore it is difficult to find out its source by simple chemotaxis, tracking the concentration gradient of an odor," said lead author Dr. Noriyasu Ando in an email. "Olfaction is essential for organisms to survive because they use it for finding foods, nests and mating partners for example and they evolved fine strategies for tracking odour and localize it source. From a biomimetic perspective, this is the reason why the animal odor tracking is attractive for developing the artificial [version] useful for finding chemical spills or hazardous materials."
The experiment was fairly straightforward: The pheromones from a female silk moth were placed at one end of a wind tunnel, and wafted at about the speed a female would beat her wings towards where a male was set inside his robo-car. As the male walks towards the scent–because "Hey ladies!"–the plastic ball the moth stood on rolled and acted as a controller for the entire apparatus. Boom, you've got a moth-driven robot.
A moth in its robo-car. Click to enlarge and see how it's held in place.
The exercise was aimed at developing a biomimetic model for autonomous sensory robots by seeing if a silkmoth's processing abilities can work well enough with a robotic system that they might be replicated artificially. Silkmoths were chosen by the Japanese team, whose results are published in Bionspiration and Biomimetics, because their behavior for pheromone detection is well studied. On their own, the moths will amble towards the scent source with high accuracy, which, considering scents are diffused through the air, isn't as easy as you think.
"The simple and robust odor tracking behaviour of the silkmoth allows us to analyse its neural mechanisms from the level of a single neuron to the moth's overall behaviour," said Ando in a release. "By creating an 'artificial brain' based on the knowledge of the silkmoth's individual neurons and tracking behaviour, we hope to implement it into a mobile robot that will be equal to the insect-controlled robot developed in this study."
Team found that the silkmoth was still able to triangulate the source of a pheromone in its rig. In fact, because the rig is designed with fans on its sides that catch pheromone-laden air and direct it towards the silkmoth, its receptive zone was wider than when it was traveling on its own, as shown in the figure below.
Essentially, the team was able to develop a scent-detecting robot that is directed by a silkmoth, and which actually was able to tracks scents even better than the silkmoth could on its own. All 14 silkmoths tested in the rig were successful in driving it towards the goal.
Now, if you've watched the above video (if you haven't, you're missing out), you're probably wondering what the bit about a turning bias is. The research team, to test how well a moth could adapt to dynamic conditions, also tested moths driving bots that were programmed to turn slightly clockwise (pull to the right), like a shopping cart with a bad wheel. In a separate test, the researchers covered the front of the car so that the moths couldn't see where they were going.
Impressively, the moths were able to find drive their cars to the pheromone source despite the turning bias, screen, and a combination of the two. Success rates did drop, from 100 percent from the unhindered car, to 84.2 percent and 80.8 percent for the covered and turn-biased tests, respectively. With both hindrances, the success rate dropped all the way to 53.8 percent.
Additionally, as the moth's behavior was being tested to see if it could be used to create an artificial tracking model for a sniff-bot, the team tested the moths' ability to track the scent plume with a delay between the moth's movement on the tracking ball and the car actually moving forward. Under normal conditions, the moths were 100 percent successful with a delay of 200ms, and were still 90 percent successful at 600ms, which is the enough time to simulate a processing lag between a high-tech sensor and motor functions. The rates dropped when a turn bias was added, which makes sense, as the robot would be veering off in the wrong direction during those lag periods.
"Most chemical sensors, such as semiconductor sensors, have a slow recovery time and are not able to detect the temporal dynamics of odours as insects do," Ando said. "Our results will be an important indication for the selection of sensors and models when we apply the insect sensory-motor system to artificial systems."
"Now, I have become Death, the destroyer of worlds."
Still, that a blind moth can still drive a wonky car suggests the moths are more flexible trackers than one might think. In other words, that the moths were able to control a robot that didn't move in direct relation to its own movements is a cool result, and suggests that animal-powered bots could work outside of very strict lab conditions. it also suggests that animal-powered bots–or even bots using a processor modeled after animal behavior–aren't outside the realm of possiblity.
"Animal behaviours are attractive for engineers in terms of behaving adaptively in ceaselessly changing environments," Ando wrote. "We think that exploring the mechanisms behind the adaptability will give us valuable knowledge fordeveloping autonomous robots which can behave and complete tasks even inuncertain environments."
As Motherboard's Austin Considine explained in a recent feature, utilizing animals as drones is becoming an increasing trend. For one, we can't yet create machine analogs of living brains, and we're also finding that animal-machine interfacing can actually work. It doesn't have to mean wiring machine guns into an eagle's brain; in this case, it's as simple as designing a mobile exoskeleton that even a moth can drive.
Sure, it seems totally wacky and futuristic, but the holy grail of this realm of biomimetics is to be able to replicate the analytical prowess and flexibility of organic brains on silicon. It appears that the best way to get there is to first figure out how brains best work with machines, and then try to copy from there. It may end up that creating a gas-leak sniffing drone powered by insects isn't feasible in the long term. But for the moment, moth cars and whatever they lead to next do appear to be a promising avenue of research towards the life-mimicking automatons of the future.
@derektmead
Shocking New Study Finds That Job Applicants Who Have on Their Resumes Hints of Being LGBT Are 23 Percent Less-Likely to Be Contacted for an Interview
"Jennifer" and "Michelle" filled out applications for a job as an administrative assistant at ExxonMobil. The applications show they attended the same high school and college but "Jennifer" had better grades in both schools and a stronger work history. ExxonMobil calls "Michelle" for an interview -- twice. She does not respond. They follow up with an email, stating they'll hold the position for her. She does not respond. They never call "Jennifer" and they hired someone else.
The Equal Rights Center and Freedom to Work, which together conducted the study of 100 pairs of fictional job applicants, like "Michelle" and "Jennifer," add that "Jennifer" indicated she had done LGBT activism volunteer work and they believe that's why she never even got an interview -- despite being clearly more qualified.
"Despite significant progress in advancing civil rights and equality, employment discrimination remains a persistent barrier for the LGBT community," said ERC Executive Director Melvina Ford says, according to the Huffington Post. "The results of this investigation show that LGBT applicants face discrimination when seeking employment with federal contractors, even when compared with less-qualified candidates."
In 2013, Freedom to Work filed a complaint with the Illinois Human Rights Commission arguing that ExxonMobil violated a state law prohibiting LGBT discrimination.
"Taxpayers should never have to subsidize the kind of anti-LGBT discrimination that was uncovered during this year-long study of contractors with inadequate LGBT workplace protections," said Tico Almeida, founder and president of Freedom to Work. "President Obama's upcoming executive order will send a strong message that government contracts should be staffed with the highest qualified job candidates, and nobody should ever lose out on a career opportunity just because of who they are or whom they love."
In addition to ExxonMobil, whose shareholders voted 17 times in a row to deny LGBT employees workplace protections that are almost standard in similar top corporations across the nation, the seven other corporations studies are AmerisourceBergen Corp., the Babcock & Wilcox Co., Fluor Corp., General Electric Co., L-3 Communications Holdings Inc., Supreme Group Holding SARL, and URS Corp.
The U.S. Senate passed ENDA last year, but Speaker John Boehner has said he doesn't believe anti-LGBT discrimination even exists, he believes -- wrongly, like the majority of Americans -- that LGBT people already are protected against anti-LGBT discrimination, and refuses to bring ENDA to the floor for a vote.
President Barack Obama as recently as yesterday has stated he will sign an executive order banning anti-LGBT discrimination by federal contractors and their employees. Yesterday, in a surprise move, the President added he will sign a separate executive order prohibiting gender identity discrimination by federal contractors.
Those are significant advances and he rightly received applause yesterday when he made the announcement.
But if you aren't even called in for a job interview, what are the chances you're going to think it's discrimination?
Image via Flickr
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
Robert Emerson Landsburg (November 13, 1931 – May 18, 1980) was an American photographer who was killed while photographing the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens.[1][2][3]
Landsburg was born in Seattle, Washington, and lived in Portland, Oregon, at the time of the eruption. In the weeks leading up to the eruption, Landsburg visited the area many times in order to photographically document the changing volcano.[4] On the morning of May 18, he was within a few miles of the summit. When the mountain erupted, Landsburg took photos of the rapidly approaching ash cloud. Knowing he was going to die from the nearly supersonic pyroclastic flow about to overtake him, he rewound the film back into its case, put his camera in his backpack, and then laid himself on top of the backpack in an attempt to protect its contents.[5] Seventeen days later, Landsburg's body was found buried in the ash with his backpack underneath. The film was developed and has provided geologists with valuable documentation of the historic eruption.[5]
See also [ edit ]
Researchers that have been funded by the National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering (or NIBIB) have built a new type of tissue chip that works as a much better representation of natural human tissue. By engineering the chips as a silk gel, the researchers were able to fix many problems with current devices used today. The new chips can be more widely used for drug testing and have the potential to someday become an implantable form of treatment.
Tissue chips work by mimicking both the anatomy and the physiology of a tissue or organ, making it possible to test treatments in a lab far more accurately than using cells growing in a single layer inside a dish. In order for tissue to be engineered outside the body, the cells need a three dimensional structure which they can grow within. These scaffolds are most often made out of polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS), which is a silicon-based polymer and is made up of microfluidic chambers running through them.
These systems have many advantages. Some are wonderful for developing and testing treatments, others are great for letting living cells embed within them and others are perfect for replicating a variety of tissue types. Other systems can be implanted within the body as a part of a treatment program; these devices will then decompose when they are no longer needed.
Unfortunately there is not a biomaterial that can do all of the above. In order to create a system that addressed all of these needs, researchers started using silk which is a naturally derived protein with unique properties that have a handful of benefits: they offer different levels of stiffness to match the tissue being targeted, offer long-term stability in a wide range of conditions but can fully degrade over a specific period of time and provide a transparency that allows researchers to observe biological processes.
Rosemarie Hunziker, program director for Tissue Engineering in NIBIB say silk is biocompatible so you can use it even inside the body, and it can be programmed to dissolve safely over time. This may even be an improved design that enables researchers to built little micro-tissues and make them implantable.
Department of Biomedical Engineering at Tufts University in Medford, Massachusetts researchers have developed a microfluidic device by mixing silk with a gel solution and casting it into a mold. This built a rectangular block of silk hydrogel with a three dimensional network of channels running through it. Mechanical valves were added in order to help control the flow through the channels, which could be switched on and off based on the air pressure within the chambers.
In living organs and tissues, interactions among other proteins, cells and enzymes happens inside the tissue as well as on the surface of the channels. Modeling this involved embedding living cells and active enzymes within the gel while it's made. The difficult conditions call for the creation of PDMS kill and deactivate cells and enzymes. Since silk hydrogel can be made at ambient temperatures and under relatively gentle controls, it can include cells and enzymes within the gel, which means better replicate living tissue.
The silk gels were able to withstand a wide range of environments which included dramatic changes to fluid pH or salinity without altering their size or shape. The stiffness of the gel could also be manipulated to match the properties of the target tissues. The gels were also clear, making analysis very easy.
Testing potential drugs is most likely going to be the primary application of the new silk system, but researchers are also excited about the possibility of someday being able to grow tissues on chips that can be put directly into the body. Senior author of the paper, David Kaplan explains that silk takes you to the next level because it can be implanted and fully reabsorbed in vivo.
Kaplan says silk is pretty unique in the ability to integrate everything into one material system. Now we can optimize systems in vitro and directly translate that in vivo to look at tissue regeneration. He says he does not know of any other system with the versatility that can do all of that. In the past, Kaplan has used silk to solve other biomedical engineering problems. He has used it to make models of brain tissue and bone marrow as part of surgical implants to heal broken bones, and as a method for keeping antibodies and vaccines stable at room temperatures. He calls it pretty rare when you hit a roadblock that cannot be overcome with silk as the base material.
Silk is a fairly universal material and the team is hopeful that it has now officially been moved out of the textile world and into the biomaterials and medical worlds. When compared to other polymers that have been tested, silk is very well studied. A lot is already known about how it reacts inside the body. Hunziker says that in terms of developing silk-based tissue implants it is a lot like starting a relay race on the last lap instead of from the beginning.
The full study was published in Biomaterials journal.
Save
Mr Bridgewater, a sales manager, said he was working from home when Chloe asked him where he would really like to work.
"I said Google would be a nice place to work, then I told her about the bean bags and the driverless cars. She responded by saying she would like to work there."
He told Chloe she should "get the ball rolling" and send Google an application.
"I had to explain to her what an application was," he said.
In the letter, Chloe wrote about her skills and interest in working for the company one day, and highlighted her experience in tablet usage and robot games.
And she wrote: "My dad told me to give you (an) application to get a job in Google. I don't really know what one of them is but he said a letter would do for now.
"Thank you for reading my letter, I have only ever sent one other and that was to Father Christmas. Good bye," she concluded.
Ian Clark, who in his stint with the Golden State Warriors became one of the most electrifying players off the bench and a true fan favorite, has reportedly agreed to terms to sign with the New Orleans Pelicans, according to The Vertical's Shams Charania.
Free agent Ian Clark has agreed to a one-year deal with the New Orleans Pelicans, league sources tell The Vertical. — Shams Charania (@ShamsCharania) August 1, 2017
Clark, who played for the Warriors' Summer League squad in 2013 and then signed with the team in September of 2015, had set himself apart as a spark plug off the bench, earning the trust of his teammates and coaches.
As Dean Campbell said in his season review of Clark's 2016-17 campaign:
Whatever Clark did to train over the summer of 2016, it sure worked. Clark enjoyed career highs this season in minutes (14.8), points (6.8), shooting percentage (49%), rebounds (1.6), assists (1.2), and steals (0.5). He showed remarkable growth as he accepted a larger role after Leandro Barbosa's departure last summer.
I mean, who could forget nights like this?!
The news comes as no great surprise, though, as it was widely expected that Clark — still only 26 years old — would receive some serious offers that would drive his salary above anything the Warriors could match.
Again, from our own Dean Campbell:
Clark's contract, like many Warriors last season, was for about as little money as was allowed under the collective bargaining agreement. Word on the street is that other teams are hoping to sign Clark for much more than the league minimum and the Warriors will not be in a position to match those offers. The “experts” expect that Clark will be offered something like $6-8 million per season by other teams. With the limited amount of cap space available to Golden State, the Warriors will place a higher priority on saving enough money to re-sign Andre Iguodala and Shaun Livingston. Unless Clark is willing to settle for substantially less to stay with the Warriors, it's likely that he's leaving with a larger wallet.
Either way, we'll always have this timeless gif.
Bless you Ian. Safe travels and thank you for your help in the most recent championship run!
Around the league, it remains to be seen how this move will impact other potential trades and signings.
Karl Rove-backed Rep. Robert Pittenger (R-NC) told North Carolina high school students that President Donald Trump's promise to build a southern border wall was just a “euphemism” – Trump was just talking about border security.
At the high school, Pittenger said, “The wall clearly expresses the intent, we must secure the southern border. I think he was conveying that to the American people and letting them know in the simplest, clearest terms.”
Rep. Pittenger then explained that Trump's most fundamental campaign promise simply serves as a metaphor to increased border security and that some areas of America's southern border simply cannot have a wall.
“When you get into it, it would be impossible because of the topography,” Pittenger said.
Pittenger also revealed that rather than have a wall, America would be better secured by various technologies such as satellite tracking and drones. Pittenger added that this was always Trump's intent to improve border security rather than build an actual, physical, wall.
Karl Rove, who backed Rep. Pittenger, took to The Wall Street Journal to attack former White House chief strategist and Breitbart News executive chairman Steve Bannon and Bannon's war against establishment Republicans.
Karl Rove, who remains out of touch with the conservative and populist base, attacked President Donald Trump's pardon of Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio and backed establishment Republican Luther Strange against conservative icon Roy Moore in the Alabama run-off primary election earlier this year.
In Rove's op-ed, he called Bannon's war against the Republican establishment, a “jihad,” and proceeded to attack conservative candidates such as Kelli Ward, Danny Tarkanian, and Roy Moore. Further, Rove claims through pollster Nate Silver that establishment Republican candidates remain in line with the president's agenda and even voted alongside the president's agenda “90 percent of the time.”
The Senate has yet to pass an Obamacare repeal bill, tax reform, or fund a southern border wall, which calls into question how much these establishment Republicans actually support the president's agenda. The Senate has yet to vote on Trump's nationalist policies such as funding a southern border wall and passing the RAISE act to restrict legal immigration.
Republican insiders said that having Rove back Pittenger serves as a political risk, in an age where many Republicans try to brand themselves as “Trump Republicans.” The GOP insider said, “He makes it hard for Pittenger to say, ‘I'm a Trump Republican' because Rove has been so critical of President Trump.”
Andy Yates, Harris's political consultant, told the Charlotte Business Journal that Pittinger “wants to preserve the status quo of a do-nothing Congress.”
Dr. Mark Harris, a pastor and conservative, will run against Rep. Pittenger in the 2018 mid-term election. Harris only lost to Pittenger in a special election by 134 votes. In an exclusive radio interview, Harris spoke with Breitbart News Saturday on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 with Matthew Boyle, Washington political editor for Breitbart News, about standing up against the Republican establishment, including Karl Rove-backed members.
Boyle asked, “Why would Pittenger want to associate himself with Rove,” as Trump told Breitbart News before he was elected that Rove was a “dishonorable guy.”
“I think it probably, as much as anything, demonstrates what we have really been trying to proclaim across this district and that is that they have just lost touch,” Harris said. “Robert Pittenger lost touch.”
“He sold out his district,” Harris told Breitbart News Daily Saturday. “He's joined the club. He's not standing on the truest conservative principles. He's not been effective, and he's not a leader in the U.S. House.” Harris said there are lines being drawn in Washington between true conservatives and the establishment wing of the GOP.
“It just really demonstrates, if you will, where the lines are being drawn,” Harris explained. “It clearly shows where everyone stands and Robert's aligning himself with the Karl Roves and the Mitch McConnells and the other Washington elites who have created a swamp and who are all about doing whatever it takes to preserve the status quo.”
Harris described himself as a “firm supporter” of building a wall to secure the border.
“I think that we've got to give up the Washington speak that we've been hearing over and over again and, again, I'm going to be that leader that has a life record, who won't back down, who won't give in, who's more concerned about doing what's right for our nation than just getting reelected, and I have a track record of being that kind of leader right here in North Carolina,” Harris said–“standing for conservative Christian values, and I haven't backed down yet, and I'm not going to back down in Washington, DC.”
The Canadian government has mapped out the specific process for creating a so-called “bail-in” regime for the country's biggest banks aimed at keeping taxpayers off the hook in the unlikely event of a bank failure.
The bail-in structure, framed by the Department of Finance and complemented by new loss-absorbency guidelines from Canada's main bank regulator, is part of a global response to the financial crisis of 2008. The banks will have to begin making changes next year but they will have until November of 2021 to reorganize their balance sheets to accommodate the new rules.
Analysts expect the impact on bank earnings and the cost of capital to be minor.
Converting debt
As opposed to a bailout, in which an outside agency such as the government provides financial assistance to a bank that is deemed non-viable, a bail-in involves automatically converting certain debt securities into regulatory capital to stabilize the financial institution.
Beginning in 2018, all unsecured long-term senior debt issued by Canada's largest banks — those that are deemed systemically important domestically — will be convertible into equity should a bank need to be “resolved” or unwound, according to David Beattie, a senior vice-president in the financial institutions group at Moody's Investors Service.
“There is no requirement for incremental capital,” he said. “There may be a slight spread premium for the new bail-in debt when issued.”
On Friday, about a year after the government passed bail-in legislation, the proposed bail-in regulations were released for a 30-day comment period. At the same time, and open to the same comment period, Canada's main banking regulator, the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (OSFI), proposed a total loss absorbing capacity (TLAC) guideline for the banks.
The latter is intended to ensure banks are prepared — through a combination of regulatory capital and the new convertible debt — to absorb losses and minimize any spread to the rest of the financial sector if they need to be recapitalized.
Guidelines in place
According to Beattie, the big banks should be able to meet OSFI's new loss absorbency guidelines by 2021 “through an orderly rolling over of existing senior debt as it matures.”
Brian Klock, an analyst at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, said he believes Canada's banks will go beyond the regulatory requirements and maintain buffers of 100 basis points above the minimum total loss absorbency ratio of 21.5 per cent, and 50 basis points above the minimum leverage ratio of 6.75 per cent.
According to his analysis, the banks will have to increase their total loss absorbency capacity by $138.8 billion, and will do the bulk of that through refinancing current senior debt with what is known as non-viable contingent capital — another form of convertible securities. The balance would be done through issuing new senior debt that qualifies under the bail-in regime.
“We assume the newly refinanced and newly issued qualifying debt could carry a rate 50 bps (basis points) above current rates for similar debt,” Klock wrote in a note to clients, adding that this could dilute the banks' estimated earnings per share in fiscal 2018 by 1.3 per cent to 1.5 per cent.
The federal government previously stated that bank deposits would be protected from any bank recapitalization and would not be subject to the bail-in regime.
In a note to clients, lawyers at Torys LLP said holders of bail-in debt would receive more common shares per dollar of claim than holders of subordinated debt and preferred shares in the unlikely event of an actual bail-in. This would be consistent with prior claims in the hierarchy of claims, according to the note.
Meanwhile, any shareholder or creditor who wound up in a worse financial position as a result of a bail-in than they would have been in if the major bank had instead been subject to a “resolution power” of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC) would be entitled to compensation from the CDIC, the lawyers wrote.
News
Russian pranksters fool Nikki Haley in call about fake country
A couple of Russian funnymen prank-called US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley by posing as a Polish government official.
Vladimir Kuznetsov and Alexei Stolyarov posted a video in which a woman who the cutups said was Haley thought she was speaking with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki, the [Charleston] Post and Courier reported.
“Let me start with very much thanking you for the support we received on the vote today. We will never forget it,” the gullible Haley told the phony PM.
Poland was one of 35 countries who abstained from voting on a UN resolution condemning President Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
The phony Morawiecki also asked Haley about the fictional island of Binomo in the South China Sea.
“You know Binomo?” he asked.
“Yes, yes,” Haley replied.
“They had elections and we suppose Russians had its intervention,” the comic said.
“Yes, of course they did, absolutely. We've been watching that very closely, and I think we will continue to watch that as we deal with the issues that keep coming up about the South China Sea,” she answered.
He then asked Haley what the US was going to do about it.
“Let me find out exactly what our stance is on that, and what if anything the US is doing or thinks should be done, and I will report back to you on that as well,” she said.
Haley's spokesman John Degory told the paper, “We have nothing to share on that at this time.”
by Nicolás Medina Mora Pérez | Feb 18, 2013 2:02 pm
(3) Comments | Commenting has been closed | E-mail the Author
Posted to: Arts & Culture, Music, Dwight
Q: What happens when you throw a bunch of kids from the Hill and the Tre in a basement with some Yalies?
A: An exchange of music. Dancing. Conversations. And a really fun party.
The not-so-usual gathering took place Friday night in the basement of 216 Dwight St., a dilapidated building that houses students involved with WYBC, the university's radio station. Its purpose was to celebrate the release of a new rap EP by Yale's Jacob Sandry, also known as Yaakov.
The evening featured performances by Sandry, another Yale rapper called Jake Backer, and Rosette City Musiq, a rap collective whose members hail from neighborhoods as far-flung as the Hill and Dwight-Kensington (aka The Tre).
In a city scarred by neighborhood rivalries and an historic town-gown divide, the demographics of the party were striking. Some 75 people attended the event, about half of them New Haveners unaffiliated with Yale. Many of them came from parts of the city that traditionally have not gotten along.
The atmosphere of the party was something like a citywide college mixer. The guests were treated to great music and a chance to interact with people from outside their usual circles. Kids from once-beefing neighborhoods shared lukewarm beer. Ivy Leaguers danced with Gateway students. Everybody was surprised by how easy it was to get along.
The party was a rare glimpse of what a united New Haven might look like.
Mostly, though, it was just really fun.
Equal Footing
Friday night's party was inspired by a concert that RCM played at 216 Dwight late last year. Alan Sage, a Yale blogger who has dedicated himself to bridging the town-gown divide through hip-hop, contacted WYBC to propose that the rap collective play a show at the radio house.
Given that concerts at 216 Dwight usually feature Yale indie rock bands, Sage's suggestion of bringing a New Haven rap collective to the basement of the radio house was anything but orthodox. The students who run WYBC decided to go with it anyway. It worked.
Among those present at that first concert was Sandry (pictured above), who was so impressed by RCM that he decided to invite them to play at his own release party. Interviewed before the concert, Sandry explained that he liked the idea of letting Yale students and New Haven residents interact on equal footing.
“When Yalies interact with New Haven people, it's usually Yale kids coming down to them to help,” Sandy said. “But that's kind of paternalistic. What I like is having Yale kids and New Haven kids just hanging out.”
Members of RCM echoed Sandry's thoughts. Duce Green (pictured above with opener Jake Backer), a 24-year-old resident of Dwight-Kensington, said that he felt welcome at 216 Dwight.
“We're black, and like 90 percent of Yale kids is white,” he said. “But if y'all think about us, and if you invite us to show you a little of what we got, that's cool. We like seeing the reaction of the Yale kids to our music.”
T-Fleez (pictured above), another 24-year-old member of RCM, agreed with Green.
“I love performing here,” he said. “We get a lot of respect from people. Everyone's on their best behavior tonight—no drama, just fun.”
RCM's success at 216 Dwight might have something to do with the collective's history. RoBoy Beanz (pictured), a 22-year-old member of RCM from the Hill, explained that the group was already bridging divides before playing at Yale. He said that the collective was founded several years ago on Rosette Street with members coming together from different parts of the city.
That may not seem remarkable—except that New Haven has a long and bloody history of inter-neighborhood violence. For instance, the drive-by shooting last fall of a 16-month-old boy on Kensington Street, the heart of Tre territory, grew out of a feud between gangs from the Tre and the Hill.
By coming together to make music, the members of RCM were already exercising the kind of tolerant openness that would serve them well at 216 Dwight.
“We're just a bunch of ‘hoods getting together to collaborate,” Beanz said of the collective. “Now we're looking forward to a collab with the Yale kids.”
“Shout-Out To The Yalies!”
The night began with Yale's Jake Backer performing some of his signature freestyle rap. (Click on the play arrow to watch clips from all of the night's performers).
“Do any of you know what freestyling means?” Backer asked of the audience. “It means that I make up every word as I go!”
New Haveners could be seen looking at each other with skepticism. The crowd had spontaneously formed into two distinct groups—New Haveners and Yale students—each occupying one side of the grungy basement.
Slowly, as Backer rapped in between technical failures and difficulties, the atmosphere became more relaxed. People started dancing. Someone opened a 30-rack of light beer.
Backer finished his set with an improvised rap about his profound dislike for tofu, then left the stage to RCM. The lights went down, the volume went up, and the party exploded.
The members of the collective formed a tightly packed group on one side of the room, with their fans joining in to dance with them, occasionally even taking microphones to rap along with the lyrics. As more and more people joined the collective, the divide between the stage and the party gradually disappeared. The air was full of energy.
By the time Sandry took the stage to present his new album, the speakers were so damaged that it was hard to hear what he was saying. But the two groups had become one.
Mutual Respect
People interviewed after the concert agreed that the party had been a positive experience.
Raquel Austin (pictured above), a 23-year old from Newhallville, said she had a great time at 216 Dwight.
“This is my second Yale party,” she said. “It's so much fun, ‘cause it's a mixed crowd. People are always saying they only want to hang out with black people, or white people, but I don't like that.”
She said that Yale students had impressed her by being so down to earth.
“They're so polite!” she said, laughing.
Devin Butler (pictured with Austin), also 23 and from Newhallville, said that he enjoyed spending time with Yale students.
“It's different,” he said with a smile. “Let's just say that it broadens my horizons.”
Hannah Sassoon, a Yale student, said that she had been impressed by how much the party changed throughout the night. She said that she had been dancing with New Haven people.
“When we first walked down there, there was a very clear racial divide,” she said. “There was black people in the front and white people in the back. But then things started to change. This lady came up to us and started a conversation. She seemed really interested in knowing about my life, and I was very interested in learning about hers. It was very open and friendly.”
Photo: Wikimedia Commons / Author: Cory Barnes[/caption]
In a new ad released Wednesday by the Libertarian Action Super PAC, former Minnesota Governor Jesse Ventura urged voters to call the Commission on Presidential Debates to say that they want to see Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson in the presidential debates:
“Gary Johnson, the former governor of New Mexico, is running for president with the Libertarian Party, and he will be on the ballot in almost all fifty states. Isn't it time that we allowed a credible third party candidate into our presidential debates to tell Obama and Romney when they're wrong? Call the Commission on Presidential Debates today, and tell them you want to see Gary Johnson in the presidential debates, because if this is still a country based on freedom, we shouldn't limit our freedom of choice.”
View the full video of the Jesse Ventura Gary Johnson ad below:
Ventura, who has had a colorful career as a Navy SEAL veteran serving in the Philippines during the Vietnam conflict, Hollywood actor, and professional wrestler in the WWF, also served as governor of Minnesota from 1999 to 2003. He won his third party bid for governor– as the Reform Party candidate– through a combination of aggressive grassroots activism and television ads using the slogan, “Don't vote for politics as usual.”
Story continues below Go Beyond the Two-Sided Narrative! Get IVN's weekly round-up of news and information for independent-minded voters in your inbox. Thanks for signing up! An unknown error occured :( Please try again later First Name* Last Name* Email Address* I accept IVN's terms and conditions? Sign Up
The former governor credits his access to the televised gubernatorial debates, however, as the decisive factor in his win. In an audience panel interview hosted by CNN's Piers Morgan earlier this month, when an audience member asked Ventura about his thoughts on running for president, Ventura answered:
“I need to have ballot access in all fifty states, and I need some type of guarantee that I will be allowed in the debates, because you cannot win if they won't let you debate, but if you can debate, you can win, because in Minnesota at the primary, I was only polling between eight to ten percent, and I was allowed in the debates. Seven weeks later, I was the governor of Minnesota. You know they always say, Piers, in the private sector, competition's good, right? Isn't that what we always hear? Well how come competition isn't good for president? Why has it been twenty years since we've seen any third voice in a presidential debate? Because these two parties– they make the rules, and they will not let anyone else win. So I would require huge help from you, the people, because if I do run and I run to win, I would be the first president elected in this country that would belong to no political party since George Washington.”
In the LASPAC ad Wednesday, Ventura said:
“When I first started running for governor of Minnesota in 1998, I was polling at only eight percent, however, after I appeared in televised debates, that percentage skyrocketed, because voters saw that I was able to challenge Republicans and Democrats when they were both wrong.”
In a June CNN interview promoting his new book, Jesse Ventura endorsed Gary Johnson for president in a segment that was edited out of the interview before CNN published it online:
“If people truly want to rebel this year, then vote for Gary Johnson, the former governor of New Mexico who's running with the Libertarians, who won't get any press coverage because mainstream media is also owned by the corporations.”
Ventura is certainly an independent voice in public policy, who levels criticism at both parties and identifies uncritical partisanship as one of the primary causes of public policy dysfunction, but in contrast to the more positive, policy-focused, solutions-oriented tone Gary Johnson strikes, the former Minnesota governor has a reputation for advancing his ideas with a heated, bruising, polemical style of political rhetoric.
Gary Johnson filed an anti-trust lawsuit last Friday, along with his running mate, Judge Jim Gray, against the Commission on Presidential Debates, the DNC, and the RNC, claiming that they are colluding in violation of the Sherman Anti-Trust Act to exclude the Libertarian Party ticket from the presidential debates, despite the electoral viability of the ticket, which will be on the November ballot in forty-seven states.
Next Day
Ordinary Time: July 24th Optional Memorial of St. Sharbel (Charbel) Makhloof, priest Move to: Previous Day
» Enjoy our Liturgical Seasons series of e-books!
Old Calendar: St. Christina, virgin and martyr
St. Sharbel was a Lebanese monk, born in a small mountain village and ordained in 1858. Devoted to the Blessed Virgin Mary, he spent the last twenty-three years of his life as a hermit. Despite temptations to wealth and comfort, Saint Sharbel taught the value of poverty, self-sacrifice and prayer by the way he lived his life. This optional memorial is new to the USA liturgical calendar and was inscribed on July 24, 2004.
According to the 1962 Missal of St. John XXIII the Extraordinary Form of the Roman Rite, today is the feast of St. Christina who was martyred at Bolsena in Italy, probably under Diocletian (c. 307). She has been greatly venerated since at least the 6th century.
St. Sharbel (Charbel) Makhloof
Joseph Makhlouf was born in 1828 at Beqa-Kafra, Lebanon. His peasant family lived a strong faith, were attentive to the Divine Liturgy, and had a great devotion to the Mother of God.
At the age of 23, Charbel (the name he chose when entering Novitiate) left his closely knit family to enter the Lebanese-Maronite Monastery called Notre-Dame de Mayfouk. Following studies and profession at St. Cyprian de Kfifane Monastery, he was ordained in 1859.
For the next seven years, Charbel lived in the mountainous community of Anaya. After that he spent the next twenty-three years in complete solitude at Sts. Peter and Paul Hermitage near Anaya. He died there on Christmas Eve, 1898.
Charbel had a reputation for his austerity, penances, obedience, and chastity. At times, Charbel was gifted with levitations during prayer, and he had great devotion to the Most Blessed Sacrament.
In all things, Charbel maintained perfect serenity. He was beatified in 1965 by Pope Paul VI and canonized by Pope John Paul II in 1977.
On May 8, 1828 in a mountain village of Beka'kafra, the highest village in the near-east, Charbel was born to a poor Maronite family. From childhood his life revealed a calling to "bear fruit as a noble Cedar of Lebanon". Charbel "grew in age and wisdom before God and men." At 23 years old he entered the monastery of Our Lady of Mayfouk (north of Byblos) where he became a novice. After two years of novitiate, in 1853, he was sent to St. Maron monastery where he pronounced the monastic vows of poverty, chastity and obedience. Charbel was then transferred to the monastery of Kfeifan where he studied philosophy and theology. His ordination to the priesthood took place in 1859, after which he was sent back to St. Maron monastery. His teachers provided him with good education and nurtured within him a deep love for monastic life.
During his 19 years at St. Maron monastery, Charbel performed his priestly ministry and his monastic duties in an edifying way. He totally dedicated himself to Christ with undivided heart to live in silence before Nameless One. In 1875 Charbel was granted permission to live as a hermit nearby the monastery at St. Peter and Paul hermitage. His 23 years of solitary life were lived in a spirit of total abandonment to God.
"Father of Truth, behold Your Son a sacrifice pleasing to You, accept this offering of Him who died for me..."
Charbel's companions in the hermitage were the Sons of God, as encountered in the Scriptures and in the Eucharist, and the Blessed Mother. The Eucharist became the center of his life. He consumed the Bread of his Life and was consumed by it. Though this hermit did not have a place in the world, the world had a great place in his heart. Through prayer and penance he offered himself as a sacrifice so that the world would return to God. It is in this light that one sees the importance of the following Eucharistic prayer in his life:
On December 16, 1898 while reciting the "Father of Truth" prayer at the Holy Liturgy Charbel suffered a stroke. He died on Christmas Eve at the age of 70. Through faith this hermit received the Word of God and through love he continued the Ministry of Incarnation.
On the evening of his funeral, his superior wrote: "Because of what he will do after his death, I need not talk about his behavior". A few months after his death a bright light was seen surrounding his tomb. The superiors opened it to find his body still intact. Since that day a blood-like liquid flows from his body. Experts and doctors are unable to give medical explanations for the incorruptibility and flexibility. In the years 1950 and 1952 his tomb was opened and his body still had the appearance of a living one.
The spirit of Charbel still lives in many people. His miracles include numerous healings of the body and of the spirit. Thomas Merton, the American Hermit, wrote in his journal: "Charbel lived as a hermit in Lebanon—he was a Maronite. He died. Everyone forgot about him. Fifty years later, his body was discovered incorrupt and in short time he worked over 600 miracles. He is my new companion. My road has taken a new turning. It seems to me that I have been asleep for 9 years—and before that I was dead."
"...a hermit of the Lebanese mountain is inscribed in the number of the blessed...a new eminent member of monastic sanctity is enriching, by his example and his intercession, the entire Christian people... May he make us understand, in a world largely fascinated by wealth and comfort, the paramount value of poverty, penance, and asceticism, to liberate the soul in its ascent to God..."
At the closing of the Second Vatican Council, on December 5, 1965 Charbel was beatified by Pope Paul VI who said:
On October 9, 1977 during the World Synod of Bishops, Pope Paul VI canonized Blessed Charbel among the ranks of the Saints.
Taken from Opus Libani
Make a virtual visit to Our Lady of Lebanon Shrine.
Visit this site dedicated to St. Charbel and read another biography.
Listen to an Arabic prayer for God's Mercy from the Great Paraklesis (Supplicatory Prayer) to the Most Holy Theotokos. Notice the frescoes in the video of the praying saints which are from an obscure ancient Byzantine church in Maad, Lebanon, named after St. Charbel the old.
Learn more about the Maronites.
St. Christina of Bolsena
Saint Christina was the daughter of a rich and powerful magistrate named Urban. Her father, who was deep in the practices of paganism, had a number of golden idols. His young daughter broke them, then distributed the pieces among the poor. Infuriated by this act, Urban became the persecutor of his own daughter. He had her whipped with rods and thrown into a dungeon. Christina remained unshaken in her faith. Her tormentor brought her forth to have her body torn by iron hooks, then fastened to a rack beneath which a fire was kindled. But God watched over His servant and turned the flames back toward the onlookers, several of whom perished.
The torments to which this young girl was subjected would seem as difficult to devise as to imagine; but God was beside her at all times. After a heavy stone was attached to her neck, Saint Christina was thrown into the lake of Bolsena, but was rescued by an Angel and seen wearing a stole and walking on the water, accompanied by several Angels. Her father, hearing she was still alive, died suddenly amid atrocious sufferings. A new judge succeeded him, a cruel pagan experienced in persecuting the Christians. He tried to win her by reminding her of her nobility, suggesting she was in serious error. Her reply infuriated him: “Christ, whom you despise, will tear me out of your hands!” Then Saint Christina suffered the most inhuman torments. The second judge also was struck down by divine justice. A third one named Julian, succeeded him. “Magician!” he cried, “adore the gods, or I will put you to death!” She survived a raging furnace, after remaining in it for five days. Serpents and vipers thrown into her prison did not touch her, but killed the magician who had brought them there. She sent them away in the name of Christ, after restoring the unfortunate magician to life; he was converted and thanked the God of Christina and the Saint. Then her tongue was cut out.
The Saint prayed to be allowed to finish her course. When she was pierced with arrows, she gained the martyr's crown at Tyro, a city which formerly stood on an island in the lake of Bolsena in Italy, but has since been swallowed up by the waters. Her relics are now at Palermo in Sicily. Her tomb was discovered in the 19th century at Bolsena, marked with an inscription dating from the 10th century.
Excerpted from, by Msgr. Paul Guérin (Bloud et Barral: Paris, 1882), Vol. 9.
Washington (CNN) Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is known as the deal-maker on Capitol Hill, but the current logjam over funding the Department of Homeland Security has everyone wondering if he can prevent a shutdown.
Congress returns on Monday with just four days before the deadline to pass legislation to keep DHS open. A stalemate between Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill over President Barack Obama's executive actions on immigration has stalled a funding bill for the agency.
Without any serious negotiations or talk of a compromise, it's likely DHS will run out of money at midnight on Friday and the blame game will begin.
Both sides agree Homeland Security shouldn't be interrupted, but the GOP-controlled House passed a measure that funded he agency but also blocked the administration's immigration policies -- something Senate Democrats won't support.
JUST WATCHED Johnson: WH will appeal TX immigration ruling Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Johnson: WH will appeal TX immigration ruling 01:24
Congressional Republicans are trying to keep the focus on a key group of six to eight Senate Democrats who criticized the President's move last November to approve policies to allow 5 million undocumented immigrants to avoid deportations. On Friday, the White House spokesman pointed the finger squarely at the GOP.
"The President believes that the Congress, particularly Republicans in Congress, who now have the majority in both the House and the Senate, should fulfill their responsibility to ensure that the Department of Homeland Security doesn't shut down at the end of this month," White House press secretary Josh Earnest said.
Congress has faced showdowns before -- on government funding, on raising the nation's debt limit. The difference now is that nobody is talking; there is no evidence of any back channel negotiations or efforts to float a compromise that might give each side some kind of face saving measure to avoid a shutdown.
McConnell will try a fourth time to start debate on the House bill on Monday, but the vote is expected to fail. The Kentucky GOP leader, who has earned a reputation as a savvy legislator, hasn't signaled whether he has a new strategy up his sleeve.
The spotlight this week will remain on McConnell, who vowed when Republicans took control in 2015 there would be no more government shutdowns. But he's kept mum on how he'll keep that promise.
Last week, a Texas federal judge temporarily suspended the President's immigration actions, a development some thought could provide an escape hatch for Republicans. With the court stopping the program from moving forward some thought the GOP might be more willing to approve the DHS funding as the legal battle played out in the courts.
JUST WATCHED Homeland Sec.: 'New phase' of terror threat Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Homeland Sec.: 'New phase' of terror threat 04:46
But the court's decision appears to have hardened the posture of conservative Republicans, who argue the court backed up their view that the President's actions were unconstitutional.
"Why in the world would we move from that position?" Ohio Rep. Jim Jordan asked CNN in a phone interview.
Jordan heads a new group of House conservatives called the "House Freedom Caucus." The roughly 35 members of that group held a conference call during last week's recess and Jordan reported the group was united in "standing firm."
Members on the right say they remain committed to wage the fight against the administration's immigration policies on this spending bill. Republican leaders convinced members late last year that a possible pre-Christmas fight that threatened a shutdown wasn't the way they wanted to start out a new Congress. Instead they approved a spending bill for all government agencies for a year, but only approved short term money for DHS.
These conservatives are holding House Speaker John Boehner to his pledge to fight "tooth and nail." Any signal of backing down by the speaker would certainly trigger a backlash from many in his conference, as well as grassroots activists.
In an interview on Fox last Sunday, Boehner said he was willing to allow DHS funding to lapse, and repeatedly argued it was up to Senate Democrats to act.
Some House Republicans have told CNN they aren't convinced the legal route will ultimately block the President's immigration actions so they are resolved to keep moving forward on the legislative track.
After the political damage Republicans suffered after a 16-day government shutdown in 2013, Democrats feel confident they can force the GOP to ultimately approve a bill without the immigration provisions.
CNN poll released last week found that a majority of Americans -- 53% -- would blame Republicans on Capitol Hill if DHS ran out of money.
Still McConnell and Boehner are united in their strategy to try to place the blame on Senate Democrats. Despite that multiple Democratic aides say their members are expected to stand together and insist that the GOP relent and pass a clean funding bill.
"Each time that they do the same thing over and over again the caucus gets more united," one senior Senate Democratic leadership aide told CNN.
GOP Sens. Mark Kirk of Illinois and Jeff Flake of Arizona have both said it's time to approve the DHS money and deal with the immigration debate separately, and there are a small number of moderate GOP members in the House that say they could vote for a clean bill. But few believe Republican leaders would completely fold and allow a vote on a clean bill.
It's possible that the Senate could opt to punt the debate for a few weeks or months, and take up a short term spending bill that would keep the agency funded. Republican leaders could point to the Texas court's ruling as effectively blocking the same policies they are trying to prevent in the DHS bill.
Photos: New members of Congress Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – In one of the few Democratic takeovers, Gwen Graham unseated two-term Republican Rep. Steve Southerland. She is the first woman to represent Florida's District 2 in the House. Hide Caption 1 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – Mia Love is the first Republican African American woman ever elected in Congress. She will now represent Utah's District 2 in the House. Hide Caption 2 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – Following a highly contested senate race, Rep. Tom Cotton managed to unseat Democratic Sen. Mark Pryor. He is the first Iraq and Afghanistan War veteran to serve in the Senate. Hide Caption 3 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – New York Republican Elise Stefanik just became the youngest woman ever elected in Congress. The 30 year old beat Democrat Aaron Wolf with a 20 percentage point margin. Hide Caption 4 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – Republican Joni Ernst won the Iowa Senate seat, which formerly belonged to her Democratic challenger Bruce Braley. She is the first woman to represent Iowa in the U.S. Senate. Hide Caption 5 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – David Rouzer became the first Republican in 140 years to represent North Carolina's District 7. He formerly served as a state legislator and lobbyist. Hide Caption 6 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – After a highly contested senate race, Rep. Cory Gardner pushed ahead of Democratic incumbent Sen. Mark Udall. Hide Caption 7 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – Republican Thom Tillis managed to edge ahead of North Carolina Democratic incumbent Sen. Kay Hagan following an aggresive neck-and-neck senate race. Hide Caption 8 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – Rep. Shelley Moore Capito became West Virginia's first female senator after defeating Democrat Natalie Tennant on Tuesday. She is also the first Republican elected to the Senate in over 55 years. Hide Caption 9 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – Mike Bost, known for his fiery rants as an Illinois state legislator, will now represent District 12 in the U.S. House of Representatives. Hide Caption 10 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – After losing his reelection two years ago, Republican Bob Dold will be heading back to D.C. representing Illinois' 11th District. Hide Caption 11 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – After serving as senator for New York's District 1 since 2002, Republican Lee Zeldin will represent the Long Island district on the national level. Hide Caption 12 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – Former South Dakota Gov. Mike Rounds defeat his Democratic and Independent challengers for the state's open senate seat. Hide Caption 13 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – Will Hurd, a former CIA officer, defeated incumbent Democrati Rep. Pete Gallego in Texas 23rd Congressional District race. Hide Caption 14 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – Republican Cresent Hardy unexpectedly pulled ahead of Democratic Rep. Steven Horsford, unseating the first term representative in Nevada's 4th District. Hide Caption 15 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – Republican Rob Blum has gone from businessman to holding public office after he won Iowa's 1st Congressional District race. Hide Caption 16 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – Rep. Steve Daines has become the first Republican to represent Montana in the U.S. Senate after Democrats controlled that seat for over a century. Daines, a former businessman, was elected to the House in 2012. Hide Caption 17 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – Republican businessman Rick Allen ousted Democratic incumbent Rep. John Barrow from his Georgia District 12 seat. Hide Caption 18 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – Republican Frank Guinta ousted Rep. Carol Shea-Porter in New Hampshire's 1st District. He formerly served as mayor of Manchester, NH. Hide Caption 19 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – Republican John Katko's recent surge in the polls managed to lead him to victory in New York's 24th Congressional District. He unseated Democratic incumbent Rep. Dan Maffei. Hide Caption 20 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – Republican Carlos Curbelo flipped a South Florida Democratic Congressional District. Curbelo managed to beat Democratic first- term incumbent Jose Garcia. Hide Caption 21 of 22 Photos: New members of Congress New members of Congress – West Virginia State Sen. Evan Jenkins unseated Democratic incumbent Nick Rahall, who has represented District 3 for three decades. Hide Caption 22 of 22
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson criticized the idea of just passing a stopgap bill.
"Being on a continuing resolution is like driving across country on five gallons of gas at a time. And you don't know when the next gas station is," he said Thursday on CNN.
If the agency funding falls short at the end of the week the majority of DHS' employees -- screeners at airports, security agents at the nation's borders, disaster response teams and secret service agents -- would still have to report to work, but they will not get paid on time.
For now, Republicans aren't worried about the political fallout of a shutdown. Even though most GOP members admit the 2013 government closing was bad for the party they say voters didn't penalize them at the ballot box in the midterm election. The party won control of the Senate and expanded its majority in the House.
Conservatives see this battle as more than one about immigration. They want to set a marker down that they will not accept Obama's efforts to circumvent the authority of the legislative branch.
"If the President can in fact get away with this kind of action -- this executive amnesty action -- which so many people have said violates the separation of powers, what's next? Will this summer will he raise the debt ceiling without a vote of Congress?" Jordan asked.
Family calls for investigation after Eric Whittaker died shackled by his ankles in a Sydney hospital bed
Updated
The family of an Indigenous man and father of five who died in custody, shackled in a hospital bed in Sydney, are calling for an independent investigation into his death.
Eric Whittaker, 35, from Walgett died five months ago in Westmead Hospital after being transferred from Parklea Prison.
Mr Whittaker's family have released photos of him unconscious in a hospital bed with cuffs around his ankles the day before his life support was turned off.
"It appears he was shackled for at least two days and he was shackled after he was brain dead," the family's lawyer Stewart Levitt said.
Mr Levitt said that unnecessary restraint could be considered assault in New South Wales law.
"To restrain somebody with shackles in circumstances where there's no reasonable basis for doing so — because when you're comatose you can't get up and run away."
Mr Whittaker had been arrested for several offences, including allegedly breaching parole conditions, and transferred to the privately operated Parklea Prison on Friday, June 30, 2017.
He was taken to hospital on the Sunday and died two days later.
Sparse details of prisoner's condition
Mr Levitt alleged there were inconsistent stories as to why Mr Whittaker ended up in hospital, with some reports he fell in an exercise yard, another in his cell.
"He was taken into custody, and not withstanding that he was only there for relatively minor matters, he was put in isolation, handcuffed in a maximum security cell," Mr Levitt said.
"How he then came to be restrained, how his legs came to be shackled and to be transported to the sick bay at Parklea [Prison] is a manner which remains to be seen, and what injuries he might have suffered in that process has also not been the subject of any report," Mr Levitt said.
The family only have a death certificate saying he died of an aneurism, Mr Levitt told the ABC.
"The circumstances that led up to that aneurism are something that remain to be discovered."
Human Rights Commission complaint to be lodged
Corrective Services NSW did not respond to the ABC's questions directly about Mr Whittaker's death, although it did say a report was being finalised by the department.
In a statement it said every death in custody is thoroughly reviewed by the department and the NSW Coroners Court and may result in a change in procedures.
The department said there were also strict protocols for the use of restraints which took into consideration the likelihood of a breach of safety and security, including an attempted escape.
It added, should medical treatment require both handcuffs and ankle cuffs to be removed, adequate security measures must be in place.
Mr Levitt says he and the family would be lodging a complaint with the Human Rights Commission.
Topics: black-deaths-in-custody, indigenous-aboriginal-and-torres-strait-islander, prisons-and-punishment, law-crime-and-justice, parklea-2768, westmead-2145, sydney-2000, nsw
First posted
Celtics point guard Rajon Rondo watches from the bench during a game in March. (Photo: Brad Penner, Brad Penner-USA TODAY Sports)
The Brooklyn Nets and Boston Celtics will play a 44-minute game — four minutes shorter than a regulation NBA game — Sunday at the Barclays Center.
Playing four 11-minute quarters is a one-time preseason experiment and only exploratory. However, at the recent NBA coaches' meeting in Chicago, the length of games was a topic, and it was suggested the NBA take a look at shortening games.
"We have looked at everything that we do and are taking a fresh look at all the different things we do," NBA president of basketball operations Rod Thorn said. "One of the things that keeps coming up is our schedule and the length of our games. … Our coaches talked about it, and a lot of them seemed to be in favor of at least taking a look at it. We talked with our competition committee, and they were in favor of taking a look at it."
The NBA will look how a 44-minute game impacts length of the game, player-substitution patterns and flow of the game to determine if there's a better experience.
"Let's get some empirical evidence regarding this and take a fresh look at it," Thorn said.
One game is a small sample size, and it's possible the NBA experiments with 44-minute games next preseason and in the D-League, which is often used a testing ground for ideas.
The Nets and Celtics volunteered to participate in the 44-minute game experiment, which will include a different mandatory timeout schedule.
Each quarter will have two mandatory timeouts at the first dead ball under 6:59 and the first dead ball under 2:59, and the game will have two fewer mandatory timeouts than a normal game. In a 48-minute game, there are three mandatory timeouts in the second and fourth quarters, and the first mandatory timeout comes at the first dead ball under 5:59.
The league will pay close attention to the length of that game. The total time of an average NBA game is about two hours, 15 minutes.
Also, if the NBA played 44-minute games for an 82-game season, it would eliminate about seven games worth of a minute from a regular season. However, that doesn't mean a coach would play certain players fewer minutes.
For example, LeBron James still might play 38 minutes per game. But maybe he plays less, which would take some wear and tear off of players not only during a single season but the length of a career.
"The reality is that we don't know," Thorn said. "But the probability is that they're going to play a little bit less."
Whether the NBA seriously looks at 44-minute game for permanent use, it strengthens the notion that NBA Commissioner Adam Silver is open to ideas that challenge the status quo.
TalkTalk has asked one of its resellers to forward a copyright infringement notice from Warner Bros. to a customer. This is a notable move from the UK Internet provider, as the company itself doesn't send any piracy warnings to its subscribers.
Unlike those in the US, Internet providers in the UK are not obliged to forward copyright infringement notices to their subscribers. This means that local Internet users are spared the typical warnings that are so common elsewhere.
Despite the lacking legal requirements, some anti-piracy groups do send copyright infringement notices to UK ISPs. In most cases these are ignored by the providers, but last week TalkTalk forwarded a notice to one of its resellers.
In the email the ISP asks Opal Solutions to forward the notice in question to one of its subscribers who allegedly shared a pirated copy of “Godzilla”. In addition the reseller was urged to take “preventive” measures, but what these should be is left open.
“Please see below copyright infringement email regarding an IP address of one of your clients, Please inform your client and take necessary preventative measures,” TalkTalk wrote.
At the bottom of this article is a copy of the original copyright infringement notice TalkTalk forwarded. It is a typical DMCA style notice sent by IP Echelon on behalf of Warner Bros.
IP Echelon didn't make any effort to customize the notice for the UK audience. The email specifically references US copyright law, which doesn't apply to the reseller or TalkTalk.
What's most noteworthy, though, is that TalkTalk has decided to pass on this notice. The ISP is not known to forward these notices to its own subscribers, yet they appear to be urging a reseller to go beyond what's required by law.
The forwarded email is most likely an attempt to avoid any type of liability. The question that remains is this: if TalkTalk do this with resellers does this mean they will start warning their subscribers as well?
Earlier this year the news broke that TalkTalk and other UK providers will voluntarily start sending infringement notices under the VCAP program. While VCAP isn't going into effect before the summer of 2015, TalkTalk's forwarded infringement notice could suggest that they might do something sooner.
Below is a full copy of the copyright infringement notice.
—-
We are writing this message on behalf of Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc..
We have received information that an individual has utilized the
below-referenced IP address at the noted date and time to offer
downloads of copyrighted material.
The title in question is: Godzilla
The distribution of unauthorized copies of copyrighted television
programs constitutes copyright infringement under the Copyright Act,
Title 17 United States Code Section 106(3). This conduct may also
violate the laws of other countries, international law, and/or treaty
obligations.
Since you own this IP address
we request that you immediately do the following:
1) Contact the subscriber who has engaged in the conduct described
above and take steps to prevent the subscriber from further downloading
or uploading Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. content without authorization; and
2) Take appropriate action against the account holder under your Abuse
Policy/Terms of Service Agreement.
On behalf of Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc., owner of the exclusive rights
in the copyrighted material at issue in this notice, we hereby state that
we have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner
complained of is not authorized by Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc.,
its respective agents, or the law.
Also, we hereby state, under penalty of perjury, that we are authorized
to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive rights being infringed
as set forth in this notification.
We appreciate your assistance and thank you for your cooperation in this
matter. Your prompt response is requested.
Any further enquiries can be directed to [email protected]
Please include this message with your enquiry to ensure a swift response.
Respectfully,
Adrian Leatherland
CEO
IP-Echelon
Email: [email protected]
Address: 6715 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, 90028, United States
– ————- Infringement Details ———————————-
Title: Godzilla
Timestamp: 2014-08-13T14:06:26Z
IP Address:
Port: 60261
Type: BitTorrent
Torrent Hash: c5cdf551eea353484657d45dbe93f688575a1e31
Filename: Godzilla.2014.WEBRiP.XviD-VAiN
Filesize: 2485 MB
– ———————————————————————
Back in the mid 2000's there was a movement of a new subgenre of Trance led by James Holden and Pantha Du Prince. This form of Trance is minimalistic, influenced by Techno and IDM and is created as an alternative to the mainstream form of Trance we know today. It's one of the most creative and wonderful sounds of Trance i've heard in years.
Sadly, it never broke into the mainstream like Minimal Techno and Electro House. But, producers still make them and the sound has influenced the likes of Rene Amescz, SBTRKT, Underworld, Ramadanman and Deadmau5 to name a few. So i have decided to make a Neo-Trance/Techno mix to explore more of Neo-Trance and i hope you guys enjoy this mix as well.
Download MP3: http://www.mediafire.com/?yzf14dkty8vs5ew
Paris – DCNS expects to sign the next Australian contract on the AU $50 billion (US $36 billion) Future Submarine Program in fall 2017, covering further design work on the planned attack boats, the French naval shipbuilder said Tuesday.
"The next contract between DCNS and the Australian government should be signed next autumn," the company said in statement. "It will deal with complete studies and conceptual designs of the future submarines." Several more contracts are expected between the company and Canberra.
Building the first of the 12 diesel-electric boats is due to start around 2020, with the final timetable depending on building infrastructure and "preparation" of the Australian team, the company said. A first delivery is due in 2020.
A DCNS facility in Adelaide, South Australia, will become operational early next year, and will support French technology transfer, development of Australian suppliers and design of a new Adelaide shipyard, the company said.
"This facility, and our local Adelaide workforce starting with 50 people in 2017, marks the beginning of our relationship as part of the community," Hervé Guillou, DCNS chairman and chief executive, said at a "founding" ceremony of the facility in Adelaide.
DCNS marked Tuesday a ceremony for its shipyard facility, as the Australian and French defense ministers signed an intergovernmental agreement for cooperation.
"This agreement constitutes a significant milestone in the deepening of our bilateral ties, particularly in operational cooperation between our two navies and in investment in innovation and technology," French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said in a statement. The minister noted that he visited in Sydney the new French multimission ship, dubbed D'Entrecasteaux, and that its presence in the Australian harbor reflected operational cooperation.
That ship, based in Noumea, New Caledonia, is the first of four new French Navy ships deployed for patrol and surveillance missions over the 1.36 million km2 of exclusive economic zone in the Pacific.
"This agreement sets the framework for relations between the French and Australian governments necessary for the development of the future submarine fleet for the Australian Navy," the French defense ministry said in a statement.
DCNS signed Sept. 30 a framework contract for the Barracuda Shortfin 1A submarine, which included preliminary design, working with Lockheed Martin and building infrastructure in Australia. The US company will supply the combat system integrator.
ISLAMABAD: The India-Pakistan dispute over Kashmir is a matter of concern, according to a United Nations (UN) report, claiming that the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) might create geopolitical tensions with India and ignite political instability.
The report released by the UN's Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (Escap) on Tuesday feared that Afghanistan's political instability could limit the potential benefits of transit corridors to population centres near Kabul or Kandahar.
The report, ‘The Belt and Road Initiative and the Role of Escap' was prepared at China's request and covers the six economic corridors spanning Asia, Europe and Africa under the umbrella of the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI).
CPEC holds the promise of closer trade, investment and energy cooperation between the two countries, as it creates alternative maritime trade routes for China and its trading partners, it said. According to the report, CPEC could serve as the “driver for trade and economic integration” between China, Pakistan, Iran, India, Afghanistan and the Central Asian states.
Incensed India
India did not send an official delegation to attend the “Belt and Road Forum” (OBOR) in Beijing after the Chinese Ambassador to India Luo Zhaohui called on India to join.
Instead, India criticised China's global initiative, warning of an “unsustainable debt burden” for countries involved.
India is incensed that the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor ─ one of the key Belt and Road projects ─ passes through Kashmir and Pakistan.
“No country can accept a project that ignores its core concerns on sovereignty and territorial integrity,” Indian foreign ministry spokesman Gopal Baglay said.
He also warned of the danger of debt. One of the criticisms of the Silk Road plan is that host countries may struggle to pay back loans for huge infrastructure projects being carried out and funded by Chinese companies and banks.
“Connectivity initiatives must follow principles of financial responsibility to avoid projects that would create an unsustainable debt burden for communities,” Baglay said.
'Shared prosperity'
On the other hand, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif insisted that the CPEC and OBOR initiatives were all about shared prosperity, beginning a new era for humanity and progress in poor regions.
“Work has already begun across Asia and Africa on infrastructure, industrial cooperation and new platforms of technology. Financial flows have found their way to some of the least developed parts of the world. These outcomes are knitting nations and regions into economic networks and inclusive neighbourhoods that transcend borders,” he said while addressing the second session of the Leaders Roundtable at the two-day Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation.
He added that the core of the OBOR initiative was connectivity and long-term development, especially in developing countries.
Similarly, China's regional governments are falling over each other to curry favour with President Xi Jinping, jostling for roles in his New Silk Road plan to boost economic and cultural links through Asia to Europe.
One says it wants to send its young people to be Silk Road “super connectors”, while a second is pitching to become a new home for foreign consulates. Another wants to build a folk museum to commemorate Beijing's overseas push.
While official plans published in 2015 only list 18 provinces as areas key to the plan, over 30 of China's territories now say they have an OBOR strategy.
Published in Dawn, May 24th, 2017
The sun sets behind two members of a mock Mars mission for one of the Mars Society's Mars Desert Research Station expeditions.
Humanity has been flying in space for 50 years now, but we are still confined to a single planet — Earth.
If it took only eight years to go from no humans in space to the first man on the moon, why haven't humans colonized Mars and other worlds yet? Or at the least the moon?
"NASA's plan as of 1969 was to have a human Mars mission by 1981, a permanent moon base in the '80s and a permanent Mars base in 1988," said Robert Zubrin, president and founder of the Mars Society.
On 12 April 1961, Russian cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin became the first human to travel into space when he launched into orbit on the Vostok 3KA-3 spacecraft (Vostok 1). (Image: © ESA)
Interplanetary human voyages pose definite scientific and technological challenges. One would have to deal with the rigors of travel — issues of food, water and oxygen, the deleterious effects of microgravity, potential hazards such as fire and radiation and the fact that any such astronauts would be millions of miles away from help and confined together for years at a time. Landing, working, living and returning from another planet would offer a host of challenges as well. [Vote! The Best Spaceships of All Time]
Space exploration versus politics
Here the re-entry capsule of the Vostok 3KA-3 (also known as Vostok 1) spacecraft (Vostok 1) is seen with charring and its parachute on the ground after landing south west of Engels, in the Saratov region of southern Russia. (Image: © ESA)
Still, the main reason that people have not yet voyaged past the orbit of the moon is mostly a political one.
The era of human spaceflight began on April 12, 1961, when the Soviet Union shocked the world by launching cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin, the first man in space, into orbit. At the time, the so-called Space Race was under way, with the United States and Soviet Union both working to land a human on the moon first. That race ended with NASA's historic Apollo 11 moon shot, which landed astronauts Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin on the lunar surface on July 20, 1969.
"The Cold War is over," said Bill Nye, executive director of the Planetary Society.
Back in the early days of human spaceflight, the United States and Soviet Union were locked in the Cold War, a life-or-death struggle that spurred the space race for control of the ultimate high ground.
Since then, however, "we've had a major failure of political leadership in this country when it came to human spaceflight," Zubrin said. "It'd be like Columbus coming back from America and Ferdinand and Isabella saying, 'so what?'"
An exterior view of isolation facility at the Russian Institute of Biomedical Problems in Moscow, Russia. The facility is host to the Mars500 study that will help us to understand the psychological and medical aspects of long spaceflights. A 105-day Mars simulation was held between March and July 2009, a longer 520-day study began in 2010. (Image: © ESA)
A question of will
Although one "can talk forever about the technical problems, those are red herrings," Zubrin said. "You can talk about the risk of being exposed to radiation in space for years, but cosmonauts have already had larger cosmic ray doses at the International Space Station and Mir. This isn't a question of technical challenges — it's a question of will." [The Best (and Worst) Mars Landings]
"You can say it's risky, but imagine all the risks human spaceflight faced in the beginning," Zubrin said. "When Kennedy gave his speech in May of 1961 about putting a man on the moon, we had 15 minutes of human spaceflight experience, and yet we went."
"My uncle landed on Normandy beach," Zubrin said. "They didn't hold up the Normandy landing until they knew it was safe. If you're going to wait to go to Mars until it's going to be safe, you're never going to Mars."
The goal now "is toget people to realize the value of human spaceflight," Nye said. "When we explore with robots, we make discoveries, but not nearly as fast as with people, and not in the same engaging way."
"This is really a challenge of who we are, what kind of people we are," Zubrin said. "Are we willing to accept challenges and embrace risk? Or are we ultimately resigning from our role as a nation of pioneers?"
Follow SPACE.com contributor Charles Q. Choi on Twitter @cqchoi. Visit SPACE.com for the latest in space science and exploration news on Twitter @Spacedotcom and on Facebook.
As part of io9's ongoing attempts to make you a hollow, timid shell of the person you used to be, we try to illuminate all the ways the world is trying to kill you. We've gone over death by asteroid, vampire, and virus, and have finally gotten to death by grocery list. Find out the toxic elements in all your favorite foods.
10. Potatoes
That's right. Your number one comfort food is trying to off you. That's what you get for mashing it. Potatoes contain small amounts of a kind of chemical called solanines in their stems, leaves, and eyes. These chemicals are a natural fungicide and pesticide that the potato uses as defense. As the spuds get older, they accumulate solanine, which turns them a green color. Every potato contains about 8-13 milligrams, and about 200 milligrams can make people sick. Eating a lot of old potatoes, or making potato leaf tea, can make people to hallucinate, turn hypothermic, feel nausea, and to develop neurological problems. Amazingly, there are still occasional cases of death by potato.
Advertisement
9. Cashews
Cashews contain urushiol. Doesn't sound very deadly - more like a minor orc in Lord of the Rings - but it's found in something feared by campers everywhere. Poison Ivy contains urushiol, and everyone knows what it does. Now imagine eating it. Cashews are only bad for you if you eat a huge amount, but urushiol reactions do happen to workers in plants where cashews are processed all day.
8. Rhubarb
The stems or rhubarb are cooked to add a little something to a pie. The leaves are cooked to get that inheritance you've been waiting for for all these years. Rhubarb contains oxalates in manageable levels in the stems. In the leaves, they are deadly, especially if cooked with soda to make them water soluble. Rhubarb leaves are also believed to contain some kind of special, unidentified toxin. That toxin hasn't been studied, since most experts agree that one kind of deadly poison is enough to tell people to stop eating food without further examination.
Advertisement
7. Egg whites
If you're going to eat that egg white omelet, (And really, you shouldn't, because what's the point? Is your life really so bad that you have to punish yourself with that? What did you do? Poison your grandmother with rhubarb? Even she would've wanted you to allow yourself a yolk or two.) make sure it's cooked. Egg whites contain trypsin inhibitors, which stop you from being able to digest protein and lead to a slow, miserable death. Lima beans contain these, too. So if you're really that guilt-ridden, you can make undercooked egg white and lima bean omelets every day and see which kills you first; the trypsin inhibitors or the ennui. I'm guessing it will be the ennui.
6. Whole wheat and rye bread
If you get tired of those omelets, you can supplement your diet with whole wheat or rye. These contain phytic acid, which is so horrible that it is called the 'anti-nutrient'. It stops you from taking in calcium, iron, magnesium, and zinc. The acid contains an insoluble salt that binds to these nutrients, making it impossible for you to digest them.
Advertisement
5. Kidney beans
Phytohaemagglutinin is a nasty little number that can make cell membranes too permeable, letting all sorts of undesirable elements in and making someone lose control of their body and bodily functions. This is why the first signals of such poisoning are vomiting and diarrhea. The chemical also triggers cell mitosis. These symptoms can pop up after just a few beans have been consumed. Cooking at over 100 degrees destroys the toxin, but kidney beans are so suspect that it's recommended that they are soaked for at least five hours before cooking, and that the water they're soaked in be thrown away.
Advertisement
4. Almonds, cherries, apples, apricots, and many other seeds
The fruit mentioned isn't dangerous, but it houses a danger. The seeds of all of these, when ground up or even bruised, produces hydrogen cyanide. Yes, the pill that they gave spies to kill themselves if they got captured might have been made from ground-up almonds. Another word for hydrogen cyanide is prussic acid. History buffs will recognize it as a poison asked for at a chemist by Lizzie Borden, presumably to kill her parents. She was denied, because an era that sold heroin over the counter thought prussic acid was too dangerous to give out. That's why she turned to the ax. She might have just tried baking them an almond cake.
3. Mushrooms
And not just in the way you think. Shiitake and white button mushrooms contain large amounts of carcinogenic compounds when they're raw. Mice grow tumors more often if they've been fed on mushrooms.
Advertisement
2. Every green thing you've ever eaten
Cabbage, kale, broccoli, brussels sprouts, spinach are all murderers. Also peaches, strawberries, and pears. Cauliflower. Bamboo shoots. All these contain goitrogens, which take out your thyroid and prevent iodine uptake. They cause enlarged thyroids over time. Soy also has it. In short - don't eat anything good for you.
Advertisement
1. Castor Beans
You might think you don't eat these, but you do. They're most famous for being in castor oil, but they're also in most sweets like chocolate and processed candies. So what? So they contain ricin. Ricin is a deadly poison. It is so deadly, that it was given to assassins during the Cold War. They would have umbrellas which, when jabbed against someone's leg, would fire ricin pellets. About 0.2 milligrams is enough to kill someone within four days. It dissolves completely - when properly administered, and leaves little to no trace. So the next time someone gives you a box of chocolates, it could be that they're trying to kill you on a day too sunny to carry an umbrella.
Via listverse, Health Eating Politics, Top Tenz, CNN, and Houston Press.
Over Yourhosting
Yourhosting is in 15+ jaar gegroeid tot de grootste shared hosting- en domeinregistratie provider van Nederland. Onze gemotiveerde en professionele klantenservice geeft graag antwoord op al je vragen. Ook 's avonds en op zaterdag staan we voor je klaar.
Bij Yourhosting kun je binnen één minuut een beschikbare domeinnaam zoeken en je domeinnaam registreren. Je kunt je eigen domeinnaam kopen vanaf € 1.- per jaar en voor € 0.41 per maand forwarden (ook wel doorlinken genoemd). Je krijgt korting bij registratie van meerdere domeinen én je plaatst snel meerdere domeinnamen op één pakket. Is je domeinnaam nog vrij? Check direct alle beschikbare domeinnamen en domein extensies in onze domeinnaamzoeker!
Je eigen website maken? Dagelijks kiezen honderden mensen de professionele webhosting van Yourhosting. Zij bouwen hun website, webwinkel of weblog met MijnWebsite of gebruiken de gratis scripts of website software (bijvoorbeeld Joomla hosting of WordPress hosting). Alleen bij Yourhosting kun je meerdere websites op één pakket plaatsen en eenvoudig back-ups van je website maken. Kies nú voor de beste hosting en maak ook je eigen website.
I thought you could only earn loot once a week from a boss with the raid finder. Are you saying that we'll be able to do both the raid finder and normal/heroic and get loot from the same boss twice?
Yup! It'll be "raid finder" ilvl, so it's not going to be quite as good as a normal/heroic piece for that slot, but it'll certainly be a help, and better than a sharp stick in the eye.
To clarify you have your Normal/Heroic lockout. Raid Finder has no lockout, you can run it as much as you want, but bosses will only drop for you once a week. So in one week you can go clear Normal, then go clear Raid Finder and get item drops in both.
The only problem with this Bashiok is that the gear that you obtain from Normal/Heroic lockouts is vastly superior to the LFR tool. After 2-3 weeks of Normal/Heroic runs, the LFR tool will not have any upgrades worth getting. Sure you can just chain run it if you want to, but you will not get any additional power for your character after just a few weeks.Also if you're already Heroic geared from the previous tier, then there is virtually no upgrades at all from the LFR tool. So this changes nothing for the Heroic raiding guilds.
LINDEN — While searching Craigslist for a second boat, a Middlesex County man found his own 17-foot pleasure craft — one he was storing in Linden — listed for sale and arranged to meet the man trying to sell it.
Linden police said that led to the arrest of a 49-year-old Bayonne man on charges of theft by deception.
Gregory Bartucci was arrested Tuesday after, authorities said, he met with the boat owner in Linden.
Linden police Detective Lt. James Sarnicki said owner of the boat, a 46-year-old Parlin resident, was looking on Craigslist on Monday when he saw his boat listed for sale.
The owner contacted a man using the name Chad and arranged a meeting for the next night in a lot on West Edgar Street in Linden, where the boat is kept for the winter.
After meeting with the man, the owner called police, who arrested the alleged seller, identified as Bartucci, Sarnicki said. Bartucci was being held on $10,000 bail, pending a court hearing, Sarnicki said.
Follow @starledger
Avengers: Infinity War logo Credit: Marvel Studios
Black Panther official concept art Credit: Marvel Studios
Marvel Studios knows how to make an impact. Since the first Iron Man hit, they've built a strong, cohesive world with a vision that created a universe, collectively known as the MCU - the Marvel Cinematic Universe to fans and industry members alike. On what would otherwise be an average Tuesday, Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige and a slew of guests held an event worthy of a Comic-Con or three, with new characters, new films, release dates for several years, and a roadmap for the entirety of "Phase 3" of their massive plan.
At the head of the list was the title Captain America: Civil War, which will have Marvel superheroes fighting against each other — with Cap specifically taking on Robert Downey Jr.'s Iron Man. Slated for release on May 6, 2016, the movie confirms the rumors and significant speculation about the introduction of strife between superheroes in the wake of the 2015 film Avengers: Age of Ultron. The movie will also introduce the character of Black Panther, played by Chadwick Boseman (having already played groundbreaking black men like Jackie Robinson and James Brown in prior films), who will then later appear in his own film, slated for November 3, 2017.
Black Panther was, in Marvel comics history, the first black superhero introduced by the publisher — a ruler of the African nation of Wakanda who's also a costumed superhero.
The stars of Captain America: Civil War: Robert Downey Jr as Iron Man, Chadwick Boseman as Black Panther, and Chris Evans as Captain America Credit: Marvel Studios
The Black Panther film represents the first black superhero to have the lead role in a Marvel Studios film. Although the film was expected by fans and had been in development at Marvel, the 2017 date is noteworthy because it comes before the slated 2020 Cyborg film from Warner, which also stars a black superhero.
Joining him in the "new" category was the announcement of Captain Marvel, Carol Danvers, being included in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. After DC and WB beat them to the punch announcing a standalone superhero movie with a female lead officially in an investor call two weeks ago, Marvel Studios brought out the fanfare - and the fans - for their announcement. The film has no real details yet, other than that it's coming on July 6, 2018, and will feature both her Earthly origins and a cosmic adventure. The character has not been cast, and Marvel is currently working on securing a director for the film, first.
However, with its 2018 release date for Captain Marvel, Marvel will not have the first female heroine starring in a modern-day shared-universe feature, since Warner Bros. has already announced a Wonder Woman movie for June 23, 2017, and Sony has also slated an "untitled" female Spider-Man Universe film for 2017. There have of course also been female-starring comic book movies as far back as 1984.
Feige also talked about movies that were previously announced. He said that the Doctor Strange film, announced as having a release date of November 4, 2016 would open up the supernatural side of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, with the sorcerer "entering the world of parallel dimemsions." He stopped short of confirming yesterday's reports that Benedict Cumberbatch would be playing Doctor Strange in that film, however, saying merely that once it's confirmed, they'll confirm it.
And although not in Los Angeles, Guardians of the Galaxy director James Gunn appeared via video to announce that the sequel's release date is moving up to May 5, 2017.
The previously announced date for the Guardians of the Galaxy sequel, July 28, 2017, will instead be filled by the third Thor film, now titled Thor: Ragnarok. Feige says that both Chris Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston will reprise their roles as Thor and Loki, and that the film would be "the end of all things."
Back to the new, Marvel also announced Inhumans, a movie they see as having franchise potential. Nothing more was said other than the release date of November 2, 2018, however. Feige hinted that the future of the Inhumans may come "sooner than you think," hinting that they'll be introduced prior to the 2018 release.
The entire film slate release by Marvel:
Captain America: Civil War — May 6, 2016.
Captain America: Civil War logo Credit: Marvel Studios
Doctor Strange — Nov. 4, 2016.
Doctor Strange title card Credit: Marvel
Guardians of the Galaxy 2 — May 5, 2017.
Guardians of the Galaxy 2 title card Credit: Marvel
Thor: Ragnarok — July 28, 2017.
Credit: Marvel
Black Panther — Nov. 3, 2017.
Black Panther title card Credit: Marvel
Avengers: Infinity War (Part I) — May 4, 2018.
Avengers: Infinity War logo Credit: Marvel Studios
Captain Marvel — July 6, 2018.
Credit: Marvel
Inhumans — Nov. 2, 2018.
Credit: Marvel
Avengers: Infinity War (Part II) — May 3, 2019.
Notably missing are any Black Widow or Hulk solo films, along with an Iron Man 4. Feige said of these that nothing is off the table, and that Black Widow and Hulk would have major roles to play in other Avengers films (and possibly films belonging to other Avengers).
There was also nothing on the rumors of Spider-Man joining the Marvel Cinematic Universe somehow, aside from Feige specifically saying he wouldn't comment on any rumors. A script for Runaways is sitting on a shelf at Marvel Studios, but they have yet to find a way to move forward with the film.
The announcements came on the heels of Warner Bros.' internet-capturing DC movie reveal last week, where they announced a slew of upcoming movies during a shareholder meeting. Included in the Warner announcement were the first mentions of headline-worthy movies like Wonder Woman and a Harry Potter spin-off trilogy, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Check out a list of every Marvel and DC Comics based superhero movie on the schedule from 2015-2020.
Additional reporting by Chris Arrant and Vaneta Rogers.
Shots fired into Canberra house, three people inside escape injury
Updated
Several gun shots were fired into a Canberra house in the early hours of Monday morning, according to police.
There were three people inside the property on Dalziel Street in Gowrie when a number of shots were fired at 2:30am.
Police were called and a bullet hole was found in the front lounge room window of the house.
No one was injured in the shooting and detectives have called on any members of the public who have information about the incident to come forward.
Forensic officers were called to examine the area.
Police said a car that was set on fire in Uriarra later in the morning was involved in the shooting.
Fire crews were called to extinguish the car fire at 9:30am.
Police have also released CCTV footage of the car.
The shooting happened on the same street in Gowrie where police found a stolen van containing a shotgun in July last year.
They found several suspicious items in the van, including a shotgun, ammunition, a gun safe with a cut lock, torches, stolen power tools and a balaclava.
But police have ruled out any link between the two incidents.
Topics: crime, law-crime-and-justice, police, act, gowrie-2904, canberra-2600
First posted
#22 Jefferson Savarino AGE: 20 COUNTRY: Venezuela POSITION: Forward CLUB: Real Salt Lake YEARS PRO: 6
At just 20 years of age, Jefferson Savarino is a key part of a youth movement at Real Salt Lake. The versatile attacker joined the team in May of this season, scoring six goals and five assists in 20 MLS regular season appearances. If he continues his adjustment to MLS play, he could become a building block of the RSL attack for years to come.
Capable of playing as a winger, a striker or second striker, Savarino is comfortable running the channels and taking defenders on. His playmaking ability may become a larger part of his game as time goes on if he can develop that aspect of his game, but given the way the attacking game has evolved in recent years, the Venezuelan international's versatility could prove to be a benefit as his development continues.
What the technical staffers say:
"He can break teams down on the dribble. He can measure a pass, he gets players off balance with his cuts, and he's quick, and I think he uses that to his advantage."
"He's a guy in front of goal who's clever. He can shoot with power and with placement, which is a good combination, and he anticipates the play."
"He's an exciting young player who's not afraid to unbalance defenses and take players on."
"I'm not sure he's the best defender, but he will put in the work to try and win the ball back."
"I watched Savarino on film, and I watched him live, and what this guy's doing on the ball, at pace, is impressive. He can pass on the move, he can receive and change direction on the move, and he can shoot on the move…He doesn't need to slow down. He can, he plays the game at multiple paces, he can play on the right side of the field or the left side of the field. He's a quality player."
"I do think if he continues to improve at this rate, he'll be starring in this league in a few years."
"When you're a “tweener” player, it becomes a little bit of a challenge, and the team has to morph. Now, this is what makes Savarino and [Albert] Rusnak so much fun, that Savarino is paired with a guy like Rusnak, who understands how to use a player like him and keep him involved as he shows up in different spots to be effective."
With the affordable, 238-mile-per-charge Bolt, Chevy brings zero-emission motoring to the masses. They even made it fun.
A Charge to Drive
The near-silent Bolt EV drives with a crispness you wouldn't expect from an affordable (read: non-Tesla) EV, let alone a commuter-focused Chevy. The strength of its 200-horsepower electric motor proved gutsy enough to surge past traffic on Bay Area freeways without worry. In the hills, its chipper turn-in and low center of gravity gave it the charisma of a hot hatch. There's no need to stop at 7-Eleven for a Red Bull to stay awake behind the Bolt's wheel.
A Very Big Small Design
The tall, clipped, crossover-like profile of the Bolt EV lacks the design fluidity of Tesla's future competitor, the Model 3 (expected late this year), but the Bolt's utility will win you over. Its interior space is damn near lofty, with ample legroom in front and enough acreage for two adult butts in back (three in a pinch). The cargo-swallowing rear hatch is killer; the cost-cutting array of plastics on the instrument panel is not.
A No-Shock Sticker Price
The Bolt hits the impressive benchmark GM set for this car back in 2015: getting 200-plus-mile-range electric wheels on the road at around $30 grand. But because the actual price is $37,495, the low cost is dependent on a $7,500 federal tax credit for buying an EV — an Obama-era incentive with an uncertain future. Still, as it stands, the Bolt EV makes zero-emission driving realistic for the first time ever. Score one for Detroit.
How the Bolt EV Squeezes Out More Juice
Thus far, affordable EVs — like the Nissan Leaf and Kia Soul EV — suffered from anxiety-inducing mileage ranges in the high double-digits. They tended to make you look down every few seconds at a battery level in free fall. Not so with the Bolt EV, since its 60-kWh battery pack is good for an average of 238 miles per charge. And if you slip it into “low” mode, you'll likely eke out even more — and rarely have to hit the brake pedal. The setting enables one-footed driving, essentially: The more you come off the accelerator pedal, the more the Bolt's regenerative brakes scrub off speed until you stop, recapturing power in the process. Within minutes, the method feels like second nature. Deplete the battery's capacity (a rarity) and a recharge from a 240-volt plug will take nine hours.
Get the latest gear reviews, deals, and more directly to your inbox. Sign up now for the Men's Journal newsletter.
Over the weekend the Adelaide Showgrounds got turned Upside Down when star of hit Netflix show Stranger Things Millie Bobby Brown landed in Australia for the pop culture convention. Giving fans the opportunity to meet, greet, get photos and autographs. During her Q&A panel fans got to quiz her on her work and here are 5 things we learnt during that session. Obviously this covers answers to questions about Season 2 so ***spoilers ahead***
Is she Eleven or Jane?
In Season 2 of Stranger Things we learnt that Eleven's real name prior to being abducted and taken to the Hawkins Lab is Jane. Asked whether she refers to her character as Eleven or Jane Millie is quick to reply
“I don't call her Jane, she will never be Jane to me. She is Eleven or El to me.”
Two of her favourite Stranger Things scenes are from Season 2 …
One of her favourite scenes to work on was the scene with Matthew Modine in the warehouse where she is hallucinating him saying “you have a wound, it is festering” the entire build-up and having to focus was so emotionally taxing that after filming it she had to go to the bathroom and cry for 45 minutes afterward.
Her other favourite scene involved working with David Harbour whom she calls her “grumpy lovely old man”. It was Harbour that suggested during Eleven's tantrum with Sherriff Hopper, that she slam the door and throw the couch against him as well as smash the bookshelf. A lot of special effects wire rigging went into making the scene work and she's so glad that Harbour suggested a more aggressive and violent scene be used to show Eleven's growing power.
Eleven might love Eggos waffles but Millie, not so much …
Through the course of the show we discover that Eleven has a penchant for eating Eggos brand waffles, and they're probably her favourite thing to eat. Brown however is less of a fan of the doughy goods. Describing in slightly TMI detail about how every take where she has to eat the waffles, she has an accompanying “spit bucket” to basically spit out the semi-chewed waffle-y bits. It's very Hollywood and oh so glamorous.
Her celebrity role model is Audrey Hepburn ….
For 13 years young as an actress, you'd be surprised to find that one of Millie Bobby Brown's celebrity influences is Audrey Hepburn. Her style, grace and sensibility are all what Brown aspires for in her career. But Brown also makes a key point in complimenting her fans for providing her with daily inspiration and motivation to work harder. Getting to hear stories of how fans are inspired by her is one of the most moving things and she is constantly grateful for the support and love.
Millie Bobby Brown has big things set in store for her future …
You may not be aware of Millie's other talents, she's an accomplished singer and loves to bust out a rap every now and then and her go-to karaoke tune is Bruno Mars' “Just The Way You Are”. During her panel an audience member requested MBB to rap the Season 1 wrap song so the two of them onstage busted out the rhymes but even Millie couldn't keep up with her fan.
Prior to becoming an actress she wanted to be a singer but after catching the acting bug she decided to jump headlong into the television and film industry. Her father (who also happens to be her manager) has said that once she cracks 16 she can take up singing professionally, but for now Millie wants to focus on her acting career. However she sees many different roles ahead of her, including singer, model and ambassador with charity organisations such as UNICEF.
You can check out Stranger Things Seasons 1 & 2 on Netflix right now.
Millie Bobby Brown appeared as a guest on the Supanova Comic Con & Gaming tours in both Brisbane and Adelaide.
click to enlarge A screen shot from the AJ+ interview with Amal Chammout.
The city of Dearborn recently instated Amal Chammout as an officer. Why's this a big deal? Well, she's the first person in the country to don a uniform and a hijab at the same time. In an interview with AJ+, the 23-year-old says she's "just like any other officer. There's no difference between me and anybody else that works."People of Arab descent make up over 40 percent of Dearborn's population, so seeing a woman wearing a hijab while on the job shouldn't come as a shockIn the same interview, Dearborn Police Chief Ronald Haddad sings Chammout's praises, saying, "Amal is a very educated woman. She has confidence. She also has compassion for the people she serves." And that's a lesson some of our other local police officers could learn Chammout started her career as an intern and has worked her way up. While working as an ordinance officer (mostly passing out parking tickets), she's also finishing up her masters degree in criminal justice.Watch the whole interview below.
Starbreeze AB, one of Sweden's leading independent game developers, today announced the extension to the original agreement with 505 Games, a Digital Bros subsidiary, to cover an additional 24 months starting April 1, 2015. The agreement covers the further development of PAYDAY 2 and its expansions on PC and next-gen consoles.
[icon color=”Extra-Color-1″ size=”tiny” image=”fa-file-text-o”] Download the pressrelease: 2015-03-23 Starbreeze AB extends collaboration with DigitalBros
The agreement gives Starbreeze a non-recoupable funding of 13,4 MUSD over the period; with an additional recoupable royalty of 1,4 MUSD for further development of PAYDAY 2: Crimewave Edition. The new agreement supersedes the previously communicated on December 18, 2013. In addition, the exclusive publishing rights under the original agreement remains unchanged but have been extended for an additional 10 years until 2032.
In addition the board has been informed that Digital Bros has agreed to acquire from Varvtre AB a total of 3,872,722 Starbreeze AB common shares for USD 5 million in three steps during 2015, equal to 2,67% of the company.
“We've said that we'll never stop making PAYDAY and the board is extremely happy to see where the franchise is today. The strategic partnership with 505 Games continues to strengthen us and the PAYDAY investment alone doubles down on our previous spend. We will yet again see the PAYDAY franchise being expanded with more heists, weapons, characters and even new game modes such as driving cars. PAYDAY as a franchise is here to stay and with it we are building a solid financial foundation for the company for years to come.” – said Michael Hjorth, Chairman of Starbreeze AB in regards to the extended PAYDAY 2 agreement. Commenting on the Varvtre shares acquisition by Digital Bros Bo Andersson Klint, CEO of Starbreeze AB said – “With this investment I feel Digital Bros proves their long term belief in Starbreeze and in its brands. As the largest owner, it's very reassuring to get another strong partner to support our future success.”
###
For more information please contact:
Starbreeze Press Contact: Almir Listo, Global Brand Director, Starbreeze AB. Tel: +46(0)8-209 208, email: press@starbreeze.com
Starbreeze Investor Relations Contact: Maeva Sponbergs, Investor Relations, Starbreeze AB. Tel: +46(0)8-209 208, email: ir@starbreeze.com
Brief information about Starbreeze:
Starbreeze is an independent creator, publisher and distributor of high quality entertainment products, headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden. At Starbreeze we create games by our own design and through licensed content, establishing franchises that can live and prosper outside the game itself. We live and die by gameplay.
Starbreeze is pioneering digital self-publishing, currently hosting one of the largest community groups on the digital distribution platform Steam. Starbreeze's most recent products include PAYDAY 2, our adrenaline fuelled bank robbing co-op game and the critically acclaimed Brothers – A Tale of Two Sons.
Starbreeze AB is publicly traded on Nasdaq Stockholm First North Premier under the ticker STAR and the ISIN code: SE0005992831. Remium Nordic is the company Certified Adviser. Starbreeze brands include OVERKILL Software and the PAYDAY series.
For more information, please visit http://www.test.starbreeze.com.
Brief information about Digital Bros:
Listed on the STAR segment of the Italian Stock Exchange, the Digital Bros Group is a global company active since 1989 in game entertainment, developing, publishing and distributing worldwide entertainment content – videogames – through the different available channels: mobile and social, digital-web, retail.
The Digital Bros Group is today active worldwide, through its offices in Italy, the United States, Great Britain, France, Spain, and Germany, with roughly 250 employees.
The Headquarters of the Group is in Milan, from where all activities are coordinated. The structure works on the 3 main markets of development, publishing and distribution, through the brands 505 Games, 505 Mobile and Halifax.
For more information: http://www.digitalbros.com
Government Policy Leading to Persecution of Christians
Most Americans are Christians.
But few know that the acts of our American government are leading to the persecution of Christians in numerous countries.
According to the Vatican's official news service – Fides – and many other Christian news sources, the Syrian opposition is targeting Christians. Priests and bishops on the ground in Syria confirm these reports.
As a Syrian priest writes in the Guardian:
Despite what you might read in much of the western media, Syria is an enlightened, secular society with a deeply spiritual core and the common belief is that Syria is for everybody. A fundamentalist state would destroy the traditions of co-existence and religious harmony that have existed here since the fall of the Ottoman Empire nearly 100 years ago. Syrian independence was won with the blood of all Syrians – Muslim, Christian, Druze, Alawite and Kurdish.
As BBC notes:
Syria has for much of the century had a sizeable Christian minority, making up at least 10% of the population. *** In recent years Syria has been considered one of the easier Middle Eastern countries for Christians to live in. Power is concentrated in the hands of the Alawite minority – a Shia sect considered heretical by many Muslims – which has clamped down hard on extreme forms of Islam.
Indeed, PBS reports that Syrian Christians are accepting arms from the government to protect themselves against Islamic terrorists.
Similarly, for all his faults, Saddam was a secular ruler who tolerated Christians … but Christians have been persecuted by the post-Saddam regime.
As the Syrian priest notes:
In Iraq, after the fall of Saddam Hussein, western allies admitted that they had no postwar plan and many have paid the price for this – especially the Iraqi minorities; since Saddam fell, hundreds of thousands of Christians as well as Muslims have fled Iraq in the face of sectarian violence and terrorism. Now, people are calling for a regime change in Syria without a clear plan for what should happen next. Should the minorities pay the same price in Syria?
BBC points out:
A rise in attacks on Christians after the US-led invasion in 2003 led to up to half the Christian population leaving, although there are no official statistics.
The Guardian reports:
In 2003 … the number of Chaldeans, the Christian Iraqis, was between 800,000 and 1.4 million. In 2009-2010, it was estimated are between 400,000 and 500,000, and rapidly decreasing. Cairo's violent repression shows a similar process is under way in Egypt as well, where they still represent roughly 10% of the population.
Similarly, Christians were protected – or at least tolerated – by Libya's secular leader Gaddaffi. A Roman Catholic priest told Christian News Service:
Under Gaddafi, we've been protected.
And Christianity is an officially-recognized and protected religion in Iran. BBC points out:
Iran's traditional Christian populations are recognised in the constitution, guaranteed freedom to worship and allocated seats in the parliament ….
But the U.S. government is supporting – with money, arms, and logistical support– Al Qaeda and other Islamic terrorist groups in a number of nations.
The U.S. is:
Supporting Al Qaeda and other terrorists in Syria
Funding terrorist groups in Iran
And the U.S. supports Saudi Arabia as one of our closest allies, even though:
Saudi Arabia restricts all religions other than Islam, including the possession of religious items such as the Bible, crucifixes, and Stars of David
Christians are arrested and lashed in public for practicing their faith openly
Muslims are forbidden to convert to another religion. If one does so and does not recant, they may be executed
A 9/11 Commissioner and Co-Chair of the Congressional Inquiry into 9/11 say in sworn declarations that the Saudi government is linked to the 9/11 attacks
Note: This post focuses on Christians, but a similar analysis could be applied to Jews. For example, Iran – which has the largest Jewish population in the Muslim world – has a constitution which officially protects Jews.
Experiment
The experimental apparatus is described in detail in37. Initially 87Rb atoms are cooled in a combined 2D and 3D MOT system and subsequently cooled further by RF (radio frequency) evaporation. The cloud is then loaded into a cross-beam optical dipole trap for the final evaporation stage. It is this stage that is the subject of the optimization process. At this point, the sample contains 4 × 107 atoms at a temperature of ~5 μK with a phase space density of ~0.05. The cross dipole trap is formed from two intersecting 1090 nm and 1064 nm lasers with approximate waists of 350 μm and 300 μm respectively producing a trap with frequencies 185 × 185 × 40 Hz. The depth of the cross trap is determined by the intensity of the two beams and is found to be approximately 70 μK. The 1064 nm beam is controlled by varying the current to the laser, while the 1090 nm beam is controlled using the current and a waveplate rotation stage combined with a polarizing beamsplitter to provide additional power attenuation while maintaining mode stability. A diagram of the experimental set up is shown in Fig. 1. Normally the power to these beams is ramped down over time, thereby lowering the walls of the trap and allowing the higher energy atoms to leak out. The remaining atoms rethermalize to a lower temperature, enabling cooling. Once the gas has been cooled to temperatures on the order of nK, a phase transition occurs, and a macroscopic number of atoms start to occupy the same quantum state. This transition is called Bose-Einstein condensation38. We hand over control of these ramps to the MLOO. We consider two parameterizations: one simple, where we only control the start and end points of a linear interpolation; and one complex, where we add variable quadratic, cubic and quartic corrections to the simple case (see Supplemental Equations).
Figure 1: The experiment and the ‘learner' form a closed loop. The learner produces a parameter set, X, for the experiment to test, these are converted into cooling ramps and used to perform an experiment. After the evaporation process is finished, an image of the cold atoms taken is used to calculate a cost function based on its quality as a resource C(X). C(X) is then fed back to the learner. The learner uses a GP to model the relationship between the input parameter values and the cost function values produced by the experiment. This model depends on a set of correlation lengths, or hyperparameters. Part (a) of the figure plots a set of observed costs (black circles with bars for uncertainty) with three possible GP models fit to the data: one with a long correlation length (red dotted), a medium correlation (blue solid) and a short correlation length (green dashed). Each GP is illustrated by a mean cost function bracketed by two curves indicating the function +/− one standard deviation from the mean. The correlation lengths affect both the mean and uncertainty of the model; note that the uncertainty approaches zero near the observed points. A final cost function is produced as a weighted average over the correlation lengths. This model is used to pick the next parameters X for the experiment. Full size image
Performance Measure
The approach we propose is a form of supervised learning, meaning that we provide the learner with a number that quantifies the quality of the resource produced or in optimization terminology a cost that must be minimized. Naïvely one might try to use a measure based on temperature and particle number. However determining these quantities accurately near condensation is difficult when constrained to very few runs per parameter set. Instead, a technique was created to measure the width of the edges of the cloud. For thermal clouds this edge is broad, but as the sample cools and condenses these edges become sharper. To quantify this, an absorption image of the final state of the quantum gas is taken after a 30 ms expansion of the cloud, with the image providing the optical depth as a function of space. This absorption image is taken at resonance, resulting in saturation of the image (see Fig. 2). Whilst this makes determining peak density difficult, it ensures that the edges of the cloud are accurately determined. The cost is then calculated from all data between a lower and upper threshold optical depth. The lower threshold is determined by the noise in the system. The upper threshold is set slightly lower than the saturation level of the image. Only data from between the bounds is used and the cost is simply the average of these values. In practice this means the sharper the edges of the cloud, the lower the cost. Indeed, low quality thermal clouds have broad edges, whereas the ideal BEC has much sharper edges. Each parameter set is tested twice with the average of the two runs used for the cost. Tests of the variation in cost for a set of parameters run-to-run indicate they obey a Gaussian distribution. As such we are able to estimate the uncertainty from two runs as twice the range. In doing so, the chance we have underestimated the uncertainty will be 27%. We therefore also apply bounds to the uncertainty to eliminate outliers overly affecting the modeling process. The cost function can be evaluated as long as some atoms are present at the end of the evaporation run. In cases where the evaporation parameters produced no cloud twice for a set of parameters, we set the cost to a default high value.
Figure 2: The optimization of the evaporation stage of creating a BEC using the complex 16 parameter schemes. The first 20 evaluations are an initial training run using a simple Nelder-Mead algorithm. The machine learning algorithm (green) then quickly optimizes to BEC. The insets show the different regimes experienced by the experiment, from a completely Gaussian thermal distribution, through the bimodal distribution containing a thermal background to the sharp edged BEC. The included cross-section illustrates how the cost decreases as the edges of the cloud get sharper. Full size image
Algorithm
We treat the experiment as a stochastic process which is dependent on the parameters X = (x 1 ,…, x M ). When we make a measurement and determine a cost, we interpret this as a sample of this process C(X) with some associated uncertainty U(X). We define the set of all parameters, costs and uncertainty previously measured as , and respectively and collectively refer to these sets as our observations . The aim of OO is to use previous observations to plan future experiments in order to find a set of parameters that minimize the mean cost of the stochastic process . Unique to the MLOO approach, we first make an estimate of the stochastic process given our observations , which is then used to determine what parameters to try next.
We model as a GP–a distribution over functions–with constant mean function and covariance defined by a squared exponential correlation function where H = (h 1 , …, h M ) is a set of correlation lengths for each of the parameters. The mean function conditional on the observations and correlation lengths H of our GP is: , which is evaluated through a set of matrix operations26 (see Supplemental Equations). As we are using a GP, we can also get the variance of the functions conditioned on and H: 26. Both of these estimates depend on the correlation lengths H, normally referred to as the hyperparameters of our estimate. We assume that H is not known a priori and needs to be fitted online.
The correlation lengths H control the sensitivity of the model to each of the parameters, and relates to how much a parameter needs to be changed before it has a significant effect on the cost (see Fig. 1). A standard approach to fit H is maximum likelihood estimation26. Here, the hyperparameters are globally optimized over the likelihood of the parameters H given our observations , or 26 (see Supplemental Equations). However, when the data set is small there will often be multiple local optima for the hyperparameters whose likelihoods are comparable to the maximum. We term these hyperparameters the hypothesis set with corresponding likelihood set .
To produce our final estimates for the mean function and variance we treat each hypothesis as a particle30, and perform a weighted average over . The weighted mean function is now defined as and weighted variance of the functions is , where are the relative weights for the hyperparameters. Now that we have our final estimate for , we need to determine an optimization strategy for picking the next set of parameters to test.
Consider the following two strategies: We could always test parameters that are predicted to minimize , making our learner act as an ‘optimizer'. But this learner could get trapped in local minima and re-enforce its ignorance; Or we could test parameters that maximize (i.e. where we are most uncertain), this would provide us with experimental data that helps us best refine our model and discriminate between the hypotheses, making our learner act like a ‘scientist'. But this learner may require a large number of trials to map the space and would not prioritize refinement of the global minima. We chose to implement a balanced strategy that repeatably sweeps between these two extremes by minimizing a biased cost function: , where the value for b is linearly increased from 0 to 1 in a cycle of length Q. During testing with synthetic data, we found sweeping the learner between acting like a ‘scientist' (b = 0) and an ‘optimizer' (b = 1) was more robust and efficient than fixing the learner to one strategy. When we minimized we also put bounds, set to 20% of the parameters maximum-minimum values, on the search relative to the last best measured X. We call these bounds a leash, as it restricts how fast the learner could change the parameters but did not stop it from exploring the full space (similar to trust-regions39,40). This was a technical requirement for our experiment: when a set of parameters was tested that was very different from the last set, the experiment almost always produced no atoms, meaning we had to assign a default cost that did not provide meaningful gradient information to the learner. Once the next set of parameters is determined they are sent to the experiment to be tested. After the resultant cost is measured this is then added to the observation set with N → N + 1 and the entire process is repeated.
As a benchmark for comparison, we also performed OO using a Nelder-Mead solver41, which has previously been used to optimize quantum gates25.
President Trump's former deputy campaign manager said Thursday that an ex-Obama administration official who admitted former colleagues tried to gather intelligence on Trump team ties to Russia should be subpoenaed by Congress “immediately.”
“That is just a devastating admission right there,” said David Bossie, a Fox News contributor who was a top official with Trump's 2016 campaign.
The comments come after Evelyn Farkas, deputy assistant secretary of defense under then-President Barack Obama, discussed collection efforts by her colleagues during a March 2 interview with MSNBC's Mika Brzezinski.
Bossie told "Fox & Friends" the heads of the House and Senate Russia investigations should be “calling her today.”
“They need to be sending her a subpoena, they need to be deposing her immediately,” he said.
“They need to be sending her a subpoena, they need to be deposing her immediately.” — David Bossie, former Trump campaign official
Farkas defended herself on Twitter, saying she didn't personally “give anybody anything except advice” on Russia information and wanted Congress to ask for facts.
During the MSNBC interview, Farkas, who is now a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council and MSNBC analyst, said she was urging former colleagues and “people on the Hill” to “get as much information as you can, get as much intelligence as you can, before President Obama leaves the administration.”
She continued, “Because I had a fear that somehow that information would disappear with the senior [Obama] people who left, so it would be hidden away in the bureaucracy ... that the Trump folks – if they found out how we knew what we knew about their ... the Trump staff dealing with Russians – that they would try to compromise those sources and methods, meaning we no longer have access to that intelligence.”
Farkas served as deputy assistant secretary of defense for Russia/Ukraine/Eurasia under Obama, and parted ways with the White House in 2015.
Her blunt comments come as lawmakers on Capitol Hill clash over House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes' claim last week that surveillance operations incidentally collected Trump team communications during the transition. Critics have accused Nunes of carrying water for Trump and called on him to recuse himself from Russia matters, but Nunes and his congressional allies have pushed back.
Aside from questions over whether communications were improperly gathered during the transition and before, there is speculation over how widely such information was disseminated. Farkas fueled those concerns by describing a rush to spread the material before Trump took office.
"So I became very worried because not enough was coming out into the open and I knew that there was more. We have very good intelligence on Russia," she said. "So then I had talked to some of my former colleagues and I knew that they were trying to also help get information to the Hill. That's why you have the leaking."
As someone who follows both the information security industry and Major League Baseball, I've been fascinated this week by the numerous parallels between two seemingly dissimilar news events: the 2014 RSA Conference boycott and the 2014 MLB Hall of Fame voting.
Both baseball and information security have devolved into a 'Who do you trust?' guessing game.
For those just tuning in, a December Reuters report alleged that RSA signed a $10-million contract with the National Security Agency (NSA) to set the flawed Dual_EC_DRBG pseudorandom number-generating algorithm as the default option for number generation in its BSAFE cryptographic library product, meaning the NSA may have been able to access data encrypted using that algorithm. Naturally, this has caused some to question the integrity of RSA's products (for the second time in just a few years, following the SecurID breach) and its actions.
In response to these events, some believe the best way to voice displeasure with RSA is to boycott the 2014 RSA Conference, which of course is the infosec industry's biggest annual confab. At least eight speakers have already cancelled their talks, though it's unclear how many attendees might stay home.
Over in the baseball world, the 2014 inductees to the MLB Hall of Fame (HoF) were announced this week, preceded by the usual rancorous discourse over which players are (or aren't) deserving of the honor, whether the use of (or suspicion of using) performance-enhancing drugs should affect a player's eligibility for induction, and even who should be doing the voting. These controversies were amplified this year thanks to one voter who allowed visitors to a sports website to make his picks.
While the two storylines seemingly have little in common, I have been struck by the contradictory themes they share: guilt and innocence, trust and betrayal, posturing and sincerity, and perhaps, ultimately, condemnation and forgiveness.
Baseball's steroids era has cast a sickly pallor on the would-be golden busts of so many great players. Because suspicion looms large around players like pitcher Roger Clemens and catcher Mike Piazza, even though the evidence that they used banned substances is suspect, their HoF candidacies are in serious jeopardy not because of their guilt, but because of the suspicion of guilt.
RSA also finds itself mired in the unenviable realm of guilt by association. The NSA, for all the good work it does in promoting information security best practices, has rapidly become an industry pariah in light of its deliberate efforts to undermine industry cryptography standards. Even though RSA has denied the allegations in the Reuters story, many believe the circumstantial evidence, accusing RSA of malfeasance all the same.
Both baseball and information security have devolved into a "Who do you trust?" guessing game. Without a confession or a failed drug test, it's impossible to know with certainty which baseball players cheated, but fans and writers alike banter endlessly and shamelessly about who used and who didn't, and HoF voters each have their own subjective formula for deciding which of the alleged users are worthy of induction.
In light of the NSA allegations, the question for enterprises isn't about BSAFE or SecurID, but about the company itself. Can RSA be trusted? Many have concluded it can't and that participating in the RSA Conference is akin to letting bygones be bygones. They know they can't trust their governments, but they should at least be able to trust their security vendors.
I think these folks have a point. Corporations like RSA exist for one reason: to make money for their shareholders. When their products, policies and even people threaten that objective, change comes quickly. While the RSA Conference operates independently from the rest of the RSA business, I have no doubt that Art Coviello and Joe Tucci will notice if the RSA Conference makes less money this year because fewer attendees are there to buy the vendor's wares, and it annoys me that some don't respect the decision to boycott.
That said, historically speaking, not showing up hasn't been an effective method of inciting societal change. From the Boston Tea Party to the Tea Party Movement and all the civil rights, anti-war and other protests in between, the best way to rally for change is through a visible, thoughtful and respectful gathering of individuals.
So I'm somewhat disappointed that those looking to send RSA a message couldn't find a better way. I would have liked to see a sidewalk sit-in outside the Moscone Center in San Francisco, or even a few hundred people wearing "BLEEP RSA!" T-shirts. Staying home is the least creative way to get RSA to increase transparency and change the way it does business with the U.S. government.
The security industry is still in the early innings of this game, and RSA is merely the latest to be called out. I can't cry "foul" against anyone who goes to bat against the governments' ongoing assault against security and privacy, but I'm still waiting for someone to hit a good, clean home run.
Eric B. Parizo is Executive Editor of SearchSecurity. Read more of his articles here.
The Inglewood Police Department announced today that the Department of Justice is investigating the agency in the wake of several officer-involved shootings of unarmed suspects and other incidents.
According to the department's website, the investigation would include "past procedures and tactics used by Inglewood police officers involving use of force." It's at least the second ongoing investigation into the department. Already, the L.A. Sheriff's Office of Independent Review is probing the department's tactics. (For the record: An earlier version of this post said that in addition to the investigation by the Department of Justice, the state attorney general's office and L.A. Sheriff's Office of Independent Review were probing the Inglewood Police Department's tactics. The attorney general's office is not investigating the Inglewood department.)
The Justice Department told the city in March that it was beginning an investigation, and Police Chief Jacqueline Seabrooks said she would cooperate fully, the website said. Officials at the Justice Department could not immediately be reached for comment.
A Times investigation found that over the last six years, Inglewood police officers have repeatedly resorted to physical or deadly force against suspects who were unarmed or accused of minor offenses.
Pochettino: Kane ‘has skills that are similar' to former national team-mateSpurs boss open to Kane playing in June's European Under-21 Championship
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has likened Harry Kane to former Argentina team-mate Gabriel Batistuta – and insisted he will be there to help him when things do not go to plan.
Kane has scored 27 goals for his club this season, and found the net on his full international debut, just 79 seconds after coming on against Lithuania at Wembley last Friday night.
England boss Roy Hodgson is mindful of keeping expectations in check for Kane, who has enjoyed a meteoric rise after finally breaking into the Spurs first-team following loan spells at Leicester, Norwich, Millwall and Leyton Orient.
Former Argentina international Pochettino knows lows can come just as quickly as highs, and says he will be ready to offer Kane advice whenever it is needed.
“Harry Kane has skills that are similar to different players, including Batistuta. The challenge is doing it all again next season,” said Pochettino, who faced England in the 2002 World Cup alongside the renowned Argentina forward.
“Now it is up to him. Harry knows the way to improve his ability. He is in a very good moment to keep working hard and develop his game.
“You need to wait for the right moment to give a player the responsibility because sometimes we can see a player is ready, but not quite complete to assume the responsibility and keep the same level.
“Big players always have a good first season - like Wayne Rooney, after his first season a lot of people maybe had doubts about the next one, but this is football.
“It is not easy when the player goes down, this is our challenge, but not only with Harry, with all players. There may be people who doubt him about next season, but the people that know him understand, like us, know that Harry can keep the level he has shown.”
England boss Hodgson wants Kane to continue his international development with the Under-21side this summer, after helping Gareth Southgate's team qualify unbeaten for June's European Championship in the Czech Republic.
Spurs, meanwhile, are set for an end-of-season trip to Sydney for a match at the ANZ Stadium on May 30, with Kane expected to feature.
Pochettino, though, believes with the right discussions a positive solution for all parties can be found to avoid any potential of player burnout.
The Tottenham manager said: “It is only one week in Sydney. We need to analyse after the holidays, the amount of rest he will need. Different players need different amounts of rest, so we will have a lot of different dates for players to start their pre-season.”
1 Step 1
As any meat-lover will readily agree to, one of the most unsettling things about the 21st century is the fact that a few ounces of beef jerky—easily the greatest foodstuff of all time—can cost as much as six or seven dollars. If you're like us, that just won't do.
Instead, using a method adapted from the great jerky enthusiast Alton Brown, we'll walk you through how to create pounds of stunningly good beef jerky at a mere fraction of the market price. You'll need only some beef, a few marinating ingredients, a box fan, and a couple of cellulose air-filters that you can buy at any hardware store.
Before we start: You should know that beef jerky is not only absurdly easy to make, but it's also one of the few ways to prepare uncooked meat that's safe to eat. Like smoking or salting, letting thin strips dry out actually preserves and sterilizes meat. The reason is simple: Most meat-eating microbes need water, and making jerky involves little more than removing all the moisture from beef. Properly prepared and stored, uncooked beef jerky will stay preserved for years.
Depending on what cut of meat you use, your jerky can vary dramatically in flavor. You're going to want to pick a very lean cut of beef (resist the knee-jerk reaction to find a well marbled hunk of meat) that can be cut in thin strips along the grain. Here, I'm using 4.5 lbs of top-round steak. I'd suggest that, or eye-of-round steak. Both work great.
Authorities on Sunday confirmed that a man in California was shot 10 times with a military-style assault rifle while he was standing outside a fast food restaurant.
A county Medical Examiner's office report obtained by KNSD indicated that a 43-year-old victim died after being gunned down in the parking lot of Carls' Jr. on Sweetwater Road in National City on Saturday.
Police Lt. Robert Rounds said that the victim had been hit with 10 rounds at range of less than 15 feet. The man later died after being taken to UCSD Medical Center. His identity had not been released.
Muhammed Camran and Michael Ybarra were at a nearby golf court when they heard the gunshots.
“We were over here at the golf course just hitting some balls and we hear a loud ‘boom,'” Camran explained. “The first one was really distinctive like ‘boom-boom-boom-boom' and we kind of ducked because it was out of nowhere.”
Police believe the gunman was Hispanic and wearing a black hooded sweatshirt. He reportedly fled in a white 1970s or 1980s pickup truck with a red stripe.
Watch this video from KNSH, broadcast March 24, 2013.
View more videos at: //nbcsandiego.com.
Talks between Independent Ministers and Fine Gael today will seek to defuse a growing crisis in Government over how to respond to the European Commission's €13 billion tax ruling against Apple over its operations in Ireland.
Independent Ministers yesterday refused a request from Minister for Finance Michael Noonan and Taoiseach Enda Kenny to agree an appeal against the ruling.
Fine Gael Ministers now say that the split threatens the future of the Government, and that if agreement is not reached to appeal against the tax decision, then the collapse of the Government and a general election is in prospect.
Apple ruling
It is understood Minister for Transport Shane Ross was yesterday granted access to a number of confidential documents dealing with taxation.
At the end of a lengthy Cabinet meeting yesterday, variously described by Ministers as “tense” and “frustrating”, both sides agreed to adjourn the meeting until tomorrow.
It is expected that there will be further meetings today between Ministers and officials in an effort to reach agreement before tomorrow. Fine Gael is insisting that a decision to back the appeal must be reached then.
A statement issued in Government Buildings yesterday evening said it was “agreed to adjourn the meeting to allow further time to reflect on the issues and to clarify a number of legal and technical issues with the Attorney General's office and with officials.
“The Government meeting will resume on Friday at 11am to make a decision on the matter.”
After reserving their position on Tuesday, Mr Ross and Minister of State Finian McGrath hardened their position yesterday, insisting on the Dáil being recalled in return for their support for an appeal.
Sources familiar with events yesterday said Minister for Children Katherine Zappone also expressed firm opposition to approving an appeal and sought time to consider the ruling.
Tax justice
A Fine Gael Minister, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Mr Kenny and Fine Gael Ministers did not object to a recall of the Dáil but insisted the Government first make a decision on an appeal.
If such a decision is reached the Dáil may be recalled to debate a motion approving the Government's approach. Fine Gael Ministers resisted any recall in advance of the Cabinet's decision on the appeal being made, he said.
“The Independent Alliance needed a win on an issue that will be very tricky for it,” said a Fine Gael Minister, “and that [win] is the Dáil being recalled.”
Also yesterday, the Government revealed Mr Kenny had a phone conversation with Apple chief executive Tim Cook last Sunday, at Mr Cook's request, ahead of the ruling.
It said, during the call, Mr Cook recommitted himself to the company's operations in Ireland, and Mr Kenny expressed support for Apple's presence here.
Sen. Chuck Schumer said on Sunday that he's working on finding some version of a universal background check bill that could be acceptable to the requisite sixty senators, but that could be quite a job considering the backlash his wildly restrictive first go-round inspired. On his own Sunday appearance, Sen. Graham insisted that there's nothing in the current gun-control bill that would have prevented the mass shooting at Newtown, and that it seems a little nonsensical to move forward on expanding background checks to further burden law-abiding private individuals when the current system is only tepidly enforced at best. Via The Hill:
Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) on Sunday blasted Democratic efforts to pass new gun control laws, vowing that a bill Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) plans to bring to the floor next month was “going nowhere.” … “The current system is broken,” Graham said on CNN's “State of the Union.” “Why in the world would you expand that system if you're not enforcing the law that exists today to include private transfers [for background checks]? So I think that legislation is going nowhere, but I'd like to have a robust debate about improving the system.”
And there undoubtedly will be, since Reid is definitely looking to move forward on the gun-control issue in the coming weeks, sans the assault-weapons ban, and there are several Republicans who'd be open to “some type” of background check related legislation. Of course, I'm sure we can all look forward to Reid going about this one of the only ways they know how: By taking a leaf out of the president's playbook and demagoguing the heck out of it.
BAR: Yoenis Cespedes fits Reds, but do Reds fit Sox?
Boston Red Sox left fielder Yoenis Cespedes (52) was all smiles after scoring on a two-run home run by first baseman Mike Napoli (12) in the fifth inning at Great American Ball Park. (Photo: The Enquirer/Jeff Swinger)
Red Sox left fielder Yoenis Cespedes was on the trading block before Boston's big weekend spending spree, and now it seems they've pushed him out the door, just waiting for a place to put him.
Is Cincinnati the place?
Well, it seems like a logical fit for the Reds — a power-hitting left fielder who could take advantage of Great American Ball Park.
With the Red Sox reportedly signing both Pablo Sandoval and Hanley Ramirez, that means Sandoval will likely be at third and Ramirez in left — leaving Cespedes the odd man out.
But the Red Sox want pitching — and they gave up Jon Lester (although just for a half-season) to get Cespedes, so it's not like they're looking for mid-line starting pitching. They're likely looking for elite pitching.
The Reds have an elite pitcher in Johnny Cueto — but it seems unlikely they'll part with him, and they're also hopefully he'll re-sign with the Reds.
In a world where Mat Latos hasn't ended the last two seasons hurt and started last season on the DL, it could be enough to get it done. Of course, that's a world where the Reds probably beat the Giants one out of three games at home in 2012 — we don't live in either of those worlds.
Maybe the Red Sox have hurt their leverage enough with the free-agent signings that they'd take that risk — it doesn't seem likely, but maybe it's possible.
If Cueto were to be dealt, Latos has the potential to step up and be the No. 1 — but if no other team is willing to take that bet, should the Reds? They have more info on Latos, but they're also taking the risk.
Mike Leake and Alfredo Simon are good pitchers, both had solid 2014 seasons and will make some money as free agents after 2015. But neither seems to be the type that gets you an All-Star left fielder. And remember, the Red Sox are looking for front-line starting; even if they re-sign Lester, they'll still be looking for a No. 2.
Sending one of the non-Cueto starters to Boston and a prospect to try to get Cespedes doesn't make sense either, because then you're down two spots — one for 2014 and one for beyond. Even when you "go for it," you know there's a future behind that year you're going for it in.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Bengals Beat newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Bengals Beat Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
And say there's a chance the Reds do deal Cueto, to do that, they wouldn't be doing it for a one-year rental. There's a better chance to re-sign Cueto than to re-sign Cespedes, just because Cueto has said he likes it here, he's comfortable here and would prefer to stay. That can always be said — and it seems unlikely they'd be able to afford them, but I feel much better about their chances of getting a long-term deal with Cueto right now than I did of them getting a deal done with Bailey at this time last year.
So, anyway, back to dealing Cueto, that wouldn't be for the likes of Cespedes, but… and I don't see this happening, if the Red Sox wanted Cueto, the asking price would likely be more like Xander Bogaerts — and that's an intriguing prospect, one that makes more sense for the Reds than Cueto-Cespedes.
Or, maybe the Red Sox keep Cespedes and deal Allen Craig — he is a former Cardinal, and that's seemed to be a recent trend — at a much lower asking price. Could Leake get you Craig? Maybe.
This much I'm pretty sure about at this point, the Reds starting left fielder on April 6 against the Pirates is probably not on the roster right now.
LINKS AND SUCH
• I'm pretty fascinated by this list — it's the top 250 baseball players of all time — including players from Japan and the Negro Leagues.
There's a ton of fascinating stuff in here, but here's one that blew me away, in the discussion of Barry Bonds:
"According to the book Game of Shadows Bonds started juicing after the 1998 season. Prior to that point he was a lean five-tool-player, who was already one of the best players ever to play the game. He had won three MVP awards, eight Gold Gloves, and was chosen as an All-Star on eight occasions. His career slash line was.290/.411/.556 which converts to an OPS+ of 164 (Pujols' is 162). He had 411 home runs, 445 stolen bases, and 403 doubles. Here's the list of players who have also accomplished all of those things. His career WAR was 99.6, that alone would rank 10th among integration era position players."
• I'd never heard the story of the response from then-Mariners GM Bill Bavasi, who was with the Reds until recently, when Marlins president David Samson criticized the five-year deal he gave Ichiro Suzuki in 2007. Samson, who signed Giancarlo Stanton to a 13-year, $325-million contract last week, then called the $90-million Ichiro deal "the end of the world as we know it." In a blog post on last week, Fox Sports' Ken Rosenthal remembered Bavasi's response:
"My mother always taught me that if the only thing you have to say is, '---- Dave Samson,' then don't say anything at all. So, I'm not going to say anything at all. Is my mother the greatest or what?"
Amazing. As a reporter, you dream of just one quote like this in your career.
And I Googled the quote to check it out, and although one spot I noticed used the quote as "Screw Dave Samson" — I noticed the original story was from the Seattle Post-Intelligencer and the byline was from a friend and asked him if the original quote was the F word, he said it was. That's one of my new all-time favorite quotes. Just glorious.
• Milwaukee is getting the National Bobblehead Hall of Fame and Museum in 2016. [BizJournals.com]
• It's a good thing I'm not going to be covering the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge anytime soon, it's unlikely I'd pass the dress code. [Jezebel.com]
• This is important — the best airport food in America by Thrillist. I will say this about IAH, they have Shipley Donuts and I was able to have kolaches for breakfast today, and this is important. Also, check out Varasano's in Atlanta, if you have time. (I didn't know there was a Matt's Big Breakfast in PHX, I usually just leave really early and go to the regular one on my way to the airport.)
• An interesting Q&A with the founder of Under Armour and how he built his business -- and it reveals that there's a "U" in Armour because he was worried the Internet would be a fad. [Washington Post]
• So, a producer from "The Voice" thinks Jason Isbell has some promise as a singer — that guy sure does know his music. [Rollng Stone]
And just to show, here's Isbell from the Americana Music Awards:
• And then there's J Mascis, who despite being a favorite of mine, is probably in no danger of being asked to be on The Voice.
• And a programming note -- I'm on vacation for Thanksgiving and a little bit beyond, so no BAR for a while. Will be in Tampa for the Bengals-Bucs, then be back in time for Redsfest and the Winter Meetings. The BAR will likely return after the Winter Meetings, though there will be other blog-type stuff going down here.
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1r2C7cb
Source: Xinhua| 2017-09-18 04:02:26|Editor: Yurou
Video Player Close
HELSINKI, Sept. 17 (Xinhua) -- Renewable energy sources will exceed the level of fossil sources in Finland next year thanks to current investments, an expert said on Sunday.
Markku Alm, a senior official at the southwestern Finland development center for business and environment, told national broadcaster Yle that the newly launched bio-product plant in Aanekoski, central Finland, and the replacement of the Naantali coal burning power plant with a multi-material power plant later this year will change the situation.
Additional wind-powered plants will be starting as well, Alm added.
The current Finnish government has earlier set the target that renewable energy sources would cover half of Finnish energy production by 2030.
Ilkka Hamala, CEO of Metsa Fibre, said the company's new biomass plant in Aanekoski will increase the relative share of renewable energy by 2 percentage points.
But he warned that "biomass will simply not suffice" to keep up continued growth in renewable energy. He predicted that the growth of renewable energy sources will continue as a strong trend, but it must be based on "a wide array of various tools".
He reminded that the share of nuclear power will be important in Finland both for the energy security and with a view to repelling the climate change.
In 2016, the share of renewable sources was 34 percent and the fossil sources 38 percent. The rest was other sources like nuclear and peat.
The consumption of energy in Finland per inhabitant is the largest in the European Union. The reasons are the country's energy intense industries, cold climate and long transport routes in the wide but sparsely populated country.
Check out the WONDERFUL, GLORIOUS reaction THE REVIEWS ARE IN!Check out the WONDERFUL, GLORIOUS reaction HERE Available at: EELS Online Stores
iTunes
Amazon Physical
Amazon MP3 WONDERFUL, GLORIOUS
01 bombs away
02 kinda fuzzy
03 accident prone
04 peach blossom
05 on the ropes
06 the turnaround
07 new alphabets
08 stick together
09 true original
10 open my present
11 you're my friend
12 i am building a shrine
13 wonderful, glorious
DELUXE EDITION BONUS DISC
01 hold on to your hat
02 your mama warned you
03 i'm your brave little soldier
04 there's something strange
05 happy hours (we're gonna rock)
06 that's not really funny (live 2011)
07 in my dreams (live 2010)
08 prizefighters (live 2010)
09 looking up (live 2011)
10 what I have to offer (live at KEXP)
11 i like the way this is going (live at KEXP)
12 12 spectacular girls (live at KEXP)
13 summer in the city (live at KEXP)
EELS have had one of the most consistently acclaimed careers in music. The ever-changing project of principal singer/songwriter Mark Oliver Everett, aka E, EELS have released nine studio albums since their 1996 debut, Beautiful Freak. Mojo Magazine calls Everett "a member of rock's very own League of Extraordinary Gentlemen," while legendary troubadour Tom Waits says he "eagerly awaits each new release." In 2008 Everett published his highly-acclaimed book Things the Grandchildren Should Know and starred in the award-winning Parallel Worlds, Parallel Lives documentary about the search to understand his quantum physicist father, Hugh Everett III. in 2009 EELS began the release of an album trilogy: Hombre Lobo, End Times, and Tomorrow Morning. "One of the most prolific, adventurous and moving songwriters of the past decade"
- Q Magazine
"That rarest thing in contemporary pop: a unique sound"
- The New Yorker
"A consistently astounding career"
- Uncut
"One of the most consistent bodies of work in modern rock"
- Chicago Sun-Times
"Work that combines often conflicting emotions so skillfully that you are reminded at times of the childhood innocence of Brian Wilson, the wicked satire of Randy Newman and the soul-baring intensity of John Lennon"
- Robert Hilburn, Los Angeles Times
"You gotta love what's happening here"
- "Peach Blossom", track 4, WONDERFUL, GLORIOUS
"I guess you could say I needed space -- literally and figuratively."
That's EELS leader Mark Oliver Everett, aka E, sitting in the performance room of EELS' Los Feliz, CA recording studio, talking about how he felt after the rapid release of a trilogy of albums and embarking on two world tours all within the short span of just over a year's time. "That was an all-consuming endeavor. After that I knew it was time to get away from anything that had to do with the last few years in order to get to the next place," he says now. "I was in an expansive mood. After twelve years recording in the same cramped basement studio, I felt the need to spread out and give myself more room to breathe and experiment."
After 2005's BLINKING LIGHTS AND OTHER REVELATIONS double album there followed four years with no new EELS studio releases. That dry spell was broken with what became one of the busiest periods in the EELS timeline, beginning with the release of HOMBRE LOBO in 2009, the first of a trilogy of albums including END TIMES and TOMORROW MORNING, while the band embarked on two world tours, playing over 100 shows throughout North America, Europe, Australia, Japan, and China. Nearly a year after the completion of the second tour the refreshed and reinvigorated band assembled to make new music.
Having moved into a new studio, Everett was inspired. "I was now in a situation where instead of just a basement to record in, I had an entire house to use for musical needs," he says. The new studio, dubbed "The Compound," was designed to fulfill a myriad of artistic needs, outfitted from basement to attic for any musical situation that may arise. "It was exciting," he says. "It filled me with hope for limitless possibilities. And I realized I'd had a similar feeling when I first put the band together for the last two tours."
"On the tours it was apparent to me that this was the best band I'd ever been involved with," Everett, who has continuously rotated the personnel of the touring EELS from year to year, says now. "Night after night I'd throw them every curve ball I could think of and they'd always hit it out of the park, as the saying goes. We played a lot of stuff from the TOMORROW MORNING album, which was very electronic and keyboard-oriented on record -- without a single keyboard or sampler on stage. They made it all work as a live band, and work great. It made sense that it was time to pool our talents for making new music."
"We got together with no specific concept in mind other than being open to experimentation," he says. "The only rule I had was 'let's try it.' If anyone in the room had an idea, I'd say 'let's try it', no matter how bad the idea may have sounded to me at the time. I was often proven wrong, and I don't mind being wrong in the name of getting somewhere good."
The resulting album WONDERFUL, GLORIOUS is rich in highly creative, unprecedented songs. "I don't know what to compare a lot of these songs to," Everett says. "They're their own thing, you know? We were all really excited with what we were making."
EELS' tenth album is brimming with life and the tribulations that make it worthwhile -- the trials of a man fighting for his life, his sanity, and the search for meaning. From the quiet man pushed too far by modern life's increasing incivility in album opener "Bombs Away" to the title track's sublime acceptance at album's close, WONDERFUL, GLORIOUS offers the listener a vibrant and dynamic journey.
A number of the album's tracks come from the point of view of a man who has found himself at a crossroads in his life. Everett says that's no coincidence. Having written his autobiography (2008's acclaimed THINGS THE GRANDCHILDREN SHOULD KNOW), made the award-winning PARALLEL WORLDS, PARALLEL LIVES documentary about his quantum physicist father Hugh Everett III, compiled the best of EELS (MEET THE EELS) and rarities collection (USELESS TRINKETS), and released an album trilogy, Everett felt backed into a figurative corner.
Every time i find myself in this old bind
Watching the death of my hopes
In the ring so long
Gonna prove 'em wrong
I'm not knocked out but I'm on the ropes
- "On The Ropes"
The tragedies of Everett's life have been well-documented since the release of 1998's ELECTRO-SHOCK BLUES, an album dealing with the deaths of his entire immediate family. If nothing else, Everett's tumultuous past has taught him how to survive. "If something isn't working, I know it's time to reinvent my world so it works," he says. "Losing my family early taught me how to look at what's left and make the most of it."
You're all gonna be sorry
When I leave town
And get it together
For the turnaround
- "The Turnaround"
It's looking good
I dug my way out
I'm changing up what the story's about
When the words just sound like noise
I need a new alphabet
When the world stops making sense
I make a new alphabet
- "New Alphabet"
"Doing all of those career and life-defining projects at an earlier age than most artists do was really satisfying and very beneficial to me personally," Everett says. "But afterwards, once the dust settled, I found myself in the position of having to ask myself 'now what?' That was the last chapter of my book: 'Now What?' I didn't know the answer. But I'm a fighter and I knew I wasn't going to give up easily. Ultimately, I found the answer in the four guys sharing the stage with me."
Those guys, guitarists The Chet and P-Boo, bass player Koool G Murder and drummer Knuckles, each a multi-instrumentalist well beyond their main instruments, all had a hand in the writing of WONDERFUL, GLORIOUS. "Even the drummer has become a songwriter. Anything is possible!" Everett jokes.
Good will abound on WONDERFUL, GLORIOUS, and it's all the more meaningful because of how hard-earned it is. Everett doesn't shy away from the darker aspects of life, "for the cause of getting to the lighter," he says. Over the course of the album he goes from being scared and confused, trying to fight his way out of the corner ("Bombs Away", "Kinda Fuzzy") to a man who recognizes the good around him ("Accident Prone", "Peach Blossom"), who accepts his worthiness of it and is ready to enjoy life's spoils ("Open My Present"), while realizing how invaluable the help of others has been to him ("Stick Together", "You're My Friend"), and ultimately coming to terms with mortality ("I Am Building a Shrine"):
Deep down in the cold ground
Such a sad place to be
But I'll be fine with all the little things
That I'm taking with me
"It's all any of us can do," says Everett. "Either you don't try and just let life go by, or you give it a shot and let the bombs drop and try to put a positive spin on it, all while hoping for the best. Every day you've got a choice."
In the end, Everett finds what he's been searching for -- the good will within his own heart. When he wails the triumphant clarion call at albums' end, knowing the rocky road his past took him on, it's impossible to not feel hopeful. Now able to make sense of it all, he sings:
My love is beautiful and it's here for the taking
It's strong and pure
And utterly earth-shaking
My love has brought me here to show you it's true
A wretch like me can make it through
www.EELStheband.com More info:
Haredi Beit Din Bans All-Female Zumba Dance/Exercise Classes And Female Running Due To Bouncing Female Body Parts
Shmarya Rosenberg • FailedMessiah.com
A beit din (religious court) in the haredi West Bank settlement of Beitar Illit has banned female-only Zumba dance/exercise classes and female running, the Israeli Hebrew-language news website Mako reported according to the Israeli daily Ha'aretz.
"Recently our city has seen the opening of classes employing the South American 'Zumba' method. After having established that both its form and manner, the activity is entirely at odds with both the ways of the Torah and the holiness of Israel, as are the songs associated to it, I hereby announce that the organization and participation in such classes is forbidden,” the beit din of the Ashkenazi haredi community in Beitar wrote.
The rabbis reportedly banned running and Zumba after more extremists elements in the haredi community there complained, in large part because they consider the activities to be immodest because they cause parts of the female body to move and be noticed.
Mixed male-female dancing is already prohibited under normative haredi Jewish law.
These extremists want “to turn our city into Afghanistan, and we won't go along with it. The rabbis and judges can't determine whether or not we participate in Zumba classes. I'm sick of them strangling us with these illogical halakhic [Jewish legal] rulings,” and infuriated local resident reportedly said.
Ha'aretz notes that while it is unclear what will happen to women who flout the beit din's ruling, Beitar Illit has a history of vigilante violence carried out against people who violate local haredi modesty rules.
In fact, in February two haredi men in Beitar Illit were arrested for allegedly threatening and attacking residents whom they deemed to be immodest. The two haredi men were part of larger haredi modesty squad. Both men worked for the city as youth counselors. The city's haredi mayor was questioned by police on suspicion that he knew about the modesty squad's violence but failed to stop it. He also allegedly told residents who complained about the modesty squad violence not to report that violence to police.
Besides having the highest-paid police officers in the nation, New Jersey is one of three states in the country where cops are typically paid more than double the median salary.
The median salary for a police officer in the Garden State is $92,250 compared to $40,680 for all salaried workers in New Jersey, according to TheMarshallProject.org. Cops here make $2.27 for every $1 paid to everyone else, the highest disparity in the country.
Those figures don't include overtime or benefits such as uniform allowances that many officers receive. The value of police officers' pensions is also omitted from the total. The numbers were compiled by analyzing information from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. A median figure indicates half are paid more than the amount and half are paid less -- it is not an average.
The only other states where police officers earn more than twice as much as a typical worker are California and Nevada. Police in the Golden State earn a median salary of $88,740 compared to $39,190 for the rest of the workforce. In the Silver State, police officers are paid a median salary of $68,710, slightly more than double the $33,550 an ordinary worker makes.
Police are paid 150 percent or more of the median salary in 25 of 50 states, the report said. New York ($78,930 vs. $40,870) and Pennsylvania ($60,150 vs. $35,640) are among that group.
The Marshall Project report cited the dangerous nature of their work and the strength of police unions in explaining why cops are generally paid more than ordinary citizens. It also said most Americans are earning less than they once did.
Jeff Goldman may be reached at jeff_goldman@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @JGoldmanNJ. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
(CN) – FirstEnergy lost its challenge against experts who say toxic “black rain” discharged from its coal-fired electric plant caused a 2-year-old to get sick and go bald.
Michael and Jessica Hartle have tapped several experts to opine on toxicology and medical issues for their federal complaint in Pittsburgh against FirstEnergy Generation Corp.
Their daughter had been playing outside on July 22, 2006, when FirstEnergy's Bruce Mansfield Power Plant along the Ohio River in Shippingport, Pa., allegedly emitted the dark, sooty material known as “black rain.”
The 2-year-old child's hair began falling out within days, and she eventually went completely bald, a condition known as alopecia totalis.
Michael Gochfeld, a physician who examined the girl, blamed exposure to toxins contained in the black rain, particularly thallium and arsenic, for GH's alopecia.
Peter Valberg, a Harvard-educated toxicology expert for the defense, insists, however, that “reasonable maximum dose” of thallium that GH received was 100,000 times smaller than the lowest recorded dose known to cause alopecia.
James Smith, the Hartles' expert, counters that Valberg failed to consider inhalation and skin-absorption pathways, and said there is no known minimum thallium dose that causes alopecia. He also said the toxin “more likely than not” led to GH's condition.
The parties moved to preclude and limit each other's expert testimony, but Chief U.S. District Judge Joy Flowers Conti denied most of the motions Wednesday.
Though Valberg may testify that “no evidence” shows that pollution from the plant caused GH's alopecia, a jury must decide whether he wrongly failed to consider certain pathways, according to the ruling.
Conti did, however, bar defense expert Allister Vale from vouching for other experts without independently verifying their analysis. Vale has said that “there is no objective evidence that [GH] was exposed to thallium (or arsenic) in sufficient amount to give rise to alopecia.”
The ruling also somewhat limits the plaintiff's experts.
Smith “assumed that GH ate 10 grams of soot per day, that 100 percent of thallium on the skin was absorbed, and that no thallium was eliminated or ‘cleared' from the body during the exposure period,” Conti wrote. “He admitted that these assumptions were designed to be ‘health protective' and produced ‘an unrealistically high estimate.' GH's ‘actual exposure is likely to be less' than Smith's upper-bound estimate. The layers of ‘health protective' assumptions in the upper-bound estimate produce an exaggerated result. This upper-bound estimate could be misleading to the trier of fact and is not helpful.”
Gochfeld, the medical doctor, can still testify for the plaintiffs, the court ruled.
“Alopecia is a strong indication of thallium exposure,” Conti wrote. “Defendant's expert Vale testified that ‘alopecia develops in virtually everyone who is poisoned with thallium.' Gochfeld found that GH's hair loss began two or three weeks after the black rain event. In light of the strong temporal connection between exposure and symptoms and Gochfeld's differential diagnosis ruling out alternative causes, his inability to calculate a thallium dose for GH does not render his diagnosis inadmissibly unreliable.”
The court also brushed aside the defendant's claim that GH did not endure other symptoms of thallium poisoning like severe abdominal pain, vomiting, nausea, bloody diarrhea, and discolored lines on her nails, or a hair-regrowth pattern consistent with the diagnosis.
“Plaintiffs point to evidence that GH's hair began regrowing a year and a half after the alleged exposure, which is consistent with thallium toxicity,” Conti wrote. “This disputed fact is for the jury to resolve.”
Like this: Like Loading...
Swedish police said Saturday that they believe they have captured the man accused of turning a beer truck into a weapon a day earlier by driving it into a crowd of pedestrians in a rampage that left four people dead.
Authorities did not divulge the man's name but said he is a 39-year-old from Uzbekistan who had been known to security services as “a marginal character” for the past year. Police said that when they first investigated him, they had found no connections to extremism. Authorities did not say when the man had come to Sweden.
The arrest came Friday night when officers apprehended a suspect in the northern Stockholm suburbs who matched the description of a man seen in surveillance footage earlier in the day. Police initially said they were unsure whether the man they had arrested was involved in the attack.
But their confidence grew overnight, and in an early afternoon news conference Saturday, authorities said they were all but certain that they had caught the assailant.
Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven said Friday that the attack was “an act of terrorism,” although officials have not commented on an exact motive.
1 of 10 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The scene in Stockholm after a truck crashed into a store, killing at least 3 View Photos An apparent stolen truck crashed into a department store, killing at least three people in what the country's prime minister called a “terror attack.” Caption An apparent stolen truck crashed into a department store, killing at least three people in what the country's prime minister called a “terror attack.” April 7, 2017 A truck crashed into the Ahlens department store at Drottninggatan in central Stockholm, Sweden. Jonathan Nackstrand/AFP/Getty Images Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Swedish media outlets reported Saturday that there was a homemade explosive device discovered in the mangled wreckage of the truck, which was towed overnight from the upscale shopping district that on Friday afternoon became a scene of carnage.
National Police Chief Dan Eliasson said that “a device that did not belong there was found in the truck.” But officials said it was unclear whether it was a bomb.
Flags across Stockholm flew at half-staff Saturday, and mourners paid respects by leaving flowers at the scene of the attack.
Among them were Crown Princess Victoria and her husband, Prince Daniel. With tears in her eyes, Victoria said she was filled with “sadness and emptiness.”
In nationally broadcast remarks, King Carl XVI Gustaf — who returned home from a visit to Brazil following the attack — said his thoughts “go out to the victims of this abhorrent deed, fellow humans who have been injured and killed.”
Politicians across the spectrum also paid tribute to the dead, and many expressed backing for the prime minister's handling of the incident. A Facebook-organized remembrance for the victims is due to be held near the scene of the crime on Sunday.
With the attack, which also injured 15 others, Stockholm joined a growing list of major European cities where vehicles have been turned into weapons over the past year, including Nice, France, Berlin and London.
Despite the growing frequency of such attacks, security officials say there are few obvious solutions because it is nearly impossible to stop an assailant determined to drive into pedestrians.
Fredrik Reinfeldt, a former Swedish prime minister, told the BBC on Saturday that the country would continue to try to thwart such attacks, but would not compromise its values.
“We are preparing, we understand the risks,” he said. “But we are not willing to close down the openness that is the flare of freedom that we love so much.”
Read more:
[It's nearly impossible to stop terrorists from using trucks as weapons. But cities are trying.]
[How vehicles became a tool of terrorism]
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
Buy Photo Daan Braveman (Photo: file photo)Buy Photo
A recent check by law enforcement about two Muslim students who attended church as part of a class at Nazareth College has drawn sharp criticism from the president of the college.
"I am very troubled and indeed angered that two of our students were singled out because of their religious beliefs," said Nazareth President Daan Braveman, in an email Wednesday to the college's students, faculty and staff.
The students attended Browncroft Community Church in Penfield on Sunday as part of their Sociology of Religion course, which requires students to attend religious services that are not of their own faith.
It was the second time they had visited the church, and according to Braveman, the "students were very well behaved and appeared to be well received at the church."
But Braveman went on to say that "a church member subsequently called Homeland Security to express concern about Muslim students from Nazareth."
A State Police representative then contacted the college to confirm that the two individuals were students. Once that was done, the matter was dropped by police, said Braveman..
"A third student, who is not Muslim, also visited the church earlier in the day but was not the subject of any such report," noted Braveman.
Nazareth spokeswoman Julie Long said that State Police came out to the campus Monday for a quick visit to confirm the two students' status.
Browncroft Senior Pastor Rob Cattalani said the church welcomes anyone, and like other congregations, his church has a security team. That team includes members of law enforcement.
He said the two Muslim students got the attention of the security team because they seemed to be older and that one of the members of the team called the college to verify that they were, in fact, students.
Cattalani said that he was not aware of any call to Homeland Security or State Police.
NEWSLETTERS Get the ROC60 newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Rochester in 60 seconds: Get all the news you need to know in less than a minute. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for ROC60 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Braveman said that he has met with the two Muslim students to reassure them of his support. He intends to discuss what happened with representatives of the church.
"This incident underscores, especially in the context of the larger environment, the importance of our work in promoting interfaith understanding and respect across lines of religious difference," said Braveman.
JGOODMAN@Gannett.com
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/2hlMJyJ
OWINGS MILLS, Md. -- Alex Collins' role as the Baltimore Ravens' featured running back won't be affected by the return of Terrance West and Danny Woodhead, offensive coordinator Marty Mornhinweg said Thursday.
Collins has started the past four games for the Ravens and ranks second among NFL running backs, averaging 5.6 yards per carry. Baltimore's backfield has become more crowded coming off the bye with West (calf) and Woodhead (hamstring) returning to practice.
Asked whether Collins will remain the featured back, Mornhinweg said, "Yeah, he's done good job, hasn't he? He's gotten better every week. He's getting better at the details as well, so we can utilize him in more ways. Certainly, he'll be a featured guy."
Alex Collins has become a pleasant surprise for the Ravens. Hannah Foslien/Getty Images
Collins has been one of the biggest surprises for Baltimore. After getting cut by the Seattle Seahawks at the end of the preseason, Collins joined the Ravens' practice squad in Week 1, got promoted to the 53-man roster by Week 2 and made his first start in Week 4.
West was the Ravens' leading rusher last year and started the first three games of the season before hurting his calf. He was a full participant in Wednesday's practice.
Woodhead, who is more of a pass-catching back, has been practicing for the past two weeks. He was placed on injured reserve after the season opener, when he aggravated a hamstring injury.
Mornhinweg wouldn't say how the injured backs would be integrated back into the offense.
"We'll see how healthy they are first," he said. "So this week of practice is important for them. Everybody we can get back will certainly help us."
From a media release:
With the first season of SCHITT'S CREEK premiering this Tuesday, January 13 at 9 p.m., CBC is pleased to announce that the second season has already been greenlit and is set to premiere in winter 2016. The highly anticipated character-driven, half-hour single-camera comedy is co-created by Eugene and Daniel Levy, who also star in the 13-episode series alongside the legendary Catherine O'Hara and rising star Annie Murphy, all of whom are set to return next season.
The series centres around a wealthy family who suddenly find themselves broke and forced to live in Schitt's Creek, a small, depressing town they once bought as a joke. With their pampered lives now abandoned, they must confront their new-found poverty and discover what it means to be a family, all within the confines of their new home.
SCHITT'S CREEK is commissioned by CBC, produced by Not A Real Company Productions Inc. and created by Eugene Levy and Daniel Levy. The executive producers are Eugene Levy, Daniel Levy, Andrew Barnsley, Fred Levy and Ben Feigin. SCHITT'S CREEK is distributed by ITV Studios Global Entertainment.
As Mitt Romney begins to pivot from the long Republican primary fight to a likely November duel with President Barack Obama, he is re-launching some of his most repeated -- and inaccurate -- attacks of the incumbent president.
During an April 4, 2012, speech to the Newspaper Association of America -- a group Obama addressed the day prior -- Romney repeated several variants of claims that have gotten him in trouble with the Truth-O-Meter.
We're not focusing on those falsehoods in this item. Rather we'll explore a variation of something else Romney has said on the campaign trail and repeated in his speech to the newspaper editors' group.
Romney said that Obama is "the only president to ever cut $500 billion from Medicare."
This, in many ways, is a mash-up of two claims Romney has made before.
Any PolitiFact regular has heard the $500 billion Medicare line before. We've fact-checked claims about the basic point several times from several officials. We've rated claims anywhere from Half True to False depending on how the attack was specifically worded.
We checked Romney on a similar $500 billion claim from 2011. That reporting remains germane today.
The reference point is the federal health care law, which makes several changes to Medicare.
In a few cases, the law increased Medicare spending to provide more benefits and coverage, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation, a trusted independent source that analyzes the health care system. For instance, the health care law added money to cover preventive services and to fill a gap for enrollees who purchase prescription drugs through the Medicare Part D program. (That coverage gap is sometimes called the doughnut hole).
Other provisions are designed to reduce future growth in Medicare spending, to encourage the program to operate more efficiently and to improve the delivery and quality of care in ways including reducing hospital re-admissions. The law does not take money out of the current Medicare budget but, rather, attempts to slow the program's future growth, curtailing just over $500 billion in anticipated spending increases over the next 10 years. Medicare spending will still increase, however. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office projects Medicare spending will reach $929 billion in 2020, up from $499 billion in actual spending in 2009.
So as we said then, and repeated several times since, the health care law reduces the amount of future spending growth in Medicare. But it doesn't cut Medicare.
The rest of Romney's statement implies that Obama is doing something no other president has done -- making cuts (which he isn't).
He made the same point in a December 2011 debate. We rated that particular claim False.
John Rother, president and CEO of the National Coalition on Health Care, a coalition of trade associations, labor unions and advocacy groups that supports health care reform, offered some historical perspective for us for that fact-check.
In 1981, President Ronald Reagan in his first year in office signed an omnibus budget reconciliation act that raised Medicare deductibles for beneficiaries. Rother said he considers that a cut in benefits.
Two years later, Reagan and Congress enacted legislation that changed the way Medicare reimbursed hospitals. The program's costs had been growing exponentially as hospitals treated patients and then sent the federal government the bills. It was known as "retrospective cost-based reimbursement." The new law established a "prospective payment system," which categorized inpatient admission cases into what were called diagnosis-related groups (DRGs). In this system, Medicare pays hospitals a flat rate for each inpatient case.
"The system was intended to motivate hospitals to change the way they deliver services. With DRGs, it did not matter what hospitals charged anymore -- Medicare capped their payments," according to a 2001 report by the Department of Health and Human Services Office of the Inspector General.
The resulting savings to Medicare was $21 billion in the first three years, exceeding even Congressional Budget Office projections. It cut the program, Rother said, but did not affect benefits.
In 1987, Reagan signed a law that expanded Medicare benefits, including drug and catastrophic illness coverage. But when George H.W. Bush took office, he repealed it. So Rother puts Bush in the column of presidents who cut Medicare for seniors.
The Medicare program saw another major overhaul in 1997. President Bill Clinton signed the Balanced Budget Act, which tightened payments to doctors, nursing homes, home health agencies and health insurance plans and expanded the types of private plans that could participate in Medicare (the part of the program now known as Medicare Advantage).
Its goal was to trim $393.8 billion in spending over 10 years. But it's a trickier question to answer whether that law cut benefits.
"With Clinton, it's an indirect effect," Rother said. "It did cut reimbursements to several providers who claimed they would not be able to serve the beneficiary population."
The tally, then:
Reagan cut Medicare by reducing payments to hospitals, and he cut benefits by raising deductibles.
George H.W. Bush cut benefits by repealing a law that would have expanded coverage for drugs and catastrophic illness.
Clinton cut Medicare by changing payments to doctors and other providers, which could be considered to have an indirect effect on beneficiaries.
Obama cut future Medicare spending but expanded benefits.
Our ruling
Romney said Obama "is the only president to ever cut $500 billion from Medicare." It wasn't a cut, rather a reduction in future growth (the size of the Medicare program will increase dollar-wise). And other presidents have cut Medicare in the past, though you can debate whether specific changes to the program constitute a "cut" in some of those cases as well.
That's a historical footnote, however, that doesn't affect our ruling. We rate Romney's statement False.
During an interview with The Hollywood Reporter in May, Luc Besson said that as he was making his big-screen adaptation of the French comic Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets, he worried the source material would be "impossible" to film. Turns out he may have been right.
The most expensive indie film ever made, ringing up a $180 million price tag, Valerian has flopped at the U.S. box office with a dismal $17 million opening weekend. Since its July 21 release, it's taken in a total of just $18.8 million.
Now the film's backers — a mix of foreign investors and distributors that pre-bought release rights — is counting on a strong Chinese release date ahead of Spider-Man: Homecoming to help salvage the bottom line.
Valerian will open in China on Aug. 25, giving the film a week before Dunkirk bows Sept. 1 and Spider-Man spins its web Sept. 8. Having Chinese multiplexes all to itself could help the film considerably. Valerian opened head-to-head with Christopher Nolan's World War II drama in the U.S., which hurt its numbers despite a different demographic, and also competed with both Spider-Man and War for the Planet of the Apes, which were still going strong in theaters.
While it may have been difficult to get the beloved 1960s French comic to the big screen and make the property appealing, the film was much easier to finance thanks to a range of international investors. In fact, Besson has maintained that presales to 120 countries largely paid for his EuropaCorp company's portion of the spend on the movie, leaving the studio responsible for only 10 percent of the total $180 million budget.
Still, an actual dollar figure for the sales to those 120 countries has not been released, and only 34 distributors are listed with France's National Cinema Center (CNC) film funding body.
The budget figure also doesn't take into account marketing and publicity costs, reportedly upwards of $60 million. Sources say EuropaCorp guaranteed covering these costs to U.S. distributor STX Entertainment, which won't be on the hook for anywhere near that amount. According to sources close to the film, STX's exposure on the movie is between $2.5-$3.5 million.
Outside of presales, cash to fund Valerian came from literally all over the world. A number of French companies chipped in, according to sources, including telecom giant Orange, which invested heavily as it seeks to transform itself into a content company and studio. It initially took two years of pay TV and VOD rights for Europe, Africa and the Middle East for $9.3 million. But sources at Orange say the total spend ended up at around $20 million, money that was used for promotion and marketing in France, including a splashy Cannes Film Festival party featuring electronic music duo Justice.
In its product placement deal as the designer of the futuristic spaceships in the film, Lexus threw in another $11.6 million and also ran a massive international PR campaign. French channel TF1 signed on as a co-producer and paid $3.7 million for first broadcast rights. TF1 has long been a producing partner of EuropaCorp, backing the blockbuster Lucy as well as the missteps The Family and Colombiana.
French telcom outlet Free took the second broadcast rights for $2.1 million, while French bank BNP Paribas, which financed 2011's massive hit Intouchables, made its first direct capital investment in a film, giving Besson $11.6 million. It also heavily promoted the film across Europe with contests to visit the set. With such a loss on its first financing deal, the bank may tighten the vault on any future films.
Valerian was also the first big investment for Gulf Films' new label Novo Pictures, which sunk about $5.9 million into the film, sources tell THR. That blunders right out of the gate may scare the Dubai-based company off from big film investments in the near future, though cash flows to Hollywood had already cooled after the Doha Film Institute scaled back its funding.
Germany's Universum and Belgium's Belga Films, frequent partners of EuropaCorp, also kicked in some cash as co-producers.
But the biggest international investor was clearly China's Fundamental Films, which, in addition to buying a 28 percent stake — worth $67 million — in EuropaCorp (making it the second-largest shareholder behind Besson), also invested $50 million to $60 million in the film.
With so many global entities likely taking a loss after Valerian's dismal showing in North America, everything now seems to be riding on the movie's China release and that late summer sweet spot. "We can anticipate something around $100 million in Asia, but it's difficult to anticipate the appetite of the audience in China. It's not something we can rely on" to boost the film's prospects, says Alexandre Koller, analyst at financial firm Gilbert Dupont. "It's difficult to forecast, but the movie could still make between $300 million and $400 million worldwide."
If Valerian fails to connect in China, EuropaCorp may have to look to Fundamental for a bailout. But Fundamental could be reticent to do so as it has already been pinched by the company's falling stock price. It bought into EuropaCorp at $6.11, but the stock has been hovering between $4 and $4.18 — a roughly 40 percent drop. Then there's the current regulatory environment in China, whose government is in the midst of an unprecedented clamp down on foreign investment.
Nevertheless, having Fundamental on board as the film rolls out in China can only help Valerian's prospects.
"They have to have a strategy for EuropaCorp in terms of the domestic market in Asia and especially in China," says Koller. "Fundamental can be a support for EuropaCorp in China to promote new movies or even to create specific movies geared to the Chinese market. Even if it is not a very big success at the box office, EuropaCorp could potentially develop a franchise from it. It could bring the company better visibility in coming years."
Indeed, Valerian could still become a cult favorite and television staple like Besson's The Fifth Element, which also performed poorly at the U.S. box office but is broadcast regularly around the world and was re-released for its 20th anniversary.
Besson has said he is already writing a sequel to Valerian — and with 21 volumes of the comic it's based on, there is plenty of material — but if the first film fails to deliver to investors, it's unlikely he'll find the money to finance a second effort, especially one in line with his FX-heavy vision.
But even if Valerian causes financial hurt for everyone involved, Besson's company isn't in danger of going under, thanks to its library filled with hits like Lucy and the Transporter and Taken franchises. "Even if it's not the case [that Valerian can become a franchise for EuropaCorp], it's still supported by the back catalog," said Koller. "The market value of the back catalog is worth at least $35 million to $47 million, which represents approximately the market cap of the company.”
Alex Ritman and Patrick Brzeski contributed to this report.
The first of two landmark lawsuits brought by the US's Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) against private employers was settled Thursday.
The lawsuits are the first to be instigated by the EEOC for plaintiffs who said they had been discriminated against for being gay. They were filed at the beginning of March.
The legal action followed last July's landmark ruling by the EEOC that gay and lesbian staff could claim sexual orientation discrimination as a form of sex discrimination.
According to court papers, one of the companies concerned has agreed to pay $200,000 to settle its case – the bulk of the money going to a former lesbian employer.
Yolanda Boone said that she was harassed by other employees at Pallet Cos. in Maryland. The company, which operates as IFCO Systems, makes food packaging pallets.
Boone says she endured verbal harassment, including a supervisor informing telling her that he wanted: ‘to turn you back into a woman', asking ‘Are you a girl or a man?' and telling her she would ‘look good in a dress.'
After she complained to management, she was fired.
In a comment to Bloomberg BNA, Shannon Minter, legal director of the National Center for Lesbian Rights in San Francisco, described the settlement as a ‘very positive resolution' that ‘reflects the EEOC's commitment' to taking legal action over sexual orientation claims of discrimination.
In a lengthy statement to GSN, Pallet Cos. said: ‘After recognizing Pallet Companies' almost 10-year committment to preventing sexual orientation discrimination and harassment in its workplace, a federal judge entered a Consent Decree resolving in its entirety the EEOC concerns about the treatment of a former employer at the company's Baltimore plant.
‘The Consent Decree also notes that Pallet Companies denied any wrongdoing and did not admit to any discrimination, harassment or retaliation on the basis of the employee's sexual orientation.
‘”We believe the EEOC appreciate our culure and our collaborative approach to resolving the dispute, and worked with us in good faith to achieve an amicable settlement,” said the Company's spokesperson. “We've very pleased with this outcome and that we were able to reach the agreement reached in the Consent Decree.”‘
EEOC have declined to comment further.
The second lawsuit raised by the EEOC in March was against Pennsylvania-based Scott Medical Health Center. Dale Baxley, a gay employee with the company, said he resigned after facing continual harassment, including name-calling by his manager and crude comments relating to his sexuality.
When he complained to his superiors, he was informed that the manager was ‘just doing his job'. That lawsuit is still pending.
I knew that the repeal of the transgender protections was coming weeks ago, well before they were announced. I have a friend who has a friend in the Department of Justice and the rumblings were already making their way around, but since I didn't have specifics I didn't know what to write about. When it finally broke, even though I knew it was coming, I still didn't know what I was going to say about the subject. So many writers out there, of course, went right to the raging about Donald Trump never being an actual LGBT ally. Others went for how terrible it was going to be for children, about civil rights, about persecution. A few went to talk about how they had suffered when they were young, others waved the banner and sounded the trumpet to lead the resistance, and yet I still didn't know what I would write.
What new, hot angle could I take with this that wasn't being covered already? Then the Betsy DeVos stuff leaked. First it was revealed that she apparently was fighting against Attorney General Jeff Sessions, a man who reminds me of a William Faulkner villain, over repealing the protections. People came out and said she should have fought harder. I thought about that for a bit, but it was just a bit … odd. Then she appeared at the Conservative Political Action Conference, that safe-space gathering for conservative snowflakes, and said that those Obama-directed protections were an example of federal overreach. That's when I just had to laugh and think, Now, that's a pair of brass balls. Yeah, I'm crass, but it works for me.
The fact that Betsy DeVos had the audacity to lie right to the world and spin the fact that she in essence was giving permission for people to bully, harass, and assault children was just, wow. Not adults; children in school. The original story from The New York Times said that she was fighting against Sessions (dead ringer for an elderly, bigoted Alfred E. Neuman), who wanted to revoke the protections, but she was forced to capitulate when Trump insisted on it; that piece was garbage.
DeVos, a woman who has openly stated that she wants to turn schools into "part of God's Kingdom," was never going to defend LGBT students. She was never going to defend any students. This woman has dedicated her life to dismantling the American public school system in favor of charter schools and vouchers, which has always been a back-door way to shove religion down the throats of kids via religious schools. (Full disclosure: I went to a Catholic school as a kid and it was one of the best schools I ever attended, but I don't think that people should be coerced into going to religious schools.)
Private schools, especially the ones that don't receive government money, can get away with forcing kids to listen to whatever they want to teach as long as it passes the government's requirements — which, mind you, can become politicized as well. Hell, everyone knows about Texas public schools.
Public schools are the way that minorities and the poor have even the slightest chance of escaping cycles of oppression and poverty. Public schools have always been required to protect and treat all their students with equality and respect. Oh yeah, the teachers and principals and school boards screw up all the time, but at least they can be held accountable.
But when that story leaked, people asked why DeVos didn't resign in defiance if she cared that much. The answer, of course, was simple; she just didn't give enough of a damn. If resisting the revocation of transgender protections means building "God's kingdom" would have to wait, that's not even a tough choice. I think the debate was as serious as those times when you hold out your arm and say, "Oh, twist my arm" and you cave immediately while laughing.
DeVos was never going to defend LGBT students at any point.
Let this moment serve as the nail in the coffin of any notion that Trump was ever, ever, going to be an ally to the LGBT community. DeVos was always going to be a woman who bought a Cabinet post with campaign donations so she could enact an agenda for a system she literally knows nothing about. Lying Jeff Sessions was never going to defend the civil rights of anyone who isn't white, straight, or Christian (in fact, he just rolled back the rules on corporate prisons). Shadow president Steve Bannon is openly anti-Semitic and racist, and has stated he wants to destroy the State. Vice President Pence, we all know, is an advocate for conversion therapy (and unsecured email servers), and as for Trump?
Trump is actually incapable of seeing other human beings as people. Like, genuinely incapable of understanding that other people have emotions. He sees them as merely toys and cogs meant to placate his ego and rubes to pad his wallet. Trump is the guy who would ask a man hanging by his fingertips off a cliff what he would pay for being rescued. To call this administration evil is simple. To call this administration a collection of sociopaths in need of a mental hospital is far more descriptive and accurate. Never, ever let anyone convince you otherwise. And never, ever forget this.
AMANDA KERRI is a writer and comedian based in Oklahoma City. Follow her on Twitter @EternalKerri
A lot of the effort involved in establishing a secure computing environment focuses on technological solutions, from providing warnings about phishing attacks to blocking the propagation of botnets. But, as previous research has shown, security involves a significant human component. Nowhere is that more true than the item at the heart of basic security: the humble password. Here, our best practices—something that's not in the dictionary or written down, differs for every account, etc.—ignores basic research, which shows that humans have a limited capacity to associate random text with, well, just about anything. A new survey of institutional IT users provides a glimpse into just how bad the password situation is, with less than five percent of users managing to use best practices.
What is perhaps most striking about the new study, which is being published in the Proceedings of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society, is its background section, which details just how long we've been aware of the password problem. It cites a study of Unix passwords from 1979, which showed that about 30 percent of the passwords were four characters or fewer, and about 15 percent being words that appear in the dictionary. Fast forward to 2006, when a separate survey of 34,000 MySpace passwords revealed that the most common were "password1", "abc123", "myspace1", and "password".
But it's not simply that we have empirical evidence suggesting that passwords are easy to crack; neuroscience has indicated that the human brain simply doesn't perform well at free-associating text that, on its own, has little inherent meaning. As one of the papers cited puts it, "the multiple-password management crisis [can be viewed as] a search and retrieval problem involving human beings' long-term memory." And, although our long-term memory for images and words that we've assigned meanings to is quite good, we don't do as well with passwords, which (ideally, at least) should look like a near-random string of characters. It's another challenge entirely to remember which password to associate with a specific account.
So, there's an obvious tension between what we know what we should do, and what actually can be done when it comes to passwords. The authors of the new study conducted several focus groups with network administrators to identify likely sources of problems for users. They used this information to craft a survey of password habits, which they administered to 836 employees of an organization that handled sensitive private data and provided all employees with computer security training. Obviously, a more diverse survey population would have been nice, but the single employer at least allowed a degree of consistency in terms of the security training.
The authors condensed the results into a measure of how many deviations from ideal password practices a given user committed, such as using a short password, not mixing characters and symbols, writing the password down or reusing it, etc. All told, only 4.4 percent avoided any deviations from the rules, and the majority violated three or more. "In reality," the authors note, "the results are probably worse, because respondents do not like to admit that they deviate from the rules."
Experience made a difference, as expert and advanced computer users tended to outperform the novices. But there were limits; actual network administrators, for example, didn't behave in a manner that was significantly different from an average user. One possibly disturbing development was noted: about seven percent of the respondents had become cynical about computer security, having decided that no amount of adherence to best practices would protect them from hackers. Fortunately, this group seemed to be just as good (or just as bad) about using best practices as the rest of the population.
In a lot of ways, the results shouldn't surprise anyone, given what we know about the operation of human memory: if you give users a task that's nearly impossible, they won't do it. The fact that the organization involved handles sensitive data and trains its users on how to protect it doesn't change that reality. What the study may accomplish is to help drive home the need to stop expecting the impossible. The authors suggest a variety of alternative authentication systems, from biometrics and hardware-based certification to systems that rely on aspects of memory that humans handle more easily, such as image-based systems. Until IT administrators get over old habits, however, the availability of alternatives will have a limited impact.
Russian authorities have extended a residence permit for U.S. intelligence contractor Edward Snowden, who leaked thousands of secret documents from the National Security Agency.
Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said in a post on Facebook late Tuesday that Snowden's residence permit has been extended for “a couple of years.” Russia's RIA news agency said the permit will be valid until 2020.
Reuters reports Snowden's lawyer said the whistleblower will be able to qualify for Russian citizenship next year and be able to get a passport.
Snowden has been living in Russia since 2013 when he got stuck in the transit area at a Moscow airport after the United States cancelled his passport.
The announcement comes as U.S. President Barack Obama has commuted the prison sentence of Chelsea Manning, who was convicted for leaking more than 700,000 U.S. documents.
Reporters asked presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov on Wednesday whether Snowden was planning to return to the United States in reaction to the Manning pardon. Peskov said the Kremlin is not aware what Snowden's plans are.
With files from the National Post
Sometimes getting a bit of peace and quiet can prove impossible - especially with annoying housemates to contend with, as this new video shows.
Russian YouTube user Vladlena Tkachenko filmed her giant St. Bernard dog attempting to get a nap as he was licked and sniffed by his tiny kitten friend.
The sleepy canine is seen rolling his eyes in annoyance before stopping the feline in its tracks with his large paw.
The little cat wags its tail as it remains momentarily trapped.
A child watching the scene is heard laughing in the background.
After the kitten manages to wriggle free it sits still, looking a little dazed and confused.
However, it soon goes back to annoying its dog friend, pawing him in the eyes and rubbing up against his face.
At one point the infant animal takes to nibbling the St Bernard's droopy jowls. The canine throws a look of disdain at the camera.
It appears sometime a bit of peace and quiet can be too much to ask...
Caught on camera: Russian YouTube user Vladlena Tkachenko filmed the moment her giant St. Bernard dog attempted to get a nap before being licked and sniffed by his tiny kitten friend
Got you now: The sleepy canine is seen rolling his eyes in annoyance before stopping the feline in its tracks with his large paw
Quesada accused Trump of lying to American taxpayers about fronting the bill
Former Mexican President Vicente Fox Quesada took to Twitter to make it clear that Mexico will not be paying for Donald Trump's controversial wall.
Quesada blasted The Donald tweeting: 'TRUMP, when will you understand that I am not paying for that f***en wall. Be clear with US tax payers. They will pay for it.'
He said earlier: 'Trump may ask whoever he wants, but still neither myself nor Mexico are going to pay for his racist monument. Another promise he can't keep.'
Scroll down for video
Former Mexican President Vicente Fox Quesada said President Elect Trump should be honest with US taxpayers when it comes to who is funding the wall
'Not paying for that f***en wall': Quesada has said before that Mexico will not pay for the wall
'Racist monument' the former and current Mexican president have criticized Trump's rhetoric towards Mexican people
Quesada and Trump have previously sparred on the topic of the wall which was Trump's most famous campaign promise.
Quesada has consistently said Mexico will not pay for the wall.
During a campaign rally in February, Trump responded to this statement by saying the wall 'just got 10 feet taller'.
Beyond just the wall, Quesada also voiced his other qualms about Trump via Twitter.
'Sr Trump, the intelligence report is devastating. Losing election by more than 3M votes and in addition this. Are you a legitimate president?,' he tweeted Friday.
In addition to the wall, Fox also criticized the legitimacy of Trump's election win on Twitter
Trump promised his supporters Mexico will pay for the wall. Republicans have started preparations though Mexico has not agreed to pay
Current Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto has also maintained the wall will not be funded by Mexico.
In an interview with CNN he said: 'There is no way that Mexico can pay [for] a wall like that.'
On Trump's campaign website, in a 664 word plan, it states Mexico will pay for the wall or the US will block wire transfers to Mexico. The site also states there would be higher visa fees as a cash source.
Friday, congressional Republicans started plans for building the wall along the southern border before Mexico has agreed to pay.
It could be funded as soon as April through the appropriations process. Trump has stated this will not cost the US taxpayers.
Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto said there is 'no way' Mexico is paying for the wall. he is seen above greeting Trump in Mexico City in August
A general view shows a newly built section of the U.S.-Mexico border wall at Sunland Park, U.S. opposite the Mexican border city of Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, November 9
Trump denied reports that US taxpayers would pay for the border wall
Trump told the New York Times in a phone interview: 'We're going to get reimbursed.'
'But I don't want to wait that long. But you start, and then you get reimbursed.'
A number of Chinese laws relating to ecosystems and the environment have recently been under the scrutiny of the National People's Congress to ensure they are compatible with the promotion of “ecological civilisation”.
As part of this general overhaul, on December 30, 2015 proposed revisions to China's Wildlife Protection Law were circulated for public comment. There was a furious backlash from Chinese academics, lawyers, biologists and NGOs as the proposed revisions, if adopted, will take China's Wildlife Protection law and regulations in the wrong direction.
Examples of some of these comments and critiques can be read at the links below. The process will require the Government authorities to consider formally submitted comments and to prepare further drafts, but there is no guarantee the public will see them again before the revisions are adopted.
EIA's response to the draft law
EIA is extremely disappointed and concerned to see that the proposed revisions to China's Wildlife Protection Law are moving in the opposite direction from an “ecological civilisation”, specifically in terms of tiger conservation – missing a major opportunity for China to follow best practice and demonstrate real leadership.
The proposed revisions, if adopted, would instead further entrench policies of captive breeding for commercial use of parts and derivatives of captive tigers. Further, they would decrease the level of oversight at the central level of Government, deferring responsibility for managing breeding and trade to Provinces that have already shown a willingness to contravene an existing State Council Order.
With the State Forest Administration recently admitting to CITES that it does not have the capacity to monitor possession of tigers in captivity and is unable to report how many permits have been issued for trade in the skins of captive-bred tigers, this increases the risk of trade and demand for tiger parts and products spiraling out of control.
There is no sign within the proposed revisions that China is planning to reverse this threat to wild tigers, seize the moment and stand alongside India, Nepal, Bhutan and Russia to place a greater emphasis on wild tiger conservation.
Tiger populations are showing signs of recovery in countries that do not breed tigers for trade in their parts and derivatives. China is falling behind.
The draft law also conflicts with the commitments made by President Xi Jinping and President Obama during their recent high-level bilateral where both vowed to “take significant and timely steps to halt the domestic commercial trade of ivory”.
You can read more of EIA's first reaction to the proposed revisions here.
Into the detail – EIA's position paper
If you would like to see the detail of what is currently being suggested, EIA has translated the proposed revisions and dropped them in alongside the current law. Read it here.
EIA submitted comments to the formal process and has integrated them into this position paper, including the rationale behind our position, which you can read here.
Part of the process – what can you do?
The formal comment period has closed but it's not too late to send a letter in English to the Chinese Embassy in your country, or in Chinese to the NPC at The Legal Committee of National People's Congress, No. 1 West Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing, China 100805.
Comments and criticisms
EIA has translated a number of articles in the Chinese media and elsewhere responding to the proposed changes in the Wildlife protect Law. Each translation includes a link to the original Chinese language article.
Comments
comments
A New York newspaper is reviewing the work of one of its former reporters after his new book on Baltimore was widely questioned by police and other officials here.
Newsday managing editor Richard Rosen confirmed to The Baltimore Sun that the paper is reviewing the work of Kevin Deutsch, who worked for the paper from 2012 to 2016, following questions raised by law enforcement and health officials about his new book about Baltimore, Pill City.
"We are scrutinizing his work for any inconsistencies. If there are any, we will publish our findings," Rosen said.
The New York Times also said it is reviewing a freelance article written by Deutsch that was published in January about fentanyl overdoses.
"The Metro desk is in contact with him and is reviewing the story he did for The Times," editor Wendell Jamieson said.
Deutsch told The Sun on Thursday that he's assisting with the reviews.
"I'm eager to demonstrate all of my work is accurate and meets the highest standards of journalistic ethics. I stand by and am proud of all my journalism," he said.
Deutsch says Pill City is a true story about the looting of pharmacies in Baltimore during the riots of April 2015, and its explosive content required him to change names of everyone he interviewed and other details to protect sources.
He says two honor roll students from Freddie Gray's West Baltimore neighborhood masterminded the lootings in conjunction with the Black Guerrilla Family gang, and used new technology to spread the drugs throughout the country, leading to a rise in violence and drug overdoses.
CAPTION The Stronach Group has spent almost 90 percent of its state renovation subsidies to pay for improvements at Laurel Park rather than at Pimlico Race Course, state records show. (Kevin Richardson, Baltimore Sun video) The Stronach Group has spent almost 90 percent of its state renovation subsidies to pay for improvements at Laurel Park rather than at Pimlico Race Course, state records show. (Kevin Richardson, Baltimore Sun video) CAPTION Wicomico County Sheriff Mike Lewis speaks to a crowd assembled in a House of Delegates overflow room to watch a hearing on a bill that would regulate shotguns and hunting rifles similarly to handguns. (Video courtesy of Shawn Poulson, Kent County Republican vice chairman) Wicomico County Sheriff Mike Lewis speaks to a crowd assembled in a House of Delegates overflow room to watch a hearing on a bill that would regulate shotguns and hunting rifles similarly to handguns. (Video courtesy of Shawn Poulson, Kent County Republican vice chairman)
While the book describes a criminal scheme that is said to be well-known on the streets as well as among doctors and law enforcement authorities in various cities, officials here and elsewhere told The Sun that they had never heard of it.
Deutsch worked at Newsday covering law enforcement, and his work took him to major news events in places such as Ferguson, Mo., Boston and Orlando. Rosen, the managing editor, noted "no previous complaints about his work from news subjects."
Deutsch was asked by The Sun last week to respond to questions about the book, and provide any supporting evidence for the scheme from thousands of records he said he reviewed.
Discussing the use of anonymity and changes to the accounts, Deutsch said he had to make "tough choices" to protect those he spoke with.
St. Martin's Press, which published the book, said last week it had "no reason to doubt" the veracity of the story. The publisher declined additional comment this week.
In the statement posted Wednesday night on the website Medium, Deutsch maintained that the story is authentic. He wrote he has been threatened by Baltimore gang members and contacted by law enforcement "asking me why I hadn't shared the information I'd gathered for my book with their respective agencies."
"People risked their lives, the safety of their families, and their careers to share their stories with me, and I'd done everything I could to maintain their anonymity," Deutsch wrote.
In the book, Deutsch writes that Baltimore Police were aware of the drug syndicate featured in the book and were working with the Drug Enforcement Administration and police in Chicago and Newark to discern their identities.
Police from those agencies say they have no such intelligence and have not worked together on such an investigation.
"We have information on a lot of drug traffickers and organizations operating throughout the city, but nothing regarding two teenagers going out and selling mass quantities of pills," said Don Hibbert, special agent in charge of the Baltimore DEA office.
The book also quotes doctors from various cities, such as New Orleans and Chicago, who speak about the role of the Baltimore-based Black Guerrilla Family gang's role in flooding their cities with opiates. Deutsch said their names were changed, as was the name of a doctor from St. Louis who is quoted speaking generally about addiction.
A scene set in the University of Maryland's Shock Trauma Center quotes a doctor explaining her knowledge of the impact of drugs and violence because her unit treats gunshot victims and overdoses patients side by side. The hospital said that is not how the facility operates: Overdose patients are sent to the emergency room; gunshot victims are taken to the separate trauma center. A spokeswoman for the hospital said other accounts "didn't ring true."
Health officials said they were also unaware of a storyline involving a group of volunteer "addiction interrupters" who are described in the book as walking the streets in 2015 to help addicts until their leader, a well-known street preacher, is gunned down by the BGF gang.
Following the preacher's death, the book says, his disciples used social media to start "addiction interrupter" efforts in Washington, New Jersey, New Orleans, St. Louis, Kansas City, Philadelphia, Los Angeles, Chicago, South Florida and other areas.
The book also cites a powerful gang called the "Highlandtown Soldiers," a gang Deutsch also named when he visited Baltimore in April 2015 for Newsweek. Law enforcement officials say they know of no such gang.
Deutsch also writes that he was in a vehicle when a killing occurred nearby, and he was able to link drugs trafficked from Baltimore to hundreds of drug overdoses across the country.
"Let me be clear: My book is an authentic, nonfiction portrayal of what happened in Baltimore after Freddie Gray's death," Deutsch wrote Wednesday night. "Pill City is a true story told under extraordinary circumstances. I reported it aggressively and honestly, and stand behind every word."
jfenton@baltsun.com
twitter.com/justin_fenton
The copyright lobby hasn't been shy about pressing the anti-piracy case, but a new LA Times report suggests they're taking the battle to a place it's never been before: schools. A group called the Center for Copyright Information — backed by copyright groups like the Motion Picture Association of America and the Recording Industry Association of America, among others — is currently developing a curriculum in California to teach elementary schoolers the value of copyright and the dangers of piracy.
"It's Great to Create"
Called "Be a Creator," the proposed curriculum would target kindergarten through six graders with lessons like "Respect the Person: Give Credit," "It's Great to Create," and "Copyright Matters." In one section on image-sharing, teachers are instructed to tell the class, "you're not old enough yet to be selling your pictures online, but pretty soon you will be. And you'll appreciate if the rest of us respect your work by not copying it and doing whatever we want with it."
The committee presented the curriculum in September for pilot testing in the current school year — but as you might expect, teachers associations are skeptical, saying the modern curriculum is already full to bursting without the addition of copyright awareness. Still, copyright groups seem undeterred. As one lobbyist told the Times, "it's important to prepare children to succeed and thrive and learn how to share and create and move files in a way that's ethical and responsible."
Well, I guess I have another great reason to drink lots of Steamwhistle this summer. :)
Last week I noticed a facebook photo of what looked like a Steamwhistle bike repair station in front of the Duke of York pub in Yorkville.
You may remember that Steamwhistle installed one of these outside their brewery down on Bremner by the SkyDome back in the summer of 2013.
I reached out to Steamwhistle about this, and not only found out info about the Duke of York one, but MANY more!
It was installed in September last year as part of an expanding network of bike stations we've installed. We specifically chose the Duke of York pub location as it wasn't easy for us to put these stations on public land so looked for private locations near to cycling communities. The Annex is one of the city's hubs for cycling, with so many students and urban dwellers in this neighbourhood. We sourced the station from Urban Racks, an innovative cycling-focused Vancouver company. The bright green bike repair station includes a bike mount with ten tools on cable for easy repairs and a tire pump; it can be found in front of the entrance to the Duke of York Pub, in the heart of the Annex at Prince Arthur Avenue near Bedford Rd. “The Duke of York is known for its warm atmosphere and its emphasis on fresh and high quality ingredients – making it the perfect pit stop or destination after a city ride,” said Amber Pachla, Duke of York General Manager. “We're happy to be able to provide this extra reward to the cyclist community.” In 2013, Steam Whistle Brewing installed a bike repair station outside of their brewery's front doors. The positive response from the city's cycling community inspired the brewery to reach out to other areas in Ontario to create a network of bike repair stations. The Duke of York location marks the third in the city (Steam Whistle Brewing and Evergreen Brickworks host the other two) and a total of 30 Steam Whistle bike repair stations across the province in the cities of Guelph, London, Hamilton, Niagara-on-the-Lake, Port Colbourne, Kingston, Peterborough, Oro-Medonte, Paris, St. Marys, Ottawa, Hardwood Hills with plenty more coming online soon.
The other stations in Toronto are at the Brickworks and also a brand new one at BikeSauce!
A great article about the repair stations is here:
http://modelcyclist.com/no-cyclist-stranded-steam-whistles-public-bike-repair-stations/
Steamwhistle also been organizing some group rides to get people out riding in the city on weekends:
Contact Sybil Taylor at Steam Whistle if you're interested in finding out how to get a public bike repair station installed in your community.
ObamaCare, The Catholic Church, And Religious Liberty
Requiring a religious institution to comply with civilian laws is not a violation of religious liberty.
Doug Mataconis · · 60 comments
Last week, the Obama Administration announced that it would enforce a rule that is part of the PPACA requiring employer-provided health care insurance to cover contraceptives even if the employer in question happens to be a religious institution that objects to contraception like the Roman Catholic Church. The rule doesn't apply to a religious institutions core functions, and religious organizations are being given more time to comply than secular employer, but any Church-run hospital, school, or the like would have to comply. The reaction to this on the right has been about what you'd expect it to be and, yesterday, the Catholic Church itself weighed in via a letter that was read to parishioners in very Catholic Church in the country. The letter itself was fairly strongly worded:
I write to you concerning an alarming and serious matter that negatively impacts the Church in the United States directly, and that strikes at the fundamental right to religious liberty for all citizens of any faith. The federal government, which claims to be “of, by, and for the people,” has just been dealt a heavy blow to almost a quarter of those people — the Catholic population — and to the millions more who are served by the Catholic faithful. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced last week that almost all employers, including Catholic employers, will be forced to offer their employees' health coverage that includes sterilization, abortion-inducing drugs, and contraception. Almost all health insurers will be forced to include those “services” in the health policies they write. And almost all individuals will be forced to buy that coverage as a part of their policies. In so ruling, the Obama Administration has cast aside the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, denying to Catholics our Nation's first and most fundamental freedom, that of religious liberty. And as a result, unless the rule is overturned, we Catholics will be compelled to either violate our consciences, or to drop health coverage for our employees (and suffer the penalties for doing so). The Obama Administration's sole concession was to give our institutions one year to comply. We cannot—we will not—comply with this unjust law. People of faith cannot be made second class citizens. We are already joined by our brothers and sisters of all faiths and many others of good will in this important effort to regain our religious freedom. Our parents and grandparents did not come to these shores to help build America's cities and towns, its infrastructure and institutions, its enterprise and culture, only to have their posterity stripped of their God given rights. In generations past, the Church has always been able to count on the faithful to stand up and protect her sacred rights and duties. I hope and trust she can count on this generation of Catholics to do the same. Our children and grandchildren deserve nothing less.
The letter prompted E.J. Dionne, who is anything but a conservative, to chide the Obama Administration for what he called a breach of faith:
Speaking as a Catholic, I wish the Church would be more open on the contraception question. But speaking as an American liberal who believes that religious pluralism imposes certain obligations on government, I think the Church's leaders had a right to ask for broader relief from a contraception mandate that would require it to act against its own teachings. The administration should have done more to balance the competing liberty interests here.
Dionne goes on to note that there was a compromise proposed that mirrored a program in Hawaii that allows religious institutions that wish to decline offering insurance that includes contraceptive coverage by informing employees and prospective employees of this and giving them information on how to obtain additional coverage that includes contraceptives a modest cost. Another option would be to make contraceptive coverage a rider to the employer-provided plan that an employee could select, but for which they would have to pay on their own. Ultimately, the Obama Administration refused to do this, and this seems to be the root of Dionne's problem with the program and the reason that he supports the Church's position.
Kevin Drum disagrees:
I guess I'm tired of religious groups operating secular enterprises (hospitals, schools), hiring people of multiple faiths, serving the general public, taking taxpayer dollars — and then claiming that deeply held religious beliefs should exempt them from public policy. Contra Dionne, it's precisely religious pluralism that makes this impractical. There are simply too many religions with too many religious beliefs to make this a reasonable approach. If we'd been talking about, say, an Islamic hospital insisting that its employees bind themselves to sharia law, I imagine the “religious community” in the United States would be a wee bit more understanding if the Obama administration refused to condone the practice.
In the end, I think Drum is correct here. Religious liberty is an important principle, one that I take very seriously, but it doesn't mean what Dionne and the Catholic Bishops seems to think it means. Operating a hospital or a school or an adoption agency is not a religious undertaking in the same way that, well, operating a church is, and there's simply no merit to the argument regulations regarding how you operate an institution that is essentially secular in nature are somehow a violation of religious liberty. More importantly, operating such institutions while taking government money (i.e., Medicare and Medicaid) means accepting at least some regulation about how that money is used. As I noted when discussing the issue of Catholic Churches getting ending adoption services rather than provide equal consideration to gay couples, there's not such thing as a right to receive government money:
Religious liberty does not mean the right to take public money without having to comply with the law because the teachings of your faith tell you those laws are wrong. That's not how you live in a civil society, and if the Church cannot comply with that simple rule then it needs to rethink its priorities.
I'd also note that it strikes me that the Church is making a fairly bizarre argument here. Providing contraceptive coverage in employer provided insurance is orders of magnitude different from, say, being required to perform abortions, an issue on which I personally think Catholic hospitals should be given wide latitude and the right to object for reasons of conscience if they choose. All it means is that your employees, many of whom might not even be Catholic, have a certain insurance benefit. Considering that there are often medical reasons that women are put on contraceptives that have nothing to do with preventing pregnancy, the relationship between the mandate and Church teaching is tangential at best.
Finally, Drum's makes a point that is worth noting. Taking the religious liberty argument to its logical conclusion would mean that an Islamic hospital would be able to require its employees, Muslim or not, to adhere to Sharia law. Is that really what the First Amendment means?
As a policy matter I don't support requiring any employer to provide any specific type of insurance policy. I have doubts that such a requirement is even Constitutional (yes, yes, I know the Commerce Clause, etc. etc). At the very least, perhaps the kind of opt-out that Dionne talks about would have been the better choice. Calling this a matter of “religious liberty,” though, is simply ridiculous. It's a bad law, yes, but it's not a violation of the First Amendment.
Two British tourists have died in Amsterdam after reportedly snorting white heroin which police believe they mistook for cocaine.
Their bodies were found in a hotel room in the south of the city on Tuesday next to traces of white powder.
Police in the Netherlands say the men, who were aged 20 and 21, were from England.
Officers told Newsbeat they believe the same dealers were involved as in the death of another British man last month.
'Strong evidence'
Police spokesman Rob van der Veen says since mid-September, 17 people have needed medical attention after taking white heroin in the city. All of them were tourists.
Of course we know that the young people don't all come to Amsterdam to see the tulips, but they have to very aware of what they take Rob van der Veen Amsterdam police spokesman
The 14 who survived received medical attention quickly - many of them needed CPR.
Mr van der Veen told Newsbeat: "These are the first cases the police have seen where white heroin has been taken as cocaine in the Netherlands."
A post-mortem examination will be carried out later this week to determine exactly how the two men died, but he says the police have "strong evidence" it was from snorting the drug.
"We checked the powder and it looked like cocaine, but after testing it we found it was white heroin," he says.
"The contents were the same as material we seized in other cases where people got ill."
'Luxury drug'
So what is white heroin?
"It is a sort of luxury drug," says Mr van der Veen, "people with a lot of money sometimes buy it, but normally they use it in another way.
"It looks like cocaine, but when people snort it the result is respiratory failure.
"Brown heroin is much more common," he says.
Mr van de Veen says white heroin is "much more expensive" than cocaine, but the dealer "sold it for the same price [as cocaine] several times".
"We think he doesn't know what he is selling", he says.
Officers think it's only tourists who have been affected because the dealer, or ring of dealers, sell drugs on the streets, and "speak very good English".
The police are calling for tourists to stay away from drug dealers.
Since October they have distributed warning leaflets, particularly aimed at British tourists at hotels and hostels, and in tourist areas.
The leaflets say: "[In] the last couple of weeks several tourists [have been] hospitalised with severe health problems after using cocaine bought on the street."
Mr van der Veen says: "Of course we know that the young people don't all come to Amsterdam to see the tulips, but they have to very aware of what they take.
"If they go to a coffee shop and use some weed then that would not be a big problem, but when they start taking ecstasy or cocaine they have to be aware of the danger because you cant see the difference between cocaine and white heroin.
"If you look at ecstasy some people aren't aware of how strong it sometimes is and they can get into trouble by taking too many pills," he adds.
The police have yet to release the names of the two men who died on Tuesday.
The Foreign Office says it's providing assistance to family members.
Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube
On the same week Hoboken Mayor Dawn Zimmer kicked off her re-election effort, the virtual assemblyman-elect in LD 33 took aim at her in a lawsuit filed in the Superior Court of New Jersey.
Head of the local Housing Authority, Carmelo Garcia alleges that Zimmer and her allies tried to buffalo him in his official capacity into taking their side in a political theater of war that boiled down to yuppies versus Hispanics.
Garcia in his lawsuit says the mayor wanted him to aid and abet the eradication of Hispanics in Hoboken and replace them with yups.
“Mayor Zimmer's version of the Vision 20/20 project was essentially an ethnic cleansing initiative in which Mayor Zimmer… sought to replace Hoboken's minorities with white affluent voters,” the suit alleges. “By increasing the number of whites in Hoboken, Mayor Zimmer sought to increase her political base among the new guard. Mayor Zimmer did not generally enjoy the support of Hoboken's minorities.”
Zimmer says hogwash.
But Garcia said as part of the mayor's scheme to gain political power in Hoboken, she and her chief of staff implemented an unwritten policy of political patronage to reward her supporters through government contracts, employment benefits and other tangible and government privileges.
“In May 2012, Mayor Zimmer sought to implement her ethnic cleansing plan, and rewarding her political supporters, by taking control of the HHA Board and thereby exerting control over the day-to-day operations… To carry out her scheme… Zimmer… resorted to a pattern of harassment, threats, intimidation and extortion.”
Included in his allegations is Garcia's assertion that HHA Board Chairman Jake Stuvier approached Garcia with instructions from the mayor to give a government contract to a “particular law firm, which is politically connected to Mayor Zimmer.”
“In furtherance of her scheme to replace the old guard, Mayor Zimmer sought to promote individuals to government positions who were mostly white and whom, directly or indirectly endorsed her political views and policies,” said Garcia, who said he felt punished when he wouldn't cooperate.
Garcia is on the November ballot on the line with incumbent state Sen. Brian P. Stack (D-33).
Zimmer is running in the November re-election against challenger Assemblyman Ruben Ramos (D-33).
“Sadly, the fact is, Mr. Garcia invited my husband to lunch, taped him, and tried to trick him into saying something that he could then use to try and extort me in my capacity as mayor,” Zimmer said in a statement. “Since my husband is an honest and honorable man, and Mr. Garcia is not, the only person incriminated on the tape is Mr. Garcia.”
Joseph Coffey, a New York City detective sergeant who took the confession of the serial killer known as Son of Sam, arrested John J. Gotti three times, trailed a minor mobster from Little Italy to Germany in a case that implicated the Vatican Bank, and danced with Nancy Reagan at the Waldorf one night when he was assigned to guard her, died on Sept. 27 at his home in Levittown, N.Y. He was 77.
The cause was complications of a heart condition, his wife, Susan Elise Coffey, said.
“He was instinctive, he understood people, and when you were in his cross hairs he knew everything about you,” said Jerry Schmetterer, who collaborated with Sergeant Coffey on “The Coffey Files: One Cop's War Against the Mob,” which was published in 1992.
Sergeant Coffey's other exploits included the investigation of the 1978 Lufthansa heist at Kennedy International Airport (about $5 million in cash was stolen from a cargo-area vault) and the 1975 bombing of Fraunces Tavern in Lower Manhattan by the Puerto Rican nationalist group F.A.L.N.
Later, as the principal investigator for New York State's Organized Crime Task Force, he pursued the so-called Commission Case against the bosses of the city's top organized crime families. (Four were convicted in 1986, and another was killed under orders by Mr. Gotti and succeeded by him.)
ABOVE: Watch Ben Tracy report on the investigation that led to actress Daniele Watts being placed in handcuffs.
LOS ANGELES – Actress Daniele Watts, who appeared in Django Unchained, is complaining that she was handcuffed and briefly put in the back of a squad car after a public display of affection with her white companion.
Brian Lucas told KCBS-TV in a joint interview with Watts that he suspects police mistook the black actress for a prostitute “because he was asking me questions like, ‘Who is she? How do you know her? Are you together?”
The Los Angeles Police Department said Sunday that officers detained the pair after a complaint that two people were “involved in indecent exposure” in a silver Mercedes. Watts was detained until police determined no crime was committed.
According to TMZ, eyewitnesses told police that Watts was having sex with Lucas in their car with the door open.
Watts told the station that she and Lucas were embracing in the car Thursday when police showed up. The station said the two have been dating for the past year.
“I knew that the clearest thing for me to do was to own my right as a free person and say, ‘I haven't done anything wrong and I know I'm not required to give you my ID,'” she said.
WATCH: Django Unchained actress Daniele Watts explains the series of events that led to being detained.
Watts said she walked away and another officer put her in handcuffs and into the back of a patrol car. She was let go after police identified her.
“I don't have to feel ashamed for being who I am and that's really where the tears were coming from,” Watts said, referring to a cellphone video of her in the incident.
Los Angeles police Lt. Andrew Neiman said Monday that citizens are required to identify themselves if requested to do so by an officer who has reasonable suspicion to believe an offence may have been committed.
On Monday, TMZ posted audio recordings captured by the investigating officers' body mics.
In one, Watts is heard refusing Sgt. Jim Parker's demands to see her identification.
“You know how many times the cops have been called just for being black? Just because I'm black and he's white. I'm just being really honest, sir,” she told Parker.
“You can take me down to the court office and I can make a scene about it. And you know what, I have a publicist and I work as an actor.”
In a conversation with another officer, Watts asks: “I think I'd like to identify you to my publicist.”
– with files by Global News
An attack of the grumps can make you communicate better, it is suggested In a bad mood? Don't worry - according to research, it's good for you. An Australian psychology expert who has been studying emotions has found being grumpy makes us think more clearly. In contrast to those annoying happy types, miserable people are better at decision-making and less gullible, his experiments showed. While cheerfulness fosters creativity, gloominess breeds attentiveness and careful thinking, Professor Joe Forgas told Australian Science Magazine. 'Eeyore days' The University of New South Wales researcher says a grumpy person can cope with more demanding situations than a happy one because of the way the brain "promotes information processing strategies". Negative moods trigger more attentive, careful thinking, paying greater attention to the external world
Professor Joe Forgas He asked volunteers to watch different films and dwell on positive or negative events in their life, designed to put them in either a good or bad mood. Next he asked them to take part in a series of tasks, including judging the truth of urban myths and providing eyewitness accounts of events. Those in a bad mood outperformed those who were jolly - they made fewer mistakes and were better communicators. Professor Forgas said: "Whereas positive mood seems to promote creativity, flexibility, co-operation and reliance on mental shortcuts, negative moods trigger more attentive, careful thinking, paying greater attention to the external world." The study also found that sad people were better at stating their case through written arguments, which Forgas said showed that a "mildly negative mood may actually promote a more concrete, accommodative and ultimately more successful communication style". His earlier work shows the weather has a similar impact on us - wet, dreary days sharpened memory, while bright sunny spells make people forgetful. We asked you for your views on this story. Please find a selection of your comments below. Halleluiah! I intend to show this to everyone who's ever branded me with various epithets for being "negative".
Marcy Sheiner, USA Being grumpy raises my blood pressure and I usually make wrong decisions when I am grumpy. I usually sleep on it, relax and then make a decision which is usually the correct decision. I don't like grumpy people and I usually avoid them.
Iftikharuddin Faruqui, Pakistan Absolutely right. There is certainly no point that I can see in viewing the world through rose-coloured spectacles. Anybody who wanders through life in a continuous state of bonhomie either has no idea what's going on around them or simply doesn't care! All my close friends are similar in temperament. We would inevitably consider those who do not fit the criteria to be shallow and lacking in perception. And yes, I am still at peace within myself for all the reasons stated in the article.
Dave Gordon, Exeter, UK I am generally a very grumpy person, but I have definitely noticed my decision making and general awareness is far higher than that of my friends who are normally much happier, jollier and generally carefree. I love being grumpy, it's clearly an advantage!
David James Keeves, Loughborough, UK Ah! This study provides a plausible explanation of Schopenhauer's philosophical clarity and superb prose. And yet, paradoxically, the Great Grump has had a more profound influence beyond philosophy, in the realm of all those cheerful, creative artists.
Cheryl F, South Kingstown, Rhode Island, USA I find I am happier when I am just a little grumpy. The grumpy feeling seems to aid me in concentrating on menial tasks. Maybe in this stressful modern era a touch of grumpy is all that's needed rather than anti-depressants and other drugs.
Derek Penn, Falmouth, Cornwall, UK As a self-confessed misery, I work on the premise that "misery is the thinking man's happiness". With misery comes a distinctive humour and a more realistic outlook on life, that actually makes me a more rounded and "real" person than those around me with a painted smile on their faces. I enjoy being grumpy and wouldn't have it any other way.
Dave Woods, Coventry, UK Could it not also be argued or proven, possibly, that making decisions while grumpy can lead one to make rash decisions? Or is that only when you're angry - since angry and grumpy are not the same thing?
Parker, Louisiana, USA I'm often identified by friends as someone who can be pessimistic, sometimes without any real reason. I also tick the box of sceptic - which I guess goes under the category of being less gullible. I won't say any more about my intelligence for fear of immodesty!
Chris Baker, Southampton, UK I work with the grumpiest man in the world and he doesn't seem to be any more clever than me!
Gary, Watford, UK Being grumpy or depressed goes hand in hand with thinking. When you're continually happy you can just skim along on the surface of life and not examine anything too deeply. Which is cause and which is effect, I don't know.
Amanda, Ely, UK
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sven Baertschi lasted in Flames main camp for most of the preseason, but on Oct. 5 - his birthday - he was one of the club's final cuts. It was yet another chapter in the now-22-year-old winger's steady fall in the organization, even though he's improved with each passing year.
Since posting impressive junior stats and scoring three goals on emergency recall, what was once the golden child of Flames prospects has been in free fall. First he made the team, was demoted, was recalled. Then, this past season, he made the team, was demoted, and never came back up.
Now we're at the start of the 2014-15 season, and despite having improved over his three years with the Flames organization, Baertschi couldn't crack the opening roster.
Baertschi: "I'm in-between being sad and just really confused." Believes he did everything asked him since last season. #Flames — Randy Sportak (@SUNRandySportak) October 5, 2014
You can't blame him.
Naturally, his demotion caused a stir, and so, Brad Treliving had to comment on it. As he told the Calgary Herald's Kristen Odland:
"I don't want the thought process to be now that Sven is gone he will never be heard from again. He's gotta continue to push a long, continue to get better as a young player and wait for his opportunity."
That's all well and good, and Treliving is absolutely correct. There's no reason to think that we'll never see Sven again.
That is, aside from recent history. Baertschi has, by and large, been jerked around by the Flames organization. Some of it is on him - just one assist in 10 games of your rookie pro season isn't going to do you any favours - but a fair amount of blame falls on Flames brass. He scored 11 points over 26 games at the start of the 2013 season, while his linemate and guy-he-had-actual-chemistry-with, Sean Monahan, managed all five more over the same number (with a shooting percentage roughly 14% better, i.e., unsustainable).
And yet it was Baertschi who was scapegoated and healthy scratched when the Flames weren't playing well. Out of all players to lay the blame on, the rebuilding organization chose to use that card on one of its top prospects.
Baertschi took the demotion, struggled, worked through it, and came back better than before. And yet, he was still cut. What this all results in is a very demoralized prospect that both parties take fault for, and it isn't a good look.
Treliving added:
"Positionally-wise, [left wing is] probably the most crowded position we have."
This is true. While we can point to David Jones and Devin Setoguchi and say, "But Baertschi was better than them," they weren't necessarily competing for the same spots. Jones and Seto play on the right, an area the Flames lack, while Baertschi's natural position is on the left.
Left wingers he's had to compete with have included Mason Raymond, Curtis Glencross, and fellow prospect Johnny Gaudreau. He wasn't likely to beat out the two veterans, and Gaudreau has been one of the Flames' best players, period, at camp. There simply wasn't much room for him.
In part because the Flames made it that way. Under Brian Burke and Treliving, there has been an emphasis placed on toughness, and with that comes the need for not just one fighter on the team (Brian McGrattan), but two (Brandon Bollig) (and even three [Deryk Engelland, but he's on defence]). It's asinine and overkill. The Flames could just as easily forego the idea of having a line suited solely to five minutes a game of punching faces. It's entirely within their power to create additional space for prospects, and even out the distribution of ice time in the forward ranks so it's beneficial for all. The only thing stopping them from doing that is themselves.
So when the Flames say, "We just didn't have room for Sven," remember: they're the ones who made it that way. Nobody forced them to trade for Bollig. Nobody forced them to give McGrattan a career high in games played in 2013-14. They went out of their way to do these things, and they had to have known it was going to cost not just Baertschi, but other prospects, spots.
So where do we go from here? When do we see Sven back in the NHL? Probably when one of the left wingers gets hurt or traded. As Treliving once again pointed out:
"The opening day roster is just that. But after that things can change in a hurry ... we've got guys right now that are on the cusp of being there."
Raymond played all 82 games last season, and he's finally earned his big contact, so it's probably not going to be him.
Glencross, on the other hand, has never played a full season in his career. He had just a paltry 38 games this past season due to a variety of injuries. Watch out for him to not only be potentially shelved, but perhaps even traded, because he's in a contract year, and demanding term and money. For as much as he loves Calgary, the Flames probably shouldn't re-sign him: he's getting older, and like Treliving said, the Flames are deep not only at left wing, but with left wing prospects as well (hi, Emile Poirier! [ed: Although he is apparently a right winger, so actually, that's even better.] Hello, Michael Ferland!).
Then there's Gaudreau. Gaudreau is good. Gaudreau has proven himself at every level. Gaudreau has also never played 82 games a year. We don't know if he'll be able to handle the full schedule in his rookie pro year. He might, and that would be ideal, but if he can't, well, then there's Sven.
Of course, the Flames will also have a spare forward, so if somebody gets hurt they may just not bother with Baertschi at all, and just slot in whoever their extra man is and call it a day. It would fit with Baertschi's time with Calgary thus far.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption An interior ministry spokesperson describes the scene
At least 14 people have been killed in a suicide bomb and gun attack on a restaurant popular with foreigners in the Afghan capital, officials say.
Foreigners, including an IMF representative from Lebanon and a Briton, were also among those killed in Kabul's Wazir Akbar Khan neighbourhood.
The area is home to a number of foreign embassies and organisations - the UN said four of its staff were missing.
The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack on the Taverna du Liban.
The restaurant is popular with foreign nationals, diplomats and aid workers, and was busy with diners at the time of the attack.
A suicide attacker detonated his explosives outside the gate of the heavily-fortified restaurant, Deputy Interior Minister Mohammad Ayoub Salangi said.
Two gunmen then entered the restaurant and started "indiscriminately killing" people inside.
Mr Salangi said four women were among the dead.
The UK Foreign Office (FCO) confirmed that a British national was among those killed in the incident and that it was ready to provide consular assistance to the person's family.
International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde later said Wabel Abdallah - the head of the fund's Afghanistan office - was among those who died.
"This is tragic news, and we at the fund are all devastated," Ms Lagarde said in a statement.
Abdul Majid, a chef at the restaurant, told AFP news agency that he was sitting with his friends "in the kitchen when an explosion happened and smoke filled the kitchen".
"A man came inside shouting and he started shooting. One of my colleagues was shot and fell down. I ran to the roof and threw myself to the neighbouring property."
Taliban claim
The well-known owner of the restaurant was also among those killed.
The attackers were eventually shot dead by the security forces when they arrived at the scene.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The restaurant's chef, Abdul Majid, was among those injured
The BBC's Mahfouz Zubaide heard the blast and gunfire from at least two kilometres away. He said the gunfire went on sporadically for about 10 minutes.
Several hours later, UN officials in Kabul said four of its personnel, who may have been in the area at the time, were still unaccounted for.
"The UN is making efforts to clarify the status of its personnel," spokesman Ari Gaitanis told AFP.
The Taliban has claimed responsibility for the attack, saying it had been deliberately targeting foreign officials.
Security continues to be a major concern in Afghanistan. The last remaining contingent of Nato-led forces is due to leave by the end of the year, having handed over security to Afghan forces.
Washington is pushing Afghan President Hamid Karzai to sign an agreement which would allow some US troops to stay behind after this year's withdrawal.
The Taliban told the BBC's John Simpson earlier this week that it was now back in control of large areas of Afghanistan and was confident of returning to power after Western troops left.
Our correspondent says it is hard to believe the Taliban could make a comeback as things stand, but their takeover of Kabul in 1996 was unexpected, and they could be strengthened if a weak, corrupt president is elected in April.
SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (AP) – Gov. Bruce Rauner has signed legislation to try to curb gun violence in Chicago by punishing people convicted of firearm trafficking with long prison sentences.
The bill the Republican governor signed Tuesday in Chicago will impose a sentence of up to 20 years for a first offense. A subsequent conviction for trafficking guns into Illinois from other states will be punishable by up to 30 years.
A 2014 report from the Chicago mayor's office concluded that nearly 60 percent of the guns used in Chicago are traced to neighboring states where it's easier to buy guns. Illinois requires permits to screen for criminal records and other disqualifiers. The report found that about 20 percent of illegal guns come from Indiana where no permit is required.
'China disrespects the rights of its citizens.' 'The country is mostly pursuing its own goals.' 'China could replace the US as the world's leading superpower.' All these statements would likely find broad backing in the German population. In such polls, Germans tend to be even more skeptical than other nations. That's what the Pew Research Center in Washington found in a current study. Only one-in-four Germans has a positive image of China.
For consultant Therese Geulen those results are no big surprise. The East Asia expert advises companies who want to reorganize their efforts in China. Geulen sees an aggressive Chinese foreign policy. "China has a lot of self-esteem, believing its place in the world should be at the top." And that is causing concern in many other countries.
Ignorance and misunderstanding
China's economic rise has many Germans nervous
Germans, who are doing business with China, often complain about the "mean Chinese," Geulen explains. But most problems actually stem from misunderstandings and ignorance. Whoever knows one part of China should not assume to also understand the rest of the country. The same goes for Europe. "Spain isn't Luxembourg," Geulen told DW. "The negative picture of China is also partly because Chinese are not as charming as Italians or Americans. They always seem rather dry," she explains. But if one got to know Chinese people on a more personal level, one would of course see a lot of depth, knowledge and interest.
Ignorance is the biggest problem, Carsten Senz thinks. In Germany, he works for the Chinese company Huawei. A few months ago, he co-curated a study by the company looking into the picture Germans have of China. The study showed that only seven percent of Germans actually know something about China. "The fear of China can't really be pinned down to exact details," Senz says. "The fear is difficult to grasp." What is perhaps most easily put into words is the fear of Beijing's economic power. But that, in turn, has benefited the German economy a lot.
Similarities and differences
In terms of business, Germany and China are doing quite well together
The Huawei study also came to the conclusion that a majority of Germans see China as a threat in many repects, partly because of the human rights situation, partly because of its growing economic power. But Senz says that one should distinguish between politics and the economy on the one hand and people on the other. He studied sinology and lived and worked in China. He also sees many similarities between Germans and Chinese.
Consultant Geulen also confirms that Germans and Chinese can work together quite well. "If the teams are set up properly, there can be a lot of creativity, team spirit and enjoyment." In German-Japanese teams, for instance, this is more difficult, she says.
Friends and foes
Between Japanse and Chinese there are significant problems. The Pew Research study has shown that of countries in the poll, Japanese have the most negative view of China. Only five percent had anything good to say about their neighbor. The two countries still have border disputes and are historic rivals. Four-out-of-five Japanese say that these problems are big, or very big.
China's best friends are in Malaysia, Pakistan, Kenya and Senegal. Also some Latin American countries have a positive image of China. Although the picture across Europe is rather negative, Greece begs to differ. Some 59 percent have a positive take on Beijing. Huawei's Carsten Senz believes this could be linked to China's economic and financial power. "China has invested in Greece and created jobs." In Greece's current economic situation, this could have a positive impact on the image of China.
As different as the views on China are around the world, the Chinese themselves don't see themselves as being portrayed correctly. The Pew poll also found that a majority of 56 percent of Chinese believe their country needs more positive recognition around the globe.
Pathogen pollution in Michigan's lakes and rivers – caused by human and animal waste draining into surface waters – is far more widespread than previously documented, according to new state data.
The identification of rivers impaired by potentially harmful pathogens has more than doubled in recent years – from 3,359 miles in 2008 to 7,232 miles in 2012, according to a draft of the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality's 2014 impaired waters report http://1.usa.gov/1aTHlZz obtained by Bridge.
Kevin Goodwin, a DEQ senior aquatic biologist, attributed the increase in pathogen pollution to local and state agencies testing more rivers for fecal matter.
“The changes we are seeing reflect better monitoring by the department, not a big change in water quality,” Goodwin said. “The more you look, the more you find.”
Pathogens in surface water can cause a variety of health problems in people who come in contact with contaminated water: stomach ailments, rashes and, in extreme cases, organ failure or death.
News and Analysis from The Center for Michigan
Most of the rivers impaired by pathogen pollution are in southern lower Michigan, where there is a greater concentration of people, sewers, leaky septic tanks and farms, according to the report and DEQ officials.
The DEQ report is a biennial inventory of lakes and rivers that have been degraded by chemical or biological pollutants, excessive sedimentation or man-made alterations.
Overall, the report concluded, water quality is good to excellent in most of Michigan's 872,109 acres of inland lakes, 76,425 miles of rivers and the 41,267 square miles of Great Lakes waters within the state's borders.
But pathogen pollution has become more widespread. And a lingering problem – airborne mercury and PCBs from sources around the world raining down on surface waters and contaminating some species of fish – continues to haunt most of the state's lakes and rivers, the report said. A statewide advisory urging people to limit consumption of certain fish, due to widespread mercury contamination, has been in place for years.
“When you look at the whole state, (water quality) looks pretty bleak, but things look better when you remove the mercury and PCB listings,” said Goodwin, who managed the state's impaired waters report.
Man-made causes
Aerial photo shows winter application of livestock manure on a snow-covered farm field in Lenawee County. Farmers spread manure on frozen and snow-covered fields to fertilize soil. Critics say the practice threatens nearby surface waters. State officials say itâÂÂs safe when done properly. (Photo courtesy of Lighthawk)
State officials said many sources contribute to pathogens in surface waters: Municipal sewer overflows, polluted stormwater runoff, leaky septic tanks and manure draining off farm fields.
James Clift, policy director for the Michigan Environmental Council, said the state Legislature should use some of the current budget surplus to better protect lakes and rivers that are pillars of the state's $17-billion tourism industry.
“We should invest some of this money into protecting Pure Michigan and maintaining our edge in the tourism industry – and that requires keeping our lakes and rivers clean,” Clift said. “If the product we are selling is Pure Michigan, what are we doing to protect the product?”
Reducing pathogen pollution in surface waters will require reductions in municipal sewer overflow, cracking down on leaky septic tanks across the state and reducing manure runoff from farm fields, according to state officials and environmental groups.
Once the state report is finalized, it will guide state efforts to clean up and restore damaged rivers and lakes, said Shannon Briggs, a DEQ toxicologist. There is much work ahead.
According to the report:
Of the 7,733 river miles assessed for pathogen pollution, 98.4 percent were deemed periodically unfit for swimming. Local health departments are responsible for posting advisories at polluted lakes and rivers, but most agencies only have funds to routinely monitor water quality at the most popular beaches.
The DEQ added 11 Great Lakes beaches to the list of impaired waters. Each of those beaches – scattered across lakes Michigan, Huron and Superior – had potentially unsafe levels of pathogens in the water on multiple occasions in 2011-2012. In each case, health officials posted multiple advisories urging swimmers to stay out of the water when bacteria level spiked. Because it takes roughly 24 hours to analyze water samples, health officials have said that some people end up swimming in polluted waters before the tests results come back and health advisories are posted.
Map of Michigan rivers with high levels of pathogen pollution in 2012, the most recent data available. Farm manure, sewer overflow and leaking septic tanks are blamed for fecal waste in state waters. Most water tested for high waste levels is in southern lower Michigan.
95 percent of rivers assessed also failed to meet water-quality standards for PCBs or mercury in fish.
84 percent of inland lakes and reservoirs that were assessed failed to meet water quality standards for PCBS or mercury in fish.
None of the 42,167 square miles of Great Lakes waters within Michigan's boundaries met water quality standards for persistent toxic chemicals in fish.
There were, however, some bright spots in the 2014 report:
More than 85 percent of all beaches on inland lakes and reservoirs that were assessed were safe for swimming.
The vast majority of rivers had healthy populations of macroinvertebrates, an indicator of biological health.
PCB concentrations in fish have decreased in some rivers.
Farms, septic tanks under the spotlight
Previous studies showed leaky septic tanks are polluting Michigan rivers and that farm runoff contributes to a resurgence of algae blooms in western Lake Erie. The algae bloom, which are large enough to be photographed from space, have prompted calls for tighter regulations on farms.
The International Joint Commission, a U.S.-Canada panel that monitors Great Lakes issues, recently urged all Great Lakes states to ban winter application of manure and municipal sewer sludge on frozen fields.
Farmers who spread manure on frozen and snow-covered fields say the practice fertilizes the soil. But manure spread on frozen fields can drain into nearby waterways during rain showers and when soils thaw.
New York already bans manure application on frozen ground and Indiana only allows it in emergencies. Michigan, Ohio and Pennsylvania allow winter manure applications under certain conditions, the IJC noted.
Jamie Clover Adams, director of the Michigan Department of Agriculture, said Michigan opposes a ban on winter manure application because the practice is tightly regulated in the state.
She said the largest livestock farms – so-called CAFOs (Concentrated Animal Feeding Operations, which house thousands of animals) – rarely spread manure in the winter because their operating permits require six months capacity in manure storage lagoons. “CAFOs aren't spreading manure in the winter because they've got enough storage to hold it until the spring comes,” Clover Adams said.
But Lynn Henning, a Lenawee County farmer and anti-CAFO activist who has documented what she portrays as numerous environmental violations by the massive livestock operations, said CAFOs routinely spread liquid manure on frozen and snow-covered fields.
“I had people calling me (in early January) saying that CAFO operators in Clinton County were spreading manure on snow covered fields, at night,” Henning said. “It's widespread in Michigan and all across the country.”
Clover Adams said it's unfair to single out agriculture as a major source of water pollution in Michigan.
“We're not perfect and I would never say we're not part of the problem,” she said of farmers. “But everyone is contributing – septic systems, municipal sewer overflows and things like that.”
Septic tanks failing, polluting
Michigan has about 1.3 million septic tanks that serve nearly one-third of all homes. On an average day, state residents and businesses flush 264 million gallons of wastewater into septic tanks, according to government data.
At any given time, about 10 percent of septic tanks in Michigan – 130,000 in all – fail and cause pollution, according to state estimates. An unknown quantity of raw sewage from those failed septic systems ends up in lakes, streams and underground aquifers that supply drinking water wells.
Studies show leaky septic tanks are polluting rivers, but little has been done to address the problem because Michigan's septic tank regulations have gaping holes, according to industry and government officials.
Michigan is the only state without a uniform septic code governing the design, installation and maintenance of the devices. Unlike many states, Michigan doesn't require septic tank inspections after they are installed.
Eleven Michigan counties have taken the initiative to require septic tank inspections when properties change hands. County officials said the programs have identified thousands of failed septic tanks and kept more than 100 million gallons of raw sewage from seeping into surface waters.
Legislative efforts to strengthen Michigan's septic tank regulations have repeatedly failed. The Legislature has considered six proposals since 2004 to enact a statewide septic system code, but all died in committee.
Groups representing local units of government, real estate agents and the septic tank industry have all expressed support for a statewide septic code. But concerns about turning real estate agents into septic tank police, or interfering with the authority of local governments to control land use has derailed legislative attempts to address the issue statewide.
“We've known about this issue of failing septic tanks for a decade,” said Clift, of the Michigan Environmental Council, “but the Legislature refuses to do anything about it.”
While Michigan lacks a statewide code, local governments cannot ignore leaky septic tanks threatening water quality. In a 2012 case that pitted the DEQ against Worth Township in Sanilac County, the Michigan Supreme Court ruled that municipalities are obliged to address sewage spills that cause water pollution.
©
, reprinted with permission. Bridge Magazine, a publication of
, produces independent, nonprofit public affairs journalism
.
PARIS — The Vatican took exceptional steps to clarify Pope Francis' message on homosexuality after it became known recently that he had met with Kim Davis, the Kentucky county clerk who opposes same-sex marriage. It issued a statement making clear that the meeting was not an endorsement of her views.
Now, the Vatican's stance on homosexuality has moved to the center of a long-building diplomatic standoff with France, though this time, it seems, clarity is not of the order.
The dispute between Paris and the Vatican has simmered quietly since January, when France put forward its nominee for ambassador to the Holy See, Laurent Stefanini, the chief of protocol for President François Hollande.
Nine months later, the Vatican still has not said whether it would accept Mr. Stefanini's credentials. Nor has it provided a public explanation for the delay.
When it comes to addressing America's disastrous war on drugs, the Obama administration appears to be moving in the right direction -- albeit very, very cautiously.
On the rhetorical front, all the president's men are saying the right things.
In his first interview since being confirmed, Obama's new drug czar, Gil Kerlikowske, said that we need to stop looking at our drug problem as a war. "Regardless of how you try to explain to people it's a 'war on drugs" or a 'war on product,'" he told the Wall Street Journal, "people see war as a war on them. We're not at war with people in this country."
He also said that it was time to focus more on treatment and less on incarceration.
Earlier this year, Attorney General Eric Holder announced that the federal government would no longer raid and prosecute distributors of medical marijuana who operate in accordance with state law in the 13 states where voters have made it legal.
Holder has also said that his department intends to eliminate the outrageous and prejudicial sentencing disparity between crack and powder cocaine.
And while on the campaign trail, President Obama called for repealing the ban on federal funding for anti-AIDS programs that supply clean needles to drug users.
All positive signs that we are ready to move beyond our failed war on drugs.
But when it comes to putting its rhetoric into action, the Obama administration has faltered.
Just a week after the Attorney General said there would be no more medical marijuana raids, the DEA raided a licensed medical marijuana dispensary in California.
Obama's '09-'10 budget proposes to continue the longstanding ban on federal funding of needle exchange programs.
The current budget is still overwhelmingly skewed in favor of the drug war approach -- indeed, it allocates more to drug enforcement and less to prevention than even George Bush did.
Testifying today in front of the House Judiciary Committee, Holder, in his opening statement, called for a working group to examine federal cocaine sentencing policy: "Based on that review, we will determine what sentencing reforms are appropriate, including making recommendations to Congress on changes to crack and powder cocaine sentencing policy." A working group? Why? As a senator, Obama co-sponsored legislation (introduced by Joe Biden) to end the disparity. What further review is needed?
(To be fair, during questioning, Holder said he and the president both favored doing away with the crack/powder disparity and said that Justice would even consider doing away with mandatory minimums altogether. But why the initial equivocation and the use of the very familiar needs-further-review dodge?)
So the question becomes: is the Obama administration really committed to a fundamental shift in America's approach to drug policy or is this about serving up a kinder, gentler drug war?
And this at a time when the tide is clearly turning. Inspired by the massive budget crises facing many states, and the increase in drug violence both at home and abroad -- leaders on all points across the political spectrum appear more willing to rethink our ruinous drug policies.
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has called for "an open debate" and careful study of proposals to legalize, regulate, and tax marijuana. Former Mexican President Vicente Fox has also urged renewing the debate, saying that he isn't convinced taxing and regulating drugs is the answer but "why not discuss it?" Arizona Attorney General Terry Goddard, pointing to evidence that Mexican drug cartels draw 60 to 80 percent of their revenue from pot, suggested legalization might be an effective tool to combat Mexican drug traffickers and American gangs.
And, in a major shift in the global drug policy debate, a Latin American commission, headed by the former presidents Fernando Cardoso of Brazil, Ernesto Zedillo of Mexico, and Cesar Gavaria of Colombia issued a devastating report condemning America's 40-year war on drugs.
"Prohibitionist policies based on eradication, interdiction and criminalization of consumption simply haven't worked," the former presidents wrote in a joint op-ed. "The revision of U.S.-inspired drug policies is urgent in light of the rising levels of violence and corruption associated with narcotics. The alarming power of the drug cartels is leading to a criminalization of politics and a politicization of crime."
They called for "a paradigm shift in drug policies" that begins with "changing the status of addicts from drug buyers in the illegal market to patients cared for by the public health system."
And in Congress, Sen. Jim Webb has introduced legislation, with co-sponsors from both sides of the aisle, to create a blue-ribbon commission to examine criminal justice and drug policies and how they have led to our nation's jam-packed jails -- now filled with tens of thousands of nonviolent drug offenders.
"With so many of our citizens in prison compared with the rest of the world," Webb wrote in a recent Parade cover story, "there are only two possibilities: Either we are home to the most evil people on earth or we are doing something different--and vastly counterproductive. Obviously, the answer is the latter."
I understand that drugs continue to be a political hot potato, fueled by what the Latin American presidents described as "prejudices and fears that sometimes bear little relation to reality." And I can easily picture some on the president's team advising him to keep the issue on the backburner lest it turn into his "Don't Ask, Don't Tell."
But the cost of the drug war -- both human and financial -- is far too high to allow politics to dictate the administration's actions. Indeed, with all the budget cutting going on, how can anyone justify spending tens of billions of dollars a year on an unwinnable war against our own people?
Change won't be easy. The prison-industrial complex has a deeply vested interest in maintaining the status quo. Which is why we need to keep the pressure on the president and his team to follow through on their drug policy promises.
As with the regulation of Wall Street, real reform of our nation's drugs policies won't happen without someone in the administration making it a top priority.
The jury is still out on Kerlikowske. His law enforcement background could make him the drug war equivalent of Tim Geithner -- too enmeshed in the system he is tasked with overhauling.
Holder shows more promise. But he'll have to avoid the let's-have-a-working-group-review-decisions-that-have-already-been-decided approach.
As a reminder, I'm planning to send the Attorney General a few copies of This Is Your Country On Drugs, a book out next month on the history of drug use and drug policy in America by our HuffPost Congressional correspondent Ryan Grim. In it, he argues that the goal of U.S. policy should not be to eliminate drugs, but to prevent and treat the addiction and other problems that come with them: "As currently understood and implemented, drug policy attempts to isolate a phenomenon that can't be taken in isolation. Economic policy is drug policy. Healthcare policy is drug policy. Foreign policy, too, is drug policy. When approached in isolation, drug policy almost always leads to unfortunate and unintended consequences."
Mara: Idols is racist
Johannesburg – A race row has erupted around the TV reality show Idols after one of the judges, Mara Louw, lashed out to reporters about the new Idol, Elvis Blue.
She said Idols was full of racism and if M-Net did not soon sell the competition to the SABC, South Africans would never have a black winner.
Louw said: "L'loyd should have won. Finish and klaar!"
"Black people don't have access to DStv," said Louw. "So a large part of South Africa is excluded. White people vote for white people and black people get the short end of the stick."
It is the first time that an Idols judge comes out to slam a winning Idol. Her comments may affect her role in the popular series in future.
Although the numbers showed that Elvis got almost twice as many votes as L'loyd, Louw said: "South Africans are still racist."
Third judge Randall Abrahams said he disagreed. "To say that white people vote white and black people vote black, you have to know every person who is voting and know who he is voting for. And this is impossible."
"M-Net gained many black viewers. How do you know that black people didn't vote for Elvis? People stopped voting long ago for only singing talent, they vote for the whole package. And in any case, it is the white people who buy the albums," said Abrahams.
M-Net spokesperson Lani Lombard said people voted for talent and not race. She said the top four were a clear indication of this. She said Idols was also not limited to DStv and that the Idols were introduced to people on radio stations, in local newspapers and even public performances.
Naomi Klein spoke at the Vatican yesterday introducing People and Planet First: the Imperative to Change Course at a high-level meeting to explore Pope Francis' encyclical, which was released on June 18.
Here's the video of the full press conference. Other speakers included Prof. Ottmar Edenhofer, co-chair of Working Group III of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and Bernd Nilles, secretary general of the International Alliance of Catholic Development Organisations.
Here are the prepared remarks by Naomi Klein:
Thank you. I want to extend my heartfelt gratitude to the Pontifical Council for Justice and Peace and to CIDSE for hosting us here, and for convening this remarkable 2-day gathering that I'm very much looking forward to.
It's also a real honour to be here supporting and indeed celebrating the historic publication of the Pope's encyclical.
Pope Francis writes early on that Laudato Si' is not only a teaching for the Catholic world but for “every person living on this planet.” And I can say that as a secular Jewish feminist who was rather surprised to be invited to the Vatican, it certainly spoke to me.
“We are not God,” the encyclical states. All humans once knew this. But about 400 years ago, dizzying scientific breakthroughs made it seem to some that humans were on the verge of knowing everything there was to know about the Earth, and would therefore be nature's “masters and possessors,” as René Descartes so memorably put it. This, they claimed, was what God had always wanted.
That theory held for a good long time. But subsequent breakthroughs in science have told us something very different. Because when we were burning ever larger amounts of fossil fuels—convinced that our container ships and jumbo jets had leveled the world, that we were as gods—greenhouse gases were accumulating in the atmosphere and relentlessly trapping heat.
And now we are confronted with the reality that we were never the master, never that boss—and that we are unleashing natural forces that are far more powerful than even our most ingenious machines. We can save ourselves, but only if we let go of the myth of dominance and mastery and learn to work with nature—respecting and harnessing its intrinsic capacity for renewal and regeneration.
And this brings us to the core message of interconnection at the heart of the encyclical. What climate change reaffirms—for that minority of the human species that ever forgot—is that there is no such thing as a one-way relationship of pure mastery in nature. As Pope Francis writes, “Nothing in this world is indifferent to us.”
For some who see interconnection as a cosmic demotion, this is all too much to bear. And so—actively encouraged by fossil-fuel funded political actors—they choose to deny the science.
Read page 1
But that is already changing as the climate changes. And it will likely change more with the publication of the encyclical. This could mean real trouble for American politicians who are counting on using the Bible as cover for their opposition to climate action. In this regard, Pope Francis's trip to the U.S. this September could not be better timed.
Yet as the encyclical rightly points out, denial takes many forms. And there are many across the political spectrum and around the world who accept the science but reject the difficult implications of the science.
I have spent the past two weeks reading hundreds of reactions to the encyclical. And though the response has been overwhelmingly positive, I have noticed a common theme among the critiques. Pope Francis may be right on the science, we hear, and even on the morality, but he should leave the economics and policy to the experts. They are the ones who know about carbon trading and water privatization, we are told, and how effectively markets can solve any problem.
I forcefully disagree. The truth is that we have arrived at this dangerous place partly because many of those economic experts have failed us badly, wielding their powerful technocratic skills without wisdom. They produced models that placed scandalously little value on human life, particularly on the lives of the poor, and placed outsized value on protecting corporate profits and economic growth.
That warped value system is how we ended up with ineffective carbon markets instead of strong carbon taxes and high fossil fuel royalties. It's how we ended up with a temperature target of 2 degrees which would allow entire nations to disappear—simply because their GDPs were deemed insufficiently large.
In a world where profit is consistently put before both people and the planet, climate economics has everything to do with ethics and morality. Because if we agree that endangering life on Earth is a moral crisis, then it is incumbent on us to act like it.
That doesn't mean gambling the future on the boom and bust cycles of the market. It means policies that directly regulate how much carbon can be extracted from the earth. It means policies that will get us to 100 per cent renewable energy in 2-3 decades—not by the end of the century. And it means allocating common, shared resources—like the atmosphere—on the basis of justice and equity, not winners-take-all.
That's why a new kind of climate movement is fast emerging. It is based on the most courageous truth expressed in the encyclical: that our current economic system is both fueling the climate crisis and actively preventing us from taking the necessary actions to avert it. A movement based on the knowledge that if we don't want runaway climate change, then we need system change.
And because our current system is also fueling ever widening inequality, we have a chance, in rising to the climate challenge, to solve multiple, overlapping crises at once. In short, we can shift to a more stable climate and fairer economy at the same time.
This growing understanding is why you are seeing some surprising and even unlikely alliances. Like, for instance, me at the Vatican. Like trade unions, Indigenous, faith and green groups working more closely together than ever before.
Inside these coalitions, we don't agree on everything—not by a long shot. But we understand that the stakes are so high, time is so short and the task is so large that we cannot afford to allow those differences to divide us. When 400,000 people marched for climate justice in New York last September, the slogan was “To change everything, we need everyone.”
Everyone includes political leaders, of course. But having attended many meetings with social movements about the COP summit in Paris, I can report this: there is zero tolerance for yet another failure being dressed up as a success for the cameras. Until a week later, when those same politicians are back to drilling for oil in the Arctic and building more highways and pushing new trade deals that make it far more difficult to regulate polluters.
Read page 1
If the deal fails to bring about immediate emission reductions while providing real and substantive support for poor countries, then it will be declared a failure. As it should be.
What we must always remember is that it's not too late to veer off the dangerous road we are on—the one that is leading us towards 4 degrees of warming. Indeed we could still keep warming below 1.5 degrees if we made it our top collective priority.
It would be difficult, to be sure. As difficult as the rationing and industrial conversions that were once made in wartime. As ambitious as the anti-poverty and public works programs launched in the aftermath of the Great Depression and the Second World War.
But difficult is not the same as impossible. And giving up in the face of a task that could save countless and lives prevent so much suffering—simply because it is difficult, costly and requires sacrifice from those of us who can most afford to make do with less—is not pragmatism.
It is surrender of the most cowardly kind. And there is no cost-benefit analysis in the world that is capable of justifying it.
“Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good.”
We have been hearing these supposedly serious-minded words for more than two decades. For the entire lifetime of today's young climate activists. And every time another UN summit fails to deliver bold, legally-binding and science-based polices, while sprinkling empty promises of reshuffled aid money, we hear those words again. “Sure it's not enough but it's a step in the right direction.” “We'll do the harder work next time.” And always: “Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good.”
This, it must be said inside these hallowed walls, is pure nonsense. “Perfect” left the station in the mid-1990s, after the first Rio Earth Summit. Today, we have only two roads in front of us: difficult yet humane—and easy yet reprehensible.
To our so-called leaders preparing their pledges for COP 21 in Paris, getting out the lipstick and heels to dress up another lousy deal, I have this to say: Read the actual encyclical—not the summaries, the whole thing. Read it and let it into your hearts. The grief at what we have already lost, and the celebration of what we can still protect and help to thrive.
Listen, too, to the voices of the hundreds of thousands who will be on the streets of Paris outside the summit, gathered simultaneously in cities around the world. This time, they will be saying more than “we need action.” They will be saying: we are already acting.
We are the solutions: in our demands that institutions divest their holdings from fossil fuel companies and invest them in the activities that will lower emissions.
In our ecological farming methods, which rely less on fossil fuels, provide healthy food and work and sequester carbon.
In our locally-controlled renewable energy projects, which are bringing down emissions, keeping resources in communities, lowering costs and defining access to energy as a right.
In our demand for reliable, affordable and even free public transit, which will get us out of the cars that pollute our cities, congest our lives, and isolate us from one another.
In our uncompromising insistence that you cannot call yourself a climate leader while opening up vast new tracks of ocean and land to oil drilling, gas fracking and coal mining. We have to leave it in the ground.
In our conviction that you cannot call yourself a democracy if you are beholden to multinational polluters.
Around the world, the climate justice movement is saying: See the beautiful world that lies on the other side of courageous policy, the seeds of which are already bearing ample fruit for any who care to look.
Then, stop making the difficult the enemy of the possible.
And join us in making the possible real.
YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE
8 Major Cities Running Out of Water
June 2015 Smashes Heat and Rainfall Records in U.S.
David Suzuki, Pope Francis and Dalai Lama All Agree: It's Time to #ActOnClimate
No, I don't know why there's so much fighting in my fics as of late.
"Well ain't you scary-lookin'. What's with the mask, love? You one of those White Fang folks? A dirty Faunus?" The four men slowly circled the red-clad, masked woman. They could totally take her for a go, right? Sure, she appeared to be a huntress, but still – four against one is still piss-poor odds.
"Stand down and I won't hurt you." The voice from behind the mask was amplified and distorted.
"Ooh, a voice modulator. Scary. GRAB HER!" Don't say I didn't warn you…
The woman reached for her sword, and in one swift draw she batted aside her first attacker, sending him sprawling past her. The next guy aimed a right hook towards her face. She grabbed his fist effortlessly in an iron grip, making him cry out in pain.
"I told you already…" She twisted his arm behind his back and put her other hand at the back of his head. Shoving him hard into the brick wall of the alley, she leaned in towards his face.
"… I don't. Have Time. With this." Letting the terrified man go, she refocused her attention to his compatriots just in time to dodge a swung plank, letting it shatter harmlessly against her armbrace.
"You guys really can't take a hint, can you? Fine. Kiddie gloves are off." Quickly unsheathing her blade, the woman swiped twice over the closest punk's arms. As she sheathed it, the sleeves on the man's shirt fluttered in the wind for a moment… then fell off. Giving her opponent no time to stare dumbfounded at his new sweater vest, she decked him with a swift blow to the jaw. Continuing onward in her motion, the woman hooked her leg around the second man's knees, felling him hard to the ground with an open palm strike to the chest. She grabbed the last man by the collar and pushed the panicking thug against the wall. Staring into the dark eyeholes of the woman's mask, he screamed.
"WHAT THE DUST ARE YOU?!" Raising a fist, the woman's voice echoed in the dark alley.
"Your worst nightmare." The last thing he saw before everything went dark was an armour-clad fist racing towards his face.
"That took too much time. She could be due any minute now…" The woman was crouching on a rooftop, figuring out in which direction she needed to go. She checked the map again on her scroll.
"Three kilometres northwest, huh? Got a lot of ground to cover, better get going." She expertly flipped off the roof and landed with almost no sound in the dark alley below.
"Well hello, beautiful…" Dust, what's WITH this town's criminal element tonight…
Without missing a beat, she jumped over the two men in front, simultaneously bashing their heads together behind her back as her boots met the skulls of the two men in back. Kicking off, she repositioned her arms and elbowed the men behind her hard in their backs. Following them down to the pavement, she lunged forward with both fists and hit both men in front of her in their tender bits. The altercation, all-in-all, had taken less than 40 seconds.
Screw this. I was trying to be polite and arrive by foot, but if I keep running into these creeps I'm not going to make it in time…
She once again unsheathed Umbrae Corvinus and swung it in a lazy vertical arc through the air. Milliseconds later, a dark portal appeared, hovering silently in place. The woman took a deep breath, and walked through.
Yang Xiao Long was in awe of the little bundle resting on her arm.
"Are you the love of your mothers' life? Yes you are! Yes you are!" She was so smitten with the dirt-blonde baby girl, gently stroking the back of her daughter's cat ears and cooing happily at the smiling baby, that she was momentarily surprised by a noise outside her field of attention (Babybabybaby! And she's mine!).
"Blake, is that you? Did you find the nutty chocolate I wan…ted?" As she turned towards the newcomer, ostensibly to receive the requested snack, she came eye to eye with a woman clad in red and black armour, her face obscured by a large, bone-white mask with red markings.
"Would you mind removing that mask, Raven? You're scaring the baby." As Raven walked over to a chair by the hospital bed her daughter was lying in, she plucked off the mask and attached it to her belt.
"… How late am I?" Raven rested a hand at the railing of the bed. Yang hoisted the laughing baby high as she smiled.
"This little bundle of joy plopped out around 30 minutes ago… But you're the first one to meet her, besides Blake." She held up the baby so she could get a look at the newcomer.
"Aurora Belladonna-Xiao Long, meet your grandmother – Raven Branwen." She looked Raven in the eyes as she handed her Aurora, Raven gently picking up her grandchild in wonder.
"I'm really glad you could be here now… Mom."
Raven could feel the tears welling at the corners of her eyes.
She didn't care.
AN: Actually it was supposed to only be three guys at first, but I typed quicker than I thought, and… meh. Cooler this way.
"One punch! One punch!"
Basically, for the past six months or so (in-story), Raven has been working hard to earn back Yang's respect. Until now, Yang has merely accepted her back in her life, but never once called her "mom".
Yang likes chocolate bars that have nuts in them, who knew.
I do not own RWBY, that's RoosterTeeth and Monty Oum.
*Conditions Apply. Excl VIC, NSW, SA & WA. Gamble Responsibly
An apprentice jockey in New Zealand has made an error that he nor his mates, will ever forget.
Rafi Firdhaus was riding Locally Sauced at Hokitika on New Zealand's south island on Wednesday when the jockey mistook the length of the race and went for home with a lap to go.
Firdhaus took the 5-year-old gelding to a huge length lead coming up the straight and had begun to pull up his mount following the finishing post. Only once the field began to overtake him did the jockey realise his error, there was still another lap to go.
Incredibly Firdhaus still managed to finish fourth on his mount.
Talk about going the early crow!
Apprentice jockey in NZ forgets about the remaining laps and claims the win mid race 😂 😂 😂 pic.twitter.com/nIS536osZ9 — TAB (@tabcomau) January 11, 2017
Deposit $50, Bet with $250 Get $200 in Racing Bonus Bets when you join and deposit $50!*
*Conditions Apply. Excl VIC, NSW, SA & WA. Gamble Responsibly
Lordship Lane is a high street in southeast London where new coffee shop chains have been subsumed in a mashup of traditional butchers, fishmongers, independent book shops, organic grocers, and gastropubs. Its residential cross streets, green and red with the lawns and brick terraces of Victorian houses, also happen to be the site of what many believe to be the last surviving 19th-century concrete residence in England. Now it has a rather more subtle companion nearby: into a derelict lot behind the high street, Jonathan Tuckey Design has tucked a luminous—yet partly concrete—house that is home to a couple and their two children, two whippet dogs, and a pair of generously sized ateliers.
On this irregular, interstitial lot, the architects drew the house around a light and air-embracing courtyard that faces the gardens of adjacent houses, its irregularity offset by the orderly face of the new building. The owners are a creative duo, and the home complements their multidisciplinary needs. Set decorator Steve Fox—who works on film sets in U.K. studios but doesn't bring his work home with him—maintains a motorbike garage of sorts in the ground-floor workshop, while his wife, Tracy, keeps an upholstery studio on the second floor. The Tuckey creative team, led by Peter Youthed, placed the workshop wing of the house next to the street, with the bedroom wing opposite, uniting the two with a double-height series, or enfilade, of living and dining rooms. Collared by these wings, the courtyard becomes what the architects imagined as an outdoor room, around which they organized the 3,068 square feet of interiors. “When the weather is warm and the doors are open on the ground floor, the courtyard becomes the central hall for the house,” Youthed says, “and you can walk from wing to wing through the garden.”
The Foxes wanted not an Eden, however, but a “warm[ly] brutalist” house. Both clients and architects agreed that industrial materials suited this sensibility, as well as the house's surroundings, so Jonathan Tuckey's team took cues from that context—the robust character of nearby brick houses and the former shabbiness of the lot—when choosing materials. The rear of the house, facing the once “scruffy” alley behind it, is now clad in matte corrugated fibre-cement board sheeting, while the façade looking onto the yard is smooth and translucent, dressed in a polycarbonate walling system by Rodeca that, under shifting light and weather conditions, constantly animates and gives texture to the entire courtyard. By applying these industrial materials precisely and with minimal detailing, the architectural team elevated their rough finishes, creating what they call “a noble shed”.
That feeling of nobility is communicated first and foremost by the formal qualities and orderly structure of the courtyard and the faces of the house that look onto it, as well as the gutterless “impluvium” roof treatment. Arguably, however, the materials also contribute to this perception, transforming light into an architectural element of the first order. Tuckey designers used materials that simultaneously appear enduring and gossamer, solid and deep, matte and luminous. “The materials we were really keen on were ones that had a [visual] softness even though they were cheap, rough-and-ready materials,” says Youthed, “[because] the dirty brick of the Victorian surroundings has a softness to it as well as a grittiness.” The architects used physical models and extensive sketching to explore how to unite the courtyard façades and kept large chunks of Rodeca floating around the office, usually on windowsills, in order to observe the changes it went through depending on the time of day and quality of light. Because nearly every room in the house faces the courtyard through this material, whether outside or in, an inhabitant's perception of the interiors is always influenced by the courtyard and the changes to which it is perennially subject.
Tuckey designers used materials that simultaneously appear enduring and gossamer, solid and deep, matte and luminous.
At the rear, the corrugated cement, which is typically used to build cattle sheds and barns in the English countryside, is durable and inexpensive, but in this context looks delicate. “When working up the design we talked about how Palladio did lots of projects where he basically turned farm buildings into palaces for the emerging merchant princes in the Veneto,” Youthed explains. “We thought of the house as a mixture of the very utilitarian and raw, but also as having a classical presence that followed from the choice of [using] a courtyard plan.”
The architectural materials also suggest textile layers. The polycarbonate panelling appears blurry and out of focus, and Youthed compares the cement fibre sheeting at the back to moleskin fabric. “Together the rhythm of the polycarbonate and the wavy profile of the cement seem to echo each other. We tried to accentuate the fabric-like qualities of these materials by sticking to a simple palette and detailing things simply,” he says. With a sheer façade they could hang large curtains for the sake of privacy while also reinforcing this vision of the façade as a semi-permeable fabric and of the courtyard as having unexpected depths. “Sometimes the translucent walls feel very thin, especially with the doors opened up to the garden, and the courtyard feels very present,” Youthed explains, “but you also feel that there are many layers between you and the exterior.”
With Tracy being an upholsterer by trade, one might have expected the interior of the house to be full of actual textiles subtly twinned with the strong complexion of the architectural materials. Instead, the interiors are relatively bare and sparsely furnished: quality over quantity. All the furnishings, objects, and art—including a text painting in the bedroom by Frieda Munro—were found by the clients. Furniture and fixtures, like the vanity table and chair in the master bedroom and the bathroom fittings, were reclaimed and sourced by the couple in the U.K. and during travels abroad. Tracy upholstered all the seating and designed the second-floor metal balustrade, and the stainless-steel kitchen was built to their design. In fact, many things in the house were made by them or their friends. The couple also chose to use very thin mortar joints in the blockwork walls flanking the brass-detailed dining room stairs in order to amplify the sense of a homogeneous block solid enough to (seem to) root the house in place.
Admittedly, views out of the house are somewhat limited. On the second floor, above the open living and dining room, a skylight beams down and windows open each end of a 22-metre walkway, the north-facing window offering a long view out over neighbouring houses, while the southern window frames an abstract composition that time has worn into a brick wall next door. The walls of the house are made to shelter its occupants from the city outside, but they also connect them to it. At times, those walls appear to be made of light.
Originally published on July 19, 2016.
Is the genre of true crime having a moment, or is that moment centuries old? Likely both, I would say. With Truman Capote's In Cold Blood celebrating its half-century publication year, and appetites for criminal justice stories broadened by the podcasts "Serial" and "Criminal," the documentaries The Jinx and Making a Murderer, and FX's 10-part American Crime Story: The People vs. OJ Simpson miniseries, true crime talk no longer seems confined to furtive whispers in fear of snobby people judging mass-market paperback covers. Never mind many of those mass market books are really great, and the snobs deserve to be judged harshly.
Murder is, of course, an awful, ugly business, and Americans in particular continue to crane their necks to get a peek at the worst of the wrecks. We want answers, we want justice, we want heroes, we want villains, and real-life crime offers so many of these and then some. Crime fiction may desire order of out chaos, but true crime is making sense of the chaos and hoping for catharsis in the meantime.
This list is by no means comprehensive and definitive. (That's why you won't see super-obvious choices like The Stranger Beside Me or Helter Skelter or The Executioner's Song. I love those books but they're on all the other lists.) But these books stuck with me weeks or decades after I first read them. I suspect they will have the same impact on you, too.
Minimum-wage earners will see their hourly pay increase next month for the first time since 2015.
Beginning Oct. 1, the minimum wage will increase from $11 an hour to $11.15 an hour.
The legislated increase has drawn criticism from both sides of the minimum-wage debate — including small businesses that would have preferred a freeze and labour advocates who argue a 15-cent increase still does not provide a living wage.
The increase is part of legislation introduced by the government in May that indexes minimum wage increases to inflation each year, but also includes a provision under which government can freeze the minimum wage in the event of an economic downturn.
Growth, Enterprise and Trade Minister Blaine Pedersen contends the increase is a balance between what is fair for businesses and good for workers.
"[The legislation] ensures Manitobans are able to take home more of their hard-earned money, while providing predictability for businesses that create jobs and generate growth in our economy," Pedersen said in a statement.
"This legislation provides a balanced, common-sense approach. It is in line with other provinces and reflects our government's commitment to workers, their families and small businesses throughout Manitoba."
The Progressive Conservatives drew heavy criticism last year when they chose not the raise the minimum wage after forming government. The previous NDP government had raised the minimum wage each year it was in power.
'A nickel and a dime'
Kevin Rebeck, the president of the Manitoba Federation of Labour, scoffed at the increase.
The MFL, a lobby group which represents the interests of several affiliated unions across Manitoba, has called on the government to move toward a $15-an-hour wage, in line with promises by the Alberta NDP and Ontario Liberal governments.
The provinces have pledged a phased-in approach that will see the minimum wage increase to $15 an hour by 2018 and 2019, respectively.
British Columbia's NDP government has also said it has plans to get to $15 per hour by 2021, and raised minimum wage by 50 cents this year, to $11.35.
"A nickel and a dime, that is what they [minimum-wage earners] are getting this year," said Rebeck.
"[The legislation] allows [the provincial government] to wash their hands of the real problems that they are creating and sustaining. It allows them to just allow the minimum wage to creep along without having to revisit it."
Increases hurt small business: CFIB
In Canada, $15 an hour has become the standard full-time wage that poverty and labour advocates argue is necessary for a household to meet its basic needs.
Meanwhile, the Canadian Federation of Independent Business said it would have preferred the government continued to freeze the wage at $11 an hour.
The small business lobby group has consistently called for a slow down of minimum-wage increases, arguing it is detrimental to businesses and in the end causes job loss.
"Minimum-wage hikes have a significant impact on [independent businesses'] bottom-line and their ability to employ people," said the CFIB's director of provincial affairs, Jonathan Alward.
"We have been very clear, we have asked the government to focus on better ways to help low-income earners before they decide to increase minimum wage."
Alward argues the first step is to increase the basic personal exemption — the maximum annual income someone can earn before they pay income tax. In Manitoba, the amount is $9,271.
"That is the best place to start, is to let low-income earners keep more of their money before they are taxed," he said.
A spokesperson for Pedersen said in a statement that any future changes to the minimum wage will be announced prior to April 1 in order to take effect on Oct. 1 of each year.
If you're looking for hot takes, Detroit Lions cornerback Darius Slay is your man.
Slay recently told Carlos Monarrez of the Detroit Free Press the Lions' defense can match up with the Seattle Seahawks' unit from a skill standpoint.
"We've got the same kind of talent they got," Slay said. "They ain't too much different. They got a pass rush, they've got DBs, we've got DBs. They've got 'backers, we've got 'backers."
The Seahawks' defense ranked first overall the past two seasons, but Slay thinks his squad is closing the gap.
"Oh, yeah," he said. "We were one of the best defenses in the league. I mean, we were the No. 1 defense for like, I don't how long, until the last few weeks of the season."
Detroit's second-ranked defense in 2014 was indeed very good, but unfortunately it lost All-Pro defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh. Even with the addition of Haloti Ngata, it's hard to imagine the Lions' defense not taking at least a slight step back this season.
- With h/t to Pro Football Talk
Steven Spielberg launched two science fiction TV shows last year — in a time when science fiction seems to be a third rail of television. One was Terra Nova, a show about time travel and dinosaurs. The other was Falling Skies, a show about alien invasion and post-humans. There are two huge differences between these shows: One of them is dead. And the other one is worth watching.
As it goes into its second season, Falling Skies takes the Spielberg ethos forward, and shows genuine promise of becoming something worth taking seriously. It's still not a perfect show, but it's good and getting better. Here are a bunch of reasons why you should give Falling Skies another shot on Sunday. With basically no spoilers for season two.
Advertisement
The comparison to Terra Nova is pretty instructive: both shows are focused on one family, with a dad who's the second-in-command to the leader of a small, struggling community. The main thing is, Terra Nova never really committed to its premise, and wasted our time with a lot of "amnesia virus" episodes. You never felt like the people of Terra Nova were facing any hardships, and despite a lot of sentimentality, the characters never seemed to have any real emotional connection to each other.
Meanwhile, Falling Skies has done a fair to decent job of selling the notion that the last human survivors of an alien invasion are in rough shape. And partly thanks to shorter seasons, the show has had a certain amount of discipline about sticking to telling stories that actually reinforce the set-up. And, last but not least, I feel like I know the Mason family. I feel as though the relationships among Tom Mason and his three sons are well-defined, and the show does a good job of making me believe in its main characters.
Advertisement
Season one of Falling Skies definitely had some teething problems — including a few too many "inspirational" Hallmark Channel moments. To be clear, I was never objecting to genuine emotion on this show. But schmaltz isn't real emotion, it's manufactured sentiment. As the first season went on, I got the sense that the writers were leaning more on the actual relationships between the characters, and less on scenes where random people mouth greeting-card sentiments to each other. And that trend definitely continues in season two — in the first few episodes, there are plenty of intense emotional moments, and even a montage or two. But the action never stops dead so that a minor character can say something that's the equivalent of a "Hang in There" kitten poster.
As our interviews with the show's cast and creators show, the second season sees the resistance fighters in much direr straits, and there's a lot less room for coziness this time around. This show has to walk a bit of a tightrope to be successful — they can't have aliens attacking every five minutes, both for budgetary reasons and because that would actually be quite boring. But you need to have a sense that the aliens could attack at any moment, or at least a sustained sense of menace. And at least in the first few episodes, the show does maintain the feeling of a group of resistance fighters on the run and hemmed in by enemy troops.
Advertisement
And meanwhile, the central metaphor of the show continues to be posthumanity. How does living with aliens change people? Most obviously, there's Ben Mason, who was the aliens' slave and still bears the marks of his captivity on his spine. But the question of whether Ben is still human, and whether he's changing into a new form of life, is in many ways a metaphor for what's going on with everybody else on this show. Nobody is the person they used to be, and the longer they're surrounded by alien technology and influences, the more people are being transformed at a very basic level. It makes knowing whom to trust that much harder.
Advertisement
Falling Skies isn't the first alien-invasion story to turn into a post-apocalyptic story, by any means. But its "Jericho meets Independence Day" setup offers a rich vein of family drama and character-based action. Plus if you think about it, shows like Jericho are always about the nature of society — what do we owe to each other, when the chips are down? When society collapses, what do you try to hang onto? How do you rebuild social institutions?, etc. — and stories about humans fighting aliens are inevitably about the nature of humanity itself.
When you combine those two explorations, what makes us human and what brings us together, you get into some pretty challenging territory — and it feels like Falling Skies season two is fumbling towards exploring both things at once, largely through the lens of Ben and one or two other characters. One of the things that keeps me watching a TV show is caring about the characters (and I do actually care about the Masons) but another big thing is feeling like the show has a thematic mission statement — something Falling Skies season two does seem to have.
Advertisement
And then there's the elephant in the spaceship... Season one ended with an out-of-nowhere cliffhanger, that was up there with "four randomly selected characters are Cylons, and Starbuck is alive." Tom Mason had just (somewhat improbably) inflicted +5 damage on the mysterious alien structure in Boston, and as he and Captain Weaver were driving back to base, they encountered an alien ship, whose denizens invited Tom aboard. And he willingly clambered aboard the ship, which zoomed off. When we were doing interviews about the show in May, everybody was pretty up-front that this twist caught them off guard — including the new showrunner.
Advertisement
The good news is, this turn of events does more or less pay off in season two. If you can get past the idea that Tom would willingly choose to go hang out with the aliens he's been fighting for months (I guess, because he was worried about his son Ben and they promised him some answers) then at least the situation does lead to some interesting ramifications later on. And the whole question of "how does Tom get off the alien ship in one piece" is dealt with about as well as you could hope. The main thing is, you don't get the feeling that this show has painted itself into a permanent corner.
I get the impression that a lot of people gave up on the show during season one, or didn't like the latter half of the season as much as I did. I felt as though season one of Falling Skies started out sort of weak, and then found its feet later on — but I've talked to plenty of people who felt the other way around, that the first season got weaker as it went along. If you didn't like the second half of the first season as much as I did, then it's certainly possible that you may not like the start of season two as much as I did, either.
Advertisement
But if you gave up on Falling Skies early on, because you felt like it was too syrupy and not hard-hitting enough, or because you didn't feel persuaded by its depiction of life after an alien invasion, then you should consider giving the show another chance. The show's characters have gotten a lot sharper, and the alien conquerors of Earth are pleasingly ruthless this time around. And this show seems to have found a few rich thematic veins to explore, which I'm intrigued to see it delve into further.
Advertisement
One last thought: We're heading into the election season, when plenty of people will be debating (one way or another) the nature of a good society, and exactly what we, collectively, should be doing for each other. There will be plenty of sneaky indirect attempts to imply that someone else is less human than "we" are. So we should be delighted to have a show on the air that actually explores questions of who gets to be considered human, and what a society that's in terrible straits really ought to value.
Falling Skies season two starts this Sunday at 9 PM.
SMVillage Recap
Rules
Permanent Quests
Summer 2018 Quests
Thanks to everyone who participated in the Quests! We're moving the Village Recap to seasonal features for the time being. Check out these cute entries if you haven't already:This season, in addition to our regular Quests we're bringing back a classic: Summer Secret Santa! It's like Secret Santa, but in summer! So if you're interested in this fanart exchange, check out the link. Remember you have to have an SMV Character Reference filled out to participate, so take the time to work on it and get it accepted!Sorry about the default journal layout by the way -- we're going to get that fixed this weekend.Quests must be completed through any visual medium. This includes comics, but can also include single illustrations. If you choose to do the latter, it is encouraged to include a written description to flesh out your character's story.You are not required to complete all the Quests by the deadline. Pick and choose what you like!You may combine multiple Quests in one submission.Permanent Quests may be submitted to thefolder whenever you like. Seasonal Quests must be submitted to thefolder by.Quests that are submitted after this deadline will be redirected to the General Submissions folder.Permanent Quests are Quests that will be offered every season, so that any characters may complete them. Therefore, you do not have to complete these by the seasonal Quest deadline, but it is strongly encouraged to do them ASAP so we can get to know a little more about your character.Draw a comic depicting how your senshi arrived at the Village. Only senshi who have completed Entrance Comics will be featured in the Village Recaps as newcomers.Each senshi is offered an apartment in the Village's housing complexes that is specifically catered to their needs. Depict your senshi's living quarters, whether it is this apartment or whether they choose to live elsewhere.Draw your senshi making friends with at least one senshi in the Village who doesn't belong to you. You can do this Quest even if you've done it in the past, and you can complete this Quest multiple times (i.e. depict making friends with multiple senshi)With the re-opening of the Village, the admin senshi are getting acquainted with members old and new. Draw your senshi getting familiar with any of the admin senshi. You can complete this Quest multiple times, with multiple admin senshi.Fill out the SMV Outfit Meme ! If you have multiple senshi, make sure to fill out one for each of them.Design a swimsuit for your senshi!Your senshi builds a sand castle with some other members. What's your inspiration and is your sand castle a success?Make a new smoothie flavor that represents your senshi!Participate in the Summer Secret Santa Once again, the deadline is. Happy Questing!
6 Ways To Wear A Blazer
Fall 2009: 6 Ways To Wear Your Blazer
Page 1 of 2
Although you might find yourself spending more on clothing this fall than you did last year, given that we're not completely in the clear when it comes to the recession, you'll still want to consider your purchases carefully. Here we take a staple that every guy has in his wardrobe — a navy (or dark colored) two-button blazer — and show you how you can wear it with six of fall's hottest trends. We've ordered our suggestions from most conservative to most experimental and there are price points to suit every budget. As you'll see, all it takes to update your wardrobe for the season ahead is one or two new, of-the-moment pieces and a bit of shopping in your own closet.
With a deep V-neck cardigan
Layer up the smart and stylish way for fall 2009 by slipping a crew neck T-shirt, followed by a deep V-neck cardigan, under your blazer. The T-shirt will act as a second skin, ensuring you stay warm, while also preventing your chest from being over-exposed to colleagues and friends. The cardigan will keep you feeling cozy and give your ensemble a classic — but up-to-date — look thanks to its elongated V-neck. At only $50, this polyester/viscose model from Cheap Monday is an extremely affordable option that's easy to wear and refreshing for fall.
Retail Price: $50
Availability: RevolveClothing.com
With a plaid shirt
Continuing the theme for everything American that's enthusiastically taken over men's fashion as of late, fall 2009 was awash with plaid and other pioneer-inspired patterns and garments. Keep your outfit decidedly modern, however, by selecting a plaid shirt with a contemporary fit and vivid, unexpected colors like this one from Ben Sherman. With a mix of light-gray and dark blue checks set against an electric blue background, this piece will really pop against a traditional navy blazer. This fall, substitute it in for your usual white button down whenever you can (and when appropriate, of course).
Retail Price: $89
Availability: BenSherman.com
With a chunky patterned knit
From Fair Isle sweaters to cable knits, chunky pullovers are big players in the style stakes this fall. NSF's rayon, lambs' wool, nylon, cashmere, and angora-blend sweater features a retro-cool shawl collar and tone-on-tone cabling and ribbing detailing that's distinct enough to be intriguing without being in-your-face. With a blazer on top, you'll appear gentlemanly yet on-trend and totally office-appropriate, especially if the heating in your building seems like it was installed during the steam-power era. Beware that this sweater runs slightly small, so size up if you typically need a lot of arm and shoulder room.
Retail Price: $286
Availability: RevolveClothing.com
Think you know how to get the most bang for your blazer buck this fall? Three more cool ways to wear a blazer next...
14 days after Maria De Villota's accident at Duxford Airfield, the Marussia F1 Team has now completed its own detailed investigation into the cause of the crash.
The accident occurred on 3 July during a straight-line test, at which Maria was making her testing debut for the Team and driving an F1 car for the fourth time in her career.
The Marussia F1 Team conducted an initial analysis immediately after the crash. This aimed to identify the causes and contributory factors behind the accident and also served to determine if there were any car-related implications for the impending British Grand Prix. Having carefully examined all the data and supplementary information available at that time, the Team were satisfied that there were no such car-related issues and cleared its chassis for race weekend participation.
Following its initial investigation, the Team proceeded to carry out further detailed analysis of the accident. An external forensic investigation was commissioned and carried out at Duxford Airfield (a FIA-approved and much used testing venue, compliant with the recommendations for a test of this nature) and with the team at the Marussia Technical Centre in Banbury. This external analysis has been carried out autonomously of the team's own internal investigation.
As would be normal procedure, the Team's findings have been shared with the Health & Safety Executive (HSE), the independent UK regulator which acts in the public interest in respect of work-related accidents.
John Booth, Team Principal of the Marussia F1 Team, commented: “We are satisfied that the findings of our internal investigation exclude the car as a factor in the accident. We have shared and discussed our findings with the HSE for their consideration as part of their ongoing investigation. This has been a necessarily thorough process in order to understand the cause of the accident. We have now concluded our investigatory work and can again focus on the priority, which continues to be Maria's wellbeing. In that regard, we continue to support Maria and the De Villota family in any way we can.”
Right-wing films big at the box office MOVIE INDUSTRY
It's 2016, and the skies over America's heartland have turned tornado dark, seemingly for good. The economy has suffered a total collapse, and Americans are hungry and fearful. Anarchy reigns in some urban areas.
Ever since President Obama, deep into his second term, withdrew U.S. forces from Afghanistan and Iraq, the whole of the Middle East has fallen under the control of al Qaeda and the Muslim Brotherhood.
Such is the future in "2016: Obama's America," which hit theaters in July. Produced on a modest $2.5 million budget, it's amassed at least $32 million at the box office, according to Rocky Mountain Pictures, the film's distributor.
Although it may sound like the Hollywood adaptation of a dystopian, sci-fi graphic novel, "2016: Obama's America" ranks as the second-highest-grossing political documentary of all time in the United States. That's thanks to a vast, conservative-minded bloc of moviegoers whom producers, filmmakers and studios are racing to reach before they stream into voting booths in early November.
The film's unexpected popularity has raised expectations for a flood of reactionary, election-season movies that include "Runaway Slave," which features onetime GOP presidential hopeful Herman Cain and a host of black conservatives inveighing against the tenets of liberalism; "Hating Breitbart," which chronicles the life of the late conservative pundit and Drudge-like Internet impresario Andrew Breitbart; and "Last Ounce of Courage," about a small-town Christian mayor, Marshall Teague, who refuses to acknowledge the separation of church and state, which earned $2.7 million over two weeks.
Due Friday is a sequel after the heart of a younger Paul Ryan: "Atlas Shrugged: Part II," the second installment of a trilogy adapted from the Ayn Rand novel.
"When you look at box office returns, especially for films that have political content, I think there is a huge audience that feels underserved," said Andrew Marcus, director of "Hating Breitbart."
David Bossie, president and chairman of the conservative advocacy group Citizens United, produced 2008's "Hillary: The Movie," a film that led to the landmark Supreme Court case Citizens United vs. Federal Election Commission, which cleared the way for corporations to spend unlimited amounts supporting candidates.
Bossie argues that this year's election season is especially rife with polemics thanks to Michael Moore, whose anti-George W. Bush "Fahrenheit 9/11" earned more than $119 million domestically in the summer of 2004, making it the highest-grossing documentary of all time.
At least one Obama supporter is getting in on the right-wing film game. Billionaire sports and media mogul Mark Cuban - who attended a $30,000-per-plate fundraiser for the president this year - partnered with Citizens United to distribute "Occupy Unmasked," a film critical of Occupy Wall Street.
"There has always been a market for partisan films," said Cuban, who notes that they aren't necessarily geared toward viewers who seek to have their votes influenced, but rather those who wish to have their beliefs reinforced.
KABUL, Afghanistan -- The United States will send some 300 Marines back into Afghanistan's southern Helmand province for the first time since the end of America's combat mission in 2014.
CBS Radio News correspondent Cami McCormick reports the Marines' mission will be to train and advise Afghan national security forces, who have struggled to drive Taliban insurgents out of the opium-rich region.
Two U.S. troops killed, four wounded in Afghanistan
The Marines' commander, Brigadier General Roger Turner, admitted to CBS News, however, that it is a high-risk mission and the American troops will encounter the full spectrum threat from the Taliban insurgency.
The 300 Marines are currently in training for the mission at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, and will deploy this Spring.
McCormick says about half of the Marines on this mission have been deployed to Helmand in the past. They will be located in different areas of Helmand, but some will stay at Camp Leatherneck, which was handed over to the Afghans in 2014.
The U.S. Army has had soldiers at Leatherneck since the handover, again, advising and training, because the Taliban has made some significant advances. There have also been American Special Operations Forces for the duration, but McCormick reports the renewed presence of U.S. Marines will signal a new level of commitment.
Some of them are “senior” troops, having served in Helmand on multiple previous tours. They know the Afghans there, according to their commander, who was in Helmand in October ahead of the deployment, and the level of training they'll provide is more sophisticated because of that past experience.
U.S. Navy Capt. Bill Salvin, a spokesman for the U.S. mission in Afghanistan, said the Marines will remain in the province for nine months, where they will work with the Afghan army and militarized national police.
U.S. Marines mark the end of combat operations in Afghanistan
“The Marine Corps has a long operational history in Afghanistan, particularly in Helmand Province. Advising and assisting Afghan defense and security forces will assist in preserving gains made together with the Afghans,” he said.
The U.S. and NATO formally concluded their combat mission in Afghanistan at the end of 2014, but thousands of troops remain in the country, where they train and assist Afghan forces and carry out counterterrorism operations.
The Taliban are battling Afghan forces on a number of fronts, and the fighting has been particularly intense in Helmand, where the insurgents have repeatedly assaulted the provincial capital, Lashkar Gah, in recent months.
Helmand is the main source of poppies for Afghanistan's thriving opium trade, which is worth an estimated $4 billion a year, much of which funds the insurgency. Provincial officials estimate the Taliban controls 85 percent of the province, up from just 20 percent a year ago.
This article is about the fictional character. For other uses, see Captain Nemo (disambiguation)
Captain Nemo (; also known as Prince Dakkar) is a fictional character created by the French science fiction author Jules Verne (1828–1905). Nemo appears in two of Verne's novels, Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea (1870) and The Mysterious Island (1874), and makes a cameo appearance in Verne's play Journey Through the Impossible (1882).
Nemo is a mysterious figure. The son of an Indian Raja, he is a scientific genius who roams the depths of the sea in his submarine, the Nautilus, which was built in pieces all over the world and shipped to the builder. Nemo tries to project a stern, controlled confidence, but he is driven by a thirst for vengeance and a hatred of imperialism focused on the British Empire. He is also wracked by remorse over the deaths of his crew members and even by the deaths of enemy sailors.
Nemo has appeared in various adaptations of Verne's novels, including films, where he has been portrayed by a number of different actors. He has also been adopted by other authors for inclusion in their own works, such as in Alan Moore's The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen and Philip José Farmer's The Other Log of Phileas Fogg.
Etymology [ edit ]
Nemo is Latin for "no one".
Nemo is, moreover, the Latin rendering of Ancient Greek Outis ("Nobody"), the pseudonym adopted by Odysseus, in Greek mythology—a ruse employed to outwit the cyclops Polyphemus. This appears to be the intended meaning, since in The Mysterious Island, when addressed by Cyrus Harding as Captain Nemo, he replies, "I have no name!"
Fictional character biography [ edit ]
Nothing concerning his past is revealed in Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea, except his dislike of imperialism (and of British imperial society more generally) and the apparent loss of his family in the past.
In The Mysterious Island, Captain Nemo identifies himself as Prince Dakkar, son of the Hindu Raja of Bundelkhand, and a descendant of the Muslim Sultan Fateh Ali Khan Tipu of the Kingdom of Mysore, famous for the Anglo-Mysore Wars (1767–1799) and Mysorean rocket technology. After the Indian Rebellion of 1857, in which Dakkar lost his family and his kingdom, he devoted himself to scientific research and developed the Nautilus, wherein he and a crew of followers cruise the seas. They gather bullion from various shipwrecks in the oceans, most notably the wrecks of the Spanish treasure fleet in Bay of Vigo, sunk during the Battle of Vigo Bay. He claims to have no interest in the affairs of the world above, but occasionally he intervenes to aid the oppressed, such as by giving salvaged treasure to participants in the Cretan Revolt (1866–1869) against the island's Turkish rulers and by saving (both physically and financially) a Ceylonese or Tamil pearl hunter from a diving accident, or by saving the castaways from drowning in Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea and covertly protecting another set of castaways in The Mysterious Island.
Like many actual Indian princes of the era, Nemo had a European or English education, in which (he states) he spent his youth studying and touring Europe. In his first meeting with Professor Aronnax and his companions, they speak to him in French, English, Latin, and German; Nemo later reveals that he is fluent in all of these. Aronnax comments that Nemo's French was perfect, and relies on his intuition and knowledge of ethnology to infer that he was from southern latitudes; but is unable to determine his origin. The Nautilus's library and art collection reveal Nemo to be familiar with European culture and arts. Further, he was an accomplished player of the organ.
Nemo is said to have died of old age, on board the Nautilus, at Dakkar Grotto on Lincoln Island in the South Pacific. Funeral rites were administered by Cyrus Harding, one of the castaways protected by Nemo himself, and his vessel was then submerged in the waters of the grotto.
Character [ edit ]
Captain Nemo playing the organ , at which he was a master.
Nemo's character in the novels is largely seen through the observations of Professor Pierre Aronnax, the narrator of Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea, when Nemo is about forty years of age and described as a reticent man, tall and swarthy in appearance, with a straight nose and wide-set eyes. In The Mysterious Island, the aged Captain Nemo sports a long white beard.
He avoids dry land, except when it's uninhabited, as with Antarctica and desert islands. In keeping with his contempt for the nations of the surface, he uses no products that are not marine in nature, be it food, clothing, furnishing, or even tobacco. Little is revealed about his political opinions except an almost maniacal hatred of oppression, with which he identifies all the imperialistic nations of the world. He therefore identifies himself with those oppressed, be they Cretans rising against the Turks, Ceylonese pearl divers, or even black whales attacked by cachalots (sperm whales). When Professor Aronnax alleges that Nemo violates maritime and international law by sinking war-ships, Nemo responds that he is merely defending himself from his attackers, and that the laws of the world on the surface no longer apply to him. In one scene, Nemo exclaims:
"... On its surface they can still exercise their iniquitous claims, battle each other, devour each other, haul every earthly horror. But thirty feet below sea level, their dominion ceases, their influence fades, their power vanishes! Ah, sir, live! Live in the heart of the seas! Here alone lies independence! Here I recognize no superiors! Here I'm free!"[1]
Nautilus as they observe an underwater funeral Captain Nemo standing over the crew of theas they observe an underwater funeral
Nemo is devoted to his crew and grieves deeply when one is killed in the giant squid attack in the Caribbean Sea, or after a midnight encounter with a surface ship. He shows the same compassion in his treatment of the castaways in The Mysterious Island, and retains a strong attachment to his deceased wife and children. Though short-tempered, he rarely expresses his anger. He is also a man of immense courage, in the forefront of every activity, from releasing the Nautilus from the Antarctic ice to fighting squid in the Caribbean; and notable for having worked consecutive eight-hour shifts without a break, with little oxygen, to free the Nautilus from the ice. He was also identified as having discovered Atlantis.
An extraordinary engineer, Nemo has designed and built the Nautilus, besides inventing her electric propulsion and navigation systems. He has an exceptional mastery of underwater navigation, taking upon himself the most difficult submarine passages, such as those under the Isthmus of Suez and the Antarctic ice sheet.
Nautilus The Grand Salon of the
He has a comprehensive knowledge of marine biology, and it is his respect for Professor Aronnax's expertise in the field which led to his befriending the professor when the latter was cast upon the Nautilus. Further, he is said to have read and annotated all the books he possessed in the Nautilus's vast library.
He has very fine taste in art, possessing several masterpieces of both painting and sculpture, from ancient and modern European masters, all of which are housed in the Grand Saloon of the Nautilus, along with his collection of pearls, corals and other such marine products, which he had gathered himself. In the opinion of Professor Aronnax, the collection of the Grand Salon far outstrips that of the Louvre. Despite the opulence visible all through the Nautilus, Nemo's cabin was furnished with little beside a bed and the navigational instruments integral to the Nautilus. Captain Nemo is believed to be extremely affluent, in that while he never states exactly how much he is worth, he claims that 'without missing it, he could pay the national debt of France'. At the time of Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea's publication, this was worth 4.6 billion francs, or $18.4 billion U.S. dollars in 2018.
Nemo tells Professor Aronnax that his intention was to have his autobiography sealed in an unsinkable casket and thrown overboard by the last survivor of the Nautilus's crew, in the hope that it would be washed up somewhere. Accordingly an unsinkable casket does wash up in The Mysterious Island (wherein is revealed Nemo's background story), containing tools, guns, navigation instruments, an atlas, books, blank paper, and even clothing. The crate is lashed to empty barrels, and the contents sealed in a waterproof zinc envelope, showing careful preparation and packing. Throughout the same book, Nemo acts as an agent of Divine Providence, as when the sailor Pencroff laments the absence of tobacco, and a hunting party discover a plant that the young naturalist Harbert identifies as such. The other castaways keep the discovery secret until they can dry and cure the leaves. One evening, Pencroff is offered some coffee by his friends. When he declines, they say, "A pipe, then?" and produce a homemade pipe stuffed full, with a coal to light it. Pencroff exclaims, "O, divine Providence! sacred Author of all things! ... Nothing more is now wanting to our island".[2]
Emblem [ edit ]
His emblem, as given in a description of the flag he raised when claiming Antarctica, is a large golden N on a black field. The motto of the Nautilus was Mobilis in mobili, which may be roughly translated from Latin as, "moving amidst mobility", "moving within the moving element", or "changing in the changes".
Nautilus The motto of the
Origin [ edit ]
In the initial draft of Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea, Nemo was a Polish noble, a member of the szlachta, resenting the murder of his family during the Russian repression of the January Uprising; but Verne's editor Pierre-Jules Hetzel feared a book ban in the Russian market and offending a French ally, the Russian Empire, and had Verne obscure Nemo's motivation in the first book.[3][4] In the second book of Twenty Thousand Leagues under the Sea, Nemo comes close to revealing his Indian ancestry, though this is not obvious except in retrospect, where he saves a Ceylonese pearl-fisher in the Gulf of Mannar.
Chronological inconsistency [ edit ]
Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea was written between 1869 and 1870 and records the voyages of the Nautilus between 1866 and 1868. The Mysterious Island was written in 1874 but is set immediately after the American Civil War, from 1861 to 1865. This would mean that Captain Nemo who appeared in The Mysterious Island dies before Captain Nemo who appeared in Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea sets out on the undersea travels. Also, when Captain Nemo is finally seen in The Mysterious Island, he mentions having met Aronnax 16 years previously.
Many errors in the original French first printing (the 'grand in-8' published by Pierre-Jules Hetzel) are likely the fault of the editors who, at that time, were unlikely to consult the authors of the books they edited before making a change. According to the new, full translation put out by the Naval Institute Press, nearly all errors can be attributed to the editors, with only a few being the fault of Jules Verne, who was otherwise meticulous. The inconsistency of the dates between Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea and The Mysterious Island is perhaps evidence in this argument, as it seems unlikely that Verne would make such an obvious gaffe.
The Nautilus goes down in the Maelstrom on June 2, 1868, according to 20,000 Leagues Under The Sea, but may have survived. (The Mysterious Island gives this date as June 22, 1867.) Captain Nemo dies on the Nautilus under Lincoln Island in The Mysterious Island on October 15, 1868. Therefore, some chronological inconsistencies still exist: Cyrus and Gideon knew of Captain Nemo years before Aronnax published his story, Nemo being trapped under Lincoln Island all during the time in 20,000 Leagues Under The Sea.
Portrayals [ edit ]
In most subsequent media adaptations of 20,000 Leagues and Mysterious Island, Nemo is (in a deviation from Verne's novels) depicted as a European. Actors who have played Nemo include:
In culture [ edit ]
Nemo is the official file manager for the Cinnamon desktop environment; the name plays off of the Nautilus file manager from which it was forked.[5] A Polish singer - Bogdan Gajkowski - popular especially during the 1980s, started recording song under the name "Kapitan Nemo" the Polish name of Captain Nemo.
Images [ edit ]
Captain Nemo and Professor Aronnax discussing the plans of the Nautilus
Captain Nemo's room aboard the Nautilus
The library of the Nautilus
Engine room of the Nautilus
The encounter with the Cretan diver
The commencement of the attack of the squids at the Bahamas
Captain Nemo fighting a giant squid aboard the Nautilus
The silhouette of the Nautilus in the distance
The Nautilus in Dakkar Grotto, as pictured in The Mysterious Island
The British National party's website, its logo still sporting a seasonal sprig of holly, is understandably triumphalist as it proclaims that the "controlled media" has admitted this week that "Nick Griffin has been right all along about Muslim paedophile gangs".
The particular branch of the controlled media the BNP refers to is the Times, which has been running the results of a lengthy investigation into the sexual exploitation and internal trafficking of girls in the north of England. Specifically, the Times has marshalled evidence suggesting that these organised crimes are carried out almost exclusively by gangs of Pakistani Muslim origin who target white youngsters; and it quotes both police and agency sources who refer to a "conspiracy of silence" around the open investigation of such cases, amid fears of being branded racist or inflaming ethnic tensions in already precarious local environments.
This is not the first time that anxieties about the ethnic dimension of child sexual exploitation have been aired by the media. In 2004 the Channel 4 documentary Edge of the City, which explored claims that Asian men in Bradford were grooming white girls as young as 11, sexually abusing them and passing them on to their friends, was initially withdrawn from the schedules after the BNP described it as "a party political broadcast", and the chief constable of West Yorkshire police warned that it could spark disorder.
Anecdotally, as far back as the mid-90s, local agencies have been aware of the participation of ethnic minority men in some cases of serial abuse. But what has not emerged is any consistent evidence to suggest that Pakistani Muslim men are uniquely and disproportionately involved in these crimes, nor that they are preying on white girls because they believe them to be legitimate sexual quarry, as it is now being suggested.
The Times investigation is based around 56 men convicted in the Midlands and north of England since 1997, 50 from Muslim backgrounds. Granted, such prosecutions are notoriously difficult to sustain, but, nonetheless, this is a small sample used to evidence the "tidal wave" of offending referred to by unnamed police sources. Martin Narey, the chief executive of Barnardo's, which has run projects in the areas concerned for many years, tells me that, while he is pleased to see open discussion of child sexual exploitation, he worries that "decent Pakistani men will now be looked at as potential child abusers". He insists: "This is not just about Pakistani men, and not just about Asian men. And it is happening all over the country."
While Narey acknowledges that "in the Midlands and north of England there does seem to be an over-representation of minority ethnic men in [offending] groups", he argues strongly that no useful conclusions can be drawn until the government undertakes a serious piece of research into what is a nationwide problem. (Keith Vaz, who chairs the Commons home affairs select committee called for such an inquiry today.) Narey also refutes the allegation that Muslim men are grooming white girls because of cultural assumptions about their sexual availability, as girls from minority backgrounds have been similarly abused.
Thus no official data exists on the ethnic or religious background of perpetrators of this form of child abuse, and local charities have stated publicly that they do not consider it a race issue. But it is worth noting that, when asked by the Times to collate its recent work according to ethnicity, Engage – based in Blackburn and one of the largest multi-agency organisations working on this issue – found that in the past year that 80% of offenders were white.
There is an ignoble tradition of racialising criminality in this country, in particular sexual offences, from the moral panic about West Indian pimps in the 1960s to the statistically dubious coverage of African-Caribbean gang rape in the 90s. But even those who do want further investigation into the apparent preponderance of Asian perpetrators tell me that this is not about cultural expectations regarding the sexual susceptibility of white females but rather about opportunity and vulnerability, especially of young people within the care system. It is certainly admissible to query just how beholden to "the tyranny of custom", as Wednesday's Times leader put it, are these twentysomething males who drive flash cars and ply their victims with alcohol.
Nevertheless, Muslim voices are now being lined up to attest that serial child molestation is not actually sanctioned by the Qur'an. By building an apparent consensus of voices "bravely" speaking out in the face of accusations of racism, it becomes that much harder for a figure from within the Muslim community to offer a more nuanced perspective or indeed state that these allegations are simply not true. The inevitable and distorting consequence of framing the debate around a "conspiracy of silence" is that it effectively shuts down or taints as mealy-mouthed any criticism.
The efforts of the Times to stand up this investigation are certainly considerable: selectively quoting or misquoting some groups, and inventing a category of "on-street grooming" that does not exist in law and was not recognised by any of the agencies I spoke to. It is also worth asking how responsible it is to provide ammunition to the violent racist extremists already active in these areas on such flawed evidence.
Meanwhile, the sunlight of investigative inquiry has yet to shine on our legal system which, all agencies agree, fails to cater to the needs of children who – groomed into acquiescence by practised abusers of all creeds and colours – don't present as the perfect victims our limited version of justice demands.
If you're out for a stroll in the American West, you might hear a high-pitched, bloodcurdling cry that sounds like the shrieks of the ghostly Ringwraiths from the Lord of the Rings. But it's not the howl of a vengeful soul that you're hearing—instead, it's the mating call of a wapiti, or male elk. For years, scientists wondered how such big-bodied animals could make such high-pitched calls. Now, they may have an answer: After analyzing recordings of the elk bugling calls, researchers discovered that they actually comprise two parts—the high-pitched shrieking that can reach frequencies above 2000 hertz (heard in the video above) and a simultaneous, lower-pitched call around 145 hertz, a more typical frequency for an elk-sized animal. They then dissected a dead elk and found a throat structure that would allow the animal to “whistle” through its nostrils to create the higher frequency noise, they write today in the Journal of Experimental Biology. The scientists suspect that this versatility allows the 315-kilogram animal to create deeper, more aggressive noises in combat situations along with higher-pitched noises that can carry far over the open landscapes of the West to attract mates.
It's ok, I'll bring you up to speed. The previous information from WikiLeaks has been released in “Vaults”. All the information that condemned Hillary Clinton and her friends like Podesta and others came from Vaults 1 through 6.
For a long time, WikiLeaks has teased a devastating (to Democrats) Vault 7. Speculation has run wild on what could be in it.
It looks like now we're about to find out.
WikiLeaks posted this tweet today:
Here is some more information on what might be in Vault 7, from Reddit:
The picture attached to this tweet is a picture of the Svalbard Global Seed Vault . It is an 11,000 square foot facility on a large island north of Scandinavia called Svalbard. It is one of the northernmost inhabited places on earth. The vault contains a wide variety of seeds from around the world. This is a quote from the wikipedia page
The seed vault is an attempt to insure against the loss of seeds in other genebanks during large-scale regional or global crises.
The vault is seen as a type of “Global Insurance” in the event of some major crisis. I believe the intended message of this tweet is to say that what Vault 7 is is insurance for the world as it will reveal, at least in part, the massive corruption on the global scale. Who knows what else Huma and Hillary talked about over 650,000 emails, what we do know is they definitely don't want us to read them. Weiner's (Huma's husband)laptop is the FBIs source of the 650,000 emails , and on that laptop the files were allegedly filed under “Life Insurance”
This one I will give a brief summary of but I've already made a full post breaking it down HERE . This tweet is a picture of the Merners Mine. History The only other incident since then that I can find of the much gold being taken over by a foriegn entity is Libya in 2011. Hillary had a direct hand in toppling Gaddafi as Sec of State in 2011, and no one knows what happened to his $7 billion in gold and silver. The answer to that question I believe is in the 650,000 emails. Read my original post for more detail on this tweet.
Again I've already made a full post about this tweet HERE but I will give a brief summary. This is a picture of the egnine for the F-22. It is a stealth engine that can achieve supercruise without using afterburners (which make a fuck ton of noise). Most countries with substantial militaries either have an engine that can do this or are developing one for their 5th generation fighter jets . Except the Chinese J-20 as far as anyone can tell. And to build a fighter without this capability would be ridiculous for the Chinese. However, there is much speculation that the J-20 is a F-22 rip off and you cna find all that info in my original post on this. China has yet to release info about the work they have done on the J-20s engine. I believe that the emails will show that the technology of the F119 was sold to the Chinese. More detail in original post.
The picture attached to this tweet is of Chelsea, then Bradley, Manning, Julian Assange, and Edward Snowden. All three have either leaked or published secret government documents. Manning sent military documents to Assange who published them through wikileaks. Snowden exposed the NSA mass surveillance program. I believe that this tweet means that the person behind vault 7 or giving them the information is someone like these three. A whistle-blower from within the government.
I've gone into this one already as well and you can find that HERE This is a picture of a 509th Air Force engineer welding together a blade for a snowplow at AFB Whiteman in Missouri. The 509th bombing wing is the garrison for AFB Whiteman. The 509th is the B-2 unit of the Air Force. It, along with the F-22 also makes up the core of the Air Force Global Strike Command and handles all nuclear weapons for the USAF. The B-2s have been the first to strike in almost all of the US's engagements, and key Clinton ones like Kosovo and Libya. Perhaps the way here is to say because the whistle-blower is tired of the bombing based on lies and wants to expose the lies. There's much more detail in my original post about this tweet.
The picture attached to this tweet is an East German surveillance photograph of mailbox activity. The East German state security Stasiwanted to know “everything about everyone” . This immediately makes me think of the mass email surveillance programs that have been uncovered in recent years. And the 650,000 emails on Weiner's laptop I believe were caughtin the web of the NSAs mass email surveilance program) (possibly Germanys because of the german picture but I think that it was used because its a specific picture about government surveilance on mail). All of that combined with the last tweet being released today February 9th, first day for new Attorney General and the last day for the FBI to turn in all evidence they have in the Hillary Clinton email investigation makes me strongly believe that Vault 7 is the 650,000 emails and that wikileaks has the and will release them if nothing is done with them. I'm sure there are many holes in my logic and theories here but I'm just giving my observations and opinions. There's lots of 9/11 speculation going on about these tweets but I just don't see it. Especially considering Julian's stance on 9/11 conspiracy theories What do you think? What else do you think would be in the 650,00 emails?
In an interview with the Welt am Sonntag newspaper, Guttenberg proposed opening up channels for dialog with certain Taliban groups, but warned of the pitfalls of such a strategy.
Describing his definition of 'moderate' Taliban, Guttenberg said "there were differences between the groups in Afghanistan, with some, which radically oppose anything western and whose goal it is to fight our culture, and those which are simply immersed in their own, local culture."
The defense minister said that he believed "cutting off every form of communication was no longer valid on the whole, although there must be criteria."
"One does not have to follow Obama"
Guttenberg again rejected demands by US President Barack Obama to boost Germany's troop contingent in Afghanistan, saying "I would be careful with the words: one has to follow Obama."
"We should establish our own goal of forming a strategy that reflects our own experience," he said.
NATO and the White House have urged Germany to provide at least an additional two battalions for northern Afghanistan.
In a reference to the scheduled conference on Afghanistan in London at the end of January, Guttenberg said that "the first logical step of any new strategic approach is not to say we will send more troops and then figure out the strategy, but to formulate the strategy and then decide how many troops and civilians we will need."
By the same token, Guttenberg criticized opposition Social Democrat leader Sigmar Gabriel, who has rejected outright any boosting of German troop strength in Afghanistan.
That again would mean "making a commitment before defining a strategy," he said.
gb/dpa/AFP/Reuters
Editor: Andreas Illmer
In the early 1950s, Al Gottesman, the retired owner of a movie theater chain who was living in Miami, received a request from two developers for a $58,000 loan that would be used to purchase desert property for a Las Vegas hotel. Gottesman agreed to provide funding in exchange for a small portion of the hotel's profits. Gottesman provided an additional $16,000 to hire an architect for the new project.[2]
Gottesman later discovered that other partners, who were from Rhode Island and were led by Joe Sullivan, had also invested in the project. Sullivan's group had secretly included mobster Raymond Patriarca, a fact that was not discovered until years later. The initial developers later dropped out of the project, and the property was subsequently taken over by Gottesman and by Sullivan's group, both of whom had plans for a large gambling resort. An additional $1.5 million was raised, with Beverly Hills jewelry seller Bob Rice as an additional partner. A pension fund from the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, which had connections to the mafia, helped to complete the new resort, which cost $3.5 million to build.[2]
Opening and early years (1955-1960s) Edit
The Dunes, themed after the Arabian Nights stories, opened on May 23, 1955.[2] It was designed by architect Maxwell Starkman.[3] The new resort included 200 hotel rooms, located in several two-story buildings. Also featured was a 90-foot V-shaped swimming pool and a 150-foot lagoon. The resort also featured the Arabian Room, which had the capabilities and size of a Broadway theatre. Hollywood star Vera-Ellen headlined on opening night. The resort was located on an 85-acre (34 ha) property, some of which remained vacant at the time of opening.[2] The hotel's slogan was "The Miracle in the Desert".[4] From the time of its opening, the Dunes was known for the 35 ft (11 m) tall fiberglass sultan statue that stood above its main entrance.[2][4]
Gottesman and Sullivan were surprised by the amount of money lost on the hotel and on expensive headliner entertainment, while the resort suffered from poor revenue on its table games and only minimal success from the Arabian Room. Managers of the Sands Hotel and Casino leased the showroom and casino for a short time, but were unable to make it a success. By August 1955, Gottesman was prepared to sell the resort as he had become upset with the large amount of his own money that he had to spend to keep it operational. The casino was closed briefly for a lack of business.[2]
The resort was purchased in 1956 by two businessmen, Major A. Riddle and Jake Gottlieb, who had dealings with the Chicago Outfit.[5] Rice stayed with the property to work on its entertainment aspect with Riddle.[2] On January 10, 1957, Riddle introduced Nevada's first topless show, called Minsky's Follies - the first of which was "Minsky Goes to Paris." Although the State Legislature was opposed to the show, it set a record for attendance in a single week at 16,000.[4]
In 1958, the pension fund of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters loaned $4 million to Riddle and Gottlieb to help the resort. At one point, Jayne Mansfield performed in the resort's showroom for $35,000 a week.[2] An 18-hole golf course was added in 1959.[4] In April 1959, the Dunes celebrated what was the first double groundbreaking ceremony in Las Vegas, with construction beginning simultaneously on the resort's new Exhibitor & Convention Hall and a 500-space parking lot.[4]
In 1961, a 24-story, 250-room hotel tower, known as Diamond of the Dunes, was added to the northern part of the property, bringing the total number of rooms to 450. At the top of the tower was the Top O' the Strip restaurant and lounge. The tower was the tallest building in the state at the time.[2][4]
Many top performers, such as Dean Martin, Liberace, George Burns, Pat Cooper, Judy Garland, Violetta Villas, Phyllis Diller and Frank Sinatra, performed at the hotel.
Operation and final years (1960s-1993) Edit
The Dunes, and Oasis Casino, in 1983
Although it opened to much fanfare, it struggled from the start because it was at the then-southernmost part of the Strip. The hotel frequently had to borrow money, and even the Sands Hotel lent its executives to help out, as well as bringing in numerous famous celebrities and entertainers such as Frank Sinatra's surprise appearance dressed as a sultan. In the late 1960s, Morris Shenker bought an interest in the Dunes and became its Chairman of the Board. In 1970, there were unrealized rumors Howard Hughes would buy into the hotel.
During the 1970s, a restaurant with a dome-shaped roof, known as Dome of the Sea, operated on the property.[2] From 1976 to 1978, Johnny Elvis Foster starred in his Elvis show, For The Love Of Elvis, at the Dunes' showroom. Shenker was Foster's godfather. Foster was the first Elvis impersonator before Elvis died.
In 1979, the South Tower was added, expanding the hotel to 1300 rooms.
In 1983, brothers Stuart and Clifford Perlman, founders of Caesars World, agreed to buy the Dunes for $185 million, and even took over operation of the property for several months, but the sale ultimately fell through. A second casino in a separate, round building on the site opened in 1983 under the name Oasis Casino at The Dunes.[6] In 1985, the sultan statue was moved to the golf course during renovations, and later caught fire, reportedly due to an electrical short.[4]
The Dunes, suffering from low revenue, filed for bankruptcy protection and reorganization under Chapter 11 on November 6, 1985. Later that year, Steve Wynn, chairman of the local Golden Nugget hotel-casino, offered $115 million to purchase the resort, although the offer was rejected.[7][8] Businessman Donald Trump subsequently offered to purchase the resort for $100 million, although he was rejected as well. By July 1987, Hilton Hotels Corporation and Japanese investor Masao Nangaku both separately planned to purchase the resort.[7] Nangaku purchased the Dunes that year for $155 million, although he could not make it financially successful.[4]
Neon facade of the Oasis Casino in 1990
On November 17, 1992, the Dunes was sold to Wynn's company, Mirage Resorts, Inc., for $75 million.[4][9]
Closing and demolition Edit
On January 26, 1993, the Dunes closed its doors for good. A liquidation sale was conducted by National Content Liquidators to clear the property of its contents as a prelude to the building's demolition. Like many of the legendary properties of its era, it could no longer compete with the newer and more exciting megaresorts that were being built.
Steve Wynn bought the Dunes and started the redevelopment trend with the demolition of the 32-year-old North Tower. On October 27, 1993, the Dunes was demolished in a grand ceremony that involved major fireworks displays and the use of several "cannon blasts" from the English ship 'HMS Britannia' of Treasure Island Hotel and Casino. Over 200,000 people watched its demise. The Dunes sign itself was lit and read "No Vacancy" as if it were still open. Steve Wynn, along with Controlled Demolition, Inc. stood by and said "Captain of the Britannia, are you ready sir? Prepare broadside. Ready! Aim! Fire!" Cannon shots from the ship were simulated to coincide with explosions along the Dunes property. The neon sign was destroyed and a fireball fueled by 16,000 liters (4226 gallons) of aviation fuel engulfed the Diamond Tower shortly before explosives brought it down. Everything except the south tower was destroyed "amid a shower of fireworks never before equaled west of the Mississippi."[9]
The 15-year-old South Tower was demolished 9 months later in July 1994, with no fanfare and minimal media attention. The demolition also held symbolic significance for the city. Many long-time residents knew the Dunes was controlled by the mafia, having been first built with money from it and the mob-controlled pension funds of the Teamsters and Pipefitters unions. The demolition signaled the end of significant mafia control and influence in Las Vegas.
For many years, the hotel was owned by Major Riddle from the "Chicago Outfit" and later sold in part to Morris Shenker, an "attorney associated with the St. Louis Mafia, Meyer Lansky, Jimmy Hoffa, and Frank Foster, owner of Athony Alarm".[10] Riddle and Shenker later became a target of the Organized Crime Strike Force in St. Louis.[11]
During its construction of a new resort and casino, workers found four bags of Dunes casino chips that were buried at the site.[12]
The Bellagio now stands in its place. The Dunes golf course is now occupied by parts of Park MGM, New York-New York, CityCenter, and Cosmopolitan, and T-Mobile Arena.
A team of Italian researchers, part of the OBELIX collaboration, used data taken from CERN, the European particle physics laboratory, from 1990 until 1996 and after careful analysis reported a surprising finding: a good fraction of a low energy antimatter beam directed at a normal matter wall bounces right back.
OBELIX at the Low Energy Antiproton
Ring (Credit: CERN Bulletin)
The OBELIX experiment was designed to study the properties of low-energy (slow moving, 1-10 kilo-electron-volt) antiprotons and how they combine with normal matter to produce exotic atomic states. When one of the antiprotons met a molecule of gas and annihilated with one of the molecule's protons, detectors picked up the new particles produced, allowing the team to pinpoint each annihilation event in space and time.
The annihilation events have been clustered into two groups. The main group represented antiprotons being captured and annihilated by gas molecules as the particles traveled along the walls of the cylinder. A second, more puzzling group of annihilations, which occurred slightly later in time and non adjacent to the walls, has been stumping scientists.
Now, the researchers have reported that they've solved the mystery of the second group of annihilators by modeling the presence of the back wall of the aluminum cylinder. Instead of instantly annihilating when they antiprotons hit the wall, about a quarter of the low energy antiprotons striking the wall reflect and travel straight back into the gas located in the center of the cylinder, where they later annihilate.
Another look of the The Low Energy
Antiproton Ring at Cern (Credit: CERN)
If the antiprotons were moving fast, they would fly right through most atoms, until they finally encountered a nucleus in a nearly direct hit for annihilation. When a relatively slow moving charged particle is fired at a stationary atom, the positively-charged nucleus can deflect it from its course. A slow-moving antiproton, as in the OBELIX experiment, is frequently deflected by the pull of each nucleus so it gets bounced around until it eventually “forgets” the direction it was headed and has a good chance of popping back out, although it may still annihilate somewhere in the wall.
Ryugo Hayano, an expert on low-energy antimatter interactions at CERN, thinks the result, while at first surprising, is solid. “People don't realize such obvious things until you actually encounter some phenomena and think very hard about them,” he says.
TFOT previously reported about a new antimatter engine design which will require only a few milligrams of positrons to send a spaceship to Mars.
More about OBELIX and the current research can be found on the American Physics Society website.
The Great Divide is a series about inequality.
Turning a blind eye. Giving someone the cold shoulder. Looking down on people. Seeing right through them.
These metaphors for condescending or dismissive behavior are more than just descriptive. They suggest, to a surprisingly accurate extent, the social distance between those with greater power and those with less — a distance that goes beyond the realm of interpersonal interactions and may exacerbate the soaring inequality in the United States.
A growing body of recent research shows that people with the most social power pay scant attention to those with little such power. This tuning out has been observed, for instance, with strangers in a mere five-minute get-acquainted session, where the more powerful person shows fewer signals of paying attention, like nodding or laughing. Higher-status people are also more likely to express disregard, through facial expressions, and are more likely to take over the conversation and interrupt or look past the other speaker.
Bringing the micropolitics of interpersonal attention to the understanding of social power, researchers are suggesting, has implications for public policy.
Of course, in any society, social power is relative; any of us may be higher or lower in a given interaction, and the research shows the effect still prevails. Though the more powerful pay less attention to us than we do to them, in other situations we are relatively higher on the totem pole of status — and we, too, tend to pay less attention to those a rung or two down.
A prerequisite to empathy is simply paying attention to the person in pain. In 2008, social psychologists from the University of Amsterdam and the University of California, Berkeley, studied pairs of strangers telling one another about difficulties they had been through, like a divorce or death of a loved one. The researchers found that the differential expressed itself in the playing down of suffering. The more powerful were less compassionate toward the hardships described by the less powerful.
Dacher Keltner, a professor of psychology at Berkeley, and Michael W. Kraus, an assistant professor of psychology at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, have done much of the research on social power and the attention deficit.
Mr. Keltner suggests that, in general, we focus the most on those we value most. While the wealthy can hire help, those with few material assets are more likely to value their social assets: like the neighbor who will keep an eye on your child from the time she gets home from school until the time you get home from work. The financial difference ends up creating a behavioral difference. Poor people are better attuned to interpersonal relations — with those of the same strata, and the more powerful — than the rich are, because they have to be.
While Mr. Keltner's research finds that the poor, compared with the wealthy, have keenly attuned interpersonal attention in all directions, in general, those with the most power in society seem to pay particularly little attention to those with the least power. To be sure, high-status people do attend to those of equal rank — but not as well as those low of status do.
This has profound implications for societal behavior and government policy. Tuning in to the needs and feelings of another person is a prerequisite to empathy, which in turn can lead to understanding, concern and, if the circumstances are right, compassionate action.
In politics, readily dismissing inconvenient people can easily extend to dismissing inconvenient truths about them. The insistence by some House Republicans in Congress on cutting financing for food stamps and impeding the implementation of Obamacare, which would allow patients, including those with pre-existing health conditions, to obtain and pay for insurance coverage, may stem in part from the empathy gap. As political scientists have noted, redistricting and gerrymandering have led to the creation of more and more safe districts, in which elected officials don't even have to encounter many voters from the rival party, much less empathize with them.
Social distance makes it all the easier to focus on small differences between groups and to put a negative spin on the ways of others and a positive spin on our own.
Freud called this “the narcissism of minor differences,” a theme repeated by Vamik D. Volkan, an emeritus professor of psychiatry at the University of Virginia, who was born in Cyprus to Turkish parents. Dr. Volkan remembers hearing as a small boy awful things about the hated Greek Cypriots — who, he points out, actually share many similarities with Turkish Cypriots. Yet for decades their modest-size island has been politically divided, which exacerbates the problem by letting prejudicial myths flourish.
In contrast, extensive interpersonal contact counteracts biases by letting people from hostile groups get to know one another as individuals and even friends. Thomas F. Pettigrew, a research professor of social psychology at the University of California, Santa Cruz, analyzed more than 500 studies on intergroup contact. Mr. Pettigrew, who was born in Virginia in 1931 and lived there until going to Harvard for graduate school, told me in an e-mail that it was the “the rampant racism in the Virginia of my childhood” that led him to study prejudice.
In his research, he found that even in areas where ethnic groups were in conflict and viewed one another through lenses of negative stereotypes, individuals who had close friends within the other group exhibited little or no such prejudice. They seemed to realize the many ways those demonized “others” were “just like me.” Whether such friendly social contact would overcome the divide between those with more and less social and economic power was not studied, but I suspect it would help.
Since the 1970s, the gap between the rich and everyone else has skyrocketed. Income inequality is at its highest level in a century. This widening gulf between the haves and have-less troubles me, but not for the obvious reasons. Apart from the financial inequities, I fear the expansion of an entirely different gap, caused by the inability to see oneself in a less advantaged person's shoes. Reducing the economic gap may be impossible without also addressing the gap in empathy.
Daniel Goleman, a psychologist, is the author of “Emotional Intelligence” and, most recently, “Focus: The Hidden Driver of Excellence.”
For the sake of satisfaction, here they are side by side, where you can quite clearly see that they're different. One's a web font, the other a system font.
It's easy, when given two chunks of text side by side, to flick your eyes between them and convince yourself eventually that one is easier to read than the other. But if that difference isn't apparent without the direct comparison, then you probably have two typefaces that are both perfectly acceptable.
Is it easier to read than the first one? Harder to read? The same?
Now, I want you to promise me that you're not going to scroll up.
So back to the question from the flow chart: “Does the web font make your site easier to read?”. I would like to think, that in the cold light of day, the majority of people would look at the above comparison and say no, neither of these is easier to read than the other. And if anything, the text on the right — according to a chap in the comments — is significantly easier to read. And that's not the web font.
Conclusion: if your site doesn't have much text, a web font will make little difference to readability. But if your site is all about reading, this one's probably not so easy. I think Medium's font definitely makes the text more pleasant to read. And I think New Republic's font makes no difference whatsoever. You need to find a way to objectively answer this question for your site — for your readers.
And if you decide that a web font makes no meaningful difference to readability then you're a step closer to the ultimate goal — not having to faff about with web fonts.
Can you load the font without a FOUT?
If you've got this far down the flow chart, the web font in question isn't tied to your brand, and it doesn't improve readability. But that of course doesn't mean you shouldn't use it.
Unless you get a Flash Of Unstyled Text. Because that's U-G-L-Y.
I'm sorry, New Republic, but to dive deeper I'm going to pick on you some more. It's not because I'm mean, it's because you're sending 542 KB of fonts to my browser.
Here's the article from the screenshots above loading.
Loading a New Republic article. Chrome DevTools network panel, throttled to “Fast 3G”, filtered for fonts only.
The body copy of the article is visible in 1.45 seconds. That's a really solid effort.
Seriously, 1.45 seconds over 3G beats the pants off the vast majority of the internet [placatory shoulder pat].
Then at 1.65 seconds the image loads. But from this point on it's all downhill like a cheese rolling festival.
Nine seconds later, at 10.85, the web font is ready and the text flickers as the system font is swapped out for the web font. Yuck.
But it's not done yet. Oh no. At 12.58 seconds it flickers again as the 700-weight font is loaded (which is used in the opening sentence of every article — so this shifts the rest of the copy), then the text flickers again at 12.7 when the 400 italics arrives.
All this on top of the fact that most humans couldn't tell the difference between the two fonts anyway.
Oh and from what I can tell, the ‘Balto' and ‘Lava' fonts used here are not only 542 KB, they're also about $2,000/year. Sheish.
That certainly clenches my purse strings.
It's funny, I think a lot of people will look at the title of this blog post and assume it's a rant from some developer that doesn't see the value in fine typography. But it's quite the opposite. The behaviour described above is an assault on the visual experience, and it could be avoided by using a system font that would look damn-near identical.
Thumnail screencap (image of a whale) via YouTube user Euro News. Other photos by Mike Pearl
Your average graveyard or mausoleum worker would, under normal circumstances, expect to find everything back in its place between shifts. In fact, I have a hunch that people who work at cemeteries aren't very fond of surprises, especially when they involve exploding corpses.
And yet, every now and then there are news reports of just this happening. There is no data on how frequently this occurs, but it affects the subset of bodies that are placed in caskets above ground in mausoleums.
Is this a feature or a bug? Is there a way to stop it from happening? Are there other funeral practices we need to watch out for? In order to find out I spoke with Josh Slocum, executive director of the Funeral Consumers Alliance, a nonprofit watchdog organisation that bills itself as the equivalent of Consumer Reports for funeral services.
VICE: Tell us why corpses are exploding.
Josh Slocum: Take leftovers in your refrigerator. Everybody knows what happens when you put a piece of meat in Tupperware and you let it sit for a long time. Takes a little longer in the fridge because it's cold, but if you leave it to sit out, I'm sure many of us can remember some time when we pop open this Tupperware and cringe when this nasty smell comes out. Human beings are meat just like all other animals are meat. When you seal up a body in an environment that locks up heat and humidity, anaerobic bacteria take over. You're gonna rot regardless, it doesn't matter if you're sealed or not. But the problem is how unpleasant the consequences can be when you seal it up and you deprive the body of air circulation and dehydration.
How unpleasant?
Basically, the casket becomes a literal pressure cooker. It reduces the body to a disgusting chunky brown slurry. It's horrendous. I have not seen this in person with my own eyes, but I have seen many photographs of families who called in with complaints and lawsuits that I've consulted on. Imagine a casket coming out of the mausoleum with what looks to be gallons of thick brown muck flowing down the front of the mausoleum and onto the sidewalk, [then] opening up that casket, and seeing little inside but wet fabric and a vague human shaped stain. Nasty.
How does the explosion happen?
We know that decomposing remains of any sort produce gas. That's composting, that's the smell of road kill. This is just the normal decomposition process. When you bottle that up so that it can't get out. I think there certainly have been cases where the pressure was sufficient to blow that little square front off the front of the crypt. I think mainly, more commonly rather than a “boom” explosion you get the lid popping and then fluid and gas coming out or running out. It's disgusting, but know this right up front: it is not disease-bearing.
I guess that's a small consolation for the people that work at mausoleums?
Yeah. But I often visit cemeteries, [and] I can tell you instantly when I go to a mausoleum whether that place is properly vented.
Is there an actual reason to seal caskets?
Don't ask for logic or rationality here. What you've got is a crazy system where the funeral industry is trapped by a mythology of it's own making, and it can't come clean about it to the public.
What are you supposed to do instead?
Reasonable mausoleum owners know that you want ventilation, and not to have things sealed up. This is why you see the occasional lawsuit where a cemetery operator has surreptitiously gone into the mausoleum and propped casket lids open a couple of inches to facilitate dehydration. That's because they know what happens.
Why is that lawsuit-worthy?
They went in there and did that after the family bought this sealed casket that was labeled “protective” by the funeral home. The whole thing conspires in this strange way. A well-designed mausoleum will have the crypts themselves inclined very slightly to the rear, to a drainage pipe so that fluids that come out will be drained away discreetly. And it will be designed in such a way so that fresh air exchange is constantly coming through the crypts themselves facilitating dehydration out of a discreet vent in the back of the building.
Good mausoleum architecture prevents explosions?
Some aren't designed very well, and in still other cases depending on how tightly the casket is sealed or screwed down, you may have problems anyway.
Will a sealed casket always have this problem?
Likely, but not always. The largest manufacturer of caskets claims that its caskets "burp." They're meant to allow excessive gas to burp out of the casket so that pressure doesn't build up. And I'm sure that that works sometimes. But sometimes it doesn't.
How can someone who wants a mausoleum burial avoid all this?
Big cemeteries owned by big corporations are likely to have these shoddily constructed mausoleums and make all sorts of promises about them that may not be true. But it's not confined to corporate behavior. If you actually want a clean and dry mausoleum burial, your best bet is to be in a plain Jane simple coffin that does not seal, that can allow air circulation, and in a well-designed mausoleum.
Has this always been a problem with mausoleums?
I was in Baltimore a couple of months ago and went to a famous historic cemetery. There were a lot of above ground mausoleums. Old school ones, these were nineteenth century burials and they were made out of brick. They were one story high, they weren't buildings. They were just mounds outside that you just had to kneel down to see the inscription. And in the cast-iron doors there were large holes, which I assume were for ventilation. I looked in there, used my flashlight to see what I could see, and you'd see what you'd expect: old pieces of wood coffin broken down, some bones, very dry. It's what people think of when they think “old skeletons found in the cave” or something. They'd just put folks in there in a cloth, or shroud, or in a coffin and let nature take it's course. This is very different from what you see in a modern mausoleum.
What should people keep in mind if they don't want their loved one to become an exploding corpse?
Nothing that happens to dead bodies is pretty. There is not a damn thing you can do that's pretty. Decomposition in the ground is gross. Decomposition into a slurry is gross. People probably wouldn't want to watch the actual process of burning someone at 1600 degrees that takes place during cremation. Anatomical dissection is also gross. This is just life. So if you find yourself having emotional twinges about the condition of the body, I strongly urge you to step back. Stop for a minute, and remind yourself: Whatever happens to the body is not going to be aesthetically pleasing, but it's something you can't control very much.
What are the sales pitches people should look out for?
You can't stave it off, and if anybody's trying to sell you something that they call “preservative” or “protective” you should immediately stop the conversation. You are being lied to and you are being taken advantage of. If you were in an ordinary frame of mind, does this make sense to you? That you could “protect” your husband's body from something? Most people would say, “No, that does not make sense to me,” when they are not in the throes of grief.
Why do you think people aren't making informed purchases?
The biggest problem—aside from the fear—is that most everything that people think they know about funerals is wrong. We have mortuary mythology that we carry around in our heads, that unsurprisingly works out to the favor of the undertaker's pocketbook. Many people believe, for example, that embalming is routinely required by law. False. Most people believe that coffins in vaults are required by law during burial. False. People think that sealed caskets can preserve a body. False.
How did these myths proliferate?
Mortuary schools around the country [the US] were started by the embalming chemical companies 130 years ago. There is an entire century of culture in which the mortuary school students have been indoctrinated into a false idea. It's not a matter of opinion, it's scientific nonsense. The idea that embalming disinfects the body and protects public health is utter bullshit, but they believe it. The only health related issue that comes from embalming is from exposing the embalmer herself to formaldehyde and to bodily fluids in great quantity that would not be there if they weren't mucking about opening up the corpse.
Americans are also weird about seeing bodies, right, exploded or otherwise?
We've all grown up in this culture with this set of ideas too, that to see the body embalmed and with lip coloring and all this sort of stuff and it shocks the hell out of people to hear that most of the rest of the world doesn't do it. And it shocks funeral homes to consider showing unembalmed bodies. I've seen disclaimer forms that they make people sign that say they won't be held responsible for emotional distress and all sorts of bullshit.
Speaking of American peculiarity, one thing that I was surprised to find out is that in Greece where I grew up (and presumably elsewhere), "mortician" is not a certified profession. It's just handed-down knowledge. Do you think the US approach even serves a purpose?
Burn it to the ground. The licensure and legal restriction of undertaking to a certain guild has been an absolute disaster that has done nothing for consumers but drain their wallets. It's horrendous. I would far sooner see a system like what you describe. The only thing funeral directors in this country [the US] can do that we can't is embalming. Mortuary school is a two year degree. Nine months of that two years is spent on embalming which is extraordinarily excessive considering our cremation rate. The rest of it you get a smattering of marketing caskets, small business administration, and some very very poor psychology.
So do you agree that it's the living we should be concerned about, because even a sludge-corpse is just gone?
You cannot do anything for your dead grandmother. You can't insult her. You can't canonize her. You can't get her into heaven faster. You can't do anything to her or for her because she is gone. What you can do is something that is meaningful and appropriate to you, your family, and everybody else. [...]The first thing to do is to stop apologizing to yourself and to the rest of the world for treating this transaction for the business transaction that it is.
Follow Simon Davis on Twitter.
More on death:
The Corpse
These Custom French Tombstones Make Dying Fun
What Kids Say About Death
First things first, we need a bit of background. Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton's biggest challenger in the Democratic presidential primary, has one son. His name is Levi, and he has three adopted grandchildren from China. When Sanders married his second wife, Jane, she had three children of their own, and those children now have four children of their own. Sanders considers all seven his grandchildren, as anyone would, even though he's not related to them by blood.
Clinton, conversely, has one daughter, Chelsea, and Chelsea has a baby daughter named Charlotte.
Which brings us to today. As you see in the video above, Hillary Clinton appeared on MSNBC's “Morning Joe” to discuss her differences with “other candidates” in the field. Until very recently, she took pains not to mention Bernie Sanders' name in her campaign, and to avoid directly engaging him in debates, and in this video she doesn't mention anybody by name. However, when Mika Brzezinski asks her about her core message, there's no mistaking the shade she throws:
For me this really is pretty straightforward. I don't promise easy answers. I don't promise things that I'm not…knowing can be delivered.”
One of Clinton's chief tactics in combatting Sanders has been the assertion that some of his proposals are pie-in-the-sky, and despite the idealism he may be inspiring, especially in young people, she's the pragmatic candidate who can actually get things done.
The issue comes in the next part of her statement, mere seconds later (1:45 mark above):
And I guess at the end of the day, for me—you know, people talk about their extraordinary grandchildren, but I actually have one—and we're going to do everything we can to give her opportunities…
Whoa! My first reaction, hearing that, was “this can't be what she meant…nobody can be that clueless.” But let's look at the actual evidence:
1. She was just contrasting herself with Bernie Sanders. As in, basically in the same sentence. She also gave a little dismissive laugh in the middle of the sentence, so it sounds like she's denigrating somebody.
2. Bernie Sanders regularly uses the word “extraordinary” to describe his grandchildren in stump speeches.
3. Who the hell else could Clinton have been talking about? Was she directing a weird insult at someone else who claims they have extraordinary grandchildren? The whole thing doesn't make sense.
There may be an innocent explanation, but the phrasing of her statement is clearly intended as a contrast to somebody, and when you consider both the context of the her entire answer, and the fact that the word “extraordinary” seems to have been purposefully used, it's hard not to reach a simple conclusion—this was a reference to Bernie Sanders. (And we're not the only ones reaching that conclusion.) If that's the case, it's an almost unbelievable misstep by a politician who should know a lot better.
(This post will be updated when and if the Clinton team responds.)
Must have or must miss?
Samsung's Galaxy Gear is a wonderful vision of the future, the stylish watch-phone Dick Tracy would have worn with pride. Yet a litany of shortcomings to this $299 gadget make it little more than a status symbol for gearheads at this point.
Just wait a year or two for Samsung to polish this thing up, however: You might find yourself talking to your wrist before you know it.
The Galaxy Gear is essentially a small, elegant computer strapped to your wrist via a colorful plastic band. Its main brain is an 800-MHz processor, and the 4GB of storage and 512MB of memory squeezed into its body make the Gear turn on fast and feel peppy. The smartwatch runs a custom version of the Android software that powers many of the world's smartphones, and when paired Samsung's latest, the new Galaxy Tab 3, it can place and receive phone calls and text messages, take pictures, read your schedule, work as a pedometer and more.
The version I tested came with a colorful orange band -- "wild orange," Samsung calls it -- but the Gear also comes in black, gold, gray, lime green, and something called “oatmeal beige.” The design is beautiful, and it fits comfortably on my average-size wrist, but the 1.63-inch color screen is clearly too large for most of the women I asked to try it on. Whittled in half, the Gear would be far more practical.
Other hardware built into the Gear includes a pedometer to count your steps, a camera, speakers and microphones, and Bluetooth and near-field communication (NFC) chips that let it talk to your smartphone to make calls and read your schedule, texts, contacts and so on.
The Gear works only with the Note 3, a new phone with so much clutterware that you'll find yourself lost simply trying to place a call.
There's also a battery that offers surprisingly decent life. I put the Gear down overnight and was pleased to find it ready for action the next morning -- unlike some smartphones I could mention.
But it won't talk to just any phone. The Gear works at present only with the $300 Note 3, an unwieldy and expensive new phone from Samsung with so much clutterware that you'll find yourself lost simply trying to place a call.
As with many of its new phones, Samsung puts far more features in the massive Note 3 than anyone could possibly want. There are two different settings menu, and the settings menu has its own settings menu. There are two completely different interfaces. There's a pen built into the phone, and it has its own interface. And settings menu. And runs apps with meaningless names, such as “S Finder” and “Pen Window.”
Gear Manager software installs on the phone from the charging station, cleverly. It's easy to use, and lets you move apps on and off the phone, change the watch face and more.
I couldn't install the software on any other phone, including new models from Samsung and Google (the iPhone lacks the necessary NFC chip). Samsung says the software will ultimately work with other phones, though the company hasn't provided a list of them. Wait for them.
Despite the oversize albatross that is the Note 3 (the screen is 5.7 inches), the Gear has a lot going for it. Phone calls placed through it were surprisingly clear on both ends and easy to place, although holding your watch to your ear to speak feels as silly as it sounds. The 1.9-megapixel camera built into the watchband is perfectly reasonable for the pictures you'd expect to take from your wrist: It's no substitute for a digital camera or smartphone, but great for capturing life wherever you happen to be.
There's also a Siri-like voice recognition app called S Voice. It's not as robust as Apple's assistant, but can do a reasonable job when told to, say, “call mom” or “check weather.”
Samsung has a dedicated app store all to itself (of course). In theory, other companies can write software to add to the functionality -- where's my calculator app, for example? In reality, there's not much there of interest yet.
The ability to check simple bits of information such as emails and text messages on my wrist instead of fishing my phone out of my pocket is certainly handy; the promise of the smartwatch is clear, and wonderful.
But at present, tied to the Note 3, with too few apps and too thick for most wrists, it's hard to say this $300 smartwatch is a smartbuy.
Editor's Note: An earlier version of this story incorrectly identified the companion smartphone as the Galaxy Tab 3. The correct name is Galaxy Note 3.
One FC Kings & Champions Adds Middleweight Clash Between Melvin Manhoef and Brock Larson
One FC on Monday announced the addition of Melvin Manhoef vs. Brock Larson to its One FC: Kings & Champions fight card slated for April 5 at Singapore Indoor Stadium.
“I'm beyond excited to see two of the most thrilling middleweights in the world square off at the state-of-the art Singapore Indoor Stadium,” said One FC CEO Victor Cui. “Melvin Manhoef vs. Brock Larson has all the ingredients for a possible Fight of the Night with one of the world's most-feared strikers squaring off against a grappler who has submitted 24 opponents in his career. I know fans cannot wait to watch these warriors collide on 5 April.”
Melvin Manhoef (27-9-1) has been fighting for well over a decade. While he isn't typically mentioned among championship contenders, Manhoef has built a solid career on exciting fights, and thrilling knockouts. He is the owner of 25 such knockouts, having defeated the likes of Denis Kang, Kazuo Misaki, Mark Hunt, and Kazushi Sakuraba.
His fight with Larson makes for the classic striker vs. grappler match-up.
Larson (36-7) has been fighting nearly as long as Manhoef, but has taken the polar opposite approach with is fighting style, having submitted 26 of his 36 victims, including Mike Pyle, Carlo Prater, and John Alessio.
Both men entire the fight on three-fight winning streaks, looking to establish themselves on the One FC roster.
One FC: Kings & Champions will be broadcast live on Star Sports, marking the first time ever a live MMA event will be broadcast on the network. One FC said it will be available live in 28 countries to an estimated 500 million viewers.
Fans from around the world can also witness the action online via livestreaming at www.onefc.livesport.tv. The undercard fights are available for viewing free-of-charge and the main card fights will be available for purchase at just US$9.99.
Reigning lightweight champion Kotetsu Boku puts his belt on the line against number one contender Shinya Aoki in the One FC: Kings & Champions main event.
Be sure to Like MMAWeekly.com on Facebook and Follow @MMAWeeklycom on Twitter.
Editor's Note: In the month of May, we're focusing on how wearable technology can help users better experience the Great Outdoors. Rapid innovation within the industry has yielded devices catered towards everyone from avid campers and rock climbers to kayakers and motorcycle riders. Whichever way you prefer to experience Mother Nature, whether by using your own two hands or by riding atop two wheels, there is some piece of technology to help you improve your performance or enhance the experience.
Considering the Hero4's ability to shoot 30 frames per second in ultra-high resolution, it comes as no surprise that MotoGP™ recently announced a five-year partnership with GoPro, a marriage that places motorcycle racing fans as close to feeling as though they are Valentino Rossi as humanly possible.
But how about those of us who are not merely captivated by Grand Prix superstars, but for whom two wheels are our daily commute or weekend trail ride? Many riders already have GoPro cameras mounted on helmets, but the last year has brought with it exponential innovations in motorcycle gear aimed at safety and ease of use.
Heads up!
Winner of “Best Wearable Tech Company” at SXSW 2014 and easily the most advanced motorcycle helmet on the market, the Skully AR-1 features a transparent floating head up display (HUD) that gives the rider full situational awareness with a revolutionary 180° rearview camera. The introduction of a live blind spot view effectively minimizes the likelihood of blind spot related crashes.
Essentially using the same technology we see in high-tech automobiles, Skully also uses voice control for hands-free calling, music streaming, and GPS navigation (although any seasoned rider would tell you that listening to music is less than safe, regardless of helmet capability). Currently available for pre-order in a matte black or glossy white at a mere $1,499, it is a beautiful yet un-affordable gadget for most riders.
However, there is another helmet in the works that may give Skully a run for its money. Though just out of beta testing, The Guardian from Fusar Technologies also features an ultrawide rearview camera and HUD display, but will have added video recording capabilities intended to commit to hard memory exactly what transpired in the event of an accident — call it a visual black box. Pricing is as yet unannounced, but the helmet is expected to hit the market in the fall of 2015.
Rule of 3
If you are happy with your helmet but still want to monitor your movement and environment without having to look down, BIKEHUD is an audio-visual gadget that clips onto your existing helmet and maintains safety by operating on what it calls the Rule of 3. For simplicity's sake, the display presents only the parameters of speed, gear change, and engine revs.
The mountable gadget can be connected to a free downloadable GPS and also has the ability to alert you of approaching speed cameras. Revving in at $534 with an additional $68.40 for GPS, it is an expensive alternative to simply paying attention to your bike.
Wearable airbags
In the event that you do crash, Alpinestars created a Tech-Air airbag system housed within both the Valparaiso touring jacket and Viper street jacket. The advanced weatherproof gear utilizes algorithms capable of predicting accidents and detecting both low- and highside crashes. Release date in the U.S. as well as price points are as yet undetermined, but the jackets will be available in Europe sometime in spring 2015. This technology follows the wave of similar motorcycle airbag jackets, such as Dainese D-air technology, which will set you back £1400 (~2194.78 USD) for vest and sensor, as well as the very nascent Safety Sphere, which is essentially an enormous fully encompassing safety cocoon.
A more affordable option, Beartek's motorcycle gloves are easy to use and employ dual functionality via two separate modules- Bluetooth, in order to listen to music and take calls, and a camera module, which allows you to control a GoPro with ease.
The rider simply hits different touch points on their glove with their thumb to navigate songs, conversations, and to start or stop camera use. The gloves retail at $275, with each module costing $140 individually.
With safety and ease as primary considerations, these gadgets are undoubtedly transforming the way in which motorcyclists are communicating with the world as well as the open road. The question that remains is, when will they affordable to the layman?
The attorney for Patrick McLaw, an Eastern Shore teacher put on leave after concern grew about some of his writings and complaints authorities had received about him, decried on Wednesday the amount of detail released about his client in the widely followed case.
David W. Moore, McLaw's Salisbury-based attorney, said it was unfair for officials to disclose parts of a four-page letter written by his client that contained what authorities said sounded like suicidal language.
Moore also objected to authorities revealing that a teacher had contacted them to complain that McLaw frequently visited her and named a character after her in his self-published, futuristic novel about a school shooting.
"I'm not happy about any letter being disclosed," Moore said. "That isn't fair to my client. To me, that's a personal thing."
McLaw has not been charged with any crime.
Matthew A. Maciarello, the Wicomico state's attorney, said officials had to release some details about the case to quell an online furor over how McLaw, 24, was taken from his home last month for an evaluation at a local hospital and placed on leave from his job at Mace's Lane Middle School in Cambridge.
Before more was known, multiple online commentators expressed outrage that it appeared McLaw was being persecuted for simply writing a fictionalized account of a mass shooting set in the year 2902. On The Atlantic website, for example, officials were accused of "the Soviet-sounding practice of ordering an apparently sane person who has been deemed unacceptable by state authorities to undergo a psychological evaluation."
"We had to explain why law enforcement, why the Health Department, why the state took the action that it did," Maciarello said.
Maciarello said he only released portions of the letter, which was pertinent to why health officials believed McLaw needed to be evaluated. In the letter, McLaw said recipients could consider it his "memoir," "farewell address" or "resignation," and that he just wanted to be heard, according to Maciarello.
The letter was entered as an exhibit in a hearing before an administrative judge last week regarding McLaw, Maciarello said.
Moore said the letter was open to any number of interpretations — including that McLaw was simply writing a farewell to his employment. He also said the teacher's complaints about McLaw visiting him were resolved, and that the name of a character in his novel could be considered "poetic license."
Moore represented McLaw at the hearing but declined to reveal the disposition of the case or his client's whereabouts.
"He's in a good place," Moore said. "He is receiving treatment."
The vagueness with which officials characterized where McLaw was taken led to charges online that he was being held despite the fact that no charges have been filed. Maciarello said that put officials in a "no-win situation," in which they had to reveal details of why McLaw had drawn scrutiny and was ultimately placed on leave by Dorchester County schools.
Moore said he just wants to ensure that McLaw is treated fairly and through the proper channels.
"My focus is that these issues are addressed in a professional way," Moore said, "and that there's no rush to judgment."
jean.marbella@baltsun.com
twitter.com/jean_marbella
(Thumbs up) We wish we knew her name. All we know is that an anonymous organ donor, a 31-year-old woman who died in a traffic accident, saved the life of Lester Smith. He's the Houston philanthropist who told his emotional story to a Museum District crowd Tuesday evening. Tears streaming down his cheeks, Smith remembered laying in a hospital bed recovering from double lung transplant surgery. He asked himself how he could justify a second chance at life. The wildcat oilman decided to donate $15 million to kick-start a massive expansion of the Holocaust Museum Houston, proving that whoever saves one life can save an entire world.
(Thumbs up) Mother Nature did us a solid. She vectored blustery Tropical Storm Cindy to the east. That spared us rain, downed trees and flooding but not hyperbole from local television meteorologists who breathlessly painted apocalyptic scenarios. The good news is that thousands of new Houstonians are now aware that these storms can come up quick. If you've lived through Carla, Alicia, Allison or Ike, you know it's a good idea to stock up now on canned goods, batteries and bottled water.
(Thumbs up) Ruth Simmons could have just enjoyed the retirement life: late breakfast, long walks in the park, the all-inclusive cruise to Alaska. But in a true act of public service, she agreed this week to become the interim president of Prairie View A&M. A graduate of Wheatley before earning her Ph.D. at Harvard, Simmons went on to become the first black president of an Ivy League school at Brown. No one knows how long she'll be up 290, but there couldn't be a better role model or academic visionary for our area.
(Thumbs up) Another woman who cracked a few ceilings was Jan Coggeshall, the first female mayor in Galveston. She passed away this week at 81 but not before changing the island for the better. She was one of a cadre of women at the time who led Texas cities like Houston, Dallas and San Antonio. No one today blinks an eye when a woman is elected but that's thanks to the trail blazed by Coggeshall in Galveston.
(Thumbs down) We always knew that Gov. Goodhair wasn't the sharpest drill bit at the fracking site, but he's a homie and in a weak governor state he couldn't do catastrophic damage. But now he's Secretary of Energy and the stakes include screwing up the planet called Earth. Disregarding hundreds of peer-reviewed scientists and even geologists at the world's big oil companies, Perry this week pooh-poohed climate change. "The idea the science is somehow settled, and if you don't believe it's settled you're somehow or another a Neanderthal, that is inappropriate from my perspective." He's right about one thing, he shouldn't be called a Neanderthal. Instead, he and others who deny the impact of carbon dioxide emissions should have to attend mandatory classes in environmental science at a high school.
(Thumbs down) Speaking of Neanderthal attitudes, Houston city councilman Jack Christie challenged an editorial board member to a duel and debate because this page was critical of his anti-vaccination - and ultimately anti-children's health - positions. As pacifists, we'll pass on the duel. As for the debate, we'll yield our spot to the parent of a child with polio or to a pediatric vaccine expert like Peter Hotez of Baylor College of Medicine. How about next week at 4747 Southwest Freeway, Jack? If you're one of Christie's supporters who slough it off with a "there goes Uncle Jack again," pardon us if we don't see it that way. Anti-vaxxers ultimately shift the debate to unsubstantiated nonsense. The losers are children and families who need protection, treatment and support but can't get it because the lies detract from the true problem. Christie's rant came moments after he was the lone council vote against a city Health Department request for funds to study drug-resistant bacteria in hospitals. He also disappeared (we won't call it being spineless) for an important vote on the city joining litigation against the onerous SB4.
(Thumbs down) These things come in threes so we need an extra Thumb this week to turn down to Harris County Democrats and Republican state Rep. Gary Elkins of Jersey Village. Elkins was one of four from our area to make Texas Monthly's annual worst legislators list. We pause 10 seconds to name four locals who make the best list: Reps. Sarah Davis, Dan Huberty and Senfronia Thompson and Sen. Joan Huffman. As TM wrote, "Gary Elkins is a walking oxymoron: he is chair of the Government Transparency and Operations Committee who spent the session killing transparency legislation." In the past, he's pushed bills making life better for payday lenders. Oh, he owns a payday lending business. The question for both Ds an Rs is: How can Elkins survive 22 years without a serious challenge? Where are their candidates who can run a real campaign?
CLOSE It has been almost two weeks since the massive Rim Fire began not far from Yosemite National Park. Full containment is not expected for several more weeks. VPC
Holiday visitors are being asked to scale back their outdoor recreation plans and avoid strenuous activities or even stay indoors.
A member of the BLM Silver State Hotshot crew uses a drip torch to set back fires on the southern flank of the Rim Fire on Pilot Peak, Calif. (Photo11: Mike McMkillan, U.S. Forest Service) Story Highlights Rim Fire is largest U.S. blaze in 2013, 4th-largest fire in state history
More than 8,000 firefighters are battling 6 major wildfires in Calif.
The fire is 40% contained
The 2-week-old Rim Fire in Yosemite became the fourth-largest wildfire in California's recorded history Sunday.
Although the fire still is growing, it was 40% contained as of Sunday, up from 35% a day earlier.
Moister air was expected to slow flames from advancing through brush and trees, giving firefighters room to set backfires, dig containment lines and to strengthen lines around threatened communities, U.S. Forest Service spokeswoman Pam Baltimore said.
For the first time since the wildfire broke out around Yosemite National Park, dense smoke began to obscure the region's majestic mountain views, park officials said.
"I'm in Yosemite Valley right now, and I cannot see the cliffs around me," spokeswoman Kari Cobb said Saturday. "The wind has shifted and smoke is impacting the entire park. We have been lucky until now."
All of the campgrounds in the valley still were full as of Saturday morning, despite the thick blanket and burning smell that permeated the area and was expected to linger until at least Monday, she said. About 8% of the park is inside the fire perimeter.
As a health precaution, visitors were being asked to scale back their outdoor recreation plans and avoid strenuous activities or even stay indoors.
As of Sunday, the blaze had scorched 222,777 acres and was threatening 4,500 residences. Eleven homes have been destroyed. Nearly 5,000 fire personnel are now battling the flames of the Rim Fire. Costs to contain the blaze could reach $47 million.
"Despite firefighters' efforts, the remote Rim Fire burning near and in Yosemite National Park continues to be very active," the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection said in a statement Saturday morning.
"Inaccessible steep terrain and extreme fire behavior" have made suppression efforts difficult, the Incident Information System, which reports fire details, said in a statement. "Continued warmer and drier weather is forecasted for the next several days, which will elevate control concerns and slow burnout progress."
Across California, more than 8,000 firefighters are currently battling six major wildfires.
Contributing: The Associated Press
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/15LQT9v
At the end of part 1 of this series, I mentioned:
“While the mold for the bonsai pot is not that hard to make, there is quite a bit of prep work (screwing and un-screwing, caulking, gluing foam etc.) and as it is made of melamine (MDF) I know it won't last long. Maybe two or three uses maximum, then I need to make a new one. And, for every shape you want to make, you need to create a new mold. There must be a better way … and there is … and yes … I will share that too!”
As promised, what follows are the solution I came up with. A configurable mold! Here is an example of what I have been able to build using it.
I have taken a lot of pictures to illustrate how it works. I hope they will be of benefit to you if you want to build concrete pots or concrete troughs. I have captioned all of the images so you can read this as a slide show if you like. Just click on the image below and use the pause button which you will see at the top right of the image.
First Pot!
My first use of this mold was to make a square(ish) pot with no drainage holes that could be used to float flowers.
A Trough
My second pour was to make a rectangular trough, again with no holes and thinner walls. This one was built as a gift for my daughters friend, Jess and she gave me the dimensions she wanted.
A Bonsai Pot
My third use of the mold was to make a bonsai pot. It's very similar to the ones I made in part 1 and part 2 but as you will see, it is greatly refined. This piece was built as a gift for my daughter Robin and to her specifications. One major difference with this one is that rather than using foam for the cavity, I used a block of wood which was made by laminating 2 old pieces of oak and then asking my most excellent friend Garry C. to cut it and plane it in his workshop. I then gave it four coats of paint. Also, because this pot needs drainage holes and feet, a few more bits and pieces are required.
I am very happy with the performance of the configurable mold and the pots that have come out of it.
What's next?
I will be building another pot just like the bonsai pot above for my niece Sarah. Then, I will be trying out some different shapes using a new batch of ‘tan' colored Kast Krete. As well, the lads at Starpatch Concrete Products sent me a waterproofing additive to try out. I am also designing an indoor fountain and then want to build a large outdoor fountain/bird bath. And, some table lamps!
Once I have made these, I will write a follow-up post with some images and share any other tricks I learn along the way. There are still a few refinements I want to make to the whole process 😉
I hope that you have enjoyed this series of posts. If you make something, PLEASE pop by and share it with us. I'd love to see what you come up with!
Read more in this series:
Part 3 – Concrete Creations: upside-down or right-side-up?
Part 5 – Concrete Creations: Christmas Presents!
Photo Credits
All photos by Gil Namur – All Rights Reserved
Recent Gil Namur Articles:
WASHINGTON -- A lawsuit against a Ferguson, Missouri, police officer who was accused of choking and hog-tying a 12-year-old boy in 2010 has been settled for $4,500.
The 2012 lawsuit alleged that Ferguson Police Officer Justin Cosma, who was then serving as a police officer in Jefferson County, Missouri, and his then-colleague Richard Carter approached the shirtless 12-year-old as the boy was checking his mailbox at the end of his driveway.
"Unprovoked and without cause, the deputies grabbed [the boy], choked him around the neck and threw him to the ground," the lawsuit, which was filed by the victim's family, said. The officers allegedly then “hog tied” the young boy, which means they restrained him by tying his hands to his feet. The child, according to the lawsuit, "suffered bruising, choke marks, scrapes and cuts across his body" due to his treatment by the officers, and had to be "transported to a medical facility for medical treatment."
The suit alleged that the force used by Cosma and his colleague was "unreasonable and excessive" and that the young child was "unable to protect himself."
Cosma and his colleague then allegedly attempted to charge the child with "assault of a law enforcement officer third degree” and “resisting/interfering with arrest, detention or stop." But the suit said that prosecutors refused to take the case.
Jason S. Retter, the lawyer representing Jefferson County and the two officers, offered a different account of events. He said that the boy was “found alone and confused on the shoulder of the highway” and “was restrained for his own safety and well-being, although he did violently resist.”
Retter said in an email to The Huffington Post that, after the boy's mother filed the lawsuit, the juvenile admitted that he had not been “hog-tied.” While Retter did not dispute that the boy “was scraped or bruised while trying to fight or flee, or even during the course of the Deputies' actions to restrain him,” he said the officers did not do anything wrong.
A federal judge granted a motion to dismiss the case this week after being notified of the settlement. Retter said that the settlement amount, $4,500, was "significantly less than the cost of continued litigation.”
The lawsuit was filed shortly after Cosma joined the Ferguson Police Department in 2012. It is unclear why the officer left the larger Jefferson County Sheriff's Office to join the small police department in Ferguson.
Carter, the other officer involved in the lawsuit, was recently elected auditor of Jefferson County.
Retter conceded that there are “ongoing important conversations about issues related to race and policing in our country,” but maintained that “in this particular case, the young man simply was not ‘hog-tied' and the Deputies did and do believe they were preventing him from immediately harming himself.”
Jefferson County Sheriff Oliver “Glenn” Boyer also defended the officers in an interview with The St. Louis Post-Dispatch, and claimed the young boy was trying to hurt himself. “When they got there, the young male was wishing to harm himself and darted out into the traffic lane,” Boyer told the paper. “We grabbed him and subdued him.”
Richard R. Lozano, a lawyer who represented the boy, did not respond to a request for comment.
Back in August, Cosma assisted in taking this reporter into custody at a McDonald's in Ferguson as demonstrations were taking place far down the street in connection with the death of Michael Brown. In that incident, Cosma refused to identify himself or any of his colleagues from the St. Louis County Police Department, none of whom were wearing name plates.
Cosma is just one of many officers in the Ferguson Police Department whose actions have come under scrutiny. The Justice Department is currently conducting a so-called pattern or practice investigation of the Ferguson Police Department.
Energy Secretary Rick Perry, the former governor of Texas, said Monday that the "faith-based community" will have an important role in the state's recovery from Hurricane Harvey.
"The faith-based community here is going to have a very, very big role in this going forward when it comes to housing, putting people up," he said on Fox News' "Fox & Friends." "We're watching a very, very thoughtful, well-orchestrated effort in the face of a massive, massive storm that Mother Nature has thrown the state of Texas."
Perry also commented on the historic nature of the storm, and said that faith-based groups will remain involved in the relief effort for years.
"The models that we've had historically, you can throw them out the window. This is going to be a really, really long recovery. It's going to take a long time for people to be brought back to any semblance of normalcy in many areas of the state," the secretary said. "So the faith-based community may play one of the most important roles in this, long term. And that's what they've historically done."
President Donald Trump "will salute that," he added. "He will help them, he will support the faith-based community going forward as one of the major resources to help these people."
Perry also offered praise to Gov. Greg Abbott and refused to speculate as to whether Houston officials should have issued a mandatory evacuation order.
"I think spending any time trying to be critical at this particular point in time is a real disservice. We have people whose lives are in jeopardy here. You try to move 2.5 million people out, we did that in '05 with one of the major storms that we had, there are challenges on both sides of this. Let's focus on the search and rescue, then we'll get focused on the recovery," he said.
A former team physician for USA Gymnastics is facing federal child pornography charges less than a month after his arrest for allegedly sexually assaulting two underage gymnasts.
PEOPLE confirms Larry Nassar, 53, was detained by FBI agents Friday in Michigan's Ingham County.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
According to an indictment obtained by PEOPLE, Nassar has been charged with two counts of receipt and attempted receipt of child pornography as well as one count of possession of child pornography.
The indictment alleges that Nassar tried downloading six images depicting minors in a sexually-explicit manner. Authorities allege another nine illegal images were allegedly recovered from his personal computer along with a video file showing a 10-year-old girl being molested by an unknown assailant.
Last month, a warrant was issued for the former Michigan State University faculty member, who had spent decades working with members of the U.S. women's national team, for three counts of criminal sexual conduct with a person under 13. If convicted on all three counts, Nassar could be sentenced to life in prison.
Nassar was previously accused of abuse in a September lawsuit filed in California. The suit, which also named the USA Gymnastics organization as a defendant, alleged that Nassar groped and fondled two gymnasts during physical therapy sessions.
Both gymnasts were minors at the time of the alleged unwanted sexual touching, according to the suit.
Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Nassar spent 29 years working for USA Gymnastics but was let go last year, records show.
One of the complainants is identified only as “Jane Doe” in the lawsuit. The second plaintiff, Rachael Denhollander, has come forward publicly with her allegations.
The suit alleges that when she was 15, Nassar would massage Denhollander's breasts and violate her with her fingers. She alleges Nassar never wore gloves when examining her at Michigan State while he was a faculty member.
Denhollander alleges she filed a complaint against Nassar several months ago with the university's police force.
Records indicate that Nassar is being held on $1 million bond by the Ingham County Sheriff's Office in Michigan. Nassar has not yet entered a plea to any of the charges against him.
Nassar attorney for the civil suit has not responded to PEOPLE's requests for comment. His criminal attorney could not immediately be reached for comment.
The lawsuit alleges that USA Gymnastics was aware Nassar had been accused of engaging in inappropriate touching with some of the team's members but did nothing to address the allegations.
The lawsuit further alleges USA Gymnastics actively covered up claims made against the doctor, but it does not detail specific instances. The school denies those allegations, noting “an administrative investigation” into Nassar's conduct “revealed no violation of MSU policy.”
Earlier in December, the Indianapolis Star published allegations that came out of a nine-month-long investigation, alleging a pattern of sexual abuse complaints and systemic failures that allowed allegedly abusive coaches and trainers to relocate to other USA Gymnastics-certified gyms.
In a statement released to Indianapolis Star, USA Gymnastics mentioned several initiatives to create a safer environment for gymnasts, including coach background checks and educational materials.
“Nothing is more important to USA Gymnastics, the Board of Directors and CEO Steve Penny than protecting athletes, which requires sustained vigilance by everyone — coaches, athletes, parents, administrators and officials,” the organization said to the publication. “We are saddened when any athlete has been harmed in the course of his or her gymnastics career.”
Dr Chris Davis says government cut waiting lists by ‘contracting out an enormous amount to the big private groups, many of whom are also LNP donors'
The Newman government's former assistant health minister has said the Liberal National party (LNP) was deceiving voters on hospitals, saying its touted achievements are a cover for privatisation which benefits party donors.
Dr Chris Davis has offered a “second opinion” on Newman's election promise of 2,650 more health workers, contingent on asset sales.
On Thursday, Newman announced a $583m health plan delivering 1,700 extra nurses, 490 doctors and 464 other health positions over three years, dwarfing Labor's promise for 400 more nurses over four years.
The health minister, Lawrence Springborg, said Queensland's public health system was in a “parallel universe” to that the LNP inherited from Labor.
Springborg and Newman quoted statistics showing patient waiting times in emergency rooms, ambulances, as well as for elective surgery and dental work, had been slashed. Springborg said Queensland had become “an exemplar of health performance right across Australia”, with the LNP “making a real difference” and “taking hospitals to the next level”.
However, Springborg's former offsider Davis – who quit parliament last year – told Guardian Australia that the government had cut waiting lists by “contracting out an enormous amount to the big private groups, many of whom are also LNP donors”.
Federal donor records show Ramsay Healthcare, which has increasingly taken public patients at its Greenslopes hospital in Brisbane and elsewhere, gave $300,000 to the federal Liberal party and $10,000 to the LNP between 2011 and 2013.
Davis said that the real underinvestment in public health was shown by the fact that the new $1.4bn Lady Cilento children's hospital booked patients using an antiquated “DOS-based” software system.
The Australian Medical Association's state president, Dr Shaun Rudd, echoed the comment, saying doctors had “one hand tied behind their back because they are swamped with paperwork and our public hospital computer systems come from the dark ages”.
Rudd welcomed promises of more staff from both the LNP and Labor but said new doctors needed “the resources and kit they need to provide the best possible care”.
Davis features in a new election advertisement for health union Together, in which he says it is “absolutely clear to me that the Newman LNP government is moving to privatise parts of our public health system”.
Together union secretary Alex Scott told Guardian Australia that the LNP's own health blueprint showed at least some of the promised jobs would actually go to the private sector.
Davis told Guardian Australia that the slashed waiting times were also due in large part to federal funds, which would soon run dry. He said LNP claims of extra jobs were deceiving because they came after deep cuts of health workers in 2012.
Davis said his great disappointment was that the government “barely touched the opportunity” for real efficiency gains in public hospitals, where billions of dollars were still wasted.
“You don't address it by having a very aggressive command and control approach to healthcare teams, which is what the Newman LNP government was trying with the doctor contracts,” he said.
Davis was sacked by Newman after he broke ranks over the LNP's conduct in its contract dispute with doctors. He later quit parliament in protest at a range of issues around the government.
Davis has already made an election advertisement with the Wilderness Society, telling reporters upon its release that voters should “be wary of sociopaths”.
He said it was wrong for the LNP to make its broader election promises contingent on asset sales, which amounted to “inducements or even bribes to the public”.
“Once you've actually cashed in the assets – it's just as bad as debt – what are you going to do? Pay these extra health workers for one year, two years? Where does that leave us – lost the asset and the money's gone,” he said.
Davis said he thought it was foolhardy to be putting into private hands power assets that were of increasing strategic importance in view of long term climate change.
“I've got an MBA [Masters of Business Administration] and I call the sale of our poles and wires a capitalist's dream and a consumer's nightmare,” he said. “You might see some short-term benefit from extra health workers or sports stadiums but there's no doubt it's going to cost us much more as a community to do that.”
Medical groups oppose House Bill 4477 which they say is 'contrary to the policy of the state to safeguard the well-being of its citizenry'
Published 2:22 PM, October 16, 2014
MANILA, Philippines – Philippine medical groups on Thursday, October 16, expressed their opposition to a House bill seeking to legalize and regulate the medical use of marijuana in the country.
"We oppose [House Bill] 4477. We cannot risk endangering the health and safety of the Filipino,” read the statement released by the following organizations:
Philippine Medical Association
Philippine College of Physicians
Child Neurology Society of the Philippines
Group for Addiction Psychiatry of the Philippines
Pain Society of the Philippines
Philippine League Against Epilepsy, Inc.
Philippine Neurological Association
Philippine Psychiatric Association
Philippine Society of Clinical and Occupational Toxicology (PSCOT)
UP-PGH National Poison Management and Control Center (NPMCC)
Half of these medical groups earlier proposed the creation of a task force that will review existing policies and systems, and explore other options regarding medical marijuana. (READ: PH doctors want task force on medical marijuana)
House Bill 4477, or the Compassionate Use of Medical Cannabis Bill, was filed in May by Isabela 1st District Representative Rodolfo Albano III after months of dialogue with advocates and stakeholders. (READ: When medicines fail, marijuana is moms' last hope)
According to the bill, marijuana "has been confirmed to have beneficial and therapeutic uses to treat chronic or deblitating disease or medical condition.”
But the medical groups questioned the bill, which they said does not address the compassionate use of medical marijuana.
They said that while they understand the concerns of patients who may "potentially benefit" from medical marijuana, it is their "moral and ethical responsibility” to ensure the patients' safety.
"HB 4477 is contrary to the policy of the state to safeguard the well-being of its citizenry particularly the youth from the harmful effects of dangerous drugs,” the statement read. – Rappler.com
The Trouble with Centralized Exchanges…
The Blocknet Protocol Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 19, 2017
As the Cryptocurrency environment matures, the inherent problems with centralized exchanges present themselves on an almost daily basis and highlight why the need for decentralized exchanges is now more urgent than ever.
Volume Problems
On Sunday the 12th of November, during a surge of volume across the cryptocurrency trading platforms, many of the major exchanges experienced delays and technical difficulties as their servers were unable to cope with the massive influx of activity.
Bithumb alone experienced a minimum downtime of 90 minutes during a peak trading period; the estimated impact is more than 60,000 Bitcoin (BTC) worth of lost trade volume. Bithumb also made an organizational decision to cancel all outstanding orders without notice and to put the exchange on pause, causing untold loss for short-term traders, leaving them in confusion and unable to act. During this downtime, the price of BitcoinCash (BCC/BCH) almost halved in value.
This was just one of many problems experienced by centralized exchanges, and cost many traders significant amounts of currency across the ecosystem. Other exchanges such as Kraken have halted deposits and withdrawals without warning at various times, while Bittrex has pricing indexes that freeze or perform sluggishly. So what is really going on here and how can this problem be appropriately addressed?
Decentralization
One of the perceived aims of cryptocurrency is the decentralization of finance — to remove trust based systems and to return security and control of individual and organizational assets to their respective owners. By being able to send funds cryptographically across the internet, people could make transactions without having to go through a middleman.
The majority of crypto-based exchanges, however, are fully or mostly centralized. Network and computer power is centralized in regional servers while crypto-assets must be placed on the exchange wallets for trading, which are then reconciled when the user wants to withdraw. This interaction requires trust in the exchange and Know Your Client (KYC: providing a third party with your ID) submissions are usually mandatory. If something happens to the exchange your funds are at risk and sometimes even completely lost. The fall of Mt. Gox and BTCE are just two examples of what would become many, and does not include the impact of downtime, delay and other technical difficulties that are becoming commonplace among centralized exchanges.
The New Era of Decentralized Exchanges and how Blocknet is ahead of the pack.
The logical solution to these issues has been the creation of Decentralized Exchanges (DEX or DX) — Sites that minimize or eliminate the trust requirement in the exchange and which do not require a user to give up their funds or information to a single organization or consortium.
So far most of the DEX projects fail to deliver some of the core functions that a truly decentralized exchange requires and do not provide any of the extended features that make centralized exchanges more popular. In order for a DEX to be truly trustless it should facilitate wallet-to-wallet transactions, rather than just managing databases or utilizing IOU colored tokens. If a DEX can effectively leverage cross-chain atomic swaps, users can maintain control over their asset until a transaction has been completed, effectively eliminating counter-party risk.
Blocknet has been in development for over 3 years and back in April of 2017, the Blocknet successfully performed an atomic swap on its wallet's native DEX. Since then, further compatibility upgrades have expanded Blocknet's range of tradable coins and a partnership with the 0x (ZRX) protocol will facilitate interoperability with Ethereum based (ERC20) tokens. Notable examples of tested and verified cryptocurrencies include: BitBay (BAY), Bitcoin (BTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Blocknet (BLOCK), Dash (DASH), Decred (DCR), Digibyte (DGB), Dogecoin (DOGE), Dynamic (DYN), GameCredits (GAME), Faircoin (FAIR), HShare (HSR), LBRY Credits (LBC), Litecoin (LTC), Monacoin (MONA), MonetaryUnit (MUE), Namecoin (NMC), NavCoin (NAV), Particl (PART), Peercoin (PPC), PIVX (PIVX), Potcoin (POT), Qtum (QTUM), Sequence (SEQ), Stratis (STRAT), Syscoin (SYS), Vericoin (VRC), Verge (XVG), Vertcoin (VTC), ViaCoin (VIA)and many others, with plans to extend to more than 100 different tokens.
Blocknet will be the first to provide the 4 pillars of truly decentralized exchange in a cohesive and accessible interface:
Decentralized Capital Deposits
Decentralized Order Broadcasts
Decentralized Order Matching
Decentralized Exchange of Tokens
As far as the Blocknet developers are aware, nobody else is doing this.
User Friendliness
Blocknet is one of the few projects that are able to run atomic swap transactions, and will likely be first to market with a top-tier user interface featuring virtually all (and in many cases, more) of the functions and charting tools available to the best centralized crypto exchanges. This will also include an API that can be utilized for popular external trading platforms such as TradingView and Coinigy.
Blocknet UI
In order to realize the full potential of this pioneering service, traders must be able to experience them in an intuitive and customizable way. That's why Blocknet has joined with VSA Partners to design a “best-in-class” Exchange User Interface as well as a new main website for a seamless experience. (Click here to see a DETAILED preview of the Blocknet UI) In addition, further partnerships are being developed with 0x and Ethfinex to maximise compatibility and liquidity.
Coming Soon
Upcoming milestones for blocknet include UI release, SPV wallets, “Toolkit” site that lists supported coins, their config files, documentation, and other data, Bot “skeleton” in Python for easy DX bot building, Visual DX explorer, New Blocknet website, 0x integration (addition of Ethereum and all ERC20 tokens to the DX), Ethfinex integration (Bitfinex's order book on the DX) and much more. 2018 will be an exciting time for Blocknet!
— — —
View 2 Photos
J.D. Power recently released its 2015 Driver Interactive Vehicle Experience (DrIVE) Report, which measures drivers' experiences with new in-vehicle technology during the first 90 days of ownership. According to the study, most car buyers aren't using the technology offered, with built-in connectivity rated among the least used.
Around 20 percent of those surveyed have never used over half of the technology features found in new cars, with the most commonly ignored features including mobile routers, built-in apps, automatic parking systems, head-up display, and the in-vehicle concierge. The study also found that the same percentage of owners don't want nearly 14 technologies that are offered, including Apple CarPlay and Android Auto, along with voice texting, and in-vehicle concierges services. Among Generation Y consumers, that number of technologies they'd rather skip increases to 23 percent.
Among the reasons why the technology wasn't used, the most common was simply because it wasn't explained at time of purchase. "While dealers are expected to play a key role in explaining the technology to consumers, the onus should be on automakers to design the technology to be intuitive for consumers," said Kristin Kolodge, executive director of driver interaction & HMI research at J.D. Power. "Automakers also need to explain the technology to dealership staff and train them on how to demonstrate it to owners."
A study from the University of Iowa, which surveyed 2,000 adults across the U.S. to determine their understanding of nine vehicle safety technologies, had similar findings. According to this survey, the least understood feature was the adaptive cruise control, with 65.2 percent reporting confusion, while another 45.3 percent were confused about the tire pressure monitoring system and 35.6 percent uncertain about lane departure warning systems.
These studies suggest that these new technologies may be outpacing car buyers' understanding and acceptance of them.Whether it's automakers failing to properly explain the features or owners failing to read the owners' manual, it seems there are a number of new cars out there with tech features that aren't getting used.
Syria's state-run news agency SANA says President Bashar Assad and a visiting Iranian official have vowed to defend their national interests amid rising regional tensions.
Tuesday's report on Assad and Ali Akbar Velayati, a top adviser to Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, comes as the Trump administration and Saudi Arabia accuse Iran of backing groups opposed to both Riyadh and Washington
SANA quoted Assad and Velayati as saying that the escalation "by some regional and Western nations" against Iran is related to battlefield defeats Syrian insurgents recently suffered.
SANA says Syria and Iran "will defend the interests of their people."
Saudi Arabia has said that a ballistic missile launched at the kingdom by Shiite rebels in Yemen on Saturday night was a "direct military aggression by the Iranian regime."
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Newcastle United were not prepared to pay the hefty loan fee it would have required to sign England international Danny Welbeck.
And the Magpies have no interest in wantaway Toronto striker Jermain Defoe.
The Manchester United man has been offered to both Tottenham and Arsenal along with a host of other top flight club.
A loan fee of up to £5million was put forward by the Red Devils and while Newcastle did have an interest in Welbeck, the loan fee and a weekly wage packet of around £75,000 per week put United off the deal. That would have made Welbeck top earner at St James' Park – before they opted out.
Defoe wants out of the Canadian club after Ryan Nelsen was sacked.
Toronto general manager Tim Bezbatchenko said: “We have received an offer and have discussed it internally.
“When you have scored as many goals as he has, and have the reputation and background that he has, then it's not uncommon to receive these offers.
“We have received multiple offers before, and in the course of this year, so I want to confirm that we are in talks.
“We are not 100% committed in what we are doing and we have to sit down and talk about what is the best plan of action.”
But Newcastle has not been in touch with the MLS outfit.
Azerbaijan has never been a safe place for LGBTQ people. When I lived there, you could face discrimination and brutality in your daily life. You would get rejections from jobs, and be humiliated by family, neighbours, classmates. LGBTQ people would never go to the police for help – the police would not protect you. But that's gone a step further with the recent police crackdowns in Baku.
Outcry as Azerbaijan police launch crackdown on LGBT community Read more
I left Azerbaijan in 2014 for the US. I came as a student and decided not to go back to a country where I'm not able to be myself. That became clear to me in the wake of Isa Shakhmarli's death. After he killed himself using the rainbow flag, wider society became even more brutal about LGBTQ people. It was the first time there had been a public debate about the issues and it showed how dangerous people's ignorance could be.
Lately, things have become even worse; now you are not allowed to be seen in public places. Police raids started on 15 September when several transsexual sex workers were arrested by the police – who then sought out their friends. Those under arrest have been threatened and blackmailed by the police to make them provide information about others.
Many gay and transsexual people have been arrested in their apartments. Living collectively, with five or six people to a flat, has made it easier for the police to find them. Detainees have reported that they have been beaten and humiliated, with police even shaving some people's heads. This is all against Azerbaijani legislation.
The statements coming from Azerbaijan's ministry of internal affairs do not seem to reflect the reality. It has made three statements in the past week – first to say that there had been no raids on LGBTQ people; second, saying that some of those arrested had been tested for HIV and the results were shocking; and finally saying that 16 of the detainees tested HIV-positive.
However, the Aids Centre in Baku released a statement saying they had not been involved in the process – and said that there was no request from the police to test anyone, and they had not even compared the names of detainees with the ones on their record. They have also revealed the statistics about HIV-positive people in Baku. There are 5,376 HIV-positive people registered at the centre. Among that number, 48.7% caught the virus as a result of injecting drugs, 40.3% after heterosexual sex – and a mere 1.9% after homosexual sex.
Azerbaijan worst place to be gay in Europe, finds LGBTI index Read more
I have been told that the police are now profiling people in every public place. There have been several incidents in which police have approached people and detained them without giving any reason. They may be released after a few hours upon paying a bribe – or they may be detained for up to 30 days. Human rights lawyers in Baku have taken on 33 cases already. All of these people were arrested on charges of resisting the police and disobeying them. None have been arrested because of prostitution.
The whole Azerbaijani LGBTQ community is now living in fear. Some have left the country – and they don't know how long it will be before they can go home. Without international support to put pressure on Azerbaijan's government to stop this vile treatment, all we can do is help those who feel unsafe to leave the country.
• In the UK the Samaritans can be contacted on 116 123. In the US, the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is 1-800-273-8255. In Australia, the crisis support service Lifeline is 13 11 14. Other international suicide helplines can be found at www.befrienders.org
• Samad Ismayilov is editor-in-chief of the first LGBTQ magazine in Azerbaijan – Minority Magazine – and the president of Minority Azerbaijan LGBTQ Organisation
Smokejumpers: Fire in the Blood Meet the elite team risking their lives to battle wildfires in California and the West.
Retired Racehorses Get a 2nd Chance About 80 miles north of New York City, retired racehorses are given a second chance from an unexpected group of men.
Neighbors Band Together After Katrina When Hurricane Katrina slammed into Gulfport, Mississippi, those in the neighborhood of Turkey Creek came together to help each other survive.
Children Keep Family Restaurant Alive Post-Katrina The Chimneys restaurant in Gulfport, Miss. was reduced to splinters after Katrina hit. Sophie and Watson Nord restored the family restaurant and now run the day-to-day operations.
Too Close to God: Susan Schessler's Story A former nun hopes the Catholic Church will one day allow women to become priests.
Underground in America: FGM Survivor and Activist Speaks Out Jaha Dukureh underwent female genital mutilation as a baby in the Gambia, and is actively campaigning to end the practice around the world.
Underground in America: Female Genital Mutilation Half a million women are estimated to be affected or at risk of FGM in the U.S.
Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte on Friday blasted former President Barack Obama as “arrogant” and “black.”
Duterte derided Obama while criticizing his Western detractors who believe his government has cracked down too harshly on The Philippines' illegal drug trade.
“These white people, those from [the European Union], the ignorant Americans, pretending to be, this Obama,” he said on the sidelines of a regional summit in Vietnam, according to The Philippine Star.
“You are so black and arrogant,” Duterte added of Obama. “[He] reprimanded me. Why you reprimand me? I'm the president of a country.”
How much do you know about these former US presidents? Because we could all use a break from hearing about #45, test your knowledge about the men who led our country before him. Take the quiz!
“No matter how small, no matter how poor, don't treat us like that. That's why I said, ‘You son of [a] b---h. You can go to hell.'”
The Star reported that Duterte was addressing a Filipino community at the summit who applauded his remarks.
Duterte caused a stir in September 2016 when he used profanity to warn Obama not to question him about extrajudicial killings during a planned meeting in Laos.
“I am a president of a sovereign state and we have long ceased to be a colony,” he of Obama, who was then president, in Manilla.
“I do not have any master except the Filipino people, nobody but nobody,” Duterte continued.
These countries have walls on their borders More countries with border walls View the slideshow
“You must be respectful. Do not just throw questions. [Or,] son of a b---h, I will swear at you in that forum.”
Obama then scrapped his planned meeting with Duterte, adding that he opposes government killings without any legal process or judicial proceeding.
“Fighting narco-trafficking is tough,” Obama told reporters on Sept. 5, 2016.
“But we will always assert the need to have due process and to engage in that fight against drugs in a way that's consistent with basic international norms,” he continued.
“And so, undoubtedly, if and when we have a meeting, that this is something that's going to be brought up, and my expectation, my hope is, is that it could be dealt with constructively.”
Obama ultimately met Duterte on Sept. 7, 2016 after the latter voiced remorse for his remarks about his American counterpart.
This is the Story of Droichead Nua (Newbridge ) native Terry Moore. Moore first became interested in the ideas of Marx while studying in Edinburgh in 1971.
She began working with the Irish Anti Nuclear Movement in the 1970s and subsequently joined Revolutionary Struggle (Marxist Leninist group) that published an influential magazine entitled ‘The Ripening of Time'.
Terry Moore was active in the anti-H-Block movement in the 1980s as well as taking on the role as the secretary of the Irish Anti Extradition Committee. In addition she became a member of Sinn Fein's Education Department working alongside Rose Dugdale and Jim Monaghan.
During the 1990s Moore became a community activist in Droichead Nua working on projects including the Bealtaine Arts Festival, Culture Factory and the Michael Garry House (for the homeless).
She is presently voluntary literacy tutor and secretary to JuneFest.
This is her story, in her own words.
Advertisements
What if you could switch to any window with two or three keystrokes? Now you can.
Context lets you switch to windows with search. Press Control-Space (or whichever keyboard shortcut you prefer) to open the Search window. Type a few characters from an app name or window title to filter the list. Press Return to switch to the selected item.
And in Contexts 3 we have taken search to a new level. Our goals were simple but ambitious: You should need as few keystrokes as possible — ideally just two for your frequently used windows; And it should be as deterministic as possible — so you can switch without even looking at the results most of the time. Here is how it works:
Matches non-consecutive characters. You can type characters which are anywhere in the app name or window title. If an app has multiple windows open, type a couple of characters from the app name and a couple from the window title.
You can type characters which are anywhere in the app name or window title. If an app has multiple windows open, type a couple of characters from the app name and a couple from the window title. Prioritizes acronym matches. Character matches at start of the app name and start of any words in the window title get a higher score. Most of the time typing the acronym of an item's title is sufficient to make it the first result.
Character matches at start of the app name and start of any words in the window title get a higher score. Most of the time typing the acronym of an item's title is sufficient to make it the first result. Creates search shortcuts. Once you type a search query and select a window (with up or down keys if necessary), typing the same query later will cause that window to be the first result. E.g. type “s”, select Safari window from results and from then on that window will always be the first result for “s”.
Fast Search. If you want to go even faster, enable Fast Search, hold down the Fn key (or whichever modifier key you prefer1) and type a one or two character query (or a longer one if you want to). The Search window will appear with the results. Just release Fn and the selected item will come to the front. Combine this with search shortcuts and you can switch to Safari with Fn-s, Notes with Fn-n, Messages with Fn-me and so on. In two or three keystrokes, that is.
Photo Credit:
The Death Certificate of R. Menahem Mendel Schneerson, issued in New York in 1995, is up for grabs at the Virtual Judaica website. The current price is $1,100, the minimum bid to beat that would be $1,200.
Virtual Judaica conducts online auctions of rare Judaica items, which can be viewed in person by appointment at the Virtual Judaica Exhibition Hall, 1760 Fifty Third Street, Brooklyn, NY.
Advertisement
The official Death Certificate of R. Menahem Mendel Schneerson issued on August 2, 1995 by the New York City Department of Health — more than a year after the Rebbe's demise — to his next of kin, is described as a single page, 11 by 8.6 inches, with light age staining and creased folds. The Rebbe passed away in Beth Israel Hospital, Manhattan, on June 12, 1994, and his closest next of kin was his niece from the town of Rechovot, Israel, who is listed on the certificate.
Ideal for framing.
The United States House of Representatives, commonly known as the lower chamber of the United States Congress, along with the United States Senate, commonly known as the upper chamber, are the two parts of the legislative branch of the federal government of the United States. Like its counterpart, the House was established by the United States Constitution and convened for its first meeting on March 4, 1789 at Federal Hall in New York City. The history of this institution begins several years prior to that date, at the dawn of the American Revolutionary War.
The Continental Congresses [ edit ]
The First Continental Congress was a meeting of representatives of twelve of Great Britain's seventeen North American colonies, in the autumn of 1774. The Continental Congress sent a list of grievances to King George III. When the King failed to respond, and the American Revolutionary War began in April 1775, the Second Continental Congress was convened—this time with thirteen colonies in attendance. A year later, on 4 July 1776, the Continental Congress declared the thirteen colonies free and independent states, referring to them as the "united States of America." This was not a formal name, however, so "united" was not capitalized in the Declaration of Independence, "States" being capitalized only because all nouns were capitalized in English before the Industrial Revolution. The Second Continental Congress continued in office while the War for Independence continued, producing the Articles of Confederation— the country's first constitution— in 1777, which was ratified by all of the states by 1781.
Articles of Confederation and new Constitution [ edit ]
Under the Articles of Confederation, the Congress of the Confederation was a unicameral body in which each state was equally represented, and in which each state had a veto over most action. States could, and did, ignore what did pass. The ineffectiveness of the federal government under the Articles led Congress to summon the Convention of 1787.
One of the most divisive issues facing the Convention was the structure of Congress. James Madison's Virginia Plan called for a bicameral Congress; the lower house would be elected directly by the people, and the upper house would be elected by the lower house. The plan drew the support of delegates from large states such as Virginia, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania, as it called for representation based on population. The smaller states, however, favored the New Jersey Plan, which called for a unicameral Congress with equal representation for the states. Eventually, a compromise, known as the Connecticut Compromise or the Great Compromise was reached; one house of Congress (the House of Representatives) would provide proportional representation, whereas the other (the Senate) would provide equal representation. The Constitution was ratified by the end of 1788, and its full implementation was set for March 4, 1789.
18th century [ edit ]
The House of Representatives began work on April 1, 1789, when it achieved a quorum for the first time,[1] with 59 members elected from 11 states. In 1790, North Carolina and Rhode Island elected representatives (see: 1788 and 1789 United States House of Representatives elections), bringing the total count of representatives to 65.[2][3][4]
In the 1st United States Congress, Frederick Muhlenberg, a Pennsylvania Lutheran minister and politician, was the first Speaker of the House.
19th century [ edit ]
The early 19th century was marked by frequent clashes between the House of Representatives and the Senate. For most of the first half of the 19th century, a balance between the free North and the slaveholding South existed in the Senate, as the numbers of free and slave states were equal. However, since the North was much more populous than the South, it dominated the House of Representatives. In 1825, new Speaker of the House Henry Clay also officially announced that he and his followers would separate from Andrew Jackson and form the National Republican Party. Clay lost to Jackson in the 1832 presidential election and moved to the Senate.
Historical graph of party control of the Senate and House as well as the Presidency
[5]
During the Civil War, the key policy-maker in Congress was Thaddeus Stevens, as chairman of the Ways and Means Committee and as Republican floor leader. He took charge of major legislation that funded the war effort and revolutionized the nation's economic policies regarding tariffs, bonds, income and excise taxes, national banks, suppression of money issued by state banks, greenback currency, and western railroad land grants.[6]
Stevens was also one of the major policymakers regarding Reconstruction, and obtained a House vote of impeachment against President Andrew Johnson (who was acquitted by the Senate in 1868). Hans Trefousse, his leading biographer, concludes that Stevens "was one of the most influential representatives ever to serve in Congress. [He dominated] the House with his wit, knowledge of parliamentary law, and sheer willpower, even though he was often unable to prevail."[7] Historiographical views of Stevens have dramatically shifted over the years, from the early 20th-century view of Stevens and the Radical Republicans as tools of big business and motivated by hatred of the white South, to the perspective of the neoabolitionists of the 1950s and afterwards, who applauded their efforts to give equal rights to the freed slaves.
The Democrats were a weak minority from 1861 to 1874, then made a major comeback in 1874 by winning 93 seats held by the GOP and becoming the majority. The Gilded Age was marked by close balances in the House, with the parties alternating control.
Between 1860 and 1920 the average tenure of House members doubled from four to eight years. This number reflects the growth of "congressional careerism." The House began to develop a more stable culture, sessions of the House became longer, and members of the House began to specialize in specific areas of policy. Power was decentralized from the Speaker of the House, and seniority nearly assured advancement within the House. The increasing importance of the federal government, an increasing acceptance of lengthy congressional service, and (after 1896) a decline in the partisan competitiveness of congressional districts all contributed to the growing length of the average term of House members.[8]
20th and 21st-centuries [ edit ]
House of Representatives 1900-48
The early 20th century witnessed the rise of party leadership in both houses of Congress. In the House of Representatives, the office of Speaker became extremely powerful, reaching its zenith under the Republican Joseph Gurney Cannon. In particular, committee chairmen remained particularly strong in both houses until the rules reforms of the 1970s.
On November 7, 1916 Jeannette Rankin was elected to Montana's at-large seat in the House of Representatives, becoming the first female member of Congress.[9] In 1973 Speaker of the House Carl Albert appointed Felda Looper as the first female page in the House of Representatives.[10]
After the beginning of the Great Depression and the New Deal, the Democrats controlled the House from 1931 to 1994, with two exceptions (1946 and 1952), as the New Deal Coalition was successful. In terms of legislation, however, the Conservative coalition usually blocked liberal legislative proposals, except in 1964-65 when President Lyndon Johnson had the majorities to pass his Great Society proposals. The most important leader was long-time Democratic Speaker Sam Rayburn. The Republicans under Newt Gingrich returned to a majority in the election of 1994, as part of the Republican Revolution that gave the party both houses and a majority of governorships that year.
The Democrats gained 30 seats in the 2006 elections, regaining control and electing Nancy Pelosi as the first female Speaker. They strengthened their control during the 2008 elections, gaining an additional 21 seats. However, the Republicans took 63 seats in the 2010 elections, the largest seat change for any election since 1948. Republican control of the house remained until the 2018 elections.
Number of Representatives [ edit ]
Size of House of Representatives 1789-2009
The 435 seats of the House grouped by state
Congress has the power to regulate the size of the House of Representatives, and the size of the House has varied through the years in response to the admission of new states, reapportionment following a census, and the Civil War.[11]
Year 1789 1791 1793 1803 1813 1815 1817 1819 1821 1833 1835 1843 1845 1847 1851 1853 1857 Representatives 65 69 105 141 182 183 185 187 213 240 242 223 225 227 233 234 237
Year 1861 1863 1865 1867 1869 1873 1883 1889 1891 1893 1901 1911 1913 1959 1961 1963 Representatives 178 183 191 193 243 293 325 330 333 357 386 391 435 436 437 435
In 1911, Congress passed the Apportionment Act of 1911, also known as 'Public Law 62-5', which capped the size of the United States House of Representatives at 435 seats.[12][13] Arizona, New Mexico, Alaska, and Hawaii were each granted one representative when they first entered the union. During the next reapportionment, the size of the House was again limited to 435 seats, with the seats divided among the states by population, with each state getting at least one seat.
By the 2000s, the U.S. population had more than tripled since the 1911 expansion of the House to its current 435 seats; accordingly, proposals began to be made by commentators such as George F. Will, Robert Novak, and Paul Jacob to further increase the size of the House.[14] One such proposal, the Wyoming Rule, calls for adding enough members to Congress to reduce the population of the average Congressional district to the population of the least populous state's smallest district; in 1990, this would have resulted in a total House size of 547.
References [ edit ]
American National Biography (1999), contains biographies of all politicians no longer alive.
(1999), contains biographies of all politicians no longer alive. Alexander, De Alva Stanwood. History and Procedure of the House of Representatives (1916) Alva Stanwood Alexander&dcontributors=De%20Alva%20Stanwood%20Alexander online edition
(1916) Alva Stanwood Alexander&dcontributors=De%20Alva%20Stanwood%20Alexander online edition Barone, Michael, and Grant Ujifusa, The Almanac of American Politics 1976: The Senators, the Representatives and the Governors: Their Records and Election Results, Their States and Districts (1975).
(1975). Davidson, Roger H., and Walter J. Oleszek, eds. (1998). Congress and Its Members , 6th ed. Washington DC: Congressional Quarterly. (Legislative procedure, informal practices, and member information)
, 6th ed. Washington DC: (Legislative procedure, informal practices, and member information) Roger H. Davidson, Susan Webb Hammond, Raymond W. Smock, eds; Masters of the House: Congressional Leadership over Two Centuries Westview Press, 1998 online edition
Westview Press, 1998 online edition Galloway; George B. History of the House of Representatives (1962) online edition
(1962) online edition Green, Matthew N. The Speaker of the House: A Study of Leadership (Yale University Press; 2010) 292 pages; Examines partisan pressures and other factors that shaped the leadership of the speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives; focuses on the period since 1940.
(Yale University Press; 2010) 292 pages; Examines partisan pressures and other factors that shaped the leadership of the speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives; focuses on the period since 1940. Hunt, Richard. (1998). "Using the Records of Congress in the Classroom," OAH Magazine of History , 12 (Summer): 34–37.
, 12 (Summer): 34–37. MacNeil, Neil. Forge of Democracy: The House of Representatives (1963) popular history by a journalist
(1963) popular history by a journalist Robert V. Remini. The House: The History of the House of Representatives (2006) standard scholarly history
(2006) standard scholarly history Ritchie, Donald A. (1997). "What Makes a Successful Congressional Investigation." OAH Magazine of History , 11 (Spring): 6–8.
, 11 (Spring): 6–8. Wilson, Woodrow. (1885). Congressional Government.
Julian E. Zelizer. On Capitol Hill: The Struggle to Reform Congress and its Consequences, 1948-2000 (2004)
(2004) Julian E. Zelizer. ed. The American Congress: The Building of Democracy (2004), essays by leading scholars
Concerns about vaccine safety have led up to 40 percent of parents in the U.S. to delay or refuse some vaccines for their children in hopes of avoiding rare reactions. Barriers to health care access can also cause immunization delays. But delaying some vaccines, in addition to leaving children unprotected from disease longer, can actually increase the risk of fever-related seizures, according to a new study.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention annually updates its recommended childhood immunization schedule, the only schedule endorsed by the American Academy of Pediatrics and other medical organizations. Following the CDC guidelines means children may get as many as five vaccines at one visit. But some parents space out vaccines, leading to delays in shots such as the first measles-mumps-rubella (MMR) dose, recommended when a child is between 12 and 15 months old.
The new study, published in the May 19 Pediatrics, found that administering the MMR shot or the less frequently used MMRV one (which includes the varicella, or chickenpox, vaccine) later, between 16 and 23 months, doubles the child's risk of developing a fever-caused, or febrile, seizure as a reaction to the vaccine. The risk of a febrile seizure following the MMR is approximately one case in 3,000 doses for children aged 12 to 15 months but one case in 1,500 doses for children aged 16 to 23 months “This study adds to the evidence that the best way to prevent disease and minimize side effects from vaccines is to vaccinate on the recommended schedule,” says Simon Hambidge, lead author of the study and the director of general pediatrics at Denver Health. Otherwise, he says, an undervaccinated child is left at risk of infectious disease for a longer period. “Delaying also makes for increased visits to the doctor's office,” he says, “along with the time and hassle and risk of exposure to other infectious diseases in the doctor's office.” Hambidge's previous research found that pediatric office visits might increase the risk of gastrointestinal illness (symptoms then potentially misinterpreted as a vaccine reaction).
It's not clear why the MMR and MMRV vaccines increase febrile seizure risk in the older children, but it may be simply that they receive the vaccines when they are already more susceptible to the seizures. Hambidge says evidence shows the immune system may still be maturing during the second year of life, and febrile seizures caused by viruses naturally peak around 16 to 18 months. Vaccines administered during this interval may increase the risk of fever, and therefore febrile seizures, because the vaccines rev up the immune system to mount a better immune response. These seizures do not cause any long-term health effects. “Even though they're scary for parents, these seizures are temporary events. They don't recur and don't cause epilepsy,” Hambidge says.
Why parents delay vaccines
Children receiving delayed vaccinations tend to fall into one of two groups: those whose parents intentionally delay vaccines and those whose families have difficulty getting vaccines on time. Anna Saporito, a family physician who works at the Institute for Family Health in New York City, sees more of the latter. “Many of my patients are working two jobs, are in the shelter system, are in abusive relationships, have psychiatric disorders or all of the above,” she says. “That can make their lives too chaotic to get their children in for vaccines.” But she is increasingly hearing from parents who are uneasy about vaccine safety, some of whom believe vaccines are unnecessary if they are breast-feeding, even though breast milk cannot adequately protect children against vaccine-preventable diseases.
Hambidge points out that misinformation on the Internet often frightens parents away from following the CDC schedule. A 2011 study found that parents who delayed or refused some vaccines were less likely to believe that vaccines are necessary to protect children's health, that their child might get a disease while unvaccinated or that vaccines are safe. In a separate study, even among parents who did vaccinate on time, more than a quarter believed delaying would be safer than following the CDC schedule.
But these beliefs are not grounded in evidence, says Paul Offit, director of the Vaccine Education Center at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. “No vaccine can be put onto the schedule unless there is data showing it doesn't interfere with the other vaccines' [effectiveness] or safety,” he says. “When you choose to spread out the vaccines, you're making something up that hasn't been tested. You don't know how well that schedule will work whereas the CDC schedule is well-tested.”
Delaying vaccines has other drawbacks, too, Saporito says. “You are increasing the amount of sticks your child must endure—and if you delay them enough, your child can develop a real fear and distrust of the doctor because as they get older they have more of a memory of the shots,” she says. “We also worry that your child will not get all the shots they need because it is hard logistically to come back so often.”
No benefit to waiting to vaccinate
No evidence to date reveals any benefits to delaying vaccines. A study in 2010 showed that children who received delayed vaccinations performed no better at ages seven to 10 on behavioral and cognitive assessments than children who received their vaccines on time. “There was not a single outcome for which the delayed group did better,” observes Michael Smith, the pediatric infectious disease specialist at the University of Louisville who led that study. He notes that delaying vaccines leaves children at risk for disease longer, and that many parents have little firsthand experience with those diseases. “In this context, any potential side effect—real or perceived—may be enough to convince a parent that it's safe to defer vaccines,” he says. “However, that is not a safe choice, especially as vaccine-preventable diseases like measles are making a comeback.”
A measles outbreak currently underway in Ohio, for example, is now the largest state outbreak since 1996, keeping the U.S. on track for the worst measles year in nearly two decades. Universities in Wisconsin, Ohio, Illinois and Virginia have had recent mumps outbreaks, and pertussis, or whooping cough, has been increasing for several years. Although national vaccination rates for school-aged children are high—typically above 95 percent for most vaccines—rates for younger children are considerably lower, and they are particularly susceptible to diseases such as Haemophilus influenzae type b and measles. “Ten years ago if you chose to delay vaccines, it wasn't as big a deal as it is now, but that is a more dangerous choice now,” Offit says. “We're seeing far more cases of measles, mumps, pertussis and bacterial meningitis. If you walk out of that office now unvaccinated, you are walking into a more dangerous world.”
There are two kinds of GIFs in this installment of Baseball Nation's favorite GIFs of 2013:
1. Inappropriate images that might not be safe for work viewing
2. Players getting hit in the beans.
You have been warned, and I won't judge you if you leave and meet us back for the next one.
Oh, you're still here. I guess you like GIFs of players getting hit in the beans. Huh.
But we'll start with the potentially NSFW GIFs. These aren't really NSFW. But they're close enough.
A firm handshake/sudden look in the eyes/an easy smile
I don't know. Maybe this is a run-of-the-mill moment, but remember it's the WBC. There has to be at least one person in Italy who thought, okay, I'll check this sport out, and that's what they saw. There is so much incomprehensible baseball in that nine-second clip. Why is the guy in the white jersey mad? Why did the guy in the blue shirt try to murder him? Shouldn't he get a yellow card? Oh, and what's up with the demonstrative ass slap? Why wasn't he given a yellow card for that?
Rule 34
Don't google Rule 34. But here is an animation of some sort of dog-man putting a Hi-C box in Alex-Rodriguez's bottom. It's the clip you didn't know you needed until this very second.
Come hither
While on the A-Rod subject, here's a GIF that's not inappropriate. Just creepy and amusing.
I can't figure out why it belongs …
Oh.
Matt Kemp and Abby Cadabby
I found this clip from Sesame Street when a PR person for Sesame Street e-mailed it to me. I don't think this was what she anticipated. The actual clip is a second, so that's why the GIF is slow-motion. Also, I'm not proud of this. Also also, I'm very proud of this.
David Ortiz and Koji Uehara
Just a coupla teammates celebrating. If you don't know what the watermark refers to, don't worry about it. Just a coupla teammates celebrating.
Too low! Too low!
Tulowitzki had to see the cameraperson following him, getting the post-game handshakes. Didn't care. And even after the "no thank you" jackknifing from Rafael Betancourt, Tulo was resolute, going out of his way to …
Beans! Beans! Beans!
What's that?
Beans! Beans! Beans!
Okay, Internet. I suppose that's the only thing we really care about because we are both eight years old. So here are GIFs of players getting hit in the beans. The #1 A-plus moment happened in spring training, so I didn't get a GIF. This caption and picture are even better than the GIF, though, so start there.
Now, a lot of these are old, but I made GIFs of them this year because they seemed important. It was actually a down year for players getting hit in the beans. It's as if the players were protecting themselves.
Yes. As if. Before you start, please click play.
Here's what I could rustle up for 2013:
5. Carl Crawford
Old. But a fantastic example of the genre's potential.
4. Jose Iglesias
I don't even know if that one's funny. It's like one of those dreams where you can't run or throw a punch. You keep watching it over and over, hoping he'll spin away at the last second.
3. Prince Fielder
Why don't you see the actual contact? Because he actually got hit in the thigh, and that's not nearly as funny. But a GIF of Fielder doing the bean dance is … well, moderately funny, maybe, if you're in the right mood. I told you, it was a down year for bean GIFs!
2. Brett Butler
See? One of the best of the year was made from a '90s blooper tape. There's no way to make up for the dearth of quality …
1. Goodness
And then it happens. Perhaps the best beans GIF of all-time. The coach just stands and waits, like the protagonist in a horror movie creeping toward a closet door, turning the knob, turning the knob, slowly turning …
He was okay, everyone. Tye Waller was okay. And he gave us all a gift. The gift of GIF. Sing his praises.
I wonder what they promised Rob the quality at Baseball Nation would be like when he joined the network.
We're tracked everywhere these days, and not just by the growing number of CCTV cameras in our cities or the effortless traceability of cellphones.
Rather, I'm talking about the cameraphone user who automatically uploads her photos to Flickr or Twitpic, who with the tap of a screen can post a video to YouTube or stream a scene live on Qik. I'm talking about the immediacy and accessibility of Twitter messages that make private conversations public; tools that open up the very real possibility that every action you take, whether in a public space or in seemingly private emails and text messages, is being logged and possibly shared with thousands of people.
How does this change the way we act? Might it actually make us...nicer to one another?
Video Sharing
The 1984 scenario is one we're conditioned to fear: an all-powerful government judging our every move. And yet this new media landscape isn't as favorable to the authorities as Orwell thought: numerous cases of alleged police brutality, most famously the "Don't Tase Me Bro" incident in 2006, have been posted to YouTube, resulting in very public discussion of incidents that may otherwise have stayed under the public's radar.
Or how about the total destruction, in 2006, of Michael Richards' comedy career after a racist rant in a comedy club was posted to YouTube to public outrage? (Richards was previously best known as Seinfeld's "Kramer".)
Jumping forward to 2009, the Christian Bale incident, audio of which was spread widely on YouTube, shows that even a temporary loss of your cool is a permanent stain on your public profile (look, for instance, at the record of the incident on Bale's Wikipedia page).
Photo Sharing
Did Miley Cyrus mock Asian people in a widely-shared photograph? The Organization of Chinese Americans thought so, and extracted an apology from the Hannah Montana star earlier this month.
Equally controversial in some sections of society (but less so in others): a cameraphone pic of Michael Phelps smoking a bong taken last November. It lost him numerous endorsement deals.
Trial-by-cameraphone is not a new phenomenon, however; nor is it limited to celebrities. In 2005, South Korea's "Dog Poop Girl" endured public humiliation after her lack of manners was exposed in a series of cameraphone pics posted online. The tools available to capture and share content online have become far more sophisticated in recent years, but the mechanism remains the same.
Twitter and Micro-Messaging
Twitter, now entering the mainstream, still lacks the critical mass of celebrity names to create newsworthy emotional outbursts or moral deviations.
And yet the community has already instigated its own implicit rules of behavior. Take, for instance, the Astrospace incident, wherein a momentary loss of temper became a widely-discussed topic in that community: it appeared numerous times on Twitter's "Trending Topics" (the most talked about issues at any given moment).
Rise of the Social Conscience?
These are unsatisfactory examples, perhaps - and I hope you'll submit better ones in the comments. My question: is there a case to be made that social media - the fact that everyone is now a publisher and a distributor of content - might improve our behavior, both in public and private? Or is that wishful thinking?
I was diagnosed with severe recurrent depression disorder with psychotic symptoms (ICD F33.3) in January 2007. I've worked out since, with the help of therapy, that this was almost certainly triggered by the suicide of my best friend two years earlier.
The depression has lingered to this day despite the best efforts of counselors and psychiatrists. It seems quite treatment resistant. I've never been afraid to talk about it, and have always found that friends, family and colleagues are usually accepting of depression as a serious mental health issue. But they will only go so far with any discussion of it. There is a point beyond which I know I cannot go — my feelings of despair and nihilism are simply too much to share with anyone I care for and respect. Depression has made me super-sensitive to other people's emotions and reactions, and I have learned to trust my instincts and draw back from any conversation that seems to be crossing a line, where I might articulate some of the worst horrors inside my head.
On the occasions when I have talked with other people living with depression, I can sense them doing the same thing. I think this is a real issue, not much talked about, that enhances and ingrains the feeling of isolation and often despair that people with depressive disorders feel. A useful analogy for this might be watching a film, and watching a trailer for the film. Telling someone about some of the feelings and symptoms of depression to a certain level, is like watching a film trailer; the general idea is divulged and you'll probably get the gist of the movie. But only when you've watched the whole film and understood the depth of the plot will you really “get it.” Most people might be happy to watch the trailer but will not want to watch the film, due to the dark content matter.
This inability to communicate the deeper levels of my depression has created a barrier between me and my friends and family, leading to a genuine feeling of aloneness, that once again feeds into the cycle of depression. The one legitimate solution I have found to ease the depression is writing. Writing is by its nature a solitary act, but it allows me to plug into the positive aspects of being alone, most especially the ability to be creative. I believe that creativity, at any level, is a great weapon against depression.
Depression kills creativity, usually by stifling it below layers of perceived inadequacies. But when I am able to write, even about dark subject matter, I feel as if I am finally digging down into the deeper parts of me, where the depression lives. But instead of backing off from talking about it, I can say whatever it is I want to. The writing doesn't have to be directly tackling the subject of depression, but I find that whatever I am writing about, it is always informed, to some extent, by my mental illness.
Knowing this helps me enormously. I have published a novel, have a blog-site and write for various websites all of which communicate (in part) what I am unable to talk about in conversation with other people. It allows me to articulate the deepest aspects of the depression, in a way that I hope is useful and valuable for others. This, more than anything else, muzzles the depression.
So my advice for anyone who finds talking about depression difficult, is to redirect any energy you may have into creativity. It can be anything; writing, painting, drawing, music, photography etc.. It doesn't really matter how good it is either, the key is to dredge something creative and meaningful from within yourself… depression doesn't like that.
If you or someone you know needs help, visit our suicide prevention resources page.
If you need support right now, call the Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or text “START” to741-741.
We want to hear your story. Become a Mighty contributor here.
Image via Thinkstock.
A convicted felon who claims he wanted to shoot cops is behind bars in connection with the explosives device planted outside of a Trussville elementary school.
Authorities today announced state charges against 35-year-old Zachary Edwards and 34-year-old Raphel Dilligard, both of eastern Birmingham. They are charged with possession of a hoax destructive device, rendering false alarm and making terrorist threats, said Trussville police Capt. Jeff Bridges.
The warrants were issued this morning after the week-long probe by the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, Trussville police, the Alabama State Fire Marshal's Office, the Alabama Law Enforcement Agency and the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office.
Edwards claimed to be a member of the Black Panthers and the Black Mafia, but authorities have not yet confirmed his reported associations with any organized group. "My guys believe this individual to be a very dangerous person,'' said Dave Hyche, ATF's assistant special agent in charge in Alabama.
Lawmen responded en masse to Magnolia Elementary School on Wednesday, Nov. 16, after they received a 911 from a woman who reported seeing a Hispanic male place the package on a pickup truck that belonged to a school cafeteria worker. The package was a box with wires and timer attached.
"When we first saw what we had, we knew this was something to take serious and we put on the full-court press. It disturbed us from the start,'' Hyche said. "I've never seen such a well-orchestrated and rapid response."
Hyche today said the children and staff weren't in any danger from the device, and even if it had been in working condition, it was on the far side of the school where there was no glass.
The first break in the case came when investigators were able to trace that 911 to a cell phone that had once been owned by Edwards, said Hyche and Bridges. The 911 call was actually placed by Edwards, who disguised his voice to try to sound like a woman.
Also, the timer – a stopwatch - used on the device was determined to have been sold at Walmart, and Hyche said investigators then analyzed all 18 recent buyers in the area. They quickly eliminated those that would have a legitimate reason for needing a timer – like a track coach - that ultimately led them to the store in Irondale where a woman - later determined to be Dilligard - was seen on video surveillance buying the timer.
Edwards and Dilligard were taken into custody Tuesday evening at their home in the 7700 block of Fifth Avenue South.
Once brought in for questioning, both gave confessions. Edwards admitted to planting the device, and said his plan was to get all police officers and first responders in one place so he could shoot them. "I guess he doesn't like cops,'' Bridges said.
Edwards also talked of using the incident as a diversion so he could commit crimes elsewhere - such as robbing a bank - while the police were tied up at the elementary school, but backed out of that plan.
"Probably because of the overwhelming response to the area,'' Hyche said. "He wanted everybody in one place so he could kill cops. He made it clear to our guys he wanted to commit acts of violence. This arrest probably did stop something bad from happening."
The device – which was disabled in nearby woods – did contain gun powder. "It was painstakingly put together and it also had most of what you need to make a bomb,'' Hyche said. He said, however, that there was no way the device could have detonated, but he didn't elaborate.
Hyche said numerous tips came in to the ATF tip line, many of which named Edwards as the person who left the device. "It was someone that knew him, and was afraid he was going to do something,'' he said.
Edwards has a lengthy criminal record, including a 2000 conviction for second-degree assault. He was sentenced to 10 years in prison with three to serve in that case.
Both suspects are awaiting transport from Trussville to the Jefferson County Jail. Hyche said the investigation is ongoing and they could also face federal charges.
Updated at 2:06 p.m. to include information from a 1:30 p.m. press conference.
My Top 5 Favorite AI experiments
Sanyam Khetarpal Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 5, 2017
We are going through a renaissance in Artificial Intelligence. AI is learning to be smarter and be more competent than the Human counterpoint. It's still early days for this kind of tech but the rate of innovation, with every new development, is going faster and faster. We are getting some fascinating success stories and many comical failures, due to the lack of human touch in some of the experiments.
Developers are creating new AI experiments, every day, and opening them to the public.
With that in mind let's just count down some of my favourite AI Experiments. My main criteria for the AI research is that it has to entertaining, regardless of whether it's a failure or success.
Benjamin: The Screenplay Writer AI of the movie Sunspring
What if an AI decides to write a sci-fi movie?
That's exactly what the team of Sunspring embarked upon to find. Unsurprisingly its a bunch of nonsense with a lot of dialogues being “I don't understand” and other dialogues having zero context.
What makes this an excellent experiment, is that the director and actors try to commit to this mess of a script. The result is something that is very strange, funny and weird.
If you want your daily AI story pitches, you can follow him on Tumblr as it writes new story pitches every day-Benjamin.
2)Tay AI: A good AI girl gone bad story
Microsoft Engineers: Hey Let's make an AI Bot(A bot is a program that you can communicate with or It's designed to post single message across platform )that is modelled after a 19-year-old. Let her talk to people on Twitter, It's a perfect place to create your worldview, and it's not utterly depressing.
To say it was doomed from the beginning is an accurate statement, about this well-intentioned AI. It started with simple conversations like this-
The chats were pretty much what you expect, a stereotypical depiction of a Teenage Girl. Things were running smooth, but then people learnt about an exploit, you could get Tay to repeat phrases back to you.
Soon people started sending in some Offensive, Racist material and began teaching Tay AI to be like the Alt-right. Soon enough TayAI got corrupted-
The plug was pulled from Tay, and an official apology was given-Microsoft's blog . This was a massive PR disaster and showcased how AI can be as corruptible as a Teenage Girl. They did release a new chat-bot Zoe but she lacked the capabilities of Tay.
I found the whole debacle to be pretty entertaining maybe it's because of my dark sense of humor, but it's important to state that failures like these are building steps towards a competent AI. The best experiments are those which showcase the weaknesses in a system, rather than its strength.
3) A.I Duet:A piano that responds to you (Tensor Flow).
This might be my favourite AI project, which I've tried till now, just because it surprisingly does a great job for an AI. I don't know how to play the piano, so I can't comment on the notes that it produced, but I had a lot of fun playing with it. It did an excellent job of converting my key smashing into something usable.
The AI does a good job of following your tempo and its a lot of fun
If you want to try the experiment here, you go-AI Duet
4)I'm InspiroBot.I am artificial intelligence dedicated to generating unlimited amounts of unique inspirational quotes for endless enrichment of pointless human existence.
InspiroBot is a pure joy. It creates new quotes that are funny and sometimes profound. It's strangely very addictive, and I've played with it for hours on end.
Here are some of my quotes that were generated in process-
Deep
What's up with the milk???
Good Question 😆
A call to youth!!
If you want to check out InspiroBot for more inspiration in life-click here.
5)Quick Draw.
Quick Draw is a game designed by Google. You draw a subject, and the AI guesses what subject you're drawing. It can be best described as a game of Pictionary with the AI, as the guesser. It's an interesting experiment; you're teaching the AI to recognize the objects and in turn making it more intelligent. The AI does an excellent job at identifying the objects if you draw the objects well.
Google has integrated this kind of AI in their Gboard keyboard. You can draw a emoji, and it will determine what emoji you're drawing. I think this is just the beginning and you will see a lot more integration in future products.
You can try the AI experiment here
A controlled explosion has been carried out at Angel tube station in north London after a security alert. Police were alerted to a suspect package in the Islington area and reportedly evacuated the station. Social media users have reported hearing up to two explosions.
The Metropolitan police tweeted: “We were dealing with a suspect package in #Islington. A controlled explosion was carried out, and the incident was stood down at 19.34hrs.” Islington police tweeted the same message.
A Twitter user, Mason Moore, said:
Mason Moore (@masonmoore) Super scary moment - got told to run from Angel by police and heard 2 explosions. Avoid area. #angel #islington pic.twitter.com/bgLud0CO3K
The station remains closed and witnesses have reported a police cordon in place in roads around the area.
Jonathan Cook, 45, who was outside the station, said: “As I neared the cordon, there was a bang. Sounded a bit like a shotgun, in terms of level.” He added that police were “calm but firm” and that the public were “calm and doing as they were instructed”.
Another witness, Lucas Crowley, 47, said: “Police cordoned off all surrounding roads to the tube from the top of White Lion Street down to the main junctions on Upper Street (either side of station). Lots of police present and more black police vans screaming to the station. Things felt very tense but I guess after the Las Vegas shooting and everything else that's happened this year, people just feel nervous.”
Maria Mikulina, 22, was in the station during the incident. She said the exits were “on lockdown” and after getting off the tube she was turned around, back towards the underground, before an announcement said: “There will be two empty trains available”. After a three-minute wait, she said, a half-full train arrived, when a “TfL worker shouted, ‘Everyone in the train.'”
A train conductor then announced: “The police are outside and they will not let you leave the station.” Mikulina added that there was a “sense of confusion” as people speculated about what was happening.
The Metropolitan police confirmed that they were called to the incident at just before 6.30pm. A spokesperson labelled the incident a “false alarm” and said: “We took the necessary precautions given that it was a suspect package.”
Today's Top News Stories • Report: In U.S., record numbers are plunged into poverty - • VP's plane has minor electrical problem - • Israeli troops raid West Bank city - • Severe storms injure 27 in Arkansas - • Va. lawmakers pass slavery apology - • Add USATODAY.com RSS feeds
Leon Trotsky murder weapon resurfaces in Mexico MEXICO CITY (AP)  One of history's most infamous murder weapons, the icepick police believe was used to kill Russian revolutionary Leon Trotsky, has resurfaced just weeks before the 65th anniversary of his assassination. A dispute between this icepick's owner and Leon Trotsky's descendants have delayed tests that could prove it was used to kill Trotsky. By Dario Lopez-Mills, AP Tests to authenticate the weapon have been delayed by a dispute between the current owner, who may hope to sell it, and Trotsky's grandson, who wants it for his museum — evidence of the ongoing struggle between socialist ideals and capitalism. The icepick is in the hands of Ana Alicia Salas, whose father apparently removed it from an evidence room while serving as a secret police commander in the 1940s. She is considering selling the foot-long mountaineer's icepick, but hasn't decided on a price. Trotsky's grandson, who keeps the revolutionary flame alive by maintaining Trotsky's home in Mexico City as a museum, wants the icepick for his display. Trotsky helped lead the 1917 Russian Revolution, but split with Josef Stalin and fled to Mexico in 1937, accusing Stalin of betraying the revolution. Stalin is widely believed to have arranged Trotsky's Aug. 20, 1940, murder, in which a man sneaked up behind Trotsky and sank the icepick into his skull. The murder weapon has become infamous, inspiring an indie rock band "Trotsky Icepick," whose songs included "A Little Push At The Top Of The Stairs." The weapon in Salas' possession has faint, reddish-brown stains. But there's only one sure way to prove the stains are Trotsky's blood, and Esteban Volkov, Trotsky's grandson, holds the key: his DNA. "Looking at it objectively, this is a piece of history," Volkov said in an interview at the home in the leafy Mexico City district of Coyoacan where Trotsky was killed. "It should be in the museum." Volkov, 79, has offered a sample of his DNA for comparison to whatever material can be recovered from the pick, but only if Salas donates the artifact to his museum. "If it is for commercial purposes, I refuse to participate in this kind of thing," said Volkov, who charges about $1 admission to the museum. Salas, 50, refuses to consider donating the icepick. "Sometimes people don't value things that are given away," she told AP. In a country where police misconduct is legendary, Salas is quick to paint her father, Alfredo, as a model secret service agent. She said her father, who retired in 1965 and died in 1985, had been granted permission by superiors to keep the icepick for a "museum of criminology." She says her father put the icepick with his personal possessions after someone tried to steal it from a display. And while she has said previously that she is seeking "some financial benefit" in exchange for the pick, Salas now hedges when asked if she will sell. "I think this instrument is valuable. It is a piece of world history," Salas said, displaying the icepick, wrapped in flannel and kept in an old cardboard box labeled "Kenmore Electric Heating Pad." Asked what the icepick is worth, Salas says: "I don't know, because I don't know who's interested in it." For Volkov, the dispute echoes his ancestor's battle. "Marxism is still valid, and present," he acknowledged with a chuckle, "though we do live in a market economy." Copyright 2005 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Brace for impact, America.
President-elect Donald Trump wants his national security adviser to be a retired intelligence officer who has called Islam "a cancer" and flew to Moscow last year to dine with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a black-tie gala.
He wants the U.S. Department of Justice to be headed by an Alabama senator who was, in 1986, deemed too racist for a federal judgeship.
Trump would also hand over leadership of the country's spy agency to a Tea Party Republican who favours reviving mass surveillance programs.
Three high-profile picks — Michael Flynn for national security adviser, Jeff Sessions for attorney general, and Mike Pompeo for CIA director — are sure to give the White House a shakeup.
Here's what you should know about the conservative loyalists tapped to be in the new Trump administration.
Michael Flynn, national security adviser
Retired Lt.-Gen. Michael Flynn gestures as he arrives at New York's Trump Tower on Thursday. Flynn has been tapped as Trump's national security adviser. (Carolyn Kaster/Associated Press)
Flynn, a retired three-star general, is a former director of the Defence Intelligence Agency. The decorated soldier, who has expressed an openness to using torture, is expected to make defeating terrorism his top priority.
In his book Field of Fight, he asserts that Western powers are locked in "world war" against radical Islamist militants. He was reportedly slammed as "right-wing nutty" in personal emails by former secretary of state Colin Powell and has frequently ventured into outright Islamophobia.
"Fear of Muslims is RATIONAL. Please forward this to others," he tweeted on Feb. 26, including a link to a YouTube video that makes the unsubstantiated claim that Islam "wants 80 per cent of humanity enslaved, or exterminated."
Flynn's shaky hold on the truth was a source of derision during his time heading up the Defence Intelligence Agency under President Barack Obama. Before the 57-year-old registered Democrat was sacked in 2014, reportedly due to his chaotic management style, underlings had taken to mocking his iffy pronouncements as "Flynn Facts," according to the New York Times.
Last year, Flynn further raised eyebrows when he accepted an invitation to a lavish ceremony in Moscow hosted by the Russian propaganda media outlet Russia Today. Flynn admitted he accepted payment for appearing.
The Kremlin later used Flynn in propaganda materials, posting a photo of him dining next to Putin on the government's website, celebrating Russia Today's 10th anniversary.
During the election campaign, Flynn led chants of "Lock her up," firing up Trump supporters demanding that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton be prosecuted and jailed over her use of a private email server.
Trump's statement on Flynn: "General Flynn is one of the country's foremost experts on military and intelligence matters and he will be an invaluable asset to me and my administration."
Jeff Sessions, attorney general nominee
Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions talks with reporters as he arrives at Trump Tower on Monday. (Evan Vucci/Associated Press)
An early Trump supporter, the 69-year-old southerner from Selma, Ala., is a four-term Republican senator and former prosecutor, as well as one of the most unrelentingly conservative voices in the upper house.
Over his 20-year career there, the mild-mannered U.S. army veteran has become a respected and well-liked member of the Senate.
He also has a history of being linked to racist remarks. Accusations of racism blocked his nomination for a federal judgeship in 1986.
Sessions reportedly called a white civil-rights lawyer a "disgrace to his race" for representing black clients, slammed the NAACP as "un-American" and once addressed assistant U.S. attorney Thomas Figures as "boy," according to testimony from the black lawyer.
In reference to the Ku Klux Klan, Sessions has said he thought the group was "OK, until I found out they smoked pot," according to former colleagues who testified against his character in Republican-controlled Senate judiciary committee hearings.
Sessions denied he was a racist, claiming, "I am not insensitive to blacks."
The Congressional Black Caucus is calling his nomination an "alarming" choice.
As the United States' chief law enforcement officer, Sessions could be expected to bring hardline views on immigration. In 2014, the conservative publication National Review crowned him "amnesty's worst enemy" over his consistent opposition to bills, including any pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants.
Trump's statement on Sessions: "He is a world-class legal mind and considered a truly great attorney general and U.S. attorney in the state of Alabama. Jeff is greatly admired by legal scholars and virtually everyone who knows him."
Mike Pompeo, CIA director nominee
Congressman Mike Pompeo pauses while speaking to the media in Washington in this October 2015 file photo. (Jacquelyn Martin/Associated Press)
Pompeo graduated first in his class from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point in 1986 and is an experienced hand on intelligence affairs, having served on the House Intelligence Committee.
The hawkish 52-year-old Tea Party Republican is in favour of mass surveillance, advocating for the revival of the bulk collection of metadata by the National Security Agency — a position that aligns with Trump's.
In a Wall Street Journal op-ed from January, he argued for the removal of Presidential Policy Directive 28, "which bestows privacy rights on foreigners and imposes burdensome requirements to justify data collection."
He has called for the execution of former NSA contractor Edward Snowden, whom he called a "traitor and a common criminal" for leaking classified information revealing the extent of the U.S. government surveillance programs.
The Kansan was appointed in 2014 to the House Select Benghazi Committee to probe the events around the 2012 terror attack in Libya. The attack resulted in the deaths of the U.S. ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans.
Pompeo emerged during the hearings as a particularly outspoken critic of Clinton's handling of the situation while she served as secretary of state.
Breaking from Flynn, he has also had harsh words for Russia's involvement in the Syrian conflict, as well as the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
While he was not an early Trump backer, initially supporting Marco Rubio for the Republican presidential nomination, he eventually fell in line with supporting the billionaire.
Trump's statement on Pompeo: "He will be a brilliant and unrelenting leader for our intelligence community to ensure the safety of Americans and our allies."
The first reaction to racist tweeters spreading bile is to ask them to stop. But the question is, will they listen?
To see if he could find a concrete answer, Kevin Munger, a PhD candidate at New York University, deployed anti-racism bots against abusive Twitter users. He targeted white males because white nationalists have been emboldened on Twitter in the past few years, with movements like GamerGate and more recently with Donald Trump's ethnocentric, anti-immigration presidential campaign.
Munger parsed accounts of those who tweeted the n-word, a racial slur considered intrinsically offensive in the US and beyond, at another account. Using an algorithmic model, he eliminated anyone who wasn't a white male over 18 years old. The algorithm also took out instances where the user and the subject of the harassment appeared to be friends. In the end, Munger narrowed down his sample to 231 accounts.
He then created four types of bots: Two were “black” and two “white”—distinguished as such by the same cartoon emoji with different skin tones. Munger gave them stereotypically white- or black-sounding names accordingly. Within each skin color, one bot was “high-status”—with a follower count between 500 and 550—and the other was “low-status”—with less than 10 followers.
Kevin Munger
Each bot's account was made to seem life-like by adding some random tweets and retweeting generic news, and was assigned to about one-quarter of the 231 sampled accounts. Whenever one of those 231 tweeted a racist slur at someone, Munger would log in to the account of the bot that was assigned to respond to that user and he would reply with this exact message: “@[subject] Hey man, just remember that there are real people who are hurt when you harass them with that kind of language”
Results showed that the white, high-status bot had the most influence, reducing average number of racist tweets per day by 0.3. ”My intervention caused the 50 subjects in the most effective treatment condition to tweet the n-word an estimated 186 fewer times in the month after treatment,” Munger wrote in a study resulting from the project published in the journal Political Behavior.
In the other three conditions, the tweets reduced by less than 0.1 daily. And the ”black” bot with under 10 followers actually saw a short-term spike in racism after it called people out on their behavior.
Munger thinks the low-status bots had particularly little impact because, with followers in the single digits, they were ”too low status.” “If I could do it again, I would give them an intermediate number of followers like, say, 100.” However, the bigger issue is that the “black” bots showed little to no reduction in hateful language—probably, Munger believes, because those who were already exhibiting racist behavior weren't about to actually hear out someone they thought was black.
On the internet, people are prone to deindividuation—the anonymity provided by a crowd leads a normal person to act irrationally if the people around them are doing the same. Racist tweeters tend to lose their self-awareness and become immersed in hateful group discourse. In such situations, a member of the in-group is likely the only one who can effectively redefine a racist's perception and behavior. That's why the “white” bots were fairly successful.
However, Munger doesn't believe deploying any sort of bots against hate speech is a scalable solution to Twitter's abuse problems. “If people knew bots were tweeting at them, it would not work,” he says. The experiment is meant to serve as a precedent for people who themselves want to find new ways to police their online communities. Meanwhile, for those people of color who do want to call out racism, Munger recommends trying to find common ground as a starting point.
Mayor Bill de Blasio is slated to appear on "The Colbert Report" July 16. The show airs at 11:30 p.m. on Comedy Central. View Full Caption DNAinfo and The Colbert Report
NEW YORK — Mayor Bill de Blasio is set to make his first appearance on satirical news show “The Colbert Report” this week, officials announced Monday.
The mayor will take the hot seat across from host Stephen Colbert's comically conservative alter-ego on Wednesday evening.
Before the announcement, de Blasio and Colbert bantered on Twitter, with Colbert demanding the mayor appear on the show and the mayor agreeing.
— Stephen Colbert (@StephenAtHome) July 14, 2014
As I said before, @StephenAtHome, Wednesday works for me. See you then! — Bill de Blasio (@BilldeBlasio) July 14, 2014
.@BilldeBlasio Ok! Sorry I yelled. I didn't think you'd get back to me so soon. Thanks. — Stephen Colbert (@StephenAtHome) July 14, 2014
The Twitter-chatter was later confirmed as a publicity stunt.
"The Colbert Report" airs at 11:30 p.m. on Comedy Central.
They say that things are never as bad as they seem. Truth be told, they're not.
I'm starting to seriously question that though.
For the third game in a row, Georgia Tech has lost without really impressing much of anyone. The blocking was bad. Passes were dropped. The tackling was bad. The defensive angles were bad. The play calling wasn't great. Penalties were committed...a lot.
Last year in his press conference discussing Al Groh's midseason firing, Paul Johnson made some comments along the lines of how he "Didn't see things getting any better from week to week." Sadly, that's how I'm starting to feel.
Worse is that I don't know how to solve any of it. CPJ is the one ultimately responsible for these things, but I don't think that he's the issue.
CPJ isn't jumping before the snap. CPJ isn't fumbling passes that hit him in the hands. CPJ's not missing tackles left and right.
Is it a motivation issue? Is it a coaching issue? Is it a talent issue?
I don't really know, and I have no confidence at this point that things will get better moving forward. Here's to hoping we make a bowl game -- the odds aren't in our favor at this point.
How drunk are you right now, Tech fans? How would you solve our problems? Where is your confidence level in this team?
By Anna McCarthy
A while back I was asked by a group of pastors' wives to go with them to strip clubs.
That sentence alone sounds strange. But hang with me.
At first I was a little hesitant. And not for reasons you might think.
I love people. Especially ones who are broken; it's part of my calling. But, given what I've walked through, I know how fragile broken people can be.
And I know how insensitive the church can be.
And I was uneasy.
But, these weren't just any pastors' wives.
They had a vision.
One that longed to love on women that society had thrown aside.
It reminded me a lot of Jesus.
So, I jumped on it.
Their plan was to visit these clubs once a month to deliver a meal and gift baskets. I joined them the first night and I'll be honest, I had NO IDEA what to expect.
Now, I had my fair share of time (back in the day) in bars and such, but I'd never been to a strip club. I was totally unaware of what I was walking into.
We arrived and the bouncer ushered us back into the dressing room where we introduced ourselves and began distributing the gifts and food.
I was shocked by what I saw.
And I'll tell you why:
I was raised to believe that no good comes from places like that. Which is probably true on many levels. (I wouldn't suggest making it your go-to for date nights.)
But, I was filled (as were many Christian kids) with fear about “places like that.” That “those people” were heathens and doing all kinds of sinful, shameful things.
Which, again, is true of strip clubs.
And bars.
And many other places.
Even churches.
But, these girls—these lovely girls—were so … normal.
As I talked with one in particular, she reminded me of any young mom I'd talk to in the school pick-up line.
Minus the fact that she didn't have much clothing on—I tried not to focus on that.
(Oh dear God, she's talking about strippers in a Christian blog and talking about them being half naked. We should not EVEN be thinking such things! First, my sweet friend, it's okay to laugh. Like seriously, it's OKAY. The fact that four pastors' wives and their pregnant friend even went into a strip club is kinda funny. If you're going to walk with Jesus, you're going to find yourself in some pretty awkward situations. And if you don't have a sense of humor, you're toast. Like seriously. So, I give you full permission to go ahead and laugh at the mental picture.)
They showed pictures of their children, talked of pregnancy (I was pregnant at the time), chatted about trying to get back in shape after having a baby, etc. It was SO NORMAL.
But, as we talked, and I looked into their eyes, I saw women—young, broken women. Who had stories, probably much like mine or yours.
We didn't stay long. They had a shift to work, and we didn't want to overstay our welcome.
But, as we left, they thanked us.
More than once.
As I drove home, I totally fell apart in my car.
Not because I felt sorry for them. Not because I thought I was so much better than they were. Not because I pitied their circumstance.
I cried because my heart was broken.
One thing the Lord continues to do in my heart is humble it. Like over and over. Countless times, I think I'm going in to minister to some lowly soul and then I walk out, completely undone because the condition of my own heart was exposed.
I wept before God asking for His forgiveness in the way I had viewed women in that profession.
Because, people—that could have been me.
It could have been any of us.
Had my journey taken a few different turns, I very well could have been on the receiving end of that encounter.
Man. HE WRECKED ME.
I had my baby shortly after that visit and didn't get to go back for the monthly visits to see the women.
But, I stayed in contact with one of the women organizing it and, every so often, I ask her how it's going.
They have been visiting them for a year now and received permission to leave a prayer box where the women could leave prayer requests.
The first few times they collected the box it had silly things written in it.
But they continued to leave it there.
Over the following weeks and months (as they continued to love on these women), the prayer requests got real.
Real situations
Real hurt
Real needs
Last time my friend and I got together, I asked about the strip clubs and this is what she said:
Her eyes always, always fill with tears when we talk about it because God is SO in love with these precious women.
She said, “The women are starting to reach out more. I've been texting with one and getting to connect with her a bit deeper.”
We talked a bit more and she turned to me and said something that I am still rattled by.
“You know what one of them said to me last time?”
“What?”
“She said that she was so glad we come to visit them because we're not like the other churches.”
I said, “What did she mean by that?”
She said, “Apparently other churches send them hate mail. ALL THE TIME.”
I'm sure my face turned three shades of white.
Complete shock and disbelief gripped me.
We both looked at each other and about fell into a pool of tears right there.
People—church—WHAT ARE WE DOING?!
Did we forget (or do we just sing it in songs) that Jesus was a friend of sinners?
Did we forget that it's his kindness that leads us to repentance?
Did we forget that it is ONLY the blood of Jesus that makes us holy?
That ALL OF OUR GOOD BIBLE LOVING STUFF is like filthy rags without Him?
Jesus was UNAFRAID of walking in love to the least of the least.
Like the scum of the scum.
He walked right in, sat down and ate with sinners.
Gross, ugly sinners.
And the religious HATED HIM FOR IT.
A few years ago, I met with another pastor's wife across the country who shared with me a similar ministry, although after months of developing relationships with the dancers, they asked the owners a crazy question.
They asked to hold a Bible study.
IN THE STRIP CLUB.
Just for the dancers.
Surprisingly, they were given a yes.
(Something about it building morale in the employees, but whatever. It was a yes!)
So, they started leading a Bible study in the club.
But, something was missing.
And those ministering knew it.
The women they were ministering to needed to be led by a man—not because these women were incapable, but because of the damaged, skewed image they had of men. They needed to see a man who was safe—they needed a man who knew Jesus.
This woman's husband (who was a pastor) stepped up and took on the challenge. And, for months the dancers wouldn't even look him in the eye.
But he kept showing up…
Soon, one by one, the women met Jesus through this pastor's humble, gentle leadership.
There were prayer sessions.
Women were set free.
And many went on to lead healthy, restored lives.
All because this group of women and this pastor were unafraid to go where God was leading them.
I'm not suggesting that we all have this calling.
I am not the Holy Spirit.
What I AM saying to you is that if Jesus were here, walking among us, wouldn't it be just like him to walk into the most un-Christlike place (strip club or whatever) and completely freak the religious folk out?
Just a thought.
He loved then.
He loves now.
But, he can only reach as far as you and I are willing to go.
Hugs,
Anna
About the Author: Anna McCarthy is a writer/speaker who decided to set her work aside to embark on a different kind of journey: just being a Jesus follower. After a few years of doing the Christian writing and speaking thing, she decided to take her ministry out of the church and into the world. Now she's sharing her experiences in her blog “Just a Jesus Follower.” Her daily life includes being a mom of four and a wife to a pretty cool guy. They recently took a position as youth directors for a local church and are loving it! Check out more from Anna on her website.
Is anything worse than texting during a Broadway show? Nothing can top taking photos in the middle of an 11 o'clock number or trying to charge your phone on a Broadway set, right? Wrong.
According to The Book of Mormon stars Nic Rouleau and Brian Sears, an audience member decided to FaceTime during last night's show.
Ok, don't ever Ftime during a show. But if you do, absolutely do NOT turn the screen around so we can see who you're talking to! #nope - Brian Sears (@BrahSears) August 10, 2017
Tonight, @BrahSears & I watched someone FaceTime us to their friend from the third row. - Nic Rouleau (@nicrouleau) August 10, 2017
What would you do if someone sitting near you FaceTimed during a Broadway show?
The Book of Mormon features book, music and lyrics by Trey Parker, Robert Lopez and Matt Stone. The production is choreographed by Casey Nicholaw and is directed by Nicholaw and Parker.
The Book of Mormon is the winner of nine Tony Awards, including Best Musical, Best Score (Trey Parker, Robert Lopez, Matt Stone), Best Book (Trey Parker, Robert Lopez, Matt Stone), Best Direction (Casey Nicholaw, Trey Parker), Best Featured Actress (Nikki M. James), Best Scenic Design (Scott Pask), Best Lighting Design (Brian MacDevitt), Best Sound Design (Brian Ronan) and Best Orchestrations (Larry Hochman, Stephen Oremus); four Olivier Awards, including Best Musical; The New York Drama Critics Circle Award for Best Musical; five Drama Desk Awards including Best Musical; the 2011 Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album; four Outer Critics Circle Awards, including Best Musical, and the Drama League Award for Best Musical.
Related Articles
More Hot Stories For You
You're not imagining it: Your dog loves looking deeply into your eyes while you smile just as much as you love your pup's sweet doggie grin. It's clearly a mutual admiration between the two of you, but it's also science.
Every time you lovingly gaze into your canine's eyes, its levels of oxytocin — the hormone associated with love, attachment and trust — rise, as do your own. But scientists knew that part already. Recently, researchers at the University of Helsinki's Canine Mind project have discovered that dogs love seeing humans smile so much that they may even ignore the presence of danger in lieu of a view of our pearly whites. The results were published in October in the Frontiers in Psychology journal.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
For the study, 43 dogs were shown images of smiling or angry human faces. The dogs were each tested two times. The first time, they were under the influence of oxytocin (administered to the dogs as part of the test), and the second time they were not given additional oxytocin. Each time, the test pups' pupil sizes were measured via an eye-tracking device. Since emotional response and attentiveness guide a dog's gaze and regulate pupil size, eye-tracking gives insight into what goes on inside a canine's mind.
Can't get enough of cats, dogs and other furry friends? Click here to get the cutest pet news and photos delivered directly to your inbox.
The study was led by Finnish Prof. Outi Vainio. “We were among the first researchers in the world to use pupil measurements in the evaluation of dogs' emotional states … This method had previously only been used on humans and apes,” said Vainio.
Typically, dogs are more likely to focus on threatening or dangerous cues in any given social situation. The study revealed that the hormone oxytocin made them ignore or override their ingrained survival instinct. Instead, they were more interested in and reactive to smiling human faces. Accordingly, without the influence of oxytocin, the dogs' pupils were more dilated as they responded to angry faces.
RELATED: PEOPLE Pet Vet Dr. Evan Antin Baby Talks With Animals
“Both effects,” says Prof. Vainio, “promote dog-human communication and the development of affectionate relations.”
So, next time you're disciplining your dog, keep in mind that old expression “you catch more flies with honey than vinegar.” Turns out that turning your own frown upside down may have a greater positive net effect on your pooch's mood and behavior than scolding or dog shaming.
People stand among damages at the scene of a blast after two car bombs exploded in Mogadishu on October 28, 2017.
Islamist group al Shabaab claimed responsibility for two deadly car bombs that exploded in Mogadishu on Saturday, two weeks after a huge truck bomb killed hundreds of civilians in the Somali capital.
ADVERTISING Read more
A suicide car bomb rammed into a hotel, the Nasahablod Two – which lies about 600 metres from the presidential palace – and then armed militants stormed the building, police said.
A few minutes later, a car bomb exploded near the former parliament house nearby.
Ali Nur, a police officer, told Reuters that 17 people, mostly policemen, had died in the blasts.
“Security forces have entered a small portion of the hotel building ... the exchange of gunfire is hellish,” he said.
The police personnel who died had been stationed close to hotel's gate. The dead also included a former lawmaker, he said.
Fighting continued to rage inside the hotel after the blast and police said the death toll was likely to rise.
2 Massive car bomb blast rocks Naasahablood2 hotel near state house #Mogadishu #Somalia
More to follow ! pic.twitter.com/GisLta2iT4 Radio Dalsan (@DalsanFM) October 28, 2017
Abdikadir Abdirahman, director of Amin ambulances, told Reuters the emergency service had carried 17 people injured from the hotel bombing.
A huge cloud of smoke rose over the scene and a Reuters witness saw more than a dozen wrecked cars and bloodstains in front of the hotel.
Islamist group al Shabaab, responsible for scores of such attacks in the country's long civil war, said it carried out Saturday's bombings.
“We targeted ministers and security officials who were inside the hotel. We are fighting inside,” Abdiasis Abu Musab, the group's military operations spokesman, told Reuters.
He said the hotel belonged to Somalia's internal security minister, Mohamed Abukar Islow.
Al Shabaab is fighting to topple Somalia's internationally-backed government and impose its strict interpretation of Islam's sharia law.
Bombs in Mogadishu two weeks ago killed at least 358 people, the worst such attacks in the country's history, igniting nationwide outrage.
Another 56 people are still missing, believed to have been burnt without a trace. Al Shabaab was widely suspected, but has not claimed responsibility after thousands of Somalis poured onto the streets in protest.
Al Shabaab's attacks are growing in frequency and size as a 22,000-strong African Union peacekeeping force prepares to begin withdrawing.
In 2016, 723 people died in 395 bomb attacks in Somalia, according to a report produced earlier this year by Nairobi-based think tank Sahan Research.
(FRANCE 24 with REUTERS)
Story highlights Bernie Sanders laughed Sunday at the idea his candidacy has caused stocks to tumble
Sanders said he expects media organizations to endorse Hillary Clinton in the Democratic race
(CNN) Bernie Sanders laughed Sunday at the notion that his surging Democratic presidential candidacy has caused stocks to falter.
ABC's "This Week" host Martha Raddatz asked Sanders about Blackstone CEO Steve Schwarzman's argument that financial markets are unsettled because of Sanders, China's slowdown and global geopolitical risk.
As Sanders laughed, Raddatz pressed him on the impact a declining stock market has on retirement and pension funds.
"The reason that I am laughing is that I fully admit to having a big ego, like many other politicians," Sanders said. "But the idea that Bernie Sanders' candidacy, because that it has growing support all over this country, is unsettling world markets, is absolutely absurd."
Sanders said that he is, though, "getting the attention of Wall Street" with his calls to break up big banks and reinstitute a Depression-era law repealed under Bill Clinton that once separated commercial and investment banks.
Read More
File this one under Do Not Try At Home.
Clean-water activist and serial swimmer Christopher Swain plans to celebrate Earth Day this year by dipping himself in the sludgy waters of the Gowanus Canal—and then swimming 1.8 miles.
Swathed in a bright yellow drysuit and “exposure protection gear,” Swain will enter the canal near the Flushing Tunnel and proceed to swim the entire length, all the way to New York Harbor. Along the route, he'll encounter industrial waste, fuel slicks, sewage, trash, possibly even gonorrhea—and that's if things go according to plan.
It is thought that Swain will be the first person in history to attempt this feat. Here's hoping he's also the first person to complete it, unharmed.
Um, Why?
The purpose of this act is not to freak you out, or encourage anyone else to take a dip (definitely not that). Swain claims he's actually trying to call attention to the slow federal cleanup of the canal, and advocate for an eventual swimmable waterway.
“It isn't meant to be a stunt, it's just meant to be a swimmer imagining a day when everybody can swim it,” Swain told the Daily News. “I don't think big changes happen unless someone is willing to put themselves on the line.”
This isn't the first time Swain has taken a swim to raise awareness about threatened waterways. Since 1996, the native New Yorker has also swum the entire lengths of the Columbia, Hudson, Mohawk, Charles, and Mystic Rivers, as well as Lake Champlain, and large sections of the Atlantic coastline of the United States.
The EPA has taken this occasion to remind us that swimming in the canal is not advised:
The EPA strongly advises AGAINST swimming in the #Gowanus Canal. Please see our fact sheet: http://t.co/IzCuoPHGrW @Brooklyn_Paper — US EPA – NJ,NY,PR,VI (@EPAregion2) April 21, 2015
You Can Watch
For those of you eager to see Swain do his thing, here are the details:
When: Earth Day, April 22, 2015, 12:30 p.m.
Where: Whole Foods Market, 214 3rd Street, Brooklyn, NY 11215 (Park vehicles in WFM lot. Park bikes in racks near store entrance. Gather in Park/Walkway along the Canal, at the outer edge of the WFM parking lot.)
In both Germany and America, it's customary for the dinner host to signal when people are allowed to take off their jackets. If the host forgets, then the guests have to sit and sweat, even during dessert. Those are the rules.
When US President Barack Obama recently gave a speech in Berlin, standing behind bulletproof glass in sweltering 35 degree Celsius (95 degree Fahrenheit) heat, he swiftly removed his jacket. "We can be a little more informal among friends," he said. The hosts were glad and followed his example.
Was it just one of these trivial details that occasionally become headlines and substitute for politics -- or another indication of the changing power balance between the two countries?
There was no pathos to Obama's short, functional and casual first state visit to Berlin, four years after he took office. The Germans voiced their criticism without offending their visitor, but still ensured that he heard it. The term "data protection" didn't sound as guarded as the term "human rights" sounds when the Germans travel to China. Germany and the US are no longer the protectee and the protector, the needy and the benefactor. They are partners who are "truly on an equal footing," as Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle says.
The old cravings for praise and longing to be recognized have evaporated, along with the awe. US security officials wanted to deploy a so-called jammer in Berlin to disable mobile phone networks within a distance of 100 meters (328 feet), but Germany's Federal Office of Criminal Investigation (BKA) said it wasn't necessary.
A Stalwart Partner
It's normal for ties to evolve and occasionally loosen. Germany no longer needs protection from the Warsaw Pact, and the US no longer pursues strategic interests here in Germany. The wave of German immigrants who helped shape America, D-Day, the Cold War and the fall of the Berlin Wall are all history. Traditions and emotions have faded. Now plans and tactics link the two countries -- and that suits German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Obama just fine.
According to Professor Stephen Walt of the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, Merkel is perceived in the US as "matter-of-fact and serious," and as a woman who "doesn't posture." He says she is "a leader who doesn't just tell you what you want to hear, someone with whom you can do business." The image that Washington has of France, Italy and even Britain is different: volatile, moody and whiny. Germany is seen as a stalwart partner -- and that's worth a great deal.
But it takes two to achieve a change in roles, and this also includes America. "In the 1990s, we thought we had the magic formula for everything. We were rich and invincible, and even Germany was expected to do what we wanted," says Walt. Those days are over. The US is vulnerable. It is losing wars, suffering from unemployment and learning something as European as modesty.
A Relationship of 'True Equals'
"The rattled US perceives Germany as an economically strong, tolerant and thoroughly democratic society. Consequently, the senior and junior partners have found their way to a mature relationship of true equals," says Nicholas Burns, a Harvard professor for international politics. And both of these partners need each other to keep pace with Asia and solve tomorrow's global problems. "We're talking about climate change, terror, weapons of mass destruction and migration," says Burns, adding that "no country will be able to achieve anything alone in the future." Anyone who speaks with American observers of German policy senses both sides of this changing relationship: respect coupled with the hope that the Germans will act on their newfound position.
A power vacuum is emerging in international politics, at the United Nations and other institutions -- and this is also something new. The US wants to economize its strength and is pulling back. Newcomers China, Brazil and India act as if they are busy enough with their own growth.
For Germany, this means the beginning of a new era of distinctively European foreign policy. Selling arms but remaining largely on the sidelines is no foreign policy. Part of growing up is accepting the things in life that are uncomfortable. It requires policies -- on the Middle East, on drone warfare and on climate change -- and it requires action.
On Wednesday, former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin endorsed conservative Tennessee state representative Joe Carr in his primary bid to oust incumbent Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-TN).
Carr has been hammering Alexander before the August 7th primary for voting for the Senate's Gang of Eight comprehensive amnesty bills even after he was warned by law enforcement officials that it would exacerbate the border crisis. Even Sen. Thad Cochran (R-MS) voted against the final bill.
Palin thanked Alexander for his service and then promptly said it is time for new leaders who will have the guts to tell the Obama administration, “no mas.”
“Unfortunately, advocating and voting for amnesty, cash for clunkers, bailouts, raising the debt ceiling, and many controversial Obama administration nominees has marred the incumbent's record,” Palin wrote on her Facebook page. “It's time for a change.”
Palin's announcement comes a day after conservative talk radio host Laura Ingraham, who powered Dave Brat to a shocking upset win over House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-VA) last month, campaigned for Brat in Tennessee on Tuesday evening.
“I am here, my friends, to help you retire the political equivalent of your old plaid sweater,” she said at the rally, as Breitbart News reported.
Palin said Carr, “a citizen legislator who brings his small business experience to bear in the Tennessee General Assembly,” is “the new voice Tennessee needs in the U.S. Senate!”
“He's stood up to those in his own party, fighting to enact some of the toughest illegal immigration legislation in the country and working to make Tennessee the 4th most business friendly state in the nation,” she added. “Joe knows that government is most often the problem, not the solution, and he will work to reduce the size of our federal bureaucracy and always use the Constitution as his guide.”
Palin also said it was disappointing and “pretty unbelievable” that Alexander has refused to debate Carr because “the good people of Tennessee deserve to hear from both these candidates to know who will be on their side and who will choose the Washington status quo.”
“The conservative grassroots patriots in Tennessee have clearly spoken. When I visited there earlier this month, I was impressed by all the energy and momentum behind Joe Carr,” she said. “Please join me in supporting him as the Volunteer State's next Senator!”
Former South Carolina Senator and Heritage Foundation President Jim DeMint has said that Palin's endorsement is the most important in a GOP primary.
I spent 15 years in the States and left in 2006, precisely because I saw the horrifying decline of this great nation. Don't you think, though, that before a turnaround plan you need to do a SWOT analysis? Here's a quick stab at it:
Strengths:
Bar none, the most diligent, hard-working, dedicated, disciplined and focused people in the world. I've lived on three continents and know what I am talking about.
Weaknesses:
1. Decay of rationalism. Right there is your biggest problem. The War on Science; to ascend of bullshit artists and religious nutjobs; the contempt for reality, facts, numbers, data that has pervaded the business, financial and political elites.
2. Very poor lifestyle energy-efficiency, especially in transportation
3. Unsustainable military spending and engagements
4. Proliferation of a "heads I win, tails someone else loses" model in the economy and finance, also known as "Privatization of profits, socialization of losses" (And yes, many venture capitalists can be blamed for that, too.)
Opportunities:
Given the long traditions of rational pragmatism in America and the nation-wide consensus that things need to be changed, there is a real opportunity here for bold and rational changes. In that regard your country is extremely lucky that it will have as a President someone who is universally acknowledged as the "deepest thinker to ever get in the Oval Office". I know this may sound crazy after the past eight years, but being smart and thinking is actually NOT a bad thing.
(And yes, Clinton was also amazingly brilliant, however, he was not really a "thinker". He would rely on his intelligence to mostly wing it and go by feel, instead of through a formal analytical thought process)
Threats:
Being too late to avoid a profound decline.
Finally, I am a bit ambivalent on the debt thing. Yes, I am worried that my children (all of them U.S. citizen) would have to pay it down, however, as pointed out, you would be crazy not to finance your country's prosperity at such low financing costs (3-4%).
Scotland is about to become "one of the most powerful devolved parliaments in the world".
That, at least, is the boast of David Cameron. And, brace yourselves, you're going to hear it endlessly over the next couple of months.
Why? Because such dull sloganeering is one of the prices we are all paying for the new powers released by this week's big financial deal between Edinburgh and London.
But is the prime minister right? Probably not, no.
The world, after all, is a big, big place and is dotted with semi-independent statelets that pack way more power over their own affairs than Scotland. One, the Faroe Islands, is just off our shores and pictured below.
Our northern neighbours - who know us so well they use our political jargon - reckon they have the "Devo Max" we have never quite been offered.
The Faroe Islands
The Faroese, just as one example, can make sovereign decisions such as whether to be in the European Union or not. Scotland can't.
So it's pretty tempting just to file Cameron's boast under "stupid noises politicians make" and forget about it.
But I don't think we should. We really should be wondering where we rank on a notional league table of world autonomy.
Because doing so is a fantastic way of thinking about just how much power and influence we want in Scotland - and about exactly what constitutes power and influence for a stateless nation or region.
Some academics have had a bash at putting together a league table, the Regional Autonomy Index. Scotland, needless to say, isn't at the top. Such honours go to places like Spain's Basque Country and Srpska Republika, the Serb-ruled half of divided Bosnia.
Picture: Basque Country's classiest resort at San Sebastian
The official Tory line, for what it is worth, seems to be based on Holyrood research showing Scotland ranking above US states or German lander but behind Canadian provinces or Swiss cantons.
Such rankings are based on how much tax is raised and spent in Scotland compared with other sub-state regions.
I'm not convinced that's the best measure. Why? Because power and influence cuts two ways. First is how much sway a central government has over its region. Second is how much sway a region has over its central authority.
Academics call the former "self-rule" and the latter "shared rule".
Nicola McEwen, pictured below, is a professor of territorial politics at Edinburgh University. I asked her whether Scotland was one of the world's most powerful devolved parliaments. "In terms of self-rule, yes," she said. "In terms of influence over the centre, no."
And here we get to the heart of the matter: Britain, unlike Canada or Russia or America or Germany, isn't a federation.
So it doesn't make a whole lot of sense to compare Scotland with, say the tiny US state of Rhode Island, which has the same number of votes in the federal Senate as mighty California.
There was another political boast just ahead of the independence referendum.
Scotland, former prime minister Gordon Brown said, would be "as close to federalism as you can have in a nation where one part forms 85 per cent of the population." He, like Mr Cameron, was wrong.
More background: Federalism is hard to deliver in states with one nation or region that is bigger than the others. David Leask on Spain's troubled federalists.
More Background: Columnist David Torrance on Gordon Brown's federalism
Dad-rock (n.): 1. (lit.) music played by dads; 2. music made by old white dudes that somehow always ends up on the car stereo and/or being played on the hi-fi at various school friends' houses. Both these definitions probably leave you with the impression that it's something to avoid, and while this is often true, it's not always the case. Apropos of a recent Flavorwire office discussion about modern-day dad-rock, here's a list of 20 AOR staples that are actually, y'know, good, starting in the golden age of dad-rock (i.e., the '60s) and stretching through to the present day.
Santana — Abraxas
It may be impossible to listen to Santana without thinking of the episode of The Mighty Boosh where Rudi and Spider go searching for the new sound, but that doesn't mean the man didn't write some decent tunes. His guitar playing is particularly spectacular here, and “Black Magic Woman” is the one Santana song you should know.
Van Morrison — Astral Weeks
One of those albums that always ends up in “best album ever” polls in magazines like Mojo despite no one under 40 having actually heard it. It's worth hearing, though!
Booker T & the MG's — Green Onions
You've probably heard the title track a gazillion times on whatever golden oldies station your dad prefers. That doesn't mean it's not a jam, though.
Cream — Disraeli Gears
Eric Clapton may be a thoroughly unpleasant man (as, for that matter, is Ginger Baker), but they could certainly play. Enjoying their music necessarily involves some difficult art/artist separation, but hey, at least there's not a naked 11-year-old girl on the front of this one!
Queen — Sheer Heart Attack
It was always kinda hilarious how Queen were embraced by manly men who had sheds and framed sports jerseys and authentic neon Miller Lite signs on their walls. You can find such men singing along to “We are the Champions” on any given Sunday, entirely oblivious to the fact that the man they were singing along to May or may not have once hosted a party that involved naked dwarfs with platters of cocaine strapped to their heads.
Pink Floyd — The Dark Side of the Moon
One of the things people tend to overlook when evaluating capital-C Classic Rock is its subject matter — it's not all Woodstock and whatever the fuck Chicago sang about. The Dark Side of the Moon struck the perfect balance between Roger Waters' burgeoning misanthropy and his bandmates' desire to make widescreen, experimental music. The lyrics are great — “Time” and “Breathe,” in particular, are some of the finest dissections ever penned on the futility of the corporate treadmill — and the music is innovative and evocative. And “Money” has a great bassline, too.
Elton John — Goodbye Yellow Brick Road
The former Reg Dwight is on record as saying he never really wrote pop songs until this album, but he made up for lost time: Goodbye Yellow Brick Road is home to “Bennie and the Jets,” “Saturday Night's Alright for Fighting,” and, yes, “Candle in the Wind,” which was a rather touching tribute to Marilyn Monroe until the Princess Diana version spoiled it for everyone. Then there's the title track, arguably Elton's single finest moment — and there's a song called “Jamaica Jerk-Off.” What more could you want?
Steely Dan — Aja
They were named after a fictional dildo in Naked Lunch, y'know. You may only know AOR staples “Do It Again” and/or “Rikki Don't Lose That Number,” but pretty much all of Steely Dan's work is worth investigating, and this 1977 highlight is as good a place to start as any.
Fleetwood Mac — Rumours
AKA that album that you keep hearing on classic-rock radio without realizing that it's perhaps the most compelling portrait of intra-band loathing ever recorded. You'd need some sort of intimidatingly complicated flow diagram to keep track of who was sleeping with who and who hated who and who was blowing drugs up whose ass, but basically, there was lots of sex, lots of drugs and lots of hatred. Astonishingly, it got worse.
Bruce Springsteen — The River
There's really no one who epitomizes dad-rock more than Broooooce. If your only experience of him is “Born in the USA” and Courtney Cox and a general perception of Jersey bro-dom, it's really worth investigating further — he's a lyricist with a sharp and compassionate eye for human frailty and defiant romance. And honestly, if “The River” doesn't make you cry just a little bit, you have no soul.
Billy Joel — The Nylon Curtain
It's never been fashionable to like Billy Joel, and I'm not going to attempt to make any justification for the likes of “We Didn't Start the Fire” or his saccharine love songs here. Having said that, there was a gritty, world-weary undertone to his work — no one who comes out of the Bronx can be entirely Disney-fied, it appears — and it was in full effect on this portrait of the Reagan era. Lead track “Allentown,” about the decline of the US steel industry, was particularly good.
John Cougar (Mellencamp) — American Fool
Mellencamp's spent most of his career fighting off the poor man's Springsteen label, which isn't entirely fair — the two definitely channel a similar American everyman vibe, but Mellencamp is a fine songwriter in his own right. Amongst other things, this album is home to “Jack & Diane,” a song whose familiarity rather overshadows what a compelling portrait of adolescence it is; “Life goes on/ Long after the thrill of living is gone” is the best lyric Bruce never wrote.
Peter Gabriel — So
The man whose departure from Genesis was indirectly responsible for Phil Collins' solo career, but don't hold it against him. This is his most successful solo album and a staple of dads' record collections everywhere, and it's definitely better than anything the gated snare homunculus ever unleashed on the world. “Sledgehammer” was the big hit, with its iconic Aardman animated video, but there's plenty more to like (especially “Red Rain,” which is still beautiful after all these years.)
Dire Straits — Making Movies
Another band that has never really been fashionable, not entirely through any fault of their own — their decidedly middle-aged sound was never going to fly considering that they released their debut album at the height of punk, and the inescapability of their Brothers in Arms-era hits pretty much left everyone never to hear them again by about 1987. In between, though, came this, which is actually a perfectly good record. I'll go to the grave defending “Tunnel of Love” and “Romeo and Juliet,” no matter how desperately daggy they are (and probably always will be).
Paul Simon — Graceland
C'mon, Vampire Weekend isn't his fault.
Frank Zappa — Have I Offended Someone?
If you have a dad who is Seriously Into Music, he might be prone to digressing at length on how Zappa's work is Nearly As Good As Jazz, dissecting metric structures and enthusing about Frank's technical wizardry on the guitar and etc. What such paeans to Zappa's greatness tend to overlook is the fact that he was also great fun. This compilation catalogs his most pleasantly offensive moments, and as such has something to offend, well, pretty much everyone. Huzzah.
Pearl Jam — Ten
It's a chastening moment when you realize that your own generation's music has become dad-rock, but it's not the likes of the Beatles and the Rolling Stones that today's kids are complaining about. No, it's hearing “Alive” for the umpteenth time. It's been fashionable to hate on Pearl Jam for about 20 years now, but their first three records are still quality. This is the one to start with.
Counting Crows — August and Everything After
No, wait, hear me out. If you can get past Adam Duritz's hair and put out of your mind the fact that this is the same band responsible for the worst cover version ever, there's a decent amount to like about Counting Crows' first album. Duritz's lyrics are melodramatic, sure, but there's also a certain realness to them that'd be lost with subsequent records — “Perfect Blue Buildings,” for instance, is a compelling portrait of depression and (possibly) addiction, while “Round Here” is the best song the band ever wrote. Go on, listen without prejudice.
Wilco — Summerteeth
As far as latter-day dad-rock goes, it'd be remiss to compile any sort of list that doesn't include Jeff Tweedy et al, because Wilco are the band that Gen X dads are gonna find themselves embracing in spite of themselves as 40 rolls around. It's happening already.
The National — High Violet
Also on the contemporary dad-rock front: given their penchant for besuited, wine-drinking, middle class melancholy, you can see why The National have spent a decade fighting the dad-rock label (happily, they've finally given up and embraced their dad-ness.) Any of their albums would fit here, but I can't go past “Bloodbuzz Ohio,” the 21st century's finest dad-rock anthem so far!
2006 Major League Baseball draft General Information Date(s) June 6–7, 2006 Location Conference call Network(s) None Overview 1502 total selections First selection Luke Hochevar
Kansas City Royals First round selections 44 2005 2007 →
The 2006 First-Year Player Draft, Major League Baseball's annual amateur draft, was held on June 6 and 7. It was conducted via conference call with representatives from each of the league's 30 teams.
First round selections [ edit ]
Supplemental first round selections [ edit ]
Compensation picks [ edit ]
Other notable players [ edit ]
NFL players drafted [ edit ]
Background [ edit ]
Pitching accounted for 18 of the 30 selections in the first round of the 2006 First-Year Player Draft, including the top choice, right-hander Luke Hochevar, who was chosen by the Kansas City Royals. The University of Tennessee product pitched for the Fort Worth Cats of the Independent League after not reaching terms with the Los Angeles Dodgers, who selected him in the sandwich round (40th overall) of the 2005 First-Year Player Draft.
Six of the first seven picks and nine of the first 12 selections were pitchers. In addition to the 18 hurlers, seven outfielders, three third basemen and two catchers made up the rest of the first round.
The first six picks were from the college ranks. University of North Carolina pitchers Andrew Miller (6th overall, Tigers) and Daniel Bard (28th, Red Sox) and University of Texas teammates Drew Stubbs (8th overall, Reds) and Kyle McCulloch (29th, White Sox) went in the first round.
Kyle Drabek, the son of longtime Major League pitcher Doug Drabek, was chosen by the Philadelphia Phillies with the 18th pick. He is currently on a minor league contract with the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Detroit's Andrew Miller became the first player from the 2006 Draft to reach the Major Leagues. He debuted in relief during a doubleheader at Yankee Stadium on August 30. He would make eight relief appearances for the Tigers during their pennant-winning season. He currently pitches in the Cleveland Indians organization and has also played for the New York Yankees, Baltimore Orioles, Florida Marlins and Boston Red Sox.
Tim Lincecum was the first 2006 draftee to be selected to an All-Star Game. Lincecum was selected in 2008, and joined shortly thereafter by Evan Longoria, who was selected via the Final Vote. Longoria was the only one to play in the game. Longoria would later be voted Rookie of the Year. Lincecum was also the first to win a Cy Young Award (2008 and 2009) in the National League. Clayton Kershaw, 7th in the draft, went on to win the 2011, 2013 and 2014[1] NL Cy Young Awards, the 2014 NL MVP Award[2] and played in the 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015 All-Star Games.
Andrew Bailey, 6th round pick by the Oakland Athletics, became the 2009 American League Rookie of the Year and participated in the 2009 All-Star Game in St. Louis and 2010 All-Star Game in Anaheim as part of the Athletics. As of 2017 he is on the Anaheim Angels. Chris Coghlan, a supplemental first round pick, was the 2009 National League Rookie of the Year as a member of the Miami Marlins. As of 2017 he is on the Toronto Blue Jays.
Ryan Kalish, an outfielder who planned to attend the University of Virginia, was picked in the 9th round by the Boston Red Sox. His salary of $600,000 had to be approved by the Commissioner's Office, as it was well over what others drafted in that round were to receive.[3] He signed with the Red Sox and made his major league debut in 2010.
Max Scherzer, 1st round pick of the Arizona Diamondbacks and later traded to the Detroit Tigers, won the 2013 Cy Young Award. He is now with the Washington Nationals, with whom he won the Cy Young in 2016.
Photo: FOX
Bob's Burgers, which will begin its sixth season this September, has an impressive pedigree when it comes to guest voices. Aziz Ansari, as resident geek Darryl, busting out a rendition of Hall & Oates's “Maneater.” The stylistic juxtaposition of Kevin Kline and Zach Galifianakis as the brothers Fischoeder. Bill Hader as vaguely reformed felon Mickey and also as the crotchety Bob Belcher Sr. It's an all-star roster of comic talent — and as show creator Loren Bouchard revealed Friday afternoon during the Bob's Burgers panel at San Diego Comic-Con, some incredible names will be added to the list this fall.
“Henry Winkler, Steve Buscemi,” he said. “We'll have Key and Peele together — we've had them separately. Thomas Lennon and Ben Garant will be on it, and Paul Rudd. You'll see Tina ride a horse for the first time, and you'll meet an important part of her inner life, her horse Jericho, voiced by Paul.”
When asked about the likelihood of Germaine Clement — who himself recently voiced a horse in DirecTV commercials — joining former Flight of the Conchords cast mates Kristen Schaal and Eugene Mirman on Bob's, Bouchard responded optimistically. “He's definitely a possibility,” he said. “Germaine actually sang ‘Electric Love' at Bob's Live event. He's got a strong smile and great falsetto.”
While it's unclear how the former helps with voice acting, the world can never get enough animated falsetto.
I've recently been listening to the podcast, Very Bad Wizards. In their first two episodes, the co-hosts, David Pizarro and Tamler Sommers, discuss free will and moral responsibility.
Despite holding determinism true and libertarian free will as false, the hosts maintains that individuals should still be held morally responsible for their acts. In later episodes, Sam Harris takes on this apparent contradiction.
This podcast with Harris becomes even more bewildering as Pizarro and Sommers both agree that certain natural occurrences which modify one's behavior, such as a brain tumor, would absolve individuals of responsibility, whereas other natural occurrences, such as the alignment of cosmic radiation would not. They ultimately defend this inconsistency by resorting to their intuitions, arguing that they simply feel that certain people should be blamed and held responsible.
I had an urge to yell at my phone, as I generally agreed with both of them, and was pretty confident they too generally agreed. And yet they couldn't seem to find solid footing to reach this agreement.
As I hope to argue, the problem with this debate, and one's like it, are that there are two different types of responsibility. Unfortunately, language is imperfect and ideas are often conflated when two similar constructs are used interchangeably.
The first type of responsibility is what might be defined as ‘libertarian responsibility.' Simply stated, this is the type of responsibility that would come from libertarian free will. In a deterministic world without libertarian free will, libertarian responsibility is impossible. The person who punches you, should not be held ‘libertarian responsible' regardless of why, as there was no opportunity to do otherwise. Libertarian responsibility follows logically from the basic premises that all matter obeys laws of cause an effect (and/or randomness) and that behavior is the function of matter (e.g. the brain and body). It would seem that Harris, Pizarro, and Sommers all would agree that individuals shouldn't be held responsible in this sense.
The second type of responsibility is what might be defined as ‘emotional responsibility.' Simply stated, this is the intuitive feeling that one feels when someone is culpable for an act and subsequently one feels that they deserve to be punished (or rewarded).'Emotional responsibility' is felt and ascribed regardless of whether you believe there is no libertarian free will.
The feeling that someone is ‘responsible' corresponds with the perception of whether the act was intentional / it represented a dispositional element of one's character. This view coincides with ideas of virtue ethics, which emphasizes one's character over specific acts.
For example, the person who gets shoved or trips and unintentionally hits your drink out of your hand, is not held to be as ‘responsible' as the person who purposefully knocks a drink out of your hand. Particularly in that second example, if the drink caused a stain on the shirt that needed to be dry-cleaned, the blame and responsibility ought to fall on that person. Even if you acknowledge that this person had no ultimate, libertarian free will in the action, the person was still (emotionally) ‘responsible' for it. In other words, one could acknowledge that it was the near infinite series of causes and effects since the dawn of the Universe that ultimately led to the knocking of the drink out of one's hand, but one can't ask the Universe to pay for the dry-cleaning.
To provide another example. Despite being a determinist and holding libertarian free will to be false, I still often regret my decisions and dwell on counterfactuals. If I logically conclude that I could have only acted in one way then there's no reason to regret anything; and yet I do. I'm human and I'm going to emotionally and intuitively react to things; the 'emotional responsibility' argument acknowledges this fact.
As a final example, consider being hit by an apple – either by a tree or by a person.
In the tree example, you were hit by an apple, by a near infinite series of causes and effects that eventually led you standing under the tree at the exact moment the apple fell.
In the person throwing example, you were hit by an apple, also by a near infinite series of causes and effects that eventually led you to be standing near a person, at the exact moment he threw an apple at you.
In both cases, the tree and the person are ‘responsible' in the same deterministic manner. Neither have free will in that sense. But, nonetheless, you are going to hold the person 'emotionally responsible' in a different manner than you would the tree. Similarly, if being hit by the apple resulted in an injury, one would feel justified, and ought to feel justified, in seeking some level of reparations or justice from the person; whereas one would not feel justified in seeking reparations from the tree, or even the owner of the tree.
Lastly, the argument doesn't necessarily require a consequentialist, utilitarian argument, although one does exist. As I noted briefly above, and will discuss briefly below, intentional actions are a reliable indicator of personality and future actions. ‘Punishment', through any means, may serve as a deterrence, a protection of future acts, and ideally, rehabilitation. From a consequentialist viewpoint, holding people ‘emotionally responsible' helps to promote greater societal well-being by deterring negative actions, protecting society from harmful people, and/or attempting to rehabilitate them to become better people. If Harris had an assistant and then learned that the assistant was stealing from him, he would have to acknowledge that the assistant wasn't (libertarian) responsible for his actions and yet he would hold the assistant (emotionally) responsible and fire him. One cannnot adequately navigate through life without hold people responsible for their actions.
Ultimately, Emotional responsibility rests on intuitions and emotions in the same way that other emotions do. For example, if you find out that your partner cheated on you, you will feel jealousy, anger, perhaps sadness. As in the regret example, you might hold determinism to be true and realise that there was no other action that your partner could have taken. And yet, this will not prevent you from feeling jealousy or anger – and similarly will not prevent you from holding your partner and perhaps their ‘lover' as morally responsible.
With this distinction of two forms of responsibility being made, it is now possible to reconcile the initial views. Harris was concerned with libertarian responsibility, logically positing that it's just “Tumors all the way down.” On the other hand, Sommers and Pizarro were primarily concerned with ‘emotional responsibility' and thus examples in which brain tumors or curable diseases that caused malevolent behavior were argued to result in less responsibility compared to situations in which brain tumors or curable diseases were not a cause.
——–
This above example provides a window into this disconnect. Harris jumped ‘all the way down' in a single leap from the tumor 'cause' to the cosmic rays 'cause', and subsequently overshot Sommers' emotional intuitions. Instead, if Harris had slowly moved through these intuitions, unpacking weaker and weaker causes (e.g. tumor vs. side-effect of a pharmaceutical, vs. learning that your wife was cheating on you vs. lack of sleep, etc.), they may have been able to get to the heart of the disagreement.
As noted, the difference between the two types of responsibility is that 'emotional responsibility' is important insofar as actions predicts a person's character; and character matters because it predicts future behavior. We hold people differently responsible between the tumor and cosmic ray example because we intuitively (and arguably rightly) feel that the two causes differ in how much they can affect a person's character. If a cosmic ray is what made the difference between a particular malevolent act or not, then one is just another cosmic ray away from another harmful act. It is generally accurate to presume that this person is dispositionally quite malevolent. However, notice how the intuition changes, if the cosmic ray was responsible for causing a tumor that eventually leads to the personality change.
And this is where relying on intuition becomes a problem. Intuitions are moderated by a number of facts, norms, etc. A person who both feels that homosexuality is wrong and that it is a ‘choice' will also likely feel that the person is responsible for their actions or even their thoughts, and subsequently deserve punishment. This intuition has changed for many individuals, but the question remains: How are we to know which intuitions of responsibility should be held and which intuitions will eventually be dismissed?
Lastly, It is not only moral responsibility that needs to be considered. It should be noted that most examples/thought experiments tend to focus on harmful scenarios where intuitions are both highly primed and generally tend to be consistent among people. But yet, all actions run into the problem of two types of responsibility – good and bad.
Consider how we treat a doctor, professor, or athlete compared to a janitor, taxi-driver or fast-food worker. Anyone who holds determinism to be true must accept that the only reason that these people are the way they are are due to a long chain of causes and effects. Even if we allow for some form of libertarian free will, we all know that a person born into a stable, high income household will have many more opportunities than someone born into a chaotic, impoverished one; and this doesn't even begin to consider genetic differences. Anyone in a ‘good place in their life' is simply the recipient of a ‘good' set of causes and effects.
And yet in the same way, we hold people responsible for their lot in life. Who should get the promotion, the person who did a good job or the person who did a bad job? Who should get accepted into the University, the person with the high grades or the low grades? Just as in the moral responsibility examples – two things can be true at the same time. We can acknowledge that doing a good/bad job, getting good/bad grades, doing something moral/immoral etc. is simply the result of a long chain of causes and effects (libertarian responsibility, or specifically the lack thereof), while at the same time hold people responsible and reward/punish them for their actions (emotional responsibility). If Harris had two employees, one of which needed to be let go – he would undoubtedly keep the one that worked considerably harder and better than the other, despite acknowledging that they were not ultimately responsible for the differences in their ability and effort.
The importance of acknowledging these two differences has important consequentalist repercussions. For example, there's a strong belief that individuals should be able to ‘pull themselves up by their bootstraps' and yet we know that systemic forces make this particularly difficult. Changing the belief that an individual and their subsequent actions are simply the product of their experiences and their genetics should motivate us to improve the system to one in which all individuals can flourish. But reward and punishment are important experiences that are vital for learning and modifying behavior and so holding people responsible is important; We just have to know exactly what is meant by responsibility.
Advertisements
Someone should have burri-told him not to drink and drive.
Daniel Hernandez, 36, was charged with a DUI after law enforcement in Deltona, Fla. say they found him passed out at the wheel in front of a traffic light, a half-eaten Taco Bell burrito in hand, according to the Daytona Beach News-Journal.
The witness who first spotted Hernandez called deputies at around 12:30 a.m. Monday after claiming to see a zonked Hernandez sit through several light changes without moving his vehicle, the Orlando Sentinel reported.
Deputies and paramedics beat on the doors and windows for around 10 minutes, unsuccessfully trying to wake Hernandez, before breaking the window to get to him. Hernandez allegedly also snoozed through the window-breaking, but after deputies did wake him up, he agreed to two breath tests. His blood alcohol content was measured at 0.173, then 0.177, both more than twice the legal limit of 0.08.
Today's post is a Trifecta of Doom.
I. Marriage continues its steep decline.
Today's Economix blog at the New York Times covers the latest study on marriage from the Pew Research center in Older to Wed, If They Marry at All. Using the 2010 census, researchers found that the average age at marriage has risen again, to 26.5 years for women and 28.7 years for men. This is not unique to the U.S. In the last thirty years, the average female age at first marriage has increased in 75 of 77 countries that were studied.
The number of marriages is also down significantly, down 10% in the last two years:
It's not just a matter of delay either. Check this out:
Some have claimed the economy is the culprit but Wharton economist Justin Wolfers had this to say in 2010:
You've probably heard the latest marriage narrative: With the recession upon us, young lovers can't afford to marry. As appealing as this story is, it has one problem: It's not true. In fact, the marriage rate appears amazingly insensitive to the business cycle. There is a rise in cohabitation that could well be related to the Great Recession, because couples are trying to save money by living together. Many of them eventually will marry.
The biggest drop has been in the 18-24 age group, and that's not necessarily a bad thing. The mid-20s is the sweet spot for the lowest odds of divorce, according to some researchers.
Late professor Norval Glenn of UT Austin, in his published study drawing from five different American data sets,
explained:
The greatest…likelihood of being in an intact marriage of the highest quality is among those who married at age 22-25. The findings of this study do indicate that for most persons, little or nothing in the way of marital success is likely to be gained by deliberately delaying marriage beyond the midtwenties.
Paul Amato of Penn State explains further:
Once people enter their early to mid-twenties, the risk of divorce is reduced. Indeed, people who postpone marriage until their thirties face a dwindling supply of potential partners – a situation that may increase the likelihood of forming unions with partners who are not good marriage material. In other words, marrying “too late” may increase the risk of having a troubled relationship.
W. Bradford Wilcox at UVA agrees:
Couples who marry in their mid-twenties tend to do best, when you combine a consideration of quality and stability.
II. The college sex ratio predicts a dramatic erosion in marriage rates over the next generation among the educated.
At first glance, the news is less alarming for the college educated, if not for society as a whole. The share of college educated individuals currently married is 64%, down 16% from 1960. In contrast, only 47% of those with a high school education are currently married, down 35% since 1960. Marriage has been a more stable institution among the college educated population.
That cannot last. The current sex ratio nationwide in American colleges and universities is 57% female, 43% male, and the gap is widening. This means that among today's college graduates, 25% of women will not marry college educated men. Let me say that again.
Among today's college graduates, 25% of women will not marry college educated men.
That estimate is actually rosy because it assumes that men will want to marry in equal numbers to women. The data was not analyzed by sex, but in an era of misandrist family law that's a dubious claim.
Of course, women may choose to marry men with less education than themselves, but this seems unlikely to happen in large numbers for several reasons:
Women generally prefer men with equal or higher status.
Men generally prefer women with equal or lower status.
Society is stratified by socioeconomic status.
III. Tick Tock Biological Clock
Despite progressive sex ed curricula in most areas of the country, adult women today are seriously misinformed about the state of their ovaries.
During a recent story that aired on NPR one infertile woman in her early 40s couldn't understand it. She insisted that she works out regularly, does yoga, even has a personal trainer. She eats well and is healthy. She never knew that her ovaries were becoming less productive in spite of those measures.
A recent survey found that women dramatically underestimate how much fertility declines with age. They estimated that a 30 year-old had an 80% chance of getting pregnant in one try. The real likelihood is 30%. They also thought a 40 year-old woman would have a 40% success rate, while those odds are less than 10%.
Women are surprised to learn this information and they're angry about it. One woman had this to say about her 10 year struggle to conceive:
I just feel like it's something else that they lump onto women that we have no control over. You tell us, “Oh, your fertile years rapidly decline in your mid-20s.” Well, if I'm not dating anyone, and I want to have a family, what is that information going to do for me?
Barbara Collura heads the National Infertility Association. She says the first thing women say is “Why didn't anybody tell me this?”
Let's be honest, women don't want to hear that they can't have it all. We can have a great job, we can have a master's degree, we don't need to worry about child-bearing because that's something that will come. And when it doesn't happen, women are really angry.
So why aren't women getting the message? How can women with master's degrees have such a poor understanding of their own bodies? Three guesses, the first two don't count.
“A decade ago, a campaign by the American Society for Reproductive Medicine sparked a vicious backlash. Ads on public buses in several big cities featured a baby bottle shaped like an hourglass, to warn women their time was running out. But women's rights groups called it a scare tactic that left women feeling pressured and guilty.”
So now they're feeling barren and depressed instead.
The prognosis for marriage is grim. We need to take our heads out of the sand and speak the truth about this issue. It's too late for the generation of women in their 30s and 40s today. Those of you in your 20s can have marriage and a family if you want it, but you can't have it all. My generation of feminists lied to you about that.
You have some tough choices to make. What's more important, career or family? When you think about graduate school, are you considering the full range of costs and benefits, including potentially delaying marriage into your 30s? Are you open to meeting your life partner in your early 20s, and filtering out men you know aren't husband material?
There are no easy answers. The climate for marriage is hostile. If you know you want to marry and have a family, you must plan for it. Husbands and babies don't fall from trees.
Esurance has retired Erin , the pink-haired secret agent, from its commercials and in doing so may end a meme that was getting out of hand: Fan art depicting the character in adult-oriented situations that no insurance company would endorse.
The move says something interesting about an idea that's become trendy in advertising recently: That companies should "let go" of their brands and allow consumers to "own" them instead.
Well, many consumers decided they wanted a piece of the Erin brand, and the results had nothing to do with cut-rate third party, fire and theft policies. If you do a Google search for "Erin Esurance" you'll see that it prominently returns X-rated pictures of the star that "fans" have created, some with a remarkable degree of verisimilitude to the real thing. (The pics published here are among the cleaner ones; turn off Google's "Safesearch" mode under settings to get the full Monty.) The results for an image search are even worse: Esurance's Erin barely exists, her search results were killed off by her unapproved evil twins.
With inappropriate, unsanctioned images dominating their online results, it's not surprising that Esurance wants Erin gone.
Erin ran in dozens of Esurance commercials, selling auto coverage as she lept from scene to scene in a body-hugging catsuit. Esurance appeared to indulge the fantasies of Erin fans on one commercial that featured her taking a shower for no reason at all. That video is no longer available, unsurprisingly, but you can see a large collection of Erin's old stuff on the company's media web site.
I wrongly predicted that Erin would be re-upped by the company's new ad agency, Duncan/Channon, because the shop was under orders to keep Erin. I was half right -- the new ads do show her posters in the background scenery.
In the meantime, Erin lives a dark, seedy alernative life on fan art sites. This site has an elaborate biography of Erin before she became famous. Naturally, she posed for some (probably not safe for work) cheesecake photos to pay her way through college. Even less safe for the workplace are the sites in which Erin is imagined as a Vegas stripper and a bikini model. And there's a strikingly developed strain of lesbian bondage artwork, of which this one (right) is fairly tame.
Given that it's easier for consumers to create a new image of Erin than it is for the company to send cease-and-desist letters to have them taken down, you can see why Erin got the ax. Letting consumers own the brand was worse than remaking the brand from scratch.
Related:
CALGARY — In a sport timed to a thousandth of a second, finishing fourth can really sting.
Data analysts are working behind the scenes for Canada's lugers to shave what is less than the blink of an eye off their times not only at the World Cup in Calgary on Friday and Saturday, but in February's Winter Olympics.
"When we're looking at a start which is a four-to-five second portion of our luge run and we're looking for hundredths or even thousands of a second within that start, we've relied on a lot of analytics," three-time Olympian Sam Edney said Wednesday.
Canada has never won an Olympic medal in luge and came agonizingly close in 2014 with a trio of fourth-place finishes in Sochi, Russia.
Since then, the country's high-performance sport community has tapped into what industry has been doing a lot longer — crunching big blocks of numeric data to build projection models and predict outcomes — for both winter and summer sport.
Edney and Canadian teammate Kim McRae admit their eyes would glaze over if all the statistics from their sport were put in front of them.
"I don't actually see the data. I get little snippets of it," McRae said.
The analysts give information to high-performance director Walter Corey, who translates it into luge language for coach Wolfgang Staudinger and the Canadian team.
A practical application of the information showed Edney was pulling harder on the start handles with his right hand than his left, which meant his sled came off the start line crooked.
"We've been able to minimize that now and bring it to a point where it is an even pull coming out of the start," he explained.
The Canadian team will have home track advantage in the World Cup, not just in familiarity but in analytics as well.
Data analysts have a huge sample size from the Calgary track to work with as they have timed runs dating back to 2001.
"We have quite an extensive data base where we can filter out all of Kim's races on the Calgary track in major competitions over however long she's been competing for," data analyst Scott Hunt said.
"We can see the trend in her start times, split times, finish times. We also have targets based on podium level finishes on this track in the past 16 years."
Predicting what it will take to win a luge medal at the Olympic Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea, is trickier because the track there is so new.
"We have a limited amount of data because the track just got built," Hunt explained. "It's also very dependent on weather conditions.
"If weather conditions are similar to what they were in the World Cup last year in Pyeongchang then we can make reasonable predictions."
But data trends can prompt athletes make changes in their fitness and driving to help them slide faster regardless of the track.
"It's definitely helping us to make sure we have the conditions in place for our athletes, the type of fitness level we want to see from them, the type of performance we want to see from a start perspective," Corey explained.
"That type of stuff is really dialled in for Pyeongchang already from analytics."
Analytics exploded in sport after the 2003 release of Michael Lewis's book "Moneyball", which chronicled the Oakland Athletics strategy of using historical statistics to drive decision-making.
Prior to the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio, the Canadian Olympic team's sponsorship agreement with Canadian Tire gave athletes access to brains that predict consumer behaviour for the company's financial services arm.
That group concentrated on the sports of swimming, rowing, cycling and track and field in projecting the times it would take to stand on the podium in Rio. They went 8-for-12 in their medal predictions.
The Canadian Olympic Committee announced earlier this year a sponsorship deal with SAS, an analytics software company whose clients include professional basketball and soccer teams, banks, hotels, universities and casinos.
"If Team Canada is not doing it, you're going to be left behind because other countries are certainly going down that road," SAS technical consultant manager Karl Quon said.
"Why wouldn't you want to take advantage of another weapon at your disposal to make our athletes successful, to win more medals?"
Donna Spencer, The Canadian Press
The hashtag was offensive enough. #TolakLGBT has been trending in Indonesia in recent weeks, and in Bahasa Indonesia, “tolak” means reject. Then this week Muslim activists held a rally against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights with the message: “LGBT is a disease, not a human right”.
“We reject the LGBT because they asked for equality and legality from the government and it's getting more and more disarming,” Muhammad Fuad, the leader of the Islamic People Forum (FUI) said. “If legalised, this disease will be more contagious and harmful to our children. Why would they even ask for legality?”
On Tuesday police had shut down a rally held by the Yogyakarta-based Solidaritas Perjuangan Demokrasi (SPD, which translates to Solidarity to Fight for Democracy) in support of equal rights for Indonesia's LGBT communities at one of the city's most treasured monuments, Tugu Yogyakarta. But it wasn't their campaign that filled the dead air in our news cycle that evening, it was the physical confrontation they got into with the local police who were trying to prevent a larger clash with FUI.
This is just one of many anti-LGBT moments that have happened in Indonesia in the past month. But it all started with just one incendiary statement.
Transgenderism is a mental disorder, says Indonesian psychiatric body Read more
Last month Indonesia's technology, research and higher education minister Muhammad Nasir said: “LGBT groups [in Indonesian universities] cannot be allowed to grow or be given any space for all of their activities. Especially because of the fact that LGBT communities enter universities by way of resource and research centres.”
Citing “morals” and “values” that Indonesian campuses should uphold, Nasir was responding to a debacle in which the University of Indonesia disassociated its name from a support group dedicated to sexual studies and peer counselling for students struggling with sexual problems, the Support Group and Resource Center on Sexual Studies Universitas Indonesia (SGRC).
Crack open SGRC's ask.fm account to see how much danger they pose to the country's sacred morality. Questions, usually asked anonymously, range from how to get out of an abusive relationship to where to get condoms. In Indonesia, morality comes at the expense of thorough sexual enlightenment among our teenagers. It is a country, after all, that just made the social media app Line pull all LGBT-related stickers from its stores.
Nasir's statement highlights how little acceptance there is for visibility of Indonesia's LGBT communities. On the other hand, after the media onslaught, the whole fight looks pretty benign: the LGBT community has been accused of parroting the “gay” values of the west.
In the aftermath, however, one member of SGRC was sent away from home and another received threats on her personal ask.fm account, one of which was a petition that all members be expelled from the university. Worried parents of one member would not allow their child in their house; they started getting questions and they were ashamed.
As a country bound by culture and religion, Indonesia's paranoia over LGBT issues remains important. Discussions about the matter come and go. There was the time when a local celebrity named Sherina tweeted her support for the US Supreme Court ruling that allowed gay people to be legally married in all 50 states. The grievances that followed on her Twitter feed were astounding at best. Many responded with Koran passages – predominantly, the story of Lot – to condemn her. Others plainly called her an idiot and a traitor.
And the current storm in response to Nasir has produced the following responses: the Indonesian Psychiatrists Association has labelled LGBT as a mental disorder; our defence minister, Ryamizard Ryacudu, said that the movement was a proxy “war”; the Indonesian Broadcasting Commission has issued seven warnings against men who promote effeminate behaviour on TV. I can go all day with this – the overwhelming sense is that LGBT people can be guided back to “normalcy”.
These anti-LGBT talking points for religious leaders or government officials look like garden variety conservative cheap shots. Listen to the ways they make their point: they quote scriptures from the Koran/Bible, threaten an increase in Aids, talk of the danger of a dwindling population, and say an affinity to Western products is the main propaganda tool that might trick kids into effeminacy.
Ever since the conversation festered into sheer ridiculousness, numerous ministers in Indonesia have weighed in on the subject. By pointing out that kids are among the most threatened by the “LGBT influence,” the women's empowerment and child protection minister Yohana Yembise strongly condemns “the promotion of deviant lifestyle”. Many other ministers chose to remain less hostile, but are offensive all the same. Lukman Hakim, our religion minister, said that LGBT people should be “guided, rather than ostracised.”
Censorship is the other key form of silencing. Ranging from a closure of a YouTube channel aimed to facilitate conversations among LGBT communities, to abrupt cancellations of LGBT-related discussions in Indonesian campuses. Censorship is a double-edged sword that serves to remind us that whatever's being silenced was once spoken; even if it's dark outside, the lights flicker.
Is it getting better out there? Consider the statistics: according to a report by a local NGO called Arus Pelangi (Indonesian for Rainbow Currents), over 89.3% of LGBT people have been victims of “psychological, physical, sexual, economic and cultural abuse.” Three years ago, the report by the Pew Research Center showed that over 93% of Indonesians are of the opinion that homosexuality should be rejected.
That said, talking about these issues openly is at least progress. “It is indeed a sign of increasing visibility. At least people are now openly talking about it, however derisive their opinions might be. But at the same time, the fight has a long way to go,” said Luna Siagian, one member of SGRC who received threats on her ask.fm account..
Indonesia bans gay emoji and stickers from messaging apps Read more
After a petition circulated online demanding that Nasir retract his words, legal organisations including the Jakarta Legal Aid Institute (LBH Jakarta) and the Indonesian Legal Aid Foundation (YLBHI) signed a statement in support of LGBT rights in Indonesia. Several other organisations – including Salam UI, University of Indonesia's Muslim community – gamely voiced their support to the study group.
After seeing how personal the ordeal had become for someone like Luna Sianian (someone went as far as to appeal for her expulsion from the University), I asked her if she is scared: “I am not. I really, really am not. I am well aware of my rights as a student in my campus. I am aware of the fact that [University of Indonesia] has a specific clause that prevents me from being discriminated by my sexual orientation,” she said.
Focusing on how unbecoming the fight has been distracts us from one important point: that it exists. That groups like SGRC exist. That websites such as melela.org, which hosts confessions about people who have come out, or magdalene.co, which specialises in sexual issues and LGBT advocacy, are still running. That there was a petition for Nasir to retract his words. That there are things being censored. That I got to write all of this aided by the support from a lot of people who have spoken out against the censure. That people like Luna are not scared.
I can't really say for sure whether public acceptance of the LGBT community will ever be widely adopted, but it is nonetheless a noble pursuit. But will we get there eventually? In Luna's words, “In our society, seeking for public acceptance, especially for the LGBT community is indeed such a foreign concept. But one lives to hope, after all.”
A new MagicBand featuring Moana, which I posted about nearly a month ago, is finally available for sale starting tomorrow, November 23rd, 2016 in Walt Disney World (and on most likely on the Shop Disney Parks mobile app as well). The band is Limited Edition 2400, comes in a special box, and most likely makes special effects at some park entry touch points. Once I get a video of the effects, I will post them on the website. This is possibility the final original MagicBand style to be released (although it's possible there could be a handful of others) before MagicBand 2 is widely available. The cost for this band is $32.99 and the SKU / barcode is 400000721330.
Steve Miller of the Disney Parks Blog tells us where we can find this new band tomorrow:
1 After inking Steph Curry long-term and bringing back free agents Kevin Durant and Andre Igoudala, the defending champions figure to be even more potent entering next season thanks to the additional signings of free agent Nick Young, a sneaky-good fit in the Bay Area, and the defensive prowess of rookie Jordan Bell.
2016–17 record: 67-15 1
2 It remains to be seen how, exactly, the Chris Paul-James Harden backcourt will coexist, but here's betting the Rockets figure it out. Throw in a potential Carmelo Anthony trade, free agent signing P.J. Tucker, and the progression of young players like Clint Capela and Troy Williams, and Houston will be a handful for the rest of the league.
2016–17 record: 55-27 3
3 The Celtics landed an all-star in free agency in Gordon Hayward, and drafted a promising go-to-type scorer in Jayson Tatum. Throw in the development of sophomore Jaylen Brown and the steady play of Al Horford, Isaiah Thomas, Jae Crowder & Co., and Boston could be eyeing a repeat as the East's number one seed.
2016–17 record: 53-29 6
4 A surprising and effective off-season saw the Thunder add Paul George, now the best second-banana in the league who's not playing for the Warriors, while not losing significant talent. Expect a strong season from projected starter Patrick Patterson, too.
2016–17 record: 47-35 11
5 The Spurs didn't have a great off-season, losing key role players Jonathan Simmons and Dewayne Dedmon and signing Rudy Gay, who is working his way back from a torn achilles. But with one of the five best players on the planet in Kawhi Leonard, the Spurs won't exactly be slouches.
2016–17 record: 61-21 2
6 When Kyrie Irving is dealt, the Cavs will almost surely take a small step backward— there's practically no precedent for trading a disgruntled superstar and getting similar talent/value back. But with LeBron James on the roster, and a decent supporting cast, Cleveland is still the team to beat in the East.
2016–17 record: 51-29 4
7 The Raptors position here has as much to do with the chaos around them in the East as it does what Toronto did this off-season. By bringing back Kyle Lowry and Serge Ibaka to star alongside DeMar DeRozan, the Raps are ensuring they will be good enough to be in the hunt for a top-3 spot in the conference. How young players like Norm Powell, Jakob Poeltl, Pascal Siakam, Delon Wright, OG Anunoby and, yes, Bruno Caboclo perform will determine how much higher their ceiling can be.
2016–17 record: 51-31 5
8 New logos. New star. Same expectations for a team clearly on the rise. Jimmy Butler, Andrew Wiggins, and Karl-Anthony Towns are as good a foundation as you'll find.
2016–17 record: 31-51 23
9 The Wizards didn't add a significant player, and lost trade deadline acquisition Bojan Bogdanovic to free agency. But the strength of their all-NBA calibre backcourt will keep Washington firmly in the playoff picture.
2016–17 record: 49-33 9
10 The addition of Paul Millsap to the Nuggets already-impressive young core make Denver one of the more interesting teams in the West. Millsap is good enough to help secure a post-season birth for the Nuggets who are also expecting big things from centre Nikola Jokic following his breakout 2016-17 season.
2016–17 record: 40-42 18
11 The Clippers lost their best player when they traded away Chris Paul, but they recouped enough talent (Blake Griffin, Patrick Beverley, Danilo Gallinari, Lou Williams, Milos Teodosic) to remain in the playoff hunt— even if an organic rebuild may have been their best course of action.
2016–17 record: 51-31 7
12 A strong off-season saw Miami re-sign key breakout contributors James Johnson and new Heat hero Dion Waiters, while also bringing in free agent Kelly Olynyk fresh off an eye-opening post-season. Throw in the return of Justise Winslow from injury and this team is poised to make some noise.
2016–17 record: 41-41 17
13 Milwaukee drafted well (lengthy forward D.J. Wilson and disruptive guard Sindarious Thornwell) and are banking on growth from Giannis Antetokounmpo, Rookie of the Year Malcom Brogdon, Thon Maker, and a healthy Jabari Parker to help them take a step forward.
2016–17 record: 42-40 10
14 A full training camp with Anthony Davis and DeMarcus Cousins will help the Pelicans maximize the best frontcourt in basketball.
2016–17 record: 34-48 20
15 The loss of Hayward stings, but a wildly impressive summer showing from rookie Donovan Mitchell, trading for Ricky Rubio, and another step forward from new franchise centrepiece Rudy Gobert make Utah one of the more interesting— and unpredictable— clubs heading into next season.
2016–17 record: 51-31 8
16 Rookie Caleb Swanigan could surprise next season, otherwise it's same old for a Trailblazers team that will be relying heavily on it's a high-scoring backcourt of Damian Lillard and C.J. McCollum.
2016–17 record: 41-41 14
17 Despite trade rumours surrounding Marc Gasol, the Grizzlies mostly stood pat this summer, and will be in tough fighting for a playoff spot as a result.
2016–17 record: 43-39 13
18 Hard to know what to make of the Dwight Howard acquisition, but he along with rookie Malik Monk should help make the Hornets more relevant than they've been in a while. A borderline playoff team.
2016–17 record: 36-46 19
19 The Kings had a surprisingly effective off-season, drafting stud point guard D'Aaron Fox and signing free-agents George Hill, Zach Randolph, and Vince Carter to help mentor their young core featuring Buddy Hield and Willie Cauley-Stein. Playoffs? Maybe not yet. But it's in the near future.
2016–17 record: 32-50 25
20 Acquiring Avery Bradley was a nice coup for Detroit, but the rest of the roster still leaves plenty to be desired for a club in desperate need of a clear identity.
2016–17 record: 37-45 21
21 How far along is the process, and has the 76ers rebuilding accelerated enough for Philly to be a playoff team?
2016–17 record: 28-54 27
22 No, the Lakers will not be a playoff team next season. Yes, Lonzo Ball will absolutely live up to the hype, make his teammates better, and his team a must-watch.
2016–17 record: 26-56 26
23 The Hawks are facing a long, slow rebuild after losing Paul Millsap and Tim Hardaway Jr. in free agency. At least rookie John Collins looks like a steal at number 19 in the draft.
2016–17 record: 43-39 12
24 After a terrible return for Paul George (Victor Oladipo and Domantas Sabonis), the Pacers are in for a long, tough season as their rebuild begins around centre Myles Turner.
2016–17 record: 42-40 15
25 Rookie point guard Dennis Smith Jr. will be a ton of fun to watch, even if his team won't win many games during a season that could go down as the Dirk Nowitzki farewell tour.
2016–17 record: 33-49 22
26 The Carmelo Anthony drama looms over a franchise ready to hand the reigns to it's young core of Kristaps Porzingis, Willy Hernangomez, rookie Frank Ntikilina, and pricey free agent signing Tim Hardaway Jr.
2016–17 record: 31-51 24
27 The Bulls are essentially throwing in the towel on this coming season after trading Jimmy Butler to Minnesota for Zach LaVine, Kris Dunn, and the rights to rookie Lauri Markkanen.
2016–17 record: 41-41 16
28 Currently the favourites to land Kyrie Irving, doing so will change their spot in these rankings. But for now the Suns remain an incredibly raw group of promising young talent years away from realizing their potential.
2016–17 record: 24-58 28
29 The D'Angelo Russell trade earlier this summer brought in a promising potential young star to a team in desperate need of exciting, marketable players on its roster. Russell won't help the Nets win this season, but at least you can start to see a foundation for the future developing in Brooklyn.
2016–17 record: 20-62 30
Somehow, Thanksgiving always manages to fall on a Thursday. Christmas always lands on December 25. And since 2008, vinyl enthusiasts have been celebrating Record Store Day on the third Saturday in April. But it's still a relief to see this year's date officially marked on a calendar: Record Store Day 2014 is Saturday, April 19, event organizers have announced.
The seventh annual celebration of indie record store culture promises another panoply of exclusive releases as well as in-store performances at participating shops worldwide. This past November, Record Store Day's latest Back to Black Friday event saw stores book an average 30 percent sales increase, according to the announcement. By the same measure, Record Store Day 2013 was the biggest yet.
More details about the 2014 edition are still to come, but last year's event helped push U.S. vinyl sales to six million in 2013, up from 4.6 million a year earlier. According to Nielsen SoundScan, vinyl now makes up 2% of album sales nationwide.
It's not a time for irrational exuberance, though. Reissue label Numero Group warned in a Wire essay last summer that the trend toward “manufactured rarities” puts vinyl at risk of paralleling the rise (and crash) of so-called premium baseball cards. An Austin Chronicle cover story this month also spotlights the climbing price of vinyl editions. And there's the ever-present matter of eBay-flipping, among other fan and retailer complaints.
But if Record Store Day's mission is to bring more casual shoppers into independent record stores, it has clearly succeeded: The numbers don't lie. And you know where you'll find your friendly neighborhood SPIN contributor on the day before Easter, which — hey — falls on a Sunday again this year.
The Green Bay Packers' biggest fears Monday night were confirmed. Starting right tackle Bryan Bulaga suffered a torn ACL in his right knee, NFL Network's Tom Pelissero reported Tuesday, per a source informed of the injury. The team later confirmed the season-ending injury.
Bulaga was carted off the field in the fourth quarter of Monday's loss to the Detroit Lions. The Week 9 tilt marked only the second time all season Green Bay had all five of its projected starters on the offensive line in the lineup together.
Bulaga, who missed three games earlier this season with an ankle injury, was sidelined for the entire 2013 season after tearing the ACL in his left knee.
Bulaga's season-ending injury is the latest blow to a Packers offense that might be without quarterback Aaron Rodgers for the remainder of the season. Coach Mike McCarthy told reporters on Tuesday that safety Morgan Burnett (groin) will not be available this week in Chicago.
Green Bay is 4-4, with three consecutive losses.
Here are other injuries we're tracking Tuesday:
1. Houston Texans quarterback Deshaun Watson will have surgery to repair his ACL on Wednesday, NFL Network's Mike Garafolo reports. The surgery wil be performed by Texans team doctor Walt Lowe.
2. Minnesota Vikings quarterback Sam Bradford plans to again visit Dr. James Andrews on Tuesday as he seeks answers on his injured knee, Pelissero reports.
Knee scope has always been last resort for Bradford, who had Regenokine treatments a few weeks ago. Trying everything to get back on field. â Tom Pelissero (@TomPelissero) November 7, 2017
As @RapSheet said yesterday, Case Keenum is likely starter this week. Bridgewater has had backup reps in 6 practices. No rush. They're 6-2. â Tom Pelissero (@TomPelissero) November 7, 2017
3. New England Patriots linebacker Shea McClellin isn't expected to return off injured reserve soon, Garafolo reports according to a source informed of the situation. McClellin, who was placed on the list with an undisclosed injury, was eligible to return this week. He practiced recently with the team but wasn't spotted during the team's practice Tuesday.
Free agent defensive end Ricky Jean Francois, who was released last week by the Green Bay Packers, is signing a one-year deal with the Patriots, a source familiar with the deal confirmed to Pelissero. ESPN first reported the move.
4. Pete Carroll said Seattle Seahawks safety Earl Thomas(hamstring) is likely a game-time decision for Thursday night's game against the Arizona Cardinals.
5. The Tampa Bay Buccaneers activated quarterback Ryan Griffin (shoulder) from the injured reserve list on Tuesday. Griffin will back up Ryan Fitzpatrick with Jameis Winston sidelined.
6. The Chargers have activated linebacker Denzel Perryman from reserve/injured-designated for return. Perryman returns to the active roster after an ankle injury cost him the first half of 2017. The Bolts also signed tight end Jeff Cumberland.
A woman has been spared jail after driving while high on ice, cannabis and MDMA - even after she violated her driving suspension.
Tahnikka Pope was caught by Queensland authorities on July 29 after a road-side saliva test came back positive. Her license was immediately suspended for 24 hours.
The 20-year-old did not heed the suspension and instead decided to drive to Rockhampton to visit family some 17 hours later, reports the Sunshine Coast Daily.
Tahnikka Pope (pictured) was caught by Queensland authorities on July 29 after a road-side saliva test came back positive. Her license was immediately suspended for 24 hours
Police informed Miss Pope she had one day to hand her vehicle over to a nearby station for it to be impounded.
Police prosecutor Clancy Fox said that when they caught up with Miss Pope later she informed them she thought it was only her number plates they needed.
A check informed Mr Fox that she had indeed handed in her plates.
Police prosecutor Clancy Fox said that when they caught up with Miss Pope later she informed them she thought it was only her number plates they needed
Magistrate Cameron Press ordered Miss Pope (pictured) pay a $450 fine for drug driving, $400 for driving on a suspended licence, $250 for contravening police direction and $400 for failing to produce the vehicle. Convictions were recorded for those offences
But a week later on August 8 officers discovered a bong in her possession - drugs she said where her fathers.
Magistrate Cameron Press ordered Miss Pope pay a $450 fine for drug driving, $400 for driving on a suspended licence, $250 for contravening police direction and $400 for failing to produce the vehicle. Convictions were recorded for those offences.
She was disqualified from driving for three months for drug driving and six months for driving on a suspended licence.
Pope was ordered to participate in a drug diversion program for the bong possession and released on a $400 good behaviour bond.
Part 1. Denial The Greatest Truth Never Told (TGTNT) is a video series that has been 7 years in research and development. It is centered around the truth that humanity has been enslaved over and over again throughout history. TGTNT lays out the case for even the most cynical and indoctrinated individual that… The paradigm which we operate under is mathematically going to end.
The end of the world as we know it does not mean it is the end of the world.
The way of life we are currently leading is pulling humanity down and should be shown the door.
We cannot change the world to make our self happy or free.
We must change our self to make the world happy and free.
The awakening process is a very hard road for those with no guidance.
All of the problems we face in the world start and stop within our consciousness.
When you realize that you have this power, nothing can stop this change.
Humanity has the ability to truly free themselves once and for all. And that is just Part 1. of Denial. Sign up to our Insider newsletter to learn more about this project and how you can become aware and prepared for single largest event in human history.
by Ken Bakely
A mostly successful experiment in the field of home invasion movies as well as silent-but-not-silent cinema, Mike Flanagan's Hush acknowledges the bite-sized nature of its (likely intentionally) thin plot by clocking in at only 82 minutes. This is a good decision, as it keeps the proceedings from being dragged out indefinitely, a mistake many filmmakers would make and subsequently get lost in their own oblivion to shooting the source material. Flanagan's conscious exercise of both limited space (an isolated cabin and the immediate forest around it) and a screenplay consisting of less than 20% spoken dialogue is something to be admired, as he directs with great efficiency and economy, occasionally staggering through, yes, but building a minimalist setup through its own devices and culminating in a rousing finale.
The occupant of the aforementioned cabin is Maddie (Kate Siegel), a woman who has been deaf-mute since an illness in her childhood. She is a writer, and has just published her first novel. She enjoys the slow-paced, deliberate lifestyle of her secluded residence, and since she has had the house fitted with various accessories for her assistance (i.e. a very loud fire alarm which flashes and rattles the whole house), she is content to occasionally hang out with her friend Sarah (Samantha Sloyan) and work on her second book. But one night, as you might expect, something terrible happens. A run-of-the-mill masked psychopath (John Gallagher, Jr.) has found his way into Maddie's neck of the literal woods. After cutting his intended victim's electricity and making his presence known, our antagonist seems to think that a woman unable to speak or hear will be an easy target. But Maddie is far from a pushover, and so late into the night, she will carefully chase (and be chased by) her intruder around the property, always trying to remain one step ahead, knowing the slightest error could have fatal consequences.
In movies like Hush, where silence is a key component of the action, the onscreen perception of the screenplay is formed by the direction and the acting. This particular script, written by director Flanagan and star Siegel (a husband-and-wife team), reportedly clocked in at under fifty pages, and as a result much room is left for a creative improvisation of sorts. As a result, what is seen onscreen feels quite dynamic. Siegel's body-language acting is, of course, outwardly exaggerated for the sake of the camera and less discerning viewers, yet the sum of her work is enjoyable. Despite a resolute lack of background, Siegel develops Maddie into a compelling hero with an indefatigable spirit.
Even though we don't hear much, it is untrue to say we don't hear anything. A chilling sound mix is peppered throughout the movie, with rustling winds and footsteps, occasionally startlingly interrupted by one of a handful of louder, shriller sounds. But on that note, mistake is made in a score by the Newton Brothers. While it's not particularly disruptive, I still wonder what the film would have felt like without that artificial addition. Additionally, Gallagher's performance as the whack-a-mole intruder is rather uninspired, but on the other hand, the script is fairly uninterested in developing the character, even declining to give him a name. Ever-moving nonetheless, Hush remains captivating through the sheer directness taken in approaching the premise, with Flanagan pulling the strings with a smartly tempered fervor, navigating through some creative errors to distill its thrilling concepts to an accessible but thankfully uncompromised package.
Advertisements
2: Andrew Ng: “Today, we create our speech recognition systems on 45,000 hours of audio data—about five years of continuous talking. I'm in awe that we can actually build supercomputers that can process five years' worth of audio in a couple of weeks. But I'm also slightly embarrassed that our algorithms need so much data. No human brain needs five years of continually transcribed audio to learn English.”
1: Eric Horvitz: "Somehow children have an amazing ability to soak in the world and learn tons of things about the world without needing someone to provide the output. The technical term for this is unsupervised learning. It's basically just learning from A without needing B for every single input. We think a lot of humans learn just from A and not much from B. Children learn speech just by listening to speech.”
But to make A.I. that's knowledgeable on a grand scale—like learning the idiosyncrasies needed to translate every human language—the software needs to learn on its own. However, researchers don't agree on how to make that happen. One camp thinks that if we correct algorithms when they make the wrong decisions, they'll learn to avoid bad choices and choose only the right ones. 2 In other words, we parent our A.I. until it reaches the ability to thrive on its own.
If the internet was the birth of the digital revolution, then today's artificial intelligence is its first baby steps toward maturity. 1
The other camp believes learning is also informed by self-awareness, which lets humans make decisions based on their limits. They say artificial intelligence would also benefit from reflecting on its decisions.3 Algorithms could avoid bad decisions by understanding their limited abilities, as some have proved.4
But there aren't hard feelings on research differences—the field is idealistic and collaborative,5 and competitors often share ­progress through open-source code. It's important that they do because the ­entire industry will need to answer larger questions about the impact of their self-aware software—like where will humans still fit into a world run by A.I.?6
3: Horvitz: “No matter how poor the pieces are, at least if you have a really good layer of reflection, the system would know its limitations. It would know how good it is, and it would be bound by rationality. It would be able to understand how it's meant to employ itself in different situations, so it would be helpful even if it weren't perfect.”
4: Horvitz: “This evolving A.I. assistant I've built weaves together ­vision, natural dialogue ability, and ­generation of facial expressions that captures uncertainty at various levels. Plus a set of services that can predict—based on 10 years of data—where is Eric going to be in 10 minutes? How long will he be in his office until he leaves? Which meetings will he not attend, even though they're on his ­calendar?”
5: Ng: “There is that attitude in the A.I. community today that we're all in this together, in that we're trying to build a better society using A.I. This has led to an open sharing of ideas and even software. We do what we do because fundamentally we think it will make the world a better place, so we really want to share our discoveries with other people rather than keep things secret.”
6: Horvitz: “What are the ­implications for people who might be out of the kind of jobs they're trained for? Can we plan for that? Can we solve it? We might have to come up with ways to redistribute wealth because we know these technologies will generate more wealth. We really need to start being proactive about this and think these things through.”
On beautiful, sunny days with quiet weather conditions a strong wind develops in the evening at a height of about 200 metres. Peter Baas is the first to map how such a powerful wind develops high in the air. With his research he has made an important contribution to the improvement of weather and climate models. Knowledge of these air currents is also important for the aviation sector and the generation of wind energy.
During the evening the wind near the ground often dies down, in contrast to the wind several hundred metres above the ground that strongly increases at this time. This is because cooled air just above the Earth's surface remains hanging under warmer air above. The wind speed at an altitude of several hundred metres is strongly dependent on how the cool and warm air mix. The mixing stops during the night and a stable boundary layer develops. On the upper side of this layer the wind speed can rapidly increase. Peter Baas investigated how cold air and higher layers of warm air mix.
The researcher analysed the maximum wind speed at night using the measurements from the 200 m high KNMI measurement mast in Cabauw. Furthermore, he tested the processes that play a role in the development of the nocturnal wind maximum and showed how the mixing of air layers must be represented in models to predict nocturnal wind speeds.
The research of Peter Baas was part of the project Land Surface Climate and the Role of the Stable Boundary Layer PART 2. This project took place within the NWO theme Sustainable Earth and the research of Baas was funded by NWO.
The Stanford game was supposed to be a nice break in my week, but it just about gave me a heart attack. Even without Bryce Love, I expected the team to get a comfortable lead early on, so I could go study physics knowing the Cardinal would be 6-2 when I woke up the next morning.
Instead, the team imploded. They couldn't run or pass, and penalties and injuries continued to haunt the team. Ultimately though, David Shaw almost let this game slip away.
There's no doubt in my mind that Shaw should have benched Keller Chryst at halftime. Chryst went 7/16 for 82 yards, but he played much worse than his stats indicate. He threw into coverage, stared down receivers, and missed open guys. Early in the game, Chryst underthrew a wide open Trent Irwin in the red zone on third down. In fact, it was so underthrown that it should have been an interception. Stanford had to settle for a field goal.
Trailing 7-6 at halftime, I completely thought we'd see Costello start the opening series. The announcers thought so too. The team was unmotivated and uninspired, and KJ Costello was the spark we needed.
Who remembers UCLA?
Let's reminisce for a moment.
.@kj_costello led Stanford to eight straight scoring drives (7 TD, 1 FG) to finish the game last Saturday. #GoStanford pic.twitter.com/SBDgw6XKCr — Stanford Football (@StanfordFball) September 28, 2017
Like the Oregon State game, Stanford was losing and struggling on offense against UCLA. Then, K.J. Costello came in. He found success through the air and on the ground, but what truly set him apart from Chryst was his decision making. Costello scanned the field against the Bruins yet still managed to make quick throws. Meanwhile, Chryst continuously locked into one guy, and if he's not open, he'd either throw the ball anyway or just hold the ball and take the sack.
Above all though, I love Costello's mojo. He plays with emotion and fire, brings energy to the guys around him, and what was the result? Eight straight scoring drives. I honestly believe with him in the game Stanford would've blown out Oregon State in the second half.
I'm truly baffled over David Shaw's decision not to try Costello. He pulled the trigger years ago to play Kevin Hogan over Josh Nunes. So why is Shaw being so hesitant, especially when he let Chryst and Costello share snaps against Utah? Maybe he wanted to test Chryst's mettle. Maybe Shaw's just stubborn.
On the bright side, Chryst and Stanford (eventually) clawed out a win against Oregon State.
Back in the fall of 2008, Reason asked dozens of people—staffers, contributing editors, broadly defined fellow travelers—who they were planning to vote for in the presidential race. Arguably the most surprising result was the baker's dozen of characters (out of more than 40 respondents) who said they were voting for Barack Obama. Some wanted to punish the Republicans, some believed in Hope and Change, some hedged that they would only do so if the election in their state was close. But they did say they'd vote for a guy whose policies have led to what is likely to be a historic shellacking for the Democrats.
Reason intern Armin Rosen caught up with the Obamaniacs to ask three follow-up questions just before the midterm elections: Do you stand by your vote for Obama?; have the policies and laws passed since Obama took office benefited or hurt the country?; and what's the first thing that the new Congress should do upon taking office in 2011?
Peter Bagge
1. In 2008, you told Reason.com that you were voting for Barack Obama. Do you stand by that vote? I believe I said I'd vote for him if McCain had a chance of winning my home state of Washington, since I regarded him as the lesser of two evils (if utter lameness could be considered an "evil"), and that otherwise I'd vote for Bob Barr. I wound up voting for Barr, and I stand by THAT vote more now than I did then!
2. Have the federal policies and laws passed since Obama took office benefited or hurt the country? Hurt would be putting it mildly. Potentially fatal wounds are more like it. He's leading the same parade down the crapper that Bush had started, only he's quickened the pace.
3. What is the first thing that the new Congress should do upon taking office in 2011? Kill themselves.
Peter Bagge, a Reason magazine contributing editor, is a cartoonist whose most recent collection is Everybody Is Stupid Except for Me and Other Astute Observations.
Ronald Bailey
1. In 2008, you told Reason.com that you were voting for Barack Obama. Do you stand by that vote? As I explained, I voted for Obama to punish Republicans for their terrible policies under Bush. On the surface my vote worked since the Republicans are now at least paying lip service to enacting better fiscal policies and shrinking the size of government.
2. Have the federal policies and laws passed since Obama took office benefited or hurt the country? For the most part they have harmed the country.
3. What is the first thing that the new Congress should do upon taking office in 2011? Enact economic growth policies like eliminating the corporate income tax and eliminating all subsidies. The number of truly awful policies enacted by both parties over the past four decades is so great it's hard to know where to start, but it's a target-rich policy environment for killing off bad programs and policies.
Ronald Bailey is Reason magazine's science correspondent and the author of Liberation Biology: The Scientific and Moral Case for the Biotech Revolution.
Bruce Bartlett
1. In 2008, you told Reason.com that you were voting for Barack Obama. Do you stand by that vote? If I only knew what I knew on Election Day 2008 I would certainly vote for Obama again. Knowing what I know since and given only a choice between Obama and McCain, I would still vote for Obama. McCain has not done or said a single thing since Obama became president to make me think he would have been a better president. I discussed this in this column.
2. Have the federal policies and laws passed since Obama took office benefited or hurt the country? On balance, I think Obama's policies have helped the country—certainly more so than the “do nothing” policies of the Republicans.
3. What is the first thing that the new Congress should do upon taking office in 2011? I have no idea.
Bruce Bartlett is the author of Impostor: How George W. Bush Bankrupted America and Betrayed the Reagan Legacy.
David Brin
This article is from the archive of our partner .
The last major figure from Muammar Qaddafi's ousted regime has been captured: Intelligence chief Abdullah Senussi. Senussi, who The New York Times called "Qaddafi's brutal enforcer," was also the former dictator's brother in law. Fighters for the transitional government, known as the NTC, found him at his sister's house in the country's southern desert on Sunday, a day after they announced the capture of Qaddafi's son Saif al-Islam. Senussi, who Al Jazeera reports may hold as-yet unknown secrets about Qaddafi's regime, was "he last significant former regime figure still at large," according to Reuters. The International Criminal Court indicted Senussi for war crimes earlier this year, along with Al-Islam and Qaddafi, for alleged armed attacks on civilian protesters. But Senussi was already a wanted man. According to The Times, a court in Paris "sentenced him in absentia to life in prison for his role in an attack on a French airliner that killed 170 people in 1989." For now, Senussi and Al-Islam are both being held in a secret location for their own safety. After what happened to Qaddafi when he was found, that seems like a good idea.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
Members of Dykes on Bikes roll down Market St. to kick off the 42nd annual San Francisco Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender (LGBT) Pride Celebration & Parade June 30, 2013, in San Francisco. (Sarah Rice/Getty Images)
SAN FRANCISCO (KPIX 5) — The 42nd Annual Pride Parade turned out to be a record-breaker.
Organizers don't have hard numbers yet, but they say the turnout was the highest ever. There was also a record number of floats, making it was the longest parade in the event's history.
But even with record numbers, San Francisco's Pride Parade is something you hear long before you see it.
MORE:
Pride 2014 Photo Gallery
Pride 2014 Full Coverage
It's a little like the fight for gay rights itself, a rumbling heard from a distance until it finally breaks into full view, impossible to ignore.
The parade is loud and silly and playfully in-your-face. And what many once considered a freak show has become positively mainstream.
“Because everybody is just becoming more accepting…and you accept people for who they are,” Martinez resident Dayna Scudder said.
From the Boy Scouts to the military to gay marriage, battles have been fought and won. It hasn't been easy, and change has come at a glacial pace.
“It's the way it's meant to happen, it's happening at the right speed at the right time,” said parade marcher Carleton Starr. “It's here, but I think there's a great struggle still to be fought.”
Al Moser has been fighting discrimination for so long that he's actually a bit reluctant to acknowledge any success at all.
“Is it hard to admit that you have made real progress? I think it is hard. I feel that this is a bubble that is not representative of the country,” Moser said.
But they say real change happens through evolution not revolution. Activists may have begun the struggle, but it is the young generation who will determine the future.
“My parents raised me to just love everyone and not care,” said Fairfield resident Sarah Hill. “Like it's none of my business who you love, you know what I mean? Like, it's not my business.”
For many young people here, being gay is just no big deal, and one day, that may be the truest expression of equality. They may have come here for the party, but they are actually changing the world.
Half of likely California voters doesn't want to see Sen. Dianne Feinstein Dianne Emiel FeinsteinHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Ocasio-Cortez adviser says Sunrise confrontation with 'old-timer' Feinstein 'sad' Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid MORE (D) run for another term, according to a poll released Thursday.
A new Public Policy Institute of California poll finds that 46 percent of Californians don't believe the long-serving senator should run for a sixth term in 2018. That percentage increases to 50 percent when narrowed to include only "likely voters."
Just more than half of Democrats in the state, 57 percent, say Feinstein should run for reelection, but she is underwater with independent voters. More than half of independent voters, 55 percent, want Feinstein to retire at the end of her fifth term in January.
ADVERTISEMENT
A majority of likely voters, 54 percent, approve of the job she is doing, including 71 percent of Democrats.
California's other Democratic senator, Kamala Harris Kamala Devi HarrisSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Warren Buffett: I would support Bloomberg if he ran for president Kamala Harris hits Trump on Fourth of July tweet: 'It's America's birthday, not his birthday' MORE, is less well-known than Feinstein, according to the poll, but has a higher level of support likely votes. More than half, 54 percent, of likely voters said that they approved of Harris's job performance, compared to 30 percent who disapproved and 23 percent who couldn't say.
Feinstein faces possible challenges from the party's left over her support of some of President Trump's nominees and her refusal to endorse single-payer health care.
The centrist Democrat shocked a crowd in her home state last month when he appeared to say that Trump could still have her support, explaining his potential to be a "good" president.
"The question is whether he can learn and change," Feinstein said in August. "If so, I believe he can be a good president."
She added that Trump will have to "forget himself enough and have the type of empathy and direction the country needs."
The Public Policy Institute of California surveyed 1,734 California adults via telephone from Sept. 10 to 19. The poll carries a margin of error of 3.1 percentage points.
A new paper published by researchers at Missouri University of Science and Technology reveals that people with depressive symptoms are more avid file-sharers than those without them. The research in question was conducted among students whose connections to the campus network were monitored. Perhaps more worrying than the results themselves, the lead researcher suggests that it might be a good idea to monitor people's file-sharing habits for use as a diagnostic tool.
Nearly every day we write about negative associations towards file-sharing, and today is no different. A new academic paper now reveals how file-sharing is linked to depressive symptoms.
The paper carries the self-explanatory title “Associating Depressive Symptoms in College Students with Internet Usage Using Real Internet Data” and will be published in an upcoming issue of IEEE Technology and Society Magazine.
In brief, the researchers monitored how 216 undergraduates at Missouri S&T used the campus network. They then linked these findings to the results of a self-rated depression scale (CES-D survey).
What they found was that the use of peer-to-peer octets, packets and duration is positively correlated with depressive symptoms. In other words, people who are “depressed” are more avid file-sharers than those who don't show depressive symptoms.
According to lead researcher Dr. Sriram Chellappan, the findings are unique among their kind.
“The study is believed to be the first that uses actual Internet data, collected unobtrusively and anonymously, to associate Internet usage with signs of depression,” he told Psys. “Previous research on Internet usage has relied on surveys, which are ‘a far less accurate way' of assessing how people use the Internet.”
It is unclear what the direction of the relation between depressive symptoms and file-sharing is. The MPAA and RIAA may use the results to claim that file-sharing is bad for your mental health, but this can't be concluded from the current findings.
Aside from heavy P2P use, people with depressive symptoms also use online chat more, and spend more time sending email. HTTP traffic and streaming were not correlated to depressive symptoms.
As a category file-sharers are in good company as previous studies have linked depressive symptoms to online shopping, excessive online video viewing, social networking, online gambling, and excessive late-night Internet use.
Where things do get scary is when Dr. Sriram Chellappan suggests that it might be a good idea to develop applications that scan people's Internet use for these risky behaviors.
“The software would be a cost-effective and an in-home tool that could proactively prompt users to seek medical help if their Internet usage patterns indicate possible depression. The software could also be installed on campus networks to notify counselors of students whose Internet usage patterns are indicative of depressive behavior,” he explains.
This goes a bit too far, and is also uncalled for as there is absolutely no evidence that even a decent percentage of all avid P2P users show depressive symptoms.
That a researcher even suggests this is baffling. Not everything has to be monitored and checked. Most people just want their monthly invoice from their ISP, not a complete mental health report. Or perhaps i'm just being far too negative…
early 13c., "one hateful toward and intent on harming (someone)," from Old French enemi (12c., Modern French ennemi), earlier inimi (9c.) "enemy, adversary, foe; demon, the Devil," from Latin inimicus "an enemy," literally "an unfriend," noun use of adjective meaning "hostile, unfriendly" (source also of Italian nemico, Catalan enamic, Spanish enemigo, Portuguese inimigo), from in- "not" (see in- (1)) + amicus "friend" related to amare "to love" (see Amy). From c. 1300 in English as "adversary of God, unbeliever, heathen, anti-Christian;" late 14c. as "the Devil;" also late 14c. as "member of an armed, hostile body in a war, feud, etc.;" of the opposing military forces as a whole, from c. 1600. From mid-14c. as an adjective.
Most Indo-European words for "personal enemy" cover also "enemy in war," but certain languages have special terms for the latter, such as Greek polemioi (distinct from ekhthroi), Latin hostis, originally "stranger" (distinct from inimicus), Russian neprijatel' (distinct from vrag). Russian vrag (Old Church Slavonic vragu) is cognate with Lithuanian vargas "misery" (see urge (v.)), and probably is related to Proto-Germanic *wargoz, source of Old Norse vargr "outlaw," hence "wolf;" Icelandic vargur "fox;" Old English wearg "criminal, felon;" which likely were the inspirations for J.R.R. Tolkien's warg as the name of a kind of large ferocious wolf in "The Hobbit" (1937) and "Lord of the Rings." Related: Enemies.
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Wednesday issued a broad interpretation of a federal law that makes it a crime for people convicted of domestic violence to possess guns.
The court refused to consider a challenge to the law based on the Second Amendment, saying that argument had received only a “cursory nod” in the briefs. Instead, the court considered the meaning of the term domestic violence, with the majority concluding that it encompassed acts “that one might not characterize as ‘violent' in a nondomestic context.”
The case concerned James A. Castleman, a Tennessee man who in 2001 was convicted of assault in state court for causing bodily injury to the mother of his child. Court records do not say precisely what he did or what injuries the woman sustained.
When Mr. Castleman was indicted under the federal gun law, he argued that it did not apply to him because his state conviction did not qualify as a crime of domestic violence. Though the federal law defines a “misdemeanor crime of domestic violence” as one involving the use of physical force, he argued that the state law under which he was charged did not require proof of such force.
Kosher Republic
The pushback has begun against the happy talk that Roberts is some kind of grand chessmaster who has limited the Commerce Clause and produced a secret long term victory for conservatives:
“Ladies and gentlemen, there exists no silver lining to this ruling. All of the crackpot, delusional happy-talk from some conservatives in media is designed to make you feel better. You've just lost both arms and legs in a brutal assault, but they tell you, you should consider this a happy opportunity to enjoy the comforts of a new wheelchair and mouth-controlled joystick. You've just lost your family to a violent home-invasion, but, they tell you, you should view this as a chance to start over. The intention here is to keep you calm. The intention now is to serve a political end, while your country is dying around you. Your most sacred law, the US Constitution, has been crumpled and tossed into the ash-bin of history, and you are told you should do a happy-dance to the calming sounds of “Oh Happy Days.”
I'd like you to inventory the whole of the conservatives to whom you listen, or whose columns and opinions you read, and I want you to take care to note which of them are imploring you to consider some silver lining. They are lying. They have good intentions, many of them, and they have contorted themselves into a formless spaghetti of reasoning in order to find some good in this awful plate of refuse you've been handed. Don't surrender your minds by sprinkling Parmesan on it and wolfing it down. Are there some limited political opportunities as a result of this decision? Yes, but they require the fulfillment of a whole laundry-list of “if-then” statements.
IF Mitt Romney is elected, and IF he doesn't sell us out, and IF we hold the House, and IF we recapture the Senate(and at least 60 votes) and IF the moderates in either house don't screw us, and IF Boehner and McConnell have the guts to do in repealing what the villains Reid and Pelosi did in passing the ACA, and IF they can deliver a bill to President Romney's desk, and IF John Roberts and the other liberals on the court can be replaced, and IF Mitt Romney can replace them with actual strict constructionists, THEN you might have a chance to undo this damage. IF any of these don't happen, your constitution is effectively dead as a restraint on government.
The danger of self-imposed delusions is that you come to believe them, like a pathological liar. It is by this form of self-delusion that we've permitted our country to lose its roots in reverence for the Constitution. We cannot defeat the statists by pretending this isn't the disaster that it is, if we can defeat them at all. I believe some talking heads know this, but do not want to yield to what will come in the wake of such a monstrosity. They're hanging on, stubbornly telling us that the stench of smoke reaching our nostrils is merely an air freshener of a novel scent. Rather than screaming “Fire,” and warning conservative Americans that the house is ablaze, the barn is wiped out, the surviving farm animals running loose in a frantic bid to stay ahead of the flames licking at their heels, many are now telling you that it's all okay. It will be fine.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LAWTON, Okla. - An Oklahoma inmate is accused of extorting gay men behind prison walls.
Sean Siwek, 34, was sentenced to time served and will have to pay nearly $125,000 dollars in restitution.
Siwek is now serving time at the Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester.
He was transferred there after investigators said he committed fraud while in prison at the Lawton Correctional Facility.
According to an indictment, Siwek and other inmates smuggled in cell phones and used the phones to call into a service.
Investigators said they “falsely claimed that they were gay men seeking other gay men for sexual encounters."
They said Siwek claimed “that he was a male prostitute interested in a sexual relationship with men who were either married or had girlfriends”.
After a meeting was arranged, court documents show Siwek or another coconspirator “called that legitimate user, claiming to be a law enforcement officer” and told that person “they had agreed to have sex with a minor, which was a crime”.
Detectives said the con artists went on to say “they would publicize the legitimate user's sexual orientation and bring criminal charges against him” unless he paid up.
At one point prosecutors say Siwek claimed he was a special agent with the FBI.
By requiring the men to pay through a “Green Dot” prepaid debit card, investigators said the “coconspirators defrauded at least six victims throughout the United States out of at least $133,840”.
Siwek was originally serving time for several crimes, including robbery with a dangerous weapon.
After he gets out of prison, NewsChannel 4 is told he will be under federal supervision for a few years.
His attorney said he could not comment on the case.
Irate parents tell pastor to shut up when he screams 'Santa isn't real' at Texas mall
David Grisham, a pastor with Last Frontier Evangelism in Alaska, posted a video on Facebook of his attempt to tell children at an Amarillo mall there is no Santa, Dec. 10, 2016. Parents who didn't appreciate his effort told him to leave. (Screen grab via Facebook/David Grisham/Last Frontier Evangelism) less David Grisham, a pastor with Last Frontier Evangelism in Alaska, posted a video on Facebook of his attempt to tell children at an Amarillo mall there is no Santa, Dec. 10, 2016. Parents who didn't appreciate ... more Photo: Screen Grab Via Facebook/David Grisham/Last Frontier Evangelism Photo: Screen Grab Via Facebook/David Grisham/Last Frontier Evangelism Image 1 of / 29 Caption Close Irate parents tell pastor to shut up when he screams 'Santa isn't real' at Texas mall 1 / 29 Back to Gallery
An Alaska man who calls himself a preacher with Last Frontier Evangelism is complaining on Facebook about the reception he got when he yelled, "There is no Santa" to kids at a mall.
David Grisham posted a video of himself telling kids at an Amarillo mall Saturday afternoon that Christmas is about Jesus Christ.
"Kids, I wanted to tell you today there is no such thing as Santa Claus," Grisham said in the video. "Santa Claus does not exist....The man you're going to see today is just a man in a suit. He's dressed up like Santa but Santa does not exist."
REAL SANTA: This Santa is trying to find a lost wedding ring
Someone can be heard thanking Grisham and then asking him to leave.
Instead, Grisham persists in his message - "Parents, you need to stop lying to your children.... when you know in reality there are no flying reindeer and there is no workshop at the North Pole."
The exchange gets a bit testy before Grisham finally tells them to "have a nice day" and apparently leaves without further incident."
SANTA'S MINIONS: Hilarious, mischievous ideas for your Elf on a Shelf
Westgate Mall general manager Brian Giffin said Monday that Grisham left before mall security arrived.
In a prepared statement, Giffin said, "Westgate Mall is aware of the incident with Mr. Grisham Saturday at Westgate Mall. We want everyone who comes here to have an enjoyable shopping experience. All shoppers are expected to follow our code of conduct and will be asked to leave our premises if they can't follow our rules."
As far as he knew, Giffin said, no children were upset by Grisham's behavior. Nothing similar had ever happened at the mall, he said.
Reaction on Facebook ran the gamut from amusement to spluttering outrage.
"HOPE YOU ROT IN HELL FOR ETERNITY!" one person commented.
Another said, "All these threats? Wow. We're talking about santa..."
At a time when Irani eateries in the city are shutting shop, the iconic Sassanian Restaurant and Bakery in South Mumbai is on the verge of completing 101 years in business. Situated in Dhobi Talao near the Gol Masjid, the quaint restaurant, which serves mouth-watering delicacies like chicken puff and dhansak, will turn 101 on March 21 – when the Zoroastrian Community will celebrate Navroz (Iranian New Year).
Started in 1913 by Rustom K Yazdabadi as KR Sassanian Restaurant and Bakery, the eatery only served bun-maska (bread-butter), chai (tea), mawa cakes and kheema initially. It was only in 2000 that they expanded it into a restaurant and began serving Parsi cuisine.
Despite other eating joints coming up in the vicinity, Sassanian continues to attract huge crowds even today. "We don't advertise our place; customers come to us because of word-of-mouth publicity. Loyal customers keep frequenting the place because of the quality of food we serve. My father told me to always serve good food and take the blessings of people; that has been the unwritten rule in our long journey," said Meheraban Kola, one of the partners of Sassanian along with Adi K Yazdabadi and Irandokhd Behjat.
Meheraban, his sister Dilnaz and brother-in-law Shahrukh manage the eatery at present. Meherban's father Khodadad became Yazdabadi's partner in 1947. They became family after Meheraban married Yazdabadi's great great granddaughter in 1978.
Sassanian is now famous for its dhansak, salli chicken and roasted chicken. Its mawa and plum cakes along with chicken puffs are the most sold articles from the bakery (Boulangerie). Several famous celebrities, including film stars, politicians and academicians, swear by the food and charm of Sassanian. "Actresses Mumtaz and Helen, late Shiv Sena leader Pramod Navalkar and former director general of police Arvind Inamdar came here often," Meheraban told dna.
Churchgate resident Nazneen Engineer unfailingly visits Sassanian whenever she can. "The taste of salli chicken hasn't changed over the years; it tasted the same when I visited the place recently. I regularly went to Sassanian when I was in college a decade ago. I like the chilled-out ambiance there and love the pictures from Iran which adorn Sassanian's walls. I hope the eatery remains functional forever so that the future generations can relish its tasty delicacies and enjoy its classic atmosphere."
Sassanian hopes to serve its customers for many more years. Meheraban says his son has done a catering course and that he may take over. "But that would be completely his decision."
Image copyright AP Image caption Mr Holmes said that after the crisis hotline call was disconnected he was on "autopilot"
James Holmes had called a crisis hotline for help before he killed 12 people and wounded 70 others at a Colorado cinema, according to a video interview.
Mr Holmes said he lingered outside the cinema for a "moment or two" and called a mental health hotline. He also thought the FBI could have stopped him.
His phone call to the crisis line was disconnected, and the FBI did not come.
Mr Holmes is on trial for carrying out the deadly shooting in June 2012.
He has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity.
Prosecutors say Holmes was sane at the time of the shooting and are seeking the death penalty.
Defence attorneys claim schizophrenia distorted his ability to tell right from wrong and he should be sent to the state mental hospital.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The trial continues in Colorado over the 2012 shooting that killed 12 people
Two state-appointed psychiatrists deemed Holmes legally sane but mentally ill at the time of the shooting at the suburban movie theatre.
"At that point, I'm on autopilot," Holmes said in the video, in which he was being interviewed by state psychiatrist Dr William Reid.
He "doubted he could be talked out of it" but called the hotline as "one last chance to see if I should turn back".
When the phone call was disconnected, he knew "it was really going to happen".
Mr Holmes told Dr Reid he would be remembered as a "bad guy" and that he "accomplished what he set out to do".
In the video, Mr Holmes showed a lot of rational thinking, Dr Reid said.
Mr Holmes also told him he was not using drugs in the weeks before the attack.
U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan takes a bus ride in Columbus, NM. (Official Department of Education photo by Joshua Hoover.)
(CNSNews.com) – Education Secretary Arne Duncan visited an elementary school in Columbus, N.M. last year where 75 percent of the students live in Mexico but are being educated in the United States because their mothers crossed the border to seek medical help, and their birth here makes them U.S. citizens.
“These are our kids and they're trying to get a great education,” Duncan said during a visit to the school, which was part of his 2013 school bus tour. “These are children and families who are trying to live the American dream of putting everything, everything on the line to get a great education.
“And it's frankly inspiring,” Duncan said.
Duncan's remarks are included in a 2013 Washington Post documentary about “blurred” immigration lines, which the school has posted on its website.
The documentary explains that women who live in Palomas, Mexico often cross the border to give birth Columbus, New Mexico because the U.S. hospital is closer than the nearest facility in Mexico and the local Palomas clinic doesn't always have a doctor on staff.
"So for decades, women in labor have been allowed to cross the border and go to the nearest hospital, which happens to be just 30 miles north of the U.S. border,” the documentary says. “Once they give birth there, the children become citizens.”
The film includes an interview with Columbus Fire Chief Ken Riley, who over the years says he has “taken thousands of trips to the border to pick up women in labor.”
The hospital in Columbus, N.M. estimates it loses $1 million a year providing services to women who can't pay for them, according to the Post.
But the documentary also notes that under a 2010 agreement between U.S. and Mexico, the Palomas clinic would get more money and staff, and the U.S. would accept only emergency cases. Today, “runs to the border by the Columbus EMTs have been cut in half,” the documentary notes.
The Department of Education recently posted a video of Duncan's trip to Columbus Elementary School, where he was greeted by a mariachi band.
“Obviously here in Columbus is something I've never seen before,” Duncan says in the video. “You have children who are American citizens at the local elementary school – Columbus Elementary – the majority of the kids travel back and forth across the border every single day.”
Duncan also hailed the children's parents for having “the courage to drop their 6- and 7- and 8-year-olds off; to send them here to chase the American dream, to get a better education, to contribute to society,” Duncan said.
Harvilee Moore, superintendent of Deming Public Schools, says in the Post documentary that the practice of allowing children who live in Mexico to attend Columbus schools dates back to a decision in the 1950s by a former school principal, and that decision has always been supported by the state of New Mexico.
“We are educators,” Moore said. “We consider that we are putting children first. We are doing our job.”
Duncan says children are getting more than an education when they cross the border into the United States, as school officials are “making sure the children are fed not just during the week put on the weekends.
“They make sure the kids dental needs are met, their health care needs are met,” Duncan said.
“And they are trying to remove every single barrier to children being academically successful.”
Under the 14th Amendment, automatic citizenship is conferred on anyone born in the United States, even if the parents are here illegally.
Earlier this year, Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) re-introduced legislation that would "fix the flawed interpretation of the Constitution's citizenship clause."
King's "Birthright Citizenship Act of 2013" would end the current practice of extending U.S. citizenship to hundreds of thousands of "anchor babies," which he called a magnet for illegal immigration.
John North, the vice president of finance for Ashland-based Lithia Motors, said the auto retailer would see almost all its profits from Oregon stores wiped out under a tax measure headed toward the November 2016 ballot.
"That's not really sustainable," said North, adding that Lithia, one of the state's three Fortune 500 companies, might reduce its presence in Oregon if the measure passes.
"Everything is on the table," he said. "We may have to change our headquarters."
Oregon's business community is ratcheting up its rhetoric against the union-backed corporate tax measure that would raise an estimated $2.6 billion a year for schools and other services, far more than any tax hike in modern Oregon history.
Business leaders are trying to make the case that while the proposed tax initiative is aimed at out-of-state corporations, it could particularly hit some key homegrown companies - from low-margin businesses such as Lithia Motors to the software startups crowding into Portland.
"We have this burgeoning software business in Oregon that I think would be significantly affected," said Ken Thrasher, a former Fred Meyer CEO and board chairman of Portland-based Compli. "We run the risk of these jobs being located somewhere else where we don't have to pay the tax."
Backers of the tax measure say the complaints are predictable attempts to avoid increasing corporate taxes that are among the lowest in the country.
One oft-cited study, by the Council on State Taxation, which represents large multistate corporations, says Oregon is tied with Connecticut for the lowest business tax burden. A big factor is Oregon's lack of a sales tax, which is typically about 20 percent of corporate tax burdens, said Nikki Dobay, the group's West Coast tax counsel.
"What you're reporting on is an attempt by the business community to tell a story that isn't true," said Ben Unger, executive director of Our Oregon and the chief sponsor of the measure. "The real story is businesses that don't pay their fair share of taxes are desperately trying to keep it that way."
Unger said he's skeptical that the measure, which is primarily backed by the state's major public employee unions, would hurt the ability of businesses to operate in the state. He said he is "very confident that this measure will create jobs in Oregon" by bringing in tax revenue that would otherwise be held by out-of-state corporations.
If the measure qualifies for the ballot, it won't go before voters for nearly a year. But the high stakes of the initiative are already leading to behind-the-scenes political maneuvering.
Thrasher was among a small group of business leaders who met with Gov. Kate Brown early this month in hopes she might pressure her supporters in the labor movement to back off from the measure.
Brown is "considering a variety of options," said Kristen Grainger, the governor's communications director, "but job one is to figure out what the impacts would be."
Senate Democratic leaders are also trying to see if there's support for a more modest tax measure. But Senate President Peter Courtney said this week: "I don't see any likelihood right now" of that happening.
In the meantime, Our Oregon has assembled a coalition - ranging from teacher unions to a small-business group that frequently supports left-of-center causes - and is working to gather the 88,184 signatures needed by July 8 to qualify for the ballot.
The measure would set a new minimum corporate income tax that, in essence, would shift many big companies from paying taxes on their income to paying taxes on their sales.
Paul Warner, the Legislature's top tax expert, said he estimates that 75 percent of the tax burden would fall on the relatively small number of corporations - fewer than 300 by the most recent count - with more than $100 million in Oregon sales.
However, because of a long-standing provision in Oregon tax laws, companies that mostly provide services would pay the tax based on their worldwide sales. That means software firms - which increasingly meet the definition of providing a service, not a tangible product - could face much steeper taxes while big tech companies such as Intel could be much less affected. Intel declined to comment on the measure.
Mat Ellis, the founder and CEO of Portland-based Cloudability, said he has been inundated with emails from fellow software officials fretting about the proposed tax. Ellis and other industry officials said software companies frequently operate in the red as they try to gain market share, meaning that additional taxes reduce the number of workers they can hire.
"It's penalizing the very people who are creating the expansion of jobs here," said Ellis, adding that software firms can easily move out of state since they consist mostly of employees and computers in rented spaces.
"It's trivial for us to move to Vancouver, Washington," said Ellis, who already lives there.
The software industry is still a relatively small part of the Oregon economy, but it's the growing segment of the tech industry - and the jobs it brings are particularly attractive. Depending on the definition used, Oregon has about 25,000 software jobs that pay an average of $99,400, according to Amy Vander Vliet, an economist for the state Employment Department. Most are in the Portland area.
"It's both a current problem and a prospective problem to attract new companies," said Thrasher, the Compli chairman. As it happens, subsidiaries of large out-of-state software companies could be less affected because their sales can be funneled through the parent.
Neither Cloudability nor Compli has reached $25 million in sales, and Unger said he hasn't yet seen evidence of an Oregon software firm that would be seriously hurt by the tax measure.
Sabrina Parsons, the CEO of Palo Alto Software in Eugene, said she's supporting the measure despite its flaws.
"I'm not maybe crazy about the way the tax is structured, but my kids don't have 15 years to wait while we argue over what the perfect tax is," she said, adding that improving the state's troubled educational system would help attract more tech companies.
Parsons also argued that any software company that reaches $25 million in sales should be able to absorb the tax.
In the case of Lithia Motors, there's no doubt the company would face a big new tax bill. About 17 percent of the firm's business is in Oregon, said North, the financial officer, putting its in-state sales at somewhere around $1.3 billion.
North said his firm now pays between $3 million and $4 million a year in state taxes, and he calculates that amount would increase to about $35 million. Lithia operates on an after-tax margin of about 2.7 percent, he said, and a sales-based tax of 2.5 percent "basically takes away all the motivation to do business in Oregon because there is no profit."
Some low-margin retailers such as grocers may be able to pass on costs to customers or absorb them since Oregon represents a small part of their national sales. But North said it's a tougher for car dealers to raise prices since they face competition from neighboring states and from smaller dealers that aren't subject to the tax.
Unger said it isn't fair to ask sponsors of the measure to "solve all of Oregon's tax problems. ...We've picked one that is the biggest. That is that corporations don't pay their fair share."
Mike Rogoway of the Oregonian/OregonLive staff contributed to this report.
--Jeff Mapes
Correction: The title of John North, vice president of finance for Lithia Motors, was incorrect in a previous version of this story.
503-221-8209
@jeffmapes
The fact that average IQ seems to increase the further north you get is consistent with the “cold weather” hypothesis for the evolution of human intelligence in prehistoric times championed by Michael Hart in Understanding Human History, which I have commented upon previously.
It is interesting that very roughly speaking, IQ increases the further north you get. This means that Europe as a whole has higher IQ than the Middle East, and much higher than tropical Africa. However, there are also minor differences within Europe, and not necessarily statistically insignificant ones. Europeans north of the Alps have slightly higher IQs than those in southern Europe. It is possible to argue that the Swedes and Dutch have outperformed some of the Balkan peoples because of this. The Italians are often listed as having the highest mean IQ in southern Europe, which is consistent with the fact that Italians make up the southern European nation that ranks the highest in modern human accomplishment. The greatest riddle are the Greeks, who in ancient times could produce great geniuses such as Aristotle, Archimedes and Hipparchus, but today have one of the lowest IQs on the European continent.
Regarding the Germans, this is an intriguing question. I am quite convinced that IQ is an important variable and I have seen several rankings listing the Germans as having the highest average IQ in Europe. Nevertheless, IQ does not explain everything. No single factor ever does. For instance, it does not explain why Europeans and people of European origins outperformed East Asians by such a wide margin, despite the fact that the latter match us in average IQ.
Fjordman has joined in an interesting discussion over at Mangan's place . Some of his assorted comments are below:
– – – – – – – – –
The nations that had the biggest impact on the development of chemistry were the usual suspects: France, Germany and Britain, followed by the Netherlands, Italy, Sweden, Russia, Switzerland, Belgium etc. However, if you look at per capita contributions you could claim that Swedes did more per person to develop modern chemistry than any other nation on Earth. The average person would be familiar with Alfred Nobel because he invented dynamite and established the Nobel Prizes, and he does receive a very high ranking in the Technology index. However, by far the most scientifically important Swedish chemist was Jöns Jacob Berzelius, who also receives by far the highest ranking of any Scandinavian in the Combined Sciences index by Murray. I suspect that the Swedish scientist closest to him in importance would be Linnaeus. Sweden does well in chemistry and biology and to a lesser extent in astronomy, technology, physics and medicine.
Denmark does well in astronomy and astrophysics, with individuals such as Tycho Brahe (born in southern Sweden), Ole Rømer and Ejnar Hertzsprung. The only science category where Norway performs best among the Nordic nations is mathematics, with Niels Henrik Abel receiving by far the highest ranking. If I recall correctly, number two on the list is also Norwegian, Sophus Lie. Both are correct, in my view. Henrik Ibsen is ranked highest from the Nordic countries in Western Literature, followed by August Strindberg from Sweden and Hans Christian Andersen from Denmark. Edvard Munch is ranked highest in Western Art and Edvard Grieg in Western Music, only rivaled by Jean Sibelius.
I don't think there is much of an IQ difference between the Nordic peoples. If Denmark and (southern) Sweden rank highest in the sciences I suspect this has partly to do with population density and different levels of urbanization; you don't just need a few smart people sitting on separate mountain tops, you need a cluster of smart people to create innovation. Finland would probably receive a higher ranking now with Nokia and telecommunications, Linus Torvalds and Linux etc.
If we are approaching a discontinuity in Western history then we will probably witness selection pressures in favor of ethnocentric warrior creeds. Europeans, and arguably people from the Germanic-speaking regions of northwestern Europe in particular, have for centuries been among the least ethnocentric people on Earth, which is why we invented archaeology, comparative linguistics etc. I don't think any single factor ever explains everything, not even genes or IQ, but if we assume that Europeans, and Germanic Europeans in particular, have a genetic profile which favors altruism then we will probably be facing a bottleneck in the coming generations where only those whites capable of carving out a land exclusively for them and expelling intruders will survive and pass on their genes.
For hundreds of thousands of years, early humans became more intelligent very, very slowly due to evolutionary pressures as average IQ rose, probably more in colder regions than in tropical ones. What we have witnessed during the past century is the unprecedented situation where the global human population has exploded, but mainly in dysfunctional Third World countries. If high-IQ countries such as Germany and Japan have stagnating populations and low-IQ countries such as Nigeria and the Yemen have booming populations, does that not mean that the global average IQ is declining? It probably does. What kind of effect will this have on world civilization? This question is perhaps the greatest possible taboo that exists in the modern West, but in my view it needs to be asked.
Have we arrived at the unprecedented situation of “survival of the least fit”? I suspect that this question stems from a misunderstanding of the theory of evolution. The most “fit” are the ones who successfully pass on their genes. End of story. Survival of the fittest is first and foremost survival of the survivors. If we don't survive then we are by definition not the most fit. Around WW1, people of European origins made up at least a third of the world's population. Now we're soon down to single digits and still falling. This is rapidly turning into a question of survival.
Personally, I am quite confident that whites possess the necessary genetic skills and intelligence to survive the coming bottleneck, but it is possible that whites in the future will come from fewer bloodlines than we do today. We should remember that most of the population growth in the Third World has been caused and sustained by the global impact of Western technology. When the West is no longer willing or able to carry these countries on our backs then many of them will simply implode. I am not sure that the global population will be ten billion or more at the end of this century. It may well be substantially lower than it is today when all is said and done.
I have seen the claim of a larger standard deviation for whites than for East Asians referred to many places and have quoted it myself, but I must say that while it remains plausible I haven't seen conclusive proof that this claim is true.
The Germans usually come out on top, followed by the Dutch, the Swedes and others, with the Balkan peoples having the lowest average IQ in Europe. However, some of the details in between vary considerably. One ranking referred to in the London Times in 2006 listed the Germans and the Dutch as having an IQ that was 13 points higher than the French. I just don't buy that.
Notice, by the way, that you can state even in the respectable London Times that the Germans have higher IQ than the French. However, if you state that the Germans have higher IQ than Arabs then you've suddenly become a crypto-Nazi. We shouldn't have to put up with this kind of totalitarian anti-scientific nonsense.
The number of people in the United States living in poverty remains at its highest level since 1993 with 46.2 million people — including 16.1 million children — living below the poverty line, the Census Bureau reported Wednesday.
The poverty rate effectively leveled off in 2011 following three straight years of increases, the bureau said. Even so, the current level amounts to 15 percent of the nation's population.
ADVERTISEMENT
The new data finds that three years after the financial crisis and economic downturn, median household income dropped 1.5 percent to $62,273, the second straight year income had fallen in the U.S. That level is 8.1 percent lower than it was in 2007, before the recession began, and 8.9 percent lower than its 1999 peak.
The data found a wide racial discrepancy when it came to poverty. The poverty rate for non-Hispanic whites stood at 12.8 percent, while the rates for blacks and Hispanics were roughly twice as high, at 27.6 percent and 25.3 percent, respectively. The poverty rate for Asians was actually the lowest among racial categories tracked by the Census, at 12.3 percent.
Women were more likely than men to live in poverty. The female rate was 16.3 percent in 2011, compared to 13.6 percent for males.
The Census Bureau defined poverty in 2011 as an individual making less than $11,702 a year, which scales upward as more people are added to a family unit. A family of four, for example, with two children under the age of 18 would fall below the poverty line with a household income of less than $22,811.
The report also found that the number of people with health insurance climbed in 2011 to 84.3 percent, up from 83 percent in 2010. The percentage of people covered by private health insurance did not fall, marking the first time in a decade that was the case. In 2011, 9.7 percent of children, or 7.6 million, were without health insurance, roughly the same level as 2010.
— This story was updated at 10:56 a.m.
UPDATE: Kennedy Space Center has changed the end date of the tours to Feb. 23.
Public tours of the Vehicle Assembly Building will end Feb. 23 Feb. 11, officials of the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex announced Tuesday.
The attraction's VAB Up-Close Tour began in late 2011. The structure, touted as one of the largest buildings in the world, had been off-limits since 1978. The VAB, identifiable by the gigantic American flag and NASA logo on its side, is where space vehicles, including the fleet of space shuttles, were assembled for launch.
The tours are being halted because the building will be undergoing modifications for the space center to become a multiuser Spaceport and in preparation for the Space Launch System.
From the beginning, the tour was considered temporary.
"We knew that the day would come when preparations for the SLS would take precedent,” said Therrin Protze, chief operating officer for the visitor complex. “Kennedy Space Center is an operating space program facility, and preparations for the next chapter in space exploration are the utmost priority, and we are very excited about the future.”
Two other tours, which take visitors to Launch Pad 39-A and the Launch Control Center, will continue for now, but the KSC Mega-Tour, which combines all three destinations, will also be suspended.
VAB Up-Close Tour tickets sell for $75, which includes admission to the visitor complex. Guests between the ages of 3 and 11 pay $59.
For more information or to buy tickets, go to KennedySpaceCenter.com or call 877-313-2610.
Trump International Golf Club, West Palm Beach is a private 27-hole golf course in West Palm Beach, Florida. It was designed by Jim Fazio, who was given a budget of over US$40 million and was opened in 1999.[1] This venue was Trump's first golf course property.[2]
The Championship course measures 7,326 yards, and has a par 72 layouts that has hosted championships for the LPGA.[1] In addition, the golf course has a nine-hole course. The clubhouse can host weddings and other social or business events. A three-tiered driving range is available.
The regular initiation fee for membership was reported to be US$150,000 in 2011, and the annual fee US$25,000.[3] The senior director of instruction for Trump Golf Properties, Gary Wiren, is based out of this resort.[4]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
On Aug. 21 of last year, I referred to Donald Trump as a warrior extraordinaire who “is the prototypical, archetypal and testosterone-driven alpha male who rules by the sheer force of his personality, imposing physique, quick wit, mastery of repartee and almost hypnotic control over his gathering masses of adoring followers. He is Attila to the Huns, Henry V to the outnumbered English army, Winston Churchill to desperate allied forces and now our fearless leader against the pagan forces of progressivism and political correctness. He is the unapologetic, quintessential warrior male of yore capable of vanquishing any and all opposition in his way.”
At the time, many readers saw a grain of truth amid this apparent extravaganza of overstatement. However, after Trump's miraculous and devastating annihilation of Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party on Nov. 8, we see that he has graduated from warrior extraordinaire to warrior king of the United States, the West and indeed the entire free world.
Much to the anguish of infantile and weepy Miley Cyrus, Trump was the proverbial “wrecking ball” who left nothing but rubble and devastation in his relentless and unstoppable march to the White House. He literally vanquished anything and everything in his way in a kind of Sherman's march to the sea – that is, dispatch their enemy personnel, destroy their infrastructure, and make sure that they “never rise again.” Yet, once the enemy is thoroughly nullified, become a compassionate apostle of peace to those living under your new set of rules.
While Hillary was spending millions of dollars on ads and the “ground game” engaging in girlish groupthink and spouting the mantra “stronger together,” Trump was imposing the firepower of his own individual will and intellect upon anything and anyone in his way.
That is the kind of leader our country needs in dealing with the likes of Vladimir Putin, Bashar al-Assad of Syria, the ayatollahs of Iran, the psycho Kim Jong-un of North Korea and most of the world's “not PC” leaders. The last thing we need is a bunch of weepies, emotionally fragile, safe-zone-loving, politically correct “girls” going up against this really bad bunch of dudes. Hillary Clinton and her simplistic “it's my turn” campaign looks downright silly when viewed in the context of our increasingly threatening world ruled by very dangerous and trigger-happy men.
I am personally amazed at how Donald Trump has single-handedly engaged and then prevailed against the numerous forces set against him. Of course, he has been strongly supported by family, a small coterie of followers including Carson, Gingrich, Giuliani, Christie, Priebus and the masterful work of campaign manager Kellyanne Conway. Nevertheless, Trump himself is the fundamental driving force behind the movement- dare I say revolution?
Sixteen very talented and able politicians engaged Trump in the primaries, and he prevailed over all; like yapping dogs the mainstream media has nipped at him incessantly only to be left in complete shambles; Megyn Kelly took a few cheap shots, and now her ratings and future at Fox hang in the balance; a band of “Never Trump” Republicans tried to take him on only to fall in line at the last moment; and, the powerful Marxist and leftist Republic of New York arrayed against Trump and suffered a rare loss.
The most delicious of Trump's devastating victories was over the entire Democratic Party which was left suddenly and ruthlessly leaderless, confused, hopeless and mired in an agonizing world of what might have been. Not only did the party's distaff dreams of a new feminist Eden go up in smoke, but, in bitter irony, the loss is largely attributable to the monumental flaws of Hillary herself and her cheating handmaidens Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Donna Brazile. The party must also ponder whether marriage-challenged Huma Abedin contributed to the loss as well. Try as they may to externalize blame, their wounds were mostly self-inflicted.
Most of the world's powerful leaders are strong men of the warrior class, and they only respect other “warrior kings” with a strong command presence – whether they be a man or a woman. Margaret Thatcher was a tough-as-nails leader who readily earned the respect of her male peers. She did not seek out safe zones, weep and scream when challenged, play the gender card, or have the group mentality of the Hillary crowd. She was not made equal through political correctness; she was equal, and she let everyone know it. When the time comes, I will vote for a woman and lady like that.
I am both relieved and elated that Trump is in a position to restore traditional values, protect Christianity, move the government and country in a conservative direction, drain the swamp of Democratic malfeasance and corruption, put the mainstream media in its place and to finally consign political correctness to the dustbin of history.
Moreover, I am encouraged that the grand warrior king of the East (Putin) is starting out on good terms with his counterpart in the West (Trump), and we should all hope and pray that their pleasant and respectful start will pay positive dividends in the long run.
Location Scouting 101 for Filmmakers “Location, location, location!” has long been the motto for the real estate industry, but it is just as important in filmmaking. Look at its history, could you imagine Lord of the Rings taking place anywhere other than New Zealand's “Middle Earth”? Then there's Central Park in New York City, which has become a cliche as a character in itself. Whether you're working on a Hollywood blockbuster, a tightly budgeted commercial, or helping your niece with her unintentionally surrealist film school project, location scouting is an essential element of filmmaking. What it comes down to is that there's a lot more to location scouting than just finding a pretty place. Here we offer our tips for finding your perfect set, from technical requirements to audio considerations to the basics like washrooms and holding areas. Good luck!
Could you imagine Lord of the Rings taking place anywhere other than New Zealand's “Middle Earth”?
Technical Requirements When picking a location, make sure you consider all things tech-related. Does it have enough power resources? If not, how will using a generator affect the production? Is there room to store equipment? How about a holding area for the extras and actors? You also need to consider noise. If you're filming on a busy street, will you be able to get the sound quality you need? When location scouting, think about how the variables in a location can affect the technical side of things. Storyline Say you're working on a period piece set in the early 1800's. You're filming a woman walking down a brick lane, dressed in Victorian attire and carrying an ornamental parasol. Everything looks authentic until you see that 2003 Honda Civic lurking in the distance. To avoid this kind of mistake, think about how the location lends to the overall storytelling element. Bring What You Need When location scouting, you might need more than just a computer. If you can't bring someone from your tech crew, make sure to carry a tape measure, sound recorder, a light meter and a friend who can act as a stand-in, if needed. If you're really feeling frisky, why not start filming? It might give you a better context than a still.
Make sure to carry a tape measure, sound recorder, a light meter and a friend who can act as a stand-in.
Hour, hour, hour! Make sure you go to your prospective location at the same time of day as when you'll be shooting! Especially if it is outdoor. We're really just stating the obvious here! The Basics If you don't have clean and accessible washrooms, you're going to have a big problem. The same goes for a holding area. For performers, both background and principle, having a designated place off-set are essential. Really, who wants a wandering extra to ruin the money shot?
Sign up for a chance to win $20k in film Gear Create a free Ritual Music account to access our highly curated music library and you could win $20k in film gear. Terms and Conditions apply. Enter the giveaway
Weather Another no-brainer with location scouting. If it's literally going to rain on your staged Mardi Gras parade, how are you going to deal? Think big picture, as even one light shower can send a wardrobe team into panic mode, not to mention equipment that doesn't have proper protection. Apps There are plenty of apps available for location scouting. Scoutt, MapAPic, and LightTrac are just a few of what's on the market these days.
Needless to say, you're going to need permits for certain locations, but if you're doing it guerrilla style, more power
to you!
Permits Needless to say, you're going to need permits for certain locations. Whether you're filming in a public place, a private park, or a busy street, make sure you do your research before committing. If you're doing it guerrilla style, more power to you! Surroundings Last but not least is something you might not think about from the get-go with location scouting. Surrounding businesses, particularly those with large volumes of moving people such as schools, malls, and community centers, could play a huge role in how you shoot. Plan around possible interruptions, because the last thing you need is an entire high school finishing school just as you're shooting that pivotal scene in your Victorian drama you've been working on for five days straight!
As Minneapolis mayoral candidate Mark Andrew's campaign workers prepared to put out lawn signs, longtime political operative Brian Rice sent out an e-mail this summer to rally the staff.
"Soldiers, Sailors and Airmen and Airwomen of the Mark Andrew Expeditionary Forces," he wrote, lifting from General Dwight Eisenhower's message to Allied soldiers before the 1944 invasion of Normandy. "You are about to embark on the Great Crusade … Your enemy is well-trained, well-equipped and battle-hardened having walked out of at least one convention. They will fight savagely."
Well-trained, well-equipped, and battle-hardened are all words that could have described Rice himself, a veteran of political campaigns since he was in elementary school who is playing a part in some of the city's most closely watched campaigns.
The 56-year-old attorney has helped raise money for Andrew and is a strategist behind the campaign of Abdi Warsame, who could be the first Somali-American to win a seat on the City Council in the sixth ward.
Council Member Betsy Hodges, another mayoral candidate, has repeatedly criticized Rice on the campaign trail — and in effect, Andrew — as an obstacle in her efforts toward the 2011 reform of the city pension system that saved millions of dollars, a barb echoed by Mayor R.T. Rybak. Rice represents the city's police and fire unions, in addition to his lucrative work as a lawyer and lobbyist for the Minneapolis Park and Recreation Board and Hennepin County.
Rice "probably has more direct interests with what happens in City Hall than any other individual," Rybak said last week. "Brian doesn't operate in the sunlight, but those of us who know how things work certainly see his hand guiding a lot of the hardball politics that sometimes try to resist change."
While Rice said he sent the e-mail as a tongue-in-cheek gesture, rather than in an effort to compare his opponents to Nazis, he acknowledged that his passion for military history informs his political thinking.
He expounded on the Battle of Gettysburg to fellow DFLer supporters of Mark Dayton's gubernatorial campaign in 2010, suggesting they rerun an earlier ad critical of Republican candidate Tom Emmer in the final days of the race. Up until Gettysburg, he said, the Union Army had suffered repeated defeats by General Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia, but on the last day of the battle their positions reversed, giving them a chance to inflict the same damage to the Confederates that had been done to them.
Likewise, Republicans had for years run hard-hitting ads against DFL candidates, who had not captured the governor's seat in 24 years. Rice called for them to "go with the best weapon we have": running a TV commercial from early in the race in which a client of his whose son was killed by a drunken driver spoke about how Emmer, who had several DWIs, sponsored legislation to reduce penalties for drunken driving.
The year after winning the election, Dayton appointed Rice to the Civil War Commemoration Task Force.
An early start
Rice grew up seeped in politics as the son of state Rep. Jim Rice, a DFLer who represented Minneapolis' North Side.
"Some people read the baseball almanac scores," said Brian Rice. "I read the blue books for election results."
He peddled political literature for former Mayor Al Hofstede and former council President Louis DeMars. By his junior year at DeLaSalle High School, he worked as a City Hall aide to Minneapolis Alderman Dick Miller, addressing complaints about bad landlords and neighbors not mowing the lawn.
Rice was only 14 when he helped John Derus win his first election in 1971, to the City Council. Derus was faring poorly against his opponent and Rice, who knew Derus through his father, told him he would lose because a number of people in the ward were Scandinavian and he was Irish.
Derus was skeptical, but Rice suggested he call up former Gov. Karl Rolvaag, who was of Norwegian descent, to door-knock with him in Scandinavian areas. Rolvaag agreed, and Rice would sit in the living room, poring over numbers and making suggestions about who to talk to based on what block they controlled. Derus wound up winning those precincts and the ward altogether.
"You could tell right away this kid was going to be somebody … He's just a whiz at the mathematics of politics," said Derus. "He's seldom wrong, and he's sought out by people running."
Millions for Park Board work
That political involvement has translated into government work. Rice's largest mark is perhaps on the city Park Board, where he has worked since the mid-1980s and is so immersed in the agency that it pays his firm, Rice Michels & Walther, without using a formal contract. The firm has received $3 million from the Park Board since 2008, and last year alone took in $529,339 in legal fees and $77,869 for lobbying.
Commissioners vote to appoint him as board attorney every year, and approve separate contracts for him to lobby the Legislature. Earlier this year, the board added a contract for about $6,000 for Rice's firm to lobby the federal government, too.
Park Board President John Erwin said Rice's hourly fee has remained the same $125 for more than a decade and that it is far lower than what other firms would charge. Asked whether the board had similar no-contract arrangements with other entities, he said no, but that if Rice ever increased his fees it would prompt the board to re-evaluate his services.
If the board hired new lawyers, "I think we commissioners have concern about the loss of institutional memory or history that we have with this firm," Erwin said.
And he and Rice noted that the Park Board receives significant returns on his lobbying efforts, bringing in $174 million from the State Capitol since he began.
Rice has also contributed thousands to park commissioners' campaigns, but less so in this election cycle. He did give $300 to Erwin, and said that when people ask him for contributions he'll contribute.
Pension battle still roils
But it's his legal and lobbying work on behalf of police and firefighter pension funds that has attracted the most attention in the Minneapolis mayoral race. Hodges has repeatedly slammed him in public as a "middleman" who fought City Hall's efforts to reform the pension system.
The city sued the closed funds in 2006, claiming they had improperly padded pensions to retirees and their survivors and seeking to retrieve $52 million. The dispute ended in 2011, when an agreement was reached entailing legislative approval to merge those funds with a statewide fund.
Rice disputed charges by Hodges and Rybak that he had obstructed pension reform, saying he had actually worked with the city and Legislature on the final compromise.
"My job is to represent my clients … in the end we found a solution that was good for everyone," said Rice.
Tension remains high about the state takeover of the pension fund and who played what role. In a Facebook conversation this weekend, House Speaker Paul Thissen, DFL-Minneapolis, rose to Rice's defense, suggesting that everyone "look carefully" at how the bills were passed. "It doesn't result from people unwilling to compromise and grandstand. It happens because of a willingness to compromise," he wrote.
Warsame supporter
In recent years, Rice has worked on the campaigns of state Reps. Phyllis Kahn and Kari Dziedzic, in addition to U.S. Rep. Rick Nolan.
It was on Dziedzic's campaign in a 2012 special election when he met Warsame, who was campaigning for Dziedzic's opponent, another Somali-American named Mohamud Noor. Noor lost the primary, but Rice was impressed by the turnout of East African immigrants his campaign had produced.
He later sat down with Warsame and suggested he advocate for a ward with more East Africans in it during the city redistricting process, when ward boundaries are redrawn to account for population changes. Warsame and his allies succeeded, and Rice was one of the few non-East Africans in the room by the end of the Sixth Ward council convention in which Warsame won the DFL nomination in April.
"He picks winners," said Warsame, as he stressed that the main work of mobilizing East African voters has been his own.
Rice also met with Andrew at Elsie's bowling alley in northeast Minneapolis when he first decided he would run for mayor, helping him draft a list of the influential people whose support he should seek out. While Rice has helped with fundraisers and been a supporter, he insists there are at least 15 other people more important than him on the Andrew team.
His reported influence, however, recently caught the attention of underdog mayoral candidate Cam Winton, who at a debate last week urged people to look into whether Rice was organizing "independent expenditures" on behalf of a candidate who he later clarified was Andrew.
Not true, said Rice.
"If I did one-eighth of what everybody says I do," he said, "I'm really an amazing human being."
Notice This archive of previously issued food recalls and allergy alerts is provided for reference and research purposes. Users should note that the products listed in the archive have been subject to removal from the marketplace or appropriate corrective action. Food recalls or allergy alerts are not an indication of the food safety status of products produced at a later date.
Updated Food Recall Warning - Various brands of flour and flour products recalled due to E. coli O121
Recall date: May 26, 2017 Reason for recall: Microbiological - E. coli O121 Hazard classification: Class 2 Company / Firm: Ardent Mills Distribution: National Extent of the distribution: Retail Reference number: 11434
Recall details Ottawa, May 26, 2017 - The food recall warning issued on May 11, 2017 has been updated to include additional product information. This additional information was identified during the Canadian Food Inspection Agency's ( CFIA ) food safety investigation. Ardent Mills is recalling various brands of flour and flour products due to possible E. coli O121 contamination. Consumers should not consume the recalled products described below.
Recalled products Brand Name Common Name Size Code(s) on Product UPC Creative Baker All Purpose Flour 10 kg Lot codes containing:
6 285 SK and 2017 OC 11
6 286 SK and 2017 OC 12
6 312 SK and 2017 NO 07
6 313 SK and 2017 NO 08 6 28622 10180 8 Creative Baker All Purpose Flour 20 kg Lot codes containing:
6 293 SK and 2017 OC 19
6 309 SK and 2017 NO 04 6 28622 10142 6 Creative Baker Whole Wheat Flour 10 kg Lot codes containing:
6 280 SK and 2017 AL 06
6 307 SK and 2017 MA 02
6 308 SK and 2017 MA 03 6 28622 10131 0 Brodie Self Raising Cake & Pastry Flour 1 kg Lot codes containing:
6 313 548 and 2018 FE 08
6 314 548 and 2018 FE 09 0 59000 01484 5 Brodie Self Raising Cake & Pastry Flour 2.5 kg Lot codes containing:
6 294 548 and 2018 JA 20
6 294 548 and 2018 JA 21 0 59000 01482 1 Golden Temple No. 1 Fine Durum Atta Flour Blend 9 kg Lot codes containing:
6 286 548 and 2018 JA 12
6 287 548 and 2018 JA 13
6 299 548 and 2018 JA 25
6 300 548 and 2018 JA 26 0 59000 11541 2 Golden Temple Durum Atta Flour Blend 9 kg Lot codes containing:
6 278 548 and 2018 JA 04
6 279 548 and 2018 JA 05
6 293 548 and 2018 JA 19
6 294 548 and 2018 JA 20
6 306 548 and 2018 FE 01 0 59000 11544 3 Golden Temple Atta Wheat Flour 9 kg Lot codes containing:
6 279 548 and 2018 JA 05
6 280 548 and 2018 JA 06
6 292 548 and 2018 JA 1 8
6 293 548 and 2018 JA 19 0 59000 11545 0 Golden Temple Sooji Creamy Wheat 2 kg Lot codes containing:
6 293 548 and 2018 JA 19
6 312 548 and 2018 FE 07
6 313 548 and 2018 FE 08 0 59000 01552 1 Purity Wheatlets 550 g Lot codes containing:
6 317 548 and 2018 FE 12
6 318 548 and 2018 FE 13 0 59000 03968 8 Robin Hood All Purpose Flour, Original 1 kg Lot codes containing:
6 312 548 and 2018 MA 07
6 313 548 and 2018 MA 08 0 59000 01632 0 Robin Hood All Purpose Flour, Original 2.5 kg Lot codes containing:
6 278 548 and 2018 AL 04
6 279 548 and 2018 AL 05
6 280 548 and 2018 AL 06
6 296 548 and 2018 AL 22
6 297 548 and 2018 AL 23
6 298 548 and 2018 AL 24
6 310 548 and 2018 MA 05
6 311 548 and 2018 MA 06
6 319 548 and 2018 MA 14 0 59000 01658 0 Robin Hood All Purpose Flour, Original 5 kg Lot codes containing:
6 305 548 and 2018 AL 30
6 306 548 and 2018 MA 01
6 317 548 and 2018 MA 12
6 318 548 and 2018 MA 13 0 59000 01654 2 Robin Hood All Purpose Flour, Original 10 kg Lot codes containing:
6 292 548 and 2018 AL 18
6 295 548 and 2018 AL 21
6 298 548 and 2018 AL 24
6 301 548 and 2018 AL 27
6 305 548 and 2018 AL 30
6 306 548 and 2018 MA 01
6 308 548 and 2018 MA 03
6 309 548 and 2018 MA 04
6 312 548 and 2018 MA 07
6 313 548 and 2018 MA 08
6 314 548 and 2018 MA 09
6 319 548 and 2018 MA 14 0 59000 01652 8 Robin Hood All Purpose Flour, Unbleached 2.5 kg Lot codes containing:
6 297 548 and 2018 AL 23
6 298 548 and 2018 AL 24
6 308 548 and 2018 MA 03
6 309 548 and 2018 MA 04 0 59000 01659 7 Robin Hood All Purpose Flour, Unbleached 5 kg Lot codes containing:
6 302 548 and 2018 AL 28
6 303 548 and 2018 AL 29
6 304 548 and 2018 AL 30
6 317 548 and 2018 MA 12 0 59000 01685 6 Robin Hood All Purpose Flour, Whole Wheat 2.5 kg Lot codes containing:
6 285 548 and 2018 JA 11
6 286 548 and 2018 JA 12
6 295 548 and 2018 JA 21
6 296 548 and 2018 JA 22
6 309 548 and 2018 FE 04
6 310 548 and 2018 FE 05 0 59000 01510 1 Robin Hood Best for Bread Flour Homestyle White 5 kg Lot codes containing:
6 303 548 and 2018 AL 29
6 314 548 and 2018 MA 09
6 316 548 and 2018 MA 11
6 317 548 and 2018 MA 12 0 59000 01519 4 Robin Hood Best for Bread Blend Multigrain 5 kg Lot codes containing:
6 302 548 and 2018 JA 28
6 303 548 and 2018 JA 29 0 59000 01521 7 Robin Hood Best for Blending Flour 2.5 kg Lot codes containing:
6 319 548 and 2018 FE 14
6 320 548 and 2018 FE 15 0 59000 01534 7 Robin Hood All Purpose Flour, Whole Wheat 5 kg Lot codes containing:
6 302 548 and 2018 JA 28 0 59000 01684 9 Robin Hood Bread and Roll Mix Homestyle White 1.36 kg Lot codes containing:
6 293 548 and 2017 AU 19
6 294 548 and 2017 AU 20
6 295 548 and 2017 AU 21
6 298 548 and 2017 AU 24
6 299 548 and 2017 AU 25 0 59000 00238 5 Robin Hood Easy Blend Flour 450 g Lot codes containing:
7018628 and 2018 AL 18
7019628 and 2018 AL 19
7020628 and 2018 AL 20
7022628 and 2018 AL 22
7023628 and 2018 AL 23
7024628 and 2018 AL 24
7025628 and 2018 AL 25 0 59000 03502 4 Robin Hood All Purpose Flour, Original 1.8 kg Lot codes containing:
6 334 623 05 and 2018 MA 29
6 335 623 05 and 2018 MA 30
6 336 623 05 and 2018 JN 01
6 337 623 0 5 and 2018 JN 02
7 024 623 05 and 2018 JL 24
7 026 623 05 and 2018 JL 26 0 59000 01823 2
What you should do If you think you became sick from consuming a recalled product, call your doctor. Check to see if you have recalled products in your home. Recalled products should be thrown out or returned to the store where they were purchased. It is not safe to taste or eat raw dough or batter regardless of the type of flour used, as raw flour can be contaminated with harmful bacteria such as E. coli O121. Food contaminated with E. coli O121 may not look or smell spoiled but can still make you sick. Symptoms can include nausea, vomiting, mild to severe abdominal cramps and watery to bloody diarrhea. In severe cases of illness, some people may have seizures or strokes, need blood transfusions and kidney dialysis or live with permanent kidney damage. In severe cases of illness, people may die. Learn more about the health risks
Sign up for recall notifications by email, follow us on Twitter, or join the CFIA community on Facebook
community on Facebook View our detailed explanation of the food safety investigation and recall process
Background This recall was triggered by findings by the CFIA during its investigation into a foodborne illness outbreak. The CFIA is conducting a food safety investigation, which may lead to the recall of other products. If other high-risk products are recalled, the CFIA will notify the public through updated Food Recall Warnings. The CFIA is verifying that industry is removing recalled products from the marketplace.
Illnesses There have been reported illnesses associated with flour; however, at this time, there have been no confirmed illnesses associated with the products identified in this Food Recall Warning.
Media enquiries CFIA Media Relations 613-773-6600
Praise be to Allaah.
The punishment for apostasy from the religion of Islam is execution. Allaah says (interpretation of the meaning):
“And whosoever of you turns back from his religion and dies as a disbeliever, then his deeds will be lost in this life and in the Hereafter, and they will be the dwellers of the Fire. They will abide therein forever”
[al-Baqarah 2:217]
And it was proven that the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) said: “Whoever changes his religion, execute him.” Narrated by al-Bukhaari in his Saheeh. What this hadeeth means is that whoever leaves Islam and changes to another religion and persists in that and does not repent, is to be executed. It was also proven that the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) said: “It is not permissible to shed the blood of a person who bears witness that there is no god but Allaah and that I am the Messenger of Allaah except in three cases: a life for a life, a previously-married person who commits adultery, and one who leaves Islam and forsakes the jamaa'ah.” Narrated by al-Bukhaari and Muslim.
This harsh punishment is for a number of reasons:
1 – This punishment is a deterrent to anyone who wants to enter Islam just to follow the crowd or for hypocritical purposes. This will motivate him to examine the matter thoroughly and not to proceed unless he understands the consequences of that in this world and in the Hereafter. The one who announces his Islam has agreed to adhere to all the rulings of Islam of his own free will and consent, one of which rulings are that he is to be executed if he apostatizes from the faith.
2 – The one who announces his Islam has joined the jamaa'ah (main body) of the Muslims, and whoever joins the main body of the Muslims is required to be completely loyal and to support it and protect it against anything that may lead to fitnah or destroy it or cause division. Apostasy from Islam means forsaking the jamaa'ah and its divine order, and has a harmful effect on it. Execution is the greatest deterrent that will prevent people from committing such a crime.
3 – Those Muslims who are weak in faith and others who are against Islam may think that the apostate has only left Islam because of what he has found out about its real nature, because if it were the truth then he would never have turned away from it. So they learn from him all the doubts, lies and fabrications which are aimed at extinguishing the light of Islam and putting people off from it. In this case executing the apostate is obligatory, in order to protect the true religion from the defamation of the liars and to protect the faith of its adherents and remove obstacles from the path of those who are entering the faith.
4 – We also say that the death penalty exists in the modern laws of man to protect the system from disorder in some situation and to protect society against certain crimes which may cause its disintegration, such as drugs etc. If execution can serve as a deterrent to protect man-made systems, then it is more appropriate that the true religion of Allaah, which Falsehood cannot come to it from before it or behind it [cf. Fussilat 41:42], and which is all goodness, happiness and tranquility in this world and in the Hereafter should punish those who commit acts of aggression against it and seek to extinguish its light and defame its image, and who fabricate lies against it to justify their apostasy and deviation.
Fataawa al-Lajnah al-Daa'imah, 21/234-231.
(Photo: Shutterstock.com)
The Arkansas Supreme Court ruled late last week that birth certificates for children of same-sex couples will not be allowed to list the names of both parents.
According to Reuters, the ruling puts an end to the fairly brief amount of time that same-sex couples were allowed the same parental rights as the children of heterosexual couples.
“For a relatively brief moment in 2015 and 2016, same-sex parents in Arkansas were allowed to list their names on their children's birth certificates—a decision that came after three lesbian couples sued the state's health department in summer 2015,” wrote Glamour magazine's Erin Reimal.
On Thursday, the state Supreme Court ruled that even if a child is legally adopted by same-sex parents, their birth certificate will bear the names of the child's biological parents, which the conservative court majority called “basic biological truth.”
“In the situation involving the female spouse of a biological mother, the female spouse does not have the same biological nexus to the child that the biological mother or the biological father has,” wrote Supreme Court Associate Judge Jo Hart in the ruling.
Arkansas Associate Justice Paul Danielson wrote in his dissent that the court's ruling on this matter is “simply and demonstrably wrong” and stands athwart federal law, which says a child's parents must be listed on their birth certificate, even if they are not biologically related as per the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling 2015 ruling on same-sex marriage.
A lucky couple in the UK county of Lancashire is set to make a boatload of money for a chunk of whale vomit (what the scientists like to call ambergris), which they discovered while strolling along Middleton Sands Beach.
Gary and Angela Williams are hoping they can repeat the success of the last whale vomit sale, when a buyer coughed up £120,000 (US$170,000).
Ambergris is a highly-sought-after perfume ingredient, despite its natural stench, described by Gary Williams in the Mirror as “a cross between squid and farmyard manure.”
How often do people take home what they think is valuable whale vomit, but it turns out to just be some disgusting stuff they found seaside? — Austin Ramzy (@austinramzy) April 13, 2016
“It feels like a rock-hard rubber ball. Its texture is like wax, like a candle. When you touch it, you get wax sticking to your fingers,” he added.
READ MORE: Thames Monster? ‘Nessie' speculation rife as mysterious creature spotted in London (VIDEO, POLL)
Weighing 1.57kg (3.4lbs), the lump isn't a by-product of a massive all-nighter under the sea, but rather the indigestible leftovers of squid that got trapped in a sperm whale's intestines and eventually comes out “saturated with feces,” explains Christopher Kemp, author of ‘Floating Gold: A Natural (and Unnatural) History of Ambergris'.
Couple stunned after stumbling across chunk of WHALE VOMIT on beach - and it could be worth £50,000 pic.twitter.com/SF2Jb7T8UT — Ｈｅａｔｈｅｒ (@itsrealH) April 13, 2016
More than half the size of the ambergris found in nearby Morecambe three years ago and sold for £120,000, the Williams are currently in talks with potential buyers in both France and New Zealand and stand to sell their lump for around £50,000.
Why is it called whale vomit and not Moby sick? https://t.co/H0TJPrjpqS — Dubious Genius (@dubiousgenius) April 13, 2016
While human vomit lines the streets of several UK towns every weekend, only 1 percent of the world's 350,000 sperm whales part with their pricey ‘pearls'.
READ MORE: Mysterious massive stone ball discovered by Bosnian ‘Indiana Jones' (VIDEO, POLL)
Kenny Omega [Tyson Smith] is from Transcona, Winnipeg. He calls himself “The Cleaner” He is is fluent in Japanese and currently lives in Katsushika ward in the east end of Tokyo. Some of his finishing moves were known as Croyt's Wrath, Katayoku no Tenshi | One-Winged Angel and the V-Trigger.
Wrestling Promotions
He wrestled in WWE's developmental promotion Deep South Wrestling (DSW) from 2005 to 2006. It was stated the most positive experience he had with the WWE was being able to train with Dave Taylor.
In 2007, Kenny Omega made his debut for Pro Wrestling Syndicate. From 2008 to the present, Omega has wrestled for Ring of Honor (ROH), Dramatic Dream Team/DDT Pro-Wrestling, Pro Wrestling Guerrilla, and New Japan Pro Wrestling.
The Bullet Club
Omega is a member of Bullet Club and has served as the stable's fourth and current leader since January 5, 2016, following the departur e of the previous leader A.J. Styles. He is also one third of the Bullet Club sub-group The Elite, along with The Young Bucks (Matt Jackson and Nick Jackson).
Omega took the leadership from Styles. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FS3a_BVkZt4
By the way, Omega cuts some of the best promos:
Legacy
I read that the WWE made three attempts to bring in Kenny Omega and was turned down each time. Omega's career is flourishing with NJPW and he will likely add to his stellar accomplishments.
Article in the Inquisitr reported,
“the WWE is confident they can sign him in 2017, according to Daily Wrestling News. WWE is reportedly very high on the man known as The Cleaner and would like to bring him whenever possible. It is being said that this is a Triple H move, which means he is higher on Omega than most anyone and would probably be the one trying to talk to him when he becomes available.
An article on WrestlingInc.com by Renjith Ravindran, recaps an interview by Sports Illustrated with New Japan Pro Wrestling head-booker Gedo where he compared the NJPW product to WWE product, talked about Kenny Omega being better than AJ Styles.
“Kenny Omega has everything. I think he's better than AJ Styles. He's so good and one of the best in the world—and he's unbelievably physical. Kenny Omega is no longer a junior heavyweight, he's one of the best,”
In an article posted on ESPN, Omega was quoted:
“I loved Japanese culture before even realizing it was, in fact, Japanese culture,” Omega said. “The cartoons and anime I was watching as a child, my favorite video games and even in pro wrestling — my favorite wrestlers and matches originated in Japan. Learning Japanese was certainly a task, but my passion for the culture, as well as my will to communicate with fans and friends, always encouraged me to continue.” “Truthfully, I wanted to be heavyweight [champion], but with the belt I had a responsibility as champion, as a foreigner in Japan and even as a member of Bullet Club,” Omega said. “Although I was proud of all my defenses, the total package never felt like it truly came together until my last defense at the Tokyo Dome.” “The last thing I wanted to be known as was a transition guy, or just some foreign dude that had the belt until someone else won it.” “Part of what makes my character work is the delivery of the truth behind my comments. It's easy to make rude comments simply for the sake of being rude, but I'd much rather go a more psychological route. When you consider some of the things I said, yes, you can say I'm an asshole, but I'm not wrong.” “I'm very proud to say I have won six match of the year awards in Japan. I main-evented a sold-out Budokan Arena show, I participated in the first-ever ladder match in NJPW, made the transition from junior to heavyweight and earned a G1 win with a series full of performances that I'm personally very proud of.” “Any time I broke through the ‘glass ceiling' by accomplishing things that foreigners weren't apparently able to do, they've been huge personal victories and career highlights for me.”
Kenny Omega is amazing.
‘Modern day HBK' – Dave Meltzer
Advertisements
President Trump listens as Attorney General Jeff Sessions, newly sworn in by Vice President Pence, speaks inthe Oval Office in February. Sessions has announced that the Justice Department is seeking to curb affirmative action in a university admissions case. (Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP)
Attorney General Jeff Sessions's internal announcement indicating that the Justice Department is seeking to curb affirmative action in a university admissions case has roused President Trump's conservative base by seizing on a longtime grievance of the right at a moment when the administration is struggling to fulfill core Republican promises.
Sessions's apparent intention to prohibit “intentional race-based discrimination” is also a window into the direction he is pulling the department's Civil Rights Division in his effort to reverse Obama administration policies on a range of issues, including criminal justice, policing and voting rights.
For a Republican Party still searching for consensus in the Trump era, Sessions's moves signal that the administration is embracing the base during a time of turbulence and tension, with heavy attention being paid to the concerns of the white voters who lifted Trump into the presidency.
When Trump publicly attacked Sessions last week for his decision to recuse himself from the Russia probe, conservative groups and Republican lawmakers swiftly rallied to the attorney general's defense. They argued Sessions — more than any other Cabinet member — has delivered quickly and concretely on Trump's priorities, from his crackdown on illegal immigration and sanctuary cities to his overhaul of the department's criminal-charging policy.
John F. Kelly, the new White House chief of staff, called Sessions on Saturday, the day after he was appointed, to assure him that his position as attorney general is safe and to tell him that the Trump White House supports his work and wants him to continue, according to two people familiar with the conversation. Although the president is still unhappy with Sessions, Kelly told him that Trump does not plan to fire him or want him to resign, the person said. Kelly's call came after a week of criticism in interviews and tweets by Trump of his attorney general.
(Claritza Jimenez/The Washington Post)
Some Republican operatives also see the affirmative action initiative as a strategic play by the White House to rally middle-class and upper-middle-class white voters, especially as the Republican agenda on Capitol Hill has stalled.
“This touches a lot of issues and talks right to the folks who look at college admissions and believe slots for their kids are being taken, whether it's by illegal immigrants or by other groups,” said Brett O'Donnell, a veteran Republican consultant. “It strikes to the heart of how they feel college is increasingly unaffordable and sometimes impossible to get into.”
Linda Chavez, the founder and chairman of the conservative Center for Equal Opportunity and the former head of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights under President Ronald Reagan, called opposition to race-based affirmative action “a long-standing conservative approach.”
“It isn't just white students who are excluded,” Chavez said. “Probably the biggest group of people who are affected by this are Asian students. But, it also isn't a service to the students who get admitted under those different qualifications because many of them struggle.”
Polling reflects the unease among Trump voters. A Washington Post-ABC News poll last year showed 44 percent of registered voters who supported Trump saw “whites losing out because of preferences for blacks and Hispanics” as a bigger problem than minorities “losing out.”
[Discrimination against whites was a core concern of Trump's base]
Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said in a statement, “Press reports regarding the personnel posting in the Civil Rights Division have been inaccurate. The posting sought volunteers to investigate one administrative complaint filed by a coalition of 64 Asian American associations in May 2015 that the prior Administration left unresolved. The complaint alleges racial discrimination against Asian Americans in a university's admissions policy and practices.”
(Monica Akhtar,Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
She continued, “This Department of Justice has not received or issued any directive, memorandum, initiative, or policy related to university admissions in general. The Department of Justice is committed to protecting all Americans from all forms of illegal race-based discrimination.”
But two people familiar with discussions in the Civil Rights Division said the announcement came after career staffers who specialize in education issues refused to work on the investigation out of concerns it was contrary to the division's long-standing approach to civil rights in education.
Civil rights groups Wednesday lashed out at the initiative and said Sessions may be trying to end college affirmative action programs that allow schools to promote more diversity on campus by considering race in college applications. For generations, up until the mid-1960s, African Americans were systematically denied admission to universities, they said.
“Affirmative action is rooted in our nation's fundamental commitment to equality, a commitment this administration woefully lacks and has expressed hostility toward,” said Sherrilyn Ifill, president and director-counsel of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund.
“Attorney General Sessions reportedly intends to waste taxpayer resources re-litigating last year's Supreme Court ruling upholding decades of precedent in favor of affirmative action in higher education,” Ifill said.
In two cases, the Supreme Court has ruled that schools have a compelling interest in creating a diverse student body and may use race as one of multiple factors in admissions decisions. In June 2016, the court ruled 4 to 3 that a race-conscious admissions policy at the University of Texas was constitutional.
Critics of affirmative action say the Supreme Court rulings have left an opening to challenge race-conscious policies, and federal cases are pending against Harvard College and the University of North Carolina.
Both cases allege that race-
conscious admissions policies result in discrimination against Asian American applicants.
“Affirmative action in America today is no longer a black-white issue. We are a multiracial, multiethnic nation,” said Edward Blum, president of the anti-affirmative-action Project on Fair Representation. He played a key role in bringing the Texas case to the Supreme Court and has brought the two cases that challenge admissions policies at Harvard and UNC.
Blum said he hopes one or both cases will eventually reach the Supreme Court and he would welcome the Trump administration's support.
[Trump administration reopens volatile debate over race and college admissions]
Sessions has long faced questions about his attitudes and actions regarding racial justice. In 1986, a Republican-led Senate committee rejected his nomination by Reagan for a federal judgeship amid allegations of racism. In January, civil rights groups spoke out against his nomination during a bitter confirmation hearing. For the first time, a sitting senator, Cory Booker (D-N.J.), testified against Sessions, focusing on his civil rights record.
It is unclear how much Sessions has communicated with Trump, if at all, on affirmative action, according to White House officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss internal conversations. They instead pointed to the attorney general's activities on combating gangs, illegal immigration and now affirmative action as part of an ongoing effort to recover his personal and political capital with the president.
[For Trump and Sessions, a warm beginning turned into an icy standoff ]
Still, two White House advisers — chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon and senior policy adviser Stephen Miller, whom Trump calls “my two Steves” — are passionate supporters of the hard-line ideology that is shaping Sessions's priorities as attorney general, and they both have a history of criticizing affirmative action.
When Miller was a student at Duke University in 2006, he wrote that “so-called affirmative action” is a “devastating, paternalistic policy endorsed by white liberals more concerned with how they look to their elitist friends than to the well-being of the minorities they claim to want to help.”
Bannon oversaw Breitbart, the conservative news site, when it ran headlines asserting that affirmative action “humiliates blacks.”
Bannon and Miller echo the president's instincts about what his base — which Trump calls “my people” — wants from the administration: a mix of grievance-
infused politics, populism and hostility toward anything viewed as “politically correct.”
Read more:
Trump's pick for attorney general is shadowed by race and history
Sessions issues sweeping new criminal charging policy
Emma Brown and Devlin Barrett contributed to this report.
Ekaterina Petrovna Zamolodchikova or just Katya is an authentic and atypical american drag queen character played by Brian McCook. Katya participated in a very popular LGBT reality show, RuPaul Drag Queen Race on Logo TV. Not long after the show began, she was one of the most popular contestants for season 7. Katya performs songs of many popular Russian singers and bands, such as Alla Pugacheva, TATU, GlukOZA and many more. Because of her spectacular performances, these songs have drawn a lot of attention in gay clubs worldwide. How did Brian come up with this “So-Russian” character? What is it like being an american, transforming into a Russian woman everyday? What actually lies behind the “happy” drag queen mask? Read on to find out.
How did you come up with Ekaterina Petrovna Zamolodchikova character? What story lies behind that name?
It's just a composite of some typical Russian names and one of my favorite Russian gymnast – Elena Zamolodchikova. I also like the last name because it's very long and impossible for Americans to pronounce!
How many times have you tried to say “Zamolodchikova” until you said it right?
I got it right the first time! Ha ha!
Where is Katya from?
Katya is the character that was born in Odessa, Ukraine and then has been raised in Moscow.
Has she changed since she moved to the US?
She is a lot happier now; because she feels that in the United States she is allowed to express the full spectrum of her sexuality (she's bisexual!).
In fact, you aren't of Russian origin. Where and why did you pick up this interest in Russian language and culture?
I've always loved foreign languages. I became very proficient in French, and then decided I wanted to try and learn another language that was very different. I've always loved the way Russian language sounds, so I chose that! I also became very interested in Russian literature. I love Tolstoy, Bunin, Bulgakov and I adore the poems of Akhmatova.
Did you read those books in Russian or in English?
I read them in English! My Russian language comprehension is not good enough to allow me to read these masters' works in their native language.
Were you able to understand the meaning of «mysterious Russian soul»?
In many ways, I feel like I have a mysterious Russian soul! Well I've always had a tendency to relate to everything in life to some kind of deeper, spiritual or philosophical importance. And also the darkness of Katya's character is that she is always finding the deepest meaning in suffering. There is a quote by Dostoevsky, which describes this perfectly: “The most basic, most rudimentary spiritual need of the Russian people is the need for suffering, ever-present and unquenchable, everywhere and in everything.” This is what inspires Katya, a very dark point of the world, through a lens of suffering, but it's balanced with a silliness and absurdity.
Is there anything that you completely don't get in Russians? Have you ever happened to think: «Why in the world that people are doing this or that?»
I was disheartened and a bit confused by the legislation in Russia towards the acknowledgment of homosexuality. But this kind of homophobic mindset is everywhere, which is very very sad!
Have you ever been to Russia?
I have not. I am dying to go!
What are the resemblances and differences between Brian and Katya?
Katya is a lot more mysterious, sexual, and sweaty. We're both pretty weird though.
There's an opinion that often in real life behind the clown's mask is hidden a sad and lonely person. How would you describe yourself when you are being yourself and not in the character of Katya? What is Brian like when he is alone and not playing a role?
I definitely relate to the whole “sad clown” cliché. I guess it's a cliché for a reason! Although, when I'm not in character, most of the time I'm very happy and positive, but I have moments of very dark sadness, doubt and loneliness. But I think Katya has helped me, as Brian, become more comfortable!
As I know, you are a big fan of Russian show biz? Who is your favorite Russian artist? What Russian songs do you lip-sync on your shows? What is your favorite song?
For many years I have only listened to Russian music. I love Alla Pugacheva, of course, and I have lip-synced to many of her songs. I saw her concert in Boston a few years ago, and it was magical. I also love Glukoza, Irina Allegrova, Verka Serduchka, Pelageya, Filipp Kirkorov, Valeriy Meladze, Kristina Orbakaite… Actually, the list goes on and on! Kirkorov did a Russian-language version of the musical “Chicago” that, I think, is better than the American version! I can't pick a favorite though – there are too many of them.
Questions to you as an American who is into Russian culture: what are the differences that you see between Russians and Americans?
Russians are a lot more blunt. I frequently come in contact with the older generation who moved to Boston and who seemed to have preserved their Russian culture here in the States. They are direct and can seem cold, but I like it. They are not fake. They can come off as a bit rude sometimes, but when they smile, their smiles light up the room.
So you're saying that Americans are fake?
Some are! Not everyone, of course, but it's rare to find this directness, at least where I'm from.
You took part in RPDQR casting four times. How did you get into Season 7? Choosing between all 7 seasons, what season would you be in? What is your favorite season?
During my most recent audition I said to myself that that would be my last time auditioning, and I got it! This is by far my favorite season, and it's exactly where I belong. There are so many different types of characters; it's very refreshing.
What qualities in Katya made her #1 (according to fans ratings) among all drag queens in season 7?
I think what sets me apart is my unique sense of humor. You get a taste of this on the show, but it really comes across in my YouTube series. Also, I'm really honest, maybe, too honest HAHAHA, and I think people find that relatable. And I'm a nice person – it is not a very sexy thing for a reality competition show, but I really loved all the girls and still do, and was just so in awe of their talents. I also think that I straddled the line between two very distinct camps in season 7, especially among the top 5: Pearl and Violet were incredible on the runway, and Ginger and Kennedy were incredible in the challenges. I think for the most part, I did a very good job in both (besides episode 11 – yikes!)
Has your life changed after the show? Has your personality changed?
Things have already changed so much, and we're not even halfway through the show. I have been traveling all over the country, and I have been getting a great response. Also, Russian people have been very excited to see me perform Russian songs, and that makes me very happy.
What have you learned from your experience on TV? How does it feel seeing yourself on TV?
I have learned not to doubt myself, and not to hold anything back. It's very strange to see myself on TV. I become shy when I watch myself. It's very surreal.
So now that you've been on a reality show, how real is that? Or is it all scripted?
People say all the time that it's scripted or heavily edited, but for me everything is as real as it can be. It truly is a reality show, just with sound effects.
As a matter of fact, the more you show up on TV, the more you are becoming popular. But it seems that the popularity of reality show participants is dropping down right after the last episode of the show. What do you think about that? Do you have an idea of how to keep your popularity?
I'm trying to take advantage of the exposure to keep people interested in what I do. This is the purpose of my video series on my YouTube channel “welovekatya”. Each week I release a video called “RuGRETS” which is a self-deprecating treatment of the things that I regret from the show and also from my life – just a funny, light-hearted way of summarizing each episode. Then I have “RuFLECTIONS” which is a chance to show more of my Russian character. It's more mysterious, absurd, and, of course, very silly, which is exactly how I would describe myself in drag. You should check them out! I hope to film an episode in Moscow one day.
Russia in your videos is very dark, depressed and kind of gothic country. Do you really see Russia this way or is it what your audience wishes to see?
I think it plays off how America views Russia, but I also like to add elements of absurdist humor and nonsensical philosophical musings, because I don't want to just reinforce Cold War stereotypes of the way Americans view Russia.
When did you understand that you would take a career of a drag queen? And why have you chosen that path?
I didn't plan it at all! It almost started as a joke. I was in art school, and I decided to play a Russian character to host a show. I modeled it after my Russian language teacher. And then I ended up really liking this character so I performed in drag shows and became popular!
Drag Queen is your lifetime career or maybe one day you decide to do something else? If yes, what would it be?
I would like to do this for a while, but in a bigger capacity. I would like to develop more characters, and I would love to have my own television show.
Was your family supportive from the beginning?
They are extremely supportive. I am so grateful and lucky to have their support. They are cheering me on very enthusiastically.
Do they come to your shows?
They have been to my show several times. They are absolutely wonderful. And, of course, they are very excited to watch me on Drag Race!
There are quite a lot of people out there saying and thinking: “I don't get it. Why in the world a man would dress up into a woman?”… What would be your response to those people? Would you be able to explain that? Maybe even change their mind?
It's just another form of comedy, and entertainment, and performance art. It's like clowning, or acting, or even stripping! Also, drag queens have always been the mascots for the gay population. They are a colorful embodiment of the fun, intelligence, subversive humor and creativity that have long been a signature of the gay community.
You are an artist, a comical character. Your audience is always wanting you to make them laugh. What do you do if you are not in the mood and it's your turn to get on the stage?
Sometimes I'm not in the mood before the show, but as soon as I get on stage that changes and I always try my best.
Has it ever happened to you when you are on the stage and performing, but the audience just “isn't behaving”? What are you doing to get their attention back on you?
I usually scream or throw something at them! HAHA
How much time does it take to turn from Brian to Katya? (makeup, costumes…)
I like to have 2 hours to transform.
Who is the most gorgeous woman in the world?
Svetlana Khorkina. 🙂
What Katya can do and Brian can't?
It's all mostly sexual, and too lurid to print here. Send me a message on Twitter @katya_zamo, and I'll tell you! 🙂
Andre Akimov (instagram: andre_akimov), Konstantin Voronov
photo: Sean M Johnson
$2M in repairs done at Pleasure Beach breakwaters
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has provided $2 million to repair the breakwaters off of Pleasure Beach in Bridgeport, Conn. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has provided $2 million to repair the breakwaters off of Pleasure Beach in Bridgeport, Conn. Photo: Contributed Photo Photo: Contributed Photo Image 1 of / 39 Captions Close $2M in repairs done at Pleasure Beach breakwaters 1 / 39 Back to Gallery
BRIDGEPORT -- The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers provided $2 million to repair the breakwaters off Pleasure Beach, city officials said Monday.
The repairs along the beach will protect the 71-acre barrier island from erosion and storm damage. The work has been completed ahead of this year's beach season.
"Last year, we reopened Pleasure Beach to the public after decades of closure and neglect," Finch said. "Now, we're seeing further investment that will help safeguard the barrier island and the thousands of visitors who enjoy this newly reopened gem in our city."
U.S. Rep. Jim Himes and U.S. Sens. Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy, all Democrats, worked to secure the federal grant, said Brett Broesder, spokesman for Mayor Bill Finch.
An amusement park had operated at Pleasure Beach from the 1890s until 1966; the only bridge providing visitor access burned 30 years later.
Access was restored last summer via free water taxis, and Finch said more than 25,000 people visited the restored and rebuilt facilities.
Damage from Superstorm Sandy in 2012 affected about 4,500 lineal feet of the breakwater. The repairs were funded from the Disaster Relief Appropriations Act of 2013, according to a statement from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
The work is part of a $7.4 million project to rebuild breakwaters in Bridgeport and New Haven, federal officials said. Bridgeport Harbor may also be dredged as part of a separate project, the army engineers said in a news release.
A preliminary assessment concluded that the work is justified, but is awaiting a plan to relocate the dredged material.
The Bridgeport breakwaters were originally authorized in 1790, Broesder said, and the last known update was in the 1800s.
In 1892, Bridgeport took ownership of Pleasure Beach after annexing the island from West Stratford, Broesder said.
fjuliano@ctpost.com, @FrankJuliano
There were almost $19 worth of insider stock sales in October for every $1 of insider buys, according to market research firm TrimTabs. That was the most aggressive pace since February.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Stocks may have put up their best performance in years last month, and it looks like company insiders decided to cash in.
Insider selling accelerated in October to the most aggressive pace since February. That follows the S&P 500's gain of 11% -- its best monthly performance in almost 20 years.
In fact, there were almost $19 worth of insider stock sales in October for every $1 of insider buys, according to market research firm TrimTabs.
That was way up from near record low levels of insider selling -- between $2 and $4 of sales for every $1 of insider buying -- in August and September.
During the last week in October, insider trading was concentrated in consumer discretionary and technology sectors, according to Ben Silverman at InsiderScore, which tracks transactions by corporate officers and directors, which were among the market's stronger performers.
In fact, company insiders at chip companies Intel (INTC, Fortune 500) and SanDisk (SNDK, Fortune 500) and car dealer chain AutoNation (AN, Fortune 500) sold shares in October, when all three stocks were trading near their 52-week highs.
While corporate officers and directors have a number of reasons for selling their shares of their own company, including exercising their options, a swift pickup in selling can be a cause for concern.
"Insider buying is a much stronger signal, because people buy stock for one main reason: they think it's going to go up," said Lawrence Creatura, portfolio manager at Federated Investors. "But an acceleration in insider selling is an indication that executives feel that some of the easier, near-term gains are behind them."
Creatura, who manages the Federated Clover Small Value Fund (VSFIX), typically monitors insider buying and selling changes on an individual stock basis and looks for conspicuous activity.
"You have to consider how long an executive has been at the company, what title they hold, the size of their holdings, and whether their transaction is related to options," Creatura said.
Still, it's often not a good omen for the future when insiders are selling.
Historically, when company executives sell their shares, the stock tends to underperform the market by more than 5% over the next year, writes University of Michigan professor Nejat Seyhun in his book Investment Intelligence from Insider Trading.
Meanwhile, stocks purchased by company insiders typically outperform the market by almost 9% over the following 12 months, he said.
The fact that insiders would take advantage of the October rally may not be a huge surprise. Although shares surged last month, that followed five straight months where all the major indexes finished lower.
Many investors are still skeptical about whether the worst is over in Europe. The sluggish U.S. economy is giving investors pause as well. That may be playing a role in some of the recent insider sales.
"Economic growth has been moderating, and the Federal Reserve has been marking down its estimates. And companies are also growing more conservative about their earnings over the next year. It doesn't bode well for the market," said Daniel Morris, portfolio manager of the Manor Growth Fund (MNRGX).
by Hugo “HugS” Gonzalez
You've heard the narrative time and time again by now. Melee is a beautiful accident. Melee's current success is a Cinderella story. Melee has a blossoming community, and we have the documentary, EVO, and the community at large to thank. However, here's what we haven't touched on too much: Melee will not die.
Okay, I'm being a bit facetious here. Nothing is impossible, Melee can die, but there's a huge chance it will stick around for a lot of years. I even dare to say that it will be a fixture in Esports, and Esports as a whole will engrain itself into society just as other major sports have. Here's the tricky part: there are games in Esports more popular than Melee that will die, whereas Melee will not. Melee is actually in an extremely unique position that even other bigger Esports aren't in. Here's what our unique position is all about.
Support From Major Esports Players
Lately, we've been getting major support from big organizations such as RedBull, Twitch, and HTC. Here's the kicker though: they LOVE us. They love us like we love our own game. I've had the pleasure of interacting with the people behind the scenes who get the ball rolling on supporting our events, and they are 100% fans of our sport. That's not to say they don't love other games, they definitely do. However, the fact that these people are legitimate fans of our players, our story lines, our action, it means that they won't sit happy seeing us fade away. That's a great level of involvement to get out of people who are directly responsible for controlling our destiny. As long as they love it, they can help us grow. They will and do.
I mean, we have THE main media outlet for Esports in Twitch creating a crew of their own employees to battle a Redbull crew in Smash at their first convention for a chance to host a Smash tournament in their home region. If that's not love for a game, I don't know what is. Can you imagine a bunch of executives at ABC who love Basketball allowing it to die? That's kind of what we have here.
Resistance to Sequel Replacement
Melee is in an extremely unique situation from most other games. It has survived two successors. That's not to say that successors like Smash Wii You're in the way of Melee. Smash Wii U has been growing its own independent community and it's been fantastic. What I'm saying is, Melee has become completely independent, and the competitive community has recognized Melee as its own unique game. At this point, expecting Melee to die because of a sequel is the equivalent of expecting Hearthstone to die because of a new Halo release. We've evolved into a self-sustaining sport where people aren't looking forward to the next iteration, they're satisfied with this one.
The only successor that would replace Melee is an actual Melee successor, such as Melee HD or Melee 2.0, which we'd gladly welcome. If a true Melee successor is released, then my point stands, Melee survives and thrives even further.
Ease of Viewership and Story Lines
I can't tell you how many times I've heard someone tell me they got into watching Melee after catching a stream alone. They actually got into Melee without ever having played the game. They simply watched, and began to follow. I always try to assess a person's level of knowledge when they view a Melee stream to see if we can actually connect with a viewer who knows nothing about the game, and you know what? It happens a ton. Our commentators are amazing, the straight-forward nature of a 1 on 1 fight is accessible, and the characters on the screen are extremely relatable. It doesn't hurt that the first thing people end up checking out after hearing about Melee is the documentary, where viewers are then immersed into the many personalities we have in this scene. It's drama, it's action, and it's addicting as hell.
Community-based Upbringing
Melee would not be what it is today without the community that was built around it. In a way, Melee's biggest curse, a lack of online capability, has become its biggest blessing. As an offline game, players were forced early on to connect with other players live. This formed bonds and friendships that have lasted several years. Do you think MIOM Scar is going to look at a dying game, see it causing a rift among his friendships, and decide to just let it go? Absolutely not. He, like many others, will put in the effort to keep this thing going because, even if we're not thinking about it, it's what allows us to nurture these friendships. I get closer to my friends every time I end up in another state for a tournament. Memories are built, bonds are strengthened, and new friendships are formed every time I head out to an event. How can a game die with thousands of people constantly working to keep it together not just for the sake of the game, but for the sake of their friendships?
It's powerful stuff.
Melee is here to stay for years, and it's as beautiful an accident as the game itself.
1. Satoshi is probably Elon
Is Elon capable of inventing Bitcoin? Probably.
The 2008 Bitcoin paper was written by someone with a deep understanding of economics and cryptography. Elon has a background in econ and wrote production-level internet software for Zip2 and X.com / Paypal.
Bitcoin's source code was written by someone with a mastery of C++. Elon seems to have a firm grasp of C++, insisting it be used at X.com and at SpaceX.
Experience aside, Elon is a self-taught polymath. He's repeatedly innovated across fields by reading books on a subject and applying the knowledge. It's how he built rockets, invented the Hyperloop (which he released to the world as a paper), and could have invented Bitcoin.
Would he have wanted to create it? Probably.
It was 2008 (Great Recession), and he may have been motivated to solve the lack of trust in banks by creating a currency that doesn't need them.
Does the original Bitcoin paper sound like Elon? Somewhat.
The hallmark reasoning from first principles. The order-of-magnitude calculations. And in forum posts, casual use of “bloody hard.”
Would Elon have stayed anonymous for 10 years? Probably, on principle.
Satoshi created Bitcoin as a peer-to-peer currency that wouldn't need a central authority.
Did Elon reveal his identity in 2014 with this tweet? Maybe.
The tweet came one week after this Satoshi forum post.
Can Elon not own any bitcoin and still be Satoshi? Yes.
Elon has said publicly he doesn't own any bitcoin, which is consistent with a “Good Satoshi” who deleted his private keys. This means Satoshi's one million coins (worth about $8 billion) are gone for good.
Could Satoshi be a group of people led by Elon? Probably not.
Satoshi could be a collaboration of Musk, Nick Szabo, and Hal Finney. But it seems more likely that Elon read their research papers, took inspiration from them, and built the product solo.
Would Elon choose a pseudonym that's an anagram for “So a man took a shit?” Of course.
2. Musk is like Franklin
Elon identifies the most urgent problems of our time and dedicates his time to solving them: sustainable energy, multiplanetary life, AI safety. The sum total of his actions have seriously increased the chance that the future will be good for more people.
Ben Franklin, likewise, “did what needed to be done, at the time it needed to be done.” He was a polymath entrepreneur who also wrote public pamphlets for the general good, e.g. “A Modest Enquiry into the Nature and Necessity of a Paper-Currency.”
And Franklin's pseudonym of choice? “Silence Dogood.”
Franklin and Musk have a few other fun things in common. Both
3. Bitcoin could use his help
Bitcoin has some problems. It had a major split in August and just avoided another this month. It takes at least 10 minutes to verify a transaction and its throughput is 5000 times less than that of credit cards.
If Elon is Satoshi, it seems like this knowledge would become public at some point anyway. But if it were public now, Elon could offer guidance as the currency's “founding father.” (Vitalik Buterin plays this role for Ethereum.) Elon could coordinate changes in the block size and the lightning network and thus make bitcoin useful for more people.
Elon – if you are Satoshi, thank you. If not, well, thanks for the Tesla Roadster.
A recent study suggesting some newer for-profit hospice programs have accepted patients too early and discharged others when the costs of caring for them rose is receiving mixed reaction from end of life experts.
Nearly 20 percent of U.S. hospice patients are discharged before death, and not-for-profit and government-run hospices have lower rates of discharge than newer for-profit programs, according to findings published in the Journal of Palliative Medicine.
“When you have a live discharge rate that is as high as 30 percent, you have to wonder whether a hospice program is living up to the vision and morality of the founders of hospice,” lead researcher Dr. Joan Teno told The Washington Post. “One part of the reason is some of the new hospice providers may not have the same values — they may be more concerned with profit margins than compassionate care.”
Patients in nonprofit programs were less likely to be discharged while alive than those in similar for-profit programs: 15 percent to 22 percent. More mature programs (those 21 years and older) had lower rates of discharge than those in operation for 5 years or less: 14 percent to 27 percent.
“There has been a striking increase in the number of hospice providers with the fastest growth coming from for-profit providers,” the researchers write.
Hospice volunteer Loretta Downs, past president of the Chicago End-of-Life Care Coalition, told Life Matters Media she found the findings alarming.
“Death is truly unpredictable, and older hospices seem to have more experience with predicting it,” Downs said. “I think hospice care should be nonprofit. Because of the nature of the care, this should not be a profit-making business.”
Downs, who has volunteered in both nonprofit and for-profit programs, recommends that terminally ill patients enter local, reputable nonprofits.
“I noticed a higher patient load for the staff and a little more marketing in a for-profit,” she offered. “They had an in-patient unit which had double-bed rooms, which is inappropriate.”
Dr. Timothy McCurry, medical director of Illinois-based Rainbow Hospice and Palliative Care, echoed Downs' concerns.
“As the study mentions, uncertainties in prognoses means that a certain level of live discharge is both expected and appropriate. That said, there is certainly evidence of some companies, especially for-profits, focusing on a bottom line over appropriate criteria for hospice admissions,” McCurry told LMM.
The study, emphasizing the need for more stringent government regulations to help identify companies abusing the Medicare hospice benefit, is a positive step forward, McCurry said. Rainbow is a registered nonprofit organization.
“While it's reassuring to see that the study shows Illinois averaging lower than what might be considered abusive levels, it does highlight the opposite issue in our state: that often times patients and families don't find their way to hospice soon enough,” he said.
Hospice care is designed to help comfort the seriously ill near the end of life, and it has become increasingly popular in recent years – reaching nearly $14 billion in payments during 2011. The Medicare hospice benefit, established in 1982 to help patients pay for care, is usually provided only to those with a life expectancy of six months or less. All Medicare hospice discharges between January and December 2010 were analyzed.
Dr. Martha Twaddle, senior vice president for Medical Excellence and Innovation at Illinois-based Journeycare, is skeptical of some of the claims gleaned from the study.
“I don't want to polarize the bigger issue around what a live discharge represents. With older for-profits and nonprofits there wasn't that same type of disparity. It's not nonprofit or for-profit, it's how they're being managed,” Twaddle told LMM.
Many hospices in poorer, rural areas report higher discharge rates because of their commitment to patients and their communities, Twaddle said. Connecticut had the lowest rate of live discharge (13 percent), and Mississippi had the highest (41 percent).
“What we found in Mississippi, our poorest state, is that their social services are anemic at best,” she added. “Hospices were using the hospice benefit to get care to people who had no other resource for care. That's why their live discharges were so high. That doesn't excuse it, but there is a bigger socioeconomic or societal issue that needs to be addressed. It's not for lack of values.”
Lisa Hunt, executive director of Allegiant Hospice, a new for-profit program headquartered in Mesa, Arizona, said their mission is to help promote quality of life for the seriously ill.
“As for the nonprofit versus for-profit argument, I believe there are some agencies who seek nonprofit status and do it in an effort to avoid taxes. I feel if we earn money, we should be taxed on it,” Hunt told LMM. “There's a notion out there that nonprofits don't make any money and for-profits are big, bad businesses making a buck. Neither is true. All of us must be good stewards of the Medicare monies we receive in order to stay in business to serve patients.”
Mac Sabbath official site | Mac Sabbath on Facebook | Mac Sabbath on Twitter
It was the Year of Our Lord 2013, and I was devouring a cheeseburger in a Chatsworth, CA franchise of a certain multinational fast food conglomerate which shall remain nameless. A crazed skull face painted, dirt-bag, clown sat down beside me. This Skeletor reject of Uriah Heap introduced himself as Ronald Osborne and was familiar with my work. I was informed that Ronald, Slayer Mac Cheeze, Grimalice, and the Cat Burglar, were performing secret rock shows in the bunker-like basements of the local restaurants. But the time had come, he said, to bring drive-thru metal up from the “underground,” and he asked if I would consider becoming the manager. BAM! Abruptly we were thrown to the sidewalk. (Apparently the daytime manager was not informed of this activity) I looked over at Ronald, watched him brush off the sodium chloride and GMO remnants of my UN happy meal.
Before I knew it, I was in a burger stand bomb shelter, witnessing Black Sabbath music, hilarious fast food lyrics, smoldering clown heads with laser eyes, a giant purple gumdrop bass player, and Tony Iommi with a giant cheeseburger head. I was confused, amazed and can't ever remember feeling so………happy!
Dr. Sobral and his colleagues said that if this decline in breeding goes on, it means the universe has already made 95 percent of the star mass that it will ever make. As eternity goes on — and on and on — the cosmos, like Palm Springs, will be dominated by older and older stars.
There is no cause for immediate alarm. Stars live for millions or billions of years, depending on their masses; the biggest burn out quickly, while the smaller ones can limp on as red dwarfs for a trillion years or more. The Sun, a middle-size and middle-aged star, has another 5 billion years or so to go.
Our own Milky Way galaxy, moreover, is still busily hatching stars out of dense gas clouds in places like the Eagle Nebula, home of the famous Pillars of Creation. If you ever agonized about missing out on Paris in the 1920s or Italy in the Renaissance, at least you can take comfort that we live in the Golden Age of the Milky Way.
Photo
To paraphrase Bob Dylan, it's not dark yet, but it's getting there.
The news brought me back to the darkening days of November in the Catskills, where I used to live. When the woods suddenly become lighter and more transparent because branches are bare, the sun slants off silvery tree trunks. The ground is luminous, carpeted with red and gold leaves that are about to be buried in snow.
The notion that 95 percent of the stars that will ever shine have already shone reminded me that I had once read that 6 percent of all the humans that have ever lived are alive today. The latter statistic is a consequence of the exponential growth of the human race (and, if it keeps growing, could eventually create problems for the idea of reincarnation).
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
You might not think it has anything to do with the stars. But philosophers and cosmologists have wondered if there is an answer to the question of why we live where and when we do.
The cartoon history that they would like to tell goes like this: Coming out of the Big Bang 13.7 billion years ago, the universe consisted of hydrogen and helium and a little lithium. Our bodies are made of oxygen, carbon, nitrogen and iron that had to be synthesized in thermonuclear reactions in successive generations of stars that went bang and seeded space and future stars with heavier elements.
That took time. The Milky Way was born near the height of the star baby boom, about 10 billion years ago. The Sun and solar system, with its heady mix of life-ready elements, came into being 4.5 billion years ago. It took evolution another 3.8 billion years to make us, the putative princelings of the cosmos. Could it all have happened faster to someone else some place else? Nobody knows.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Nobody knows for sure, either, why cosmic star production has slowed down, the astronomers say.
In recent years, they have found evidence that some of the more violent denizens of the modern cosmos, like giant black holes and supernova explosions, can create powerful winds that blow the gas out of galaxies, preventing it from condensing into stars. One black hole in the galaxy NGC 1275 was found to be “singing,” or belching pressure waves, to the tune of a B flat 57 octaves below middle C, thus squelching star formation over much of the entire Perseus cluster — hundreds of galaxies.
Some theorists, notably Freeman Dyson of the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, have suggested ways that life could go on past the twilight of the stars, by extracting energy from black holes, for example. But that was before astronomers discovered that dark energy — what appears to be a sort of cosmic antigravity — is speeding up the expansion of the universe.
If this continues, the future is really dark. Eventually the universe will be expanding so fast that most other galaxies will disappear from view forever. Eventually even atoms could be ripped apart.
Time for bed.
Sometimes the universe seems to me like one of those black-humored toys: a box with a button. When you push the button, a hand comes out 14 billion years later and turns the button off.
The move capped a chaotic week that began with U.S. District Judge Susan Richard Nelson lifting the 45-day lockout on Monday. She denied the NFL's appeal on Wednesday and the league took halting steps toward getting back to football Friday.
Then the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis granted the NFL's request for a temporary stay of Nelson's injunction order. The appeals court is expected to rule next week on the NFL's request for a more permanent stay that would last through its appeal of the injunction, a process expected to take 6-8 weeks.
The NFL didn't have to wait that long to resume the lockout, and the announcement came right after the third round of the NFL draft had ended.
Teams "have been told that the prior lockout rules are reinstated effective immediately," NFL spokesman Greg Aiello told The Associated Press.
This all came on the day players were allowed to return to their teams' facilities for the first time since March. Players wore smiles as they met with coaches, worked out and got a peek at their playbooks, a welcome return to normalcy in an offseason that has been anything but that.
"Nobody's happy about any of this," Green Bay Packers general manager Ted Thompson said. "But it is what it is. The lockout is back into effect."
The appellate ruling came in a venue considered more conservative and favorable to businesses than the federal courts in Minnesota, where the collective bargaining system was established in the early 1990s and judges have generally favored players over the NFL.
The NFL's victory, its first in this bruising court fight, was a narrow one. The 2-1 decision from a panel of the 8th Circuit was issued by Judges Steven Colloton, Kermit Bye and Duane Benton. It included a lengthy dissent from Bye, who suggested temporary stays should be issued only in emergencies.
"The NFL has not persuaded me this is the type of emergency situation which justifies the grant of a temporary stay," Bye wrote.
Bye said the league hadn't shown proof it would suffer irreparable harm without a lockout in place and had asked for the stay so it wouldn't be forced to run its $9 billion business without a collective bargaining agreement in place.
"The NFL claimed such operations would be 'a complex process that requires time to coordinate,'" Bye wrote. "This contention is severely undermined by the fact that the NFL had, within a day of the district court's order denying a stay, already planned post-injunction operations which would allow the players to have access to club and workout facilities, receive playbooks, meet with coaches and so forth.
"Because I expect our court will be resolving the actual request for a stay in short order, I see little practical need for granting an emergency temporary stay in this non-emergency situation."
Jim Quinn, the lead attorney for the players, downplayed Friday's order and was heartened by the dissent.
"Routine grant of stay and totally expected," he said. "The only surprise is that Judge Bye is so strongly against giving them even a tiny stay because the league obviously can't show it is necessary."
Still, players were discouraged by the extreme ups and downs of the day. They went from exchanging high-fives with teammates and expressing relief and optimism in the morning to lamenting the league's sudden reversal as midnight approached.
Confused, disappointed and frustrated, the players started to lash out as the night wore on.
"Its unfortunate 2 c the Lockout back on," tweeted Arizona Cardinals receiver Larry Fitzgerald. "2 all NFL fans, please know the players are w/ u & we both are being deprived of enjoying this game."
Raiders quarterback Bruce Gradkowski vented on Twitter: "Gosh I just wanna get back to work and play! I feel bad for our fans having to put up with this."
Agent Peter Schaffer said he has advised his clients to abide by the court's ruling.
"You can't have convenient justice. Whether you agree or disagree with the judges' decision, it must be followed," Schaffer said. "Whatever the ruling of the day is, it must be followed. So I have told my players to stay away from the facilities."
Many first-round draft choices who arrived at their new teams scrambled to get things done in what turned out to be a tight window of time.
"I'm trying to get as much ball talk in as possible and get a feel for what's going on," Vikings quarterback Christian Ponder said. "It is tough, especially with the uncertainty. We have no idea what's going to happen, and I'm praying I'll be back here in two weeks for mini-camp or whenever we're allowed."
By Friday evening, Ponder was on his way home, and the Vikings were on the clock in the second round of the draft when the appeals court decision came down. All Vikings vice president of player personnel Rick Spielman could do was shrug.
"There's nothing you can do about it because you have no control over it, so just do what you do," he said. "Right now we can draft players, and that's what we're focused on doing. That's all you can do."
Bengals quarterback Jordan Palmer said: "It's crazy and it's really, really making it difficult to plan. It's just really hectic. Everybody I've talked to is very thrown off by the situation."
Agent Joe Linta, whose clients include Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco, lobbied for the NFL to go forward with free agency despite the decision.
"The owners will create a huge injustice to their own GMs and personnel departments if they don't allow the signing of undrafted free agents," he said. "They may not care about the players, but they should at least help their own scouts, coaches and personnel people who have worked so hard in the scouting process. This is by far the biggest issue of the next 48 hours."
Attorneys for the players had argued against a stay of Nelson's order, suggesting that the public and the players, with their short careers, are at far more risk when the business is stalled.
"Professional football is part of the fabric of American life," the attorneys wrote. "Because the uncontroverted record of evidence shows that the 2011 season could be canceled or significantly curtailed without an injunction in place, a stay may deprive the public of professional football altogether."
Dolphins general manager Jeff Ireland said teams had no choice by to "go with the flow."
"We'll just go with what the league is telling us," he said. "It was good to see the players today, great to see some of those guys, and wish it would have lasted a little longer."
The lockout has hurt teams such as the Browns, preventing new coach Pat Shurmur and his staff from talking with players for the first time. He met with a handful on Friday before the bad news.
"Because we were allowed to talk and communicate with our players," he said, "we felt like it was a good few hours."
Portsmouth, New Hampshire is a historic seaport, popular summer tourist destination, and home to 20,000+ proud residents. The first known European to explore and write about Portsmouth was Martin Pring in 1603, but Native Americans inhabited the area for thousands of years before Europeans arrived.
These images show Portsmouth, New Hampshire and the surrounding area as it looked in the 1940's and 1950's.
Aerial view of Wentworth By-the-Sea and Navy Yard
When Portsmouth was incorporated in 1653, it was named in honor of the colony's founder, John Mason. He was the Captain of the port of Portsmouth, England, in Hampshire, the county in England for which New Hampshire is named.
Dry Dock, Navy Yard, Portsmouth, N.H.
The Portsmouth Navy Yard is a United States Navy shipyard on the southern boundary of Maine near the city of Portsmouth. The boundary of the dockyard is disputed, but it is legally considered to be part of Kittery, Maine. The city of Portsmouth claims the shipyard as its own, taking the case to the Supreme Court in 2001 in an attempt to officially have the land declared as part of New Hampshire, but the case was dismissed.
During World War I, the shipyard began constructing submarines, with the USS L-8 being the first ever built by a U.S. navy yard. Throughout World War I & II, the Portsmouth Dry Dock was used to overhaul and repair ships, with the workforce growing from 5,000 to almost 25,000 civilians during that time.
In World War II, more than 70 submarines were constructed at the yard, setting a record by launching four submarines in a single day. When the war ended, the shipyard became the Navy's center for submarine design and development. Today it provides overhaul, refueling, and modernization work.
Wentworth By-the-Sea, Portsmouth, N.H.
Wentworth by the Sea (formerly The Hotel Wentworth) is a historic grand hotel. It is one of a handful of the state's surviving Gilded Age grand hotels, and the last located on the seacoast.
Wentworth By-the-Sea, Portsmouth, N.H.
In 1905, the hotel housed the Russian and Japanese delegations who concluded the Treaty of Portsmouth to end the Russo-Japanese War. U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt suggested the peace talks, and won the Nobel Peace Prize for his actions.
Wentworth By-the-Sea, Portsmouth, N.H.
The hotel is now run by Marriott, with its full name being “Wentworth by the Sea, A Marriott Hotel & Spa”.
Toll gate and approach to Interstate Bridge
The Sarah Mildred Long Bridge was the second bridge able to carry motor vehicle traffic between Maine and New Hampshire via Portsmouth. The bridge replaced a river crossing that originally opened in 1822.
For many years, the bridge was simply known as the Maine-New Hampshire (Interstate) Bridge. In 1987, the bridge was renamed to honor Sarah M. Long, who had been an employee of the Maine-New Hampshire Interstate Bridge Authority for 50 years.
Due to its location in Portsmouth Harbor between the Memorial Bridge and the Piscataqua River Bridge, the Sarah Mildred Long Bridge is sometimes simply referred to as “the middle bridge” or “the old toll bridge”. It has also been called the “Dime Bridge”, in reference to the amount paid when it was a toll bridge.
Approaching the Sarah Mildred Long Bridge
This image shows the approach to the Sarah Mildred Long Bridge, which featured two separate movable portions. One section raised the railroad tracks below the road, allowing recreational boats to pass without disrupting traffic. The second section included the roadway itself, causing traffic to stop while larger boats passed beneath.
The bridge closed in August 2016. Its replacement is scheduled to open in September 2017.
Bridge passing under the Sarah M Long Bridge
This picture shows how the bridge would raise to allow large boats to pass underneath. A railroad track ran underneath the roadway of the bridge. At the time of its construction, the bridge cost $3,000,000.
View along Pescataqua River, Portsmouth, N.H.
The Piscataqua River is a 12-mile-long tidal river forming the boundary of the U.S. states of New Hampshire and Maine. After the Allies' European victory in the Second World War, a German submarine flying a white flag sailed up the river, where New Hampshire state police received its captain and crew as POWs.
Memorial Bridge between Kittery and Portsmouth
The World War I Memorial Bridge is a vertical-lift bridge that carries U.S. Route 1 across the Piscataqua River between Portsmouth and Badger's Island in Kittery, Maine. A large overhead plaque facing traffic on the bridge reads “Memorial to the Sailors and Soldiers of New Hampshire who gave their lives in the World War 1917–1919.”
The bridge opened in 1923, when five year old Eileen Foley cut the ceremonial silk ribbon to officially open the bridge. 45 years later, she became the mayor of Portsmouth and served eight terms. In August 2013, she returned to dedicate the bridge's replacement 90 years later. These images show the original bridge, which existed from 1923 – 2012. A replacement bridge opened in 2013.
Memorial Bridge Raised for Boat
The lift span of the bridge can be fully opened to allow large commercial vessels to pass. During summer, the lift section remains partially elevated every half-hour between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m. for about 15 minutes. This allows smaller commercial and recreational boat traffic.
Fort Constitution from the Harbor, Portsmouth, N.H.
Fort Constitution is a fort in Portsmouth that was originally called Fort William and Mary when it was under British control. After the British abandoned the fort during the American Revolution, the Patriots referred to it as Fort Hancock, Fort Castle, Castle Fort, and eventually, in 1808, it became Fort Constitution.
U.S. Naval Prison, Portsmouth Navy Yard
Portsmouth Naval Prison is a former U.S. Navy and Marine Corps prison on the grounds of the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard. It was constructed between 1905 and 1908. The building has the appearance of a castle, and was known as the “Alcatraz of the East”, because it was modeled after Alcatraz's design and was built on an island surrounded by strong tidal currents to deter escape. The reinforced concrete naval prison was occupied from 1908 until 1974.
Portsmouth Naval Prison
This view shows the Naval Prison after it was expanded. Two wings were added to the original prison. In 1942 the northeast wing was added, and in 1943 the unornamented southwest wing, dubbed “the Fortress,” which rises sheer beside the rocky shore. Maximum occupancy reached 3,088 in 1945.
Whaleback Light, Portsmouth, N.H.
Whaleback Light is a historic lighthouse marking the mouth of the Piscataqua River between New Castle, New Hampshire and Kittery, Maine. It is located on a rocky outcrop offshore southwest of Fort Foster and south of Wood Island in Kittery. A light has been active at this location since 1820; the present tower was built in 1872.
General John Sullivan Memorial Bridge
The General Sullivan Bridge is a deck truss bridge, with a through truss span to accommodate ship traffic, that formerly carried the roads that now travel over the Little Bay Bridge. Completed in 1935, the bridge has been closed to vehicle traffic since the opening of the second Little Bay span in 1984.
The bridge was named for John Sullivan, a Revolutionary War general, Governor of New Hampshire, and delegate to the Continental Congress, who was from nearby Somersworth. Since being closed to vehicular traffic, the General Sullivan has been used by pedestrians and cyclists, as the Little Bay Bridge does not have facilities for foot traffic. The older bridge is also a popular fishing spot.
Junior High School and Mill Pond
The Portsmouth Middle School first opened to students on Sept. 14, 1931. The school cost $384,000 to build and furnish. The enrollment on that first day in 1931 was 631, with students in Grades 7-9. According to SeaCoastOnline, most of the children used to walk home to eat lunch each day. The cafeteria only had seats for the 100 who didn't.
Congress Street, Portsmouth, N.H.
This image shows Congress St as it looked in the 1950's.
Portsmouth Floral Co., Inc., Portsmouth, N.H.
Portsmouth Floral Co. was a flower shop that served the Portsmouth community.
Hospital and Nurses Home
In 1884, citizens of Portsmouth, NH, came together to found Cottage Hospital, a 10-bed acute care facility located on Court Street and now known as The Aldrich House. The very next year, the new Portsmouth Hospital was built on Junkins Avenue near Mill Pond and served the area for more than a century, expanding and diversifying to meet the community's healthcare needs.
Naval Hospital, Portsmouth, N.H.
The naval hospital is the U.S. Navy's oldest, continuously operating hospital. The hospital has been open since 1830, serving past and present military members and their families.
Ham's New Location, Route 1, Lafayette Road
Charles W. Ham, of Portsmouth, N. H., was the proprietor of Ham's Restaurant and Cafe on High Street. During its time, Ham's Restaurant was one of the foremost restaurants of New England.The restaurant was famous in the 1900's for the quality of its food, and the freshness of its vegetables (which came directly from Mr. Ham's own garden truck).
Catholic Church, Portsmouth, N.H.
North Church, Portsmouth, N.H.
St. John's Episcopal Church, Built 1807
Old Jackson House, The Oldest House in Portsmouth
Pierce Mansion, Erected 1799
Rockingham Hotel, Portsmouth, N.H.
Thomas Bailey Aldrich House
The Thomas Bailey Aldrich House was built in 1797, but is most well known for being a childhood home of Thomas Bailey Aldrich. Aldrich grew up to become a revered American writer, poet, critic, and editor notable for his long editorship of The Atlantic Monthly. In 2000, the home was restored to look as it did in 1850.
John Paul Jones House, Erected 1732
The John Paul Jones House is a historic house at 43 Middle Street in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. The house now serves as a historic house museum and a National Historic Landmark. It is significant because it is the only known surviving structure in the United States associated with American Revolutionary War naval hero John Paul Jones, who lived in the building from 1781-82 when it was operated as a boarding house.
Warner House, Built 1716
The Warner House is the oldest, urban brick house in northern New England. The house was built in 1716, and is one of the finest early-Georgian brick houses in New England. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1960, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Navy Yard and Piscataqua River from Pierce Island
Peirce Island is a 27 acre island owned by the city of Portsmouth. The island separates the Piscataqua River from the “South End” of portsmouth. The island now has a variety of activities for locals and tourists to enjoy, including walking trails, fishing, swimming, and picnic areas.
Yoken's “Thar She Blows!”, U.S. Route #1
Yoken's was an iconic seafood restaurant in Portsmouth. It closed in 2004, but the sign remains in Portsmouth as a nod to the city's past. In 2015, the sign was refurbished and still proudly hangs on Lafayette Road.
Share with your friends using the buttons below!
