Basic BB tag rundown (hour 1 lmao)
So, game is designed to be pad friendly. 5 buttons, ABC, Tag, and Assist.
First, A/B are standard normals. There are command normals, 4X, 2X, I don't think there's 6X because of the way run works in this game lol (there's no walking, you just run). There are auto combos via 5AA.../5BB... on hit and block. 5aa, 5aaa and 5bb, 5bbb are special normals you can't do otherwise.
C button is...universal overhead or sweep for 5C and 2C respectively lol.
Tag button just tags, no idea what else.
Assist has 3 attacks, neutral, back, and forward.
There's a mechanic where you cause your assist to stay on screen and you can keep using them to attack. Not sue what the input is to start it, I think it's like 236 assist. They like, power up when they land on screen and it starts draining the assist call gauge until it's empty and then they leave. You can command them to do their assist attacks without cooldown, not entirely sure what the input is to command them but I think you hold assist and press A/B/C. A is neutral assist attack, B is forward assist and C is backwards assisted.
ASSISTS CAN EAT SOME ATTACKS SO HAPPY BIRTHDAY SPECIFIC COMBOS EXIST
Macros, there's...BC (throw) tech window looks like BB. I think there's a command dash at the start of it, lol. A+Tag is 2 buttons DP. ABCD I think, is burst (costs 1 bar) and causes the combo to break and you switch characters.
Specials, 236 and 214 only it seems. A/B and C variants. C specials cost meter.
Supers are marvel style. 236BC and 214BC for level 1 and level 2 super respectively. Intuitive DHC's for team supers.
That's about all I have now! I'll tweet more later. Love ya bye
Reply · Report Post
When we last checked in with the New York Red Bulls' wandering center back, he was doing what we all want to do: live. Train museums, contemplating freedom, and posing with chairs, Armando's soul is truly the soul of a poet and serves as our spiritual tour guide. We are merely passengers along for this beautiful journey on which he is leading us.
What has Armando experienced?
The Gym
Fitness is one of the keys to the many locks on the door that one must open in order to live a happy life. Stay fit, Armando. Work out your mind, body, and soul. Not for the Red Bulls, but for you.
Taking a bath
If u r in #NewYork and need to relax or get away your place is @ancientbathsny absolutely amazing experience! Thanks! pic.twitter.com/B3MfWSYpbH — Armando Lozano (@LozanoArmando16) February 27, 2015
Our hero needed to relax after all of his tiring adventures, and there's no better place to relax than Aire Ancient Baths which promises "a space for relaxation, full of calm and serenity in an experience for the senses." Imported stone marble from Spain and candles are the ingredients for the recipe of pure bliss.
Dreaming and living
Sabemos soñar pero no vivir. A photo posted by Armando Lozano (@armandolozano16) on Feb 23, 2015 at 7:09am PST
Caption: "Sabemos soñar pero no vivir."
Translation: "We dream but not live."
Truly inspirational words. I was so inspired by Armando that instead of merely dreaming about a bacon McGriddle from McDonald's, I decided to live and get three.
Visiting the Statue of Liberty
LIBERTAD. A photo posted by Armando Lozano (@armandolozano16) on Feb 27, 2015 at 8:42am PST
Does Armando think that this is the Statue of Liberty? Did he shrink the actual Statue of Liberty with his cosmic power and have it brought to him?
Finding beauty everywhere
Cosas del metro. A video posted by Armando Lozano (@armandolozano16) on Feb 27, 2015 at 11:52am PST
There's art everywhere, one only has to look. Armando is looking, even in a subway station. Are you?
Visiting Google
Si me buscas,me encuentras. A photo posted by Armando Lozano (@armandolozano16) on Mar 1, 2015 at 7:57am PST
Caption: "If you want me, you find me."
Our poet is also a comedian. For, you see, anyone searching for Armando could also search for him *on* Google. But anyone searching for him physically could find him *at* Google. Truly a joke that has more layers than a sock drawer.
Posing in the street in the sun
Me gustaron tus palabras porque me dejan sin las mías. A photo posted by Armando Lozano (@armandolozano16) on Feb 26, 2015 at 8:37am PST
How often do you take the time to appreciate your surroundings? Not enough, I bet. Armando does, and deep down we're all striving to be a little more like him. We take pictures of the big moments in life, but not the small ones. Take a picture when you feel a moment doesn't deserve one, and you'll have fewer regrets.
(Please don't get hit by a car.)
Posing in the street in the snow
Bonita la vida. A photo posted by Armando Lozano (@armandolozano16) on Mar 1, 2015 at 11:04am PST
Caption: "Bonita la vida."
Translation: "Nice life."
Is there anything better than standing in the middle of the street during a snow storm? A nice life, indeed.
(Please don't get hit by a car.)
Declared his love
I love New York. A photo posted by Armando Lozano (@armandolozano16) on Mar 2, 2015 at 10:44am PST
Caption: "I love New York."
And New York loves you too, Armando. New York loves you too.
(Please don't get hit by a car.)
What's next for our hero?
The MLS season is starting soon, but the season of life started for Armando a long time ago and will continue to be played. Tune in next week for the newest of installment of Las Crónicas de Armando.
Where will Armando go next on his journey? When will you begin your own journey?
Thoughts on Rosetta's End
A mission as complex as the European Space Agency's highly successful Rosetta is a compilation of interlocking parts. I always find it fascinating to look at the instrumentation aboard. Take Alice, a UV imaging spectrograph no bigger than a shoebox. Alice weighs in at less than 4 kilograms and draws a meager 4 watts of power, but it offered us a thousand times the data we could retrieve with similar instruments no more than a generation ago.
Alice produced over 70,000 spectra in two years, according to its principal investigator, Alan Stern (a familiar name indeed for those interested in the outer Solar System!) With these data we're learning about the porous surface of the comet, its lack of exposed water ice, and the unexpected occurrence of molecular hydrogen around it.
Rosetta's Ion and Electron Spectrometer (IES), likewise the work of the Southwest Research Institute, is another triumph of miniaturization, achieving the sensitivity of instruments weighing five times as much (IES has a mass of about a kilogram). In combination with four other instruments analyzing the plasma environment, the IES examined solar wind interactions with the coma of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
For the final images of the Rosetta mission, we leaned on the spacecraft's OSIRIS wide-angle camera, which captured the scene just before Rosetta made its controlled impact onto the surface on September 30. As expected, the signal from the spacecraft was lost upon impact, but we still coaxed information on cometary gas, dust and plasma out of Rosetta as it descended. All told, 11 science instruments contributed to Rosetta's abundant reservoir of data.
As with the upcoming end of Cassini's mission, there is a certain poignancy in Rosetta's final chapter, though as the comet heads toward the orbit of Jupiter, there would have been too little sunlight to power the mission. Ending its life on the comet it studied seems fitting.
Image: The OSIRIS narrow-angle camera aboard the Space Agency's Rosetta spacecraft captured this image of comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko on September 30, 2016, from an altitude of about 16 kilometers above the surface during the spacecraft's controlled descent. The image scale is about 30 centimeters per pixel and the image itself measures about 614 meters across. Credit: ESA/Rosetta/MPS for OSIRIS Team MPS/UPD/LAM/IAA/SSO/INTA/UPM/DASP/IDA.
And here we have the final image, which reminds me in several ways of the final Huygens image from Titan. In both instances, we have a controlled descent to a surface of huge scientific interest culminating a first-of-its-kind mission, in Rosetta's case the first spacecraft to orbit and escort a comet on its journey. I'm also reminded of some of the early images from the Moon, such as the photo Ranger 7 took at about 500 meters above Mare Cognitum in 1964.
Image: Rosetta's last image of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko, taken shortly before impact, at an estimated altitude of 66 feet (20 meters) above the surface. The image was taken with the OSIRIS wide-angle camera on 30 September. The image scale is about 5 mm/pixel and the image measures about 2.4 m across. Credits: ESA/Rosetta/MPS for OSIRIS Team MPS/UPD/LAM/IAA/SSO/INTA/UPM/DASP/IDA.
Now, as with New Horizons, we have years worth of data to comb through, with early discoveries an indication of the richness of the datasets. The Rosetta Orbiter Spectrometer for Ion and Neutral Analysis (ROSINA) has demonstrated that comets contain the amino acid glycine, while discovering over 60 molecules at Comet 67P, 34 of which had never been found on a comet, according to André Bieler (University of Bern). Only some 5 percent of the ROSINA data has been analyzed to this point, which means we should have no shortage of future cometary analysis. We'll also learn more from the Microwave Instrument for Rosetta Orbiter (MIRO) data, examining the behavior of gas and dust as they form the coma.
On the surface of Comet 67P is a 130-meter pit that mission controllers named Deir el-Medina. The reference is fascinating in itself. In the period of the Egyptian 18th to 20th dynasties (roughly 1550-1080 BC), Deir el-Medina (then known as Set Maat, or ‘Place of Truth') was the village where artisans labored while they worked on the tombs in the Valley of the Kings. Painters and artisans decorated tombs dedicated to helping the spirit find its way in the afterlife.
Image: The region called Ma'at, on the smaller of the two lobes of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko. Rosetta targeted a region that is home to several active pits measuring over 100 m wide and over 50 m deep, with the hope of getting some close-up glimpses of these features. The large, well-defined pit adjacent to the target site and identified in the image above as Ma'at 02 has now been named by the mission team ‘Deir el-Medina,' after a pit in an ancient Egyptian town of the same name that was home to many of the workers who built the pharaoh tombs in the Valley of the Kings. Credit: ESA/Rosetta/MPS for OSIRIS Team MPS/UPD/LAM/IAA/SSO/INTA/UPM/DASP/IDA.
Cometary terrain adjacent to the Deir el-Medina region on Comet 67P is now Rosetta's final resting place. The connection with an ancient village and key archaeological site is somehow fitting, as we connect our deepest impulses of exploration with our earliest attempts to probe the riddle of existence. The thought that human technology now rides a comet deep into the Solar System is a spur, goading us to reach out again, as we have so often done, into the unknown.
You've undoubtedly heard the mantra, “Just follow your passion!” But I have to strongly disagree: I think it's dangerous advice that can lead new entrepreneurs astray.
This is especially true when it comes to choosing a niche product to sell online. Your life-long love of Star Wars figurines doesn't mean it's a great niche to build your new ecommerce store around—sorry, Skywalker. If a thriving business is your goal, you should follow a methodical approach and pick a niche with attributes conducive to online success.
In this short guide I'll share six strategies to help you find a niche and product to sell. I'll also show you how to determine if there's enough demand for your product, and give you a few tools to measure the competitive pressures in those areas.
Shopify Academy Course: How to Start a Drop-shipping Business Learn how easy it is to quickly get a business up and running in minutes. In this course, you'll learn how to find a product to sell, build a brand, and get your first sale. Enroll for free
6 ways to find a niche product to sell
While you're brainstorming various niches and products to sell, there are a lot of important things to consider. Here are 6 strategies to help you find a product to sell.
1. Accessory-heavy niches
Merchants rarely make much on big-ticket items and will only earn maybe 5 to 10% on products like laptops and TVs. Where they really make their money is on the accessories.
Accessories enjoy significant markups and customers are much less price-sensitive about them. A buyer might shop for weeks to get the best deal on a TV, but wouldn't think twice about dropping $30 on an HDMI cable from the same place. Yet there's a good chance the business made nearly as much profit on the cable as it did on the flatscreen.
When you choose a niche with lots of accessories, you'll enjoy significantly higher profit margins and fewer price-sensitive shoppers.
2. Customers with a passion or problem
It's amazing how much money passionate hobbyists will spend. Mountain bikers will drop hundreds on lightweight accessories to shave a few pounds, and avid fishermen will invest tens of thousands of dollars in boats and related accessories.
Also, if you can offer a product-based solution to a painful problem, you'll find a captive audience eager to buy.
3. The $100 to $200 range
I've found that this price range is an ecommerce “sweet spot.” It's large enough to create decent average order value and per-order profit, but small enough that—with a quality, informative website—most customers won't need to personally speak with someone before the sale.
As you grow, being able to generate most of your orders online offers massive efficiency savings versus a phone-heavy approach. But if you're selling products that cost $500 or more, many customers will want personal customer service before pulling out their credit cards.
4. Hard to find locally
If you needed garden equipment, you'd likely head down to your local Home Depot or Lowe's. But where would you go to buy surveillance equipment or magicians' accessories? Probably online. Pick niche products that are hard to find locally, and you'll be able to get in front of the vast majority of your customers as they search online.
While you ideally want something difficult to source locally, you also need to ensure there's ample demand for the product! This can be a fine line to walk, and we'll return to the issue in the competition section below.
5. Low product turnover
If your product line is constantly changing year to year, you'll end up spending valuable time on resources that will soon be outdated. Selling a product line with limited turnover ensures you can invest in an information-rich website that will be viable for years.
6. Consumable or disposable products
Repeat customers are essential to any business, and it's significantly easier to sell to existing customers who trust you than to new prospects. If your product needs to be re-ordered on a regular basis—and you're able to keep your customers happy—you'll be on your way to building a profitable business with recurring revenue.
Finding a great product is only part of the equation. Even a niche fitting all the above criteria would be a poor choice in the face of inadequate demand or crushing competition. Understanding a product's demand, competition and suppliers will be important to making an informed decision.
Is there demand for your niche product?
One of the best ways to measure online demand is with keyword research, which provides data on how many people are searching for a specific term. If you're unfamiliar with the concept, I'd strongly recommend watching this video on how to do keyword research:
It's important to note that you should look for keywords with lots of “long-tail” variations. If we were selling sunglasses, “prescription sunglasses” and “discount Oakley sunglasses” would be examples of long-tail variations. These are important because your primary keyword (“sunglasses,” in this example) will only provide a small fraction of your traffic. Even with a #1 ranking in Google, you'll be lucky to receive 30% of the phrase's traffic.
Realistically, most ecommerce sites will receive 80 to 90% of their traffic from long-tail keywords. So the more long-tail variations associated with a primary keyword, the more potential traffic you can generate. As a rule of thumb, I like to see at least 3,000 exact-match local searches for a niche's primary keyword, and ideally a dozen or so long-tail variations. Without sufficient search volume, I won't even bother evaluating a niche on other criteria.
Can your product compete in the market?
You'll need to weigh market demand against the strength of the entrenched competitors. Keywords like “scented candles” and “baby clothes” will have tons of searches, but competing against legions of established businesses in these markets would be extremely difficult, especially for a new business.
To measure competitive pressures, I recommend looking at three metrics for the top 10 businesses listed in Google for your niche.
Inbound links: Using a site like Open Site Explorer, you can see how many other domains are linking to the competition. Top competitors in any niche worth entering will have at least a few hundred inbound links, and this shouldn't scare you away. But if every business has upwards of 1,000 inbound links, you'll need to seriously consider the commitment required to compete.
PageRank: All links aren't created equal, and PageRank is a metric that takes into account the quality of inbound links. It's also a representation of how much authority a page has. Homepages with PageRanks of 3 and 4 are fairly standard and will likely be the minimum point of entry for most viable niches. Trying to outrank sites with PageRanks of 5 or higher will require significantly more work and an SEO campaign dedicated to getting quality backlinks.
Quality of site: This metric might be the most important of the three. Browse the competition's websites and ask yourself: “How likely would I be to purchase from this site?”
If most of the businesses have poorly designed sites with little information, you have an opportunity to compete. But if the niche is flush with professionally designed sites adding loads of value, you're going to have a hard time differentiating your site.
How to source profitable niche products
Having reliable and competent suppliers is a crucial element of launching a new ecommerce store and needs to be a key consideration in the niche selection process.
This is especially true if you'll be drop-shipping, as your supplier will be doubling as your warehouse and fulfillment agency. A bad supplier will cause an endless supply of headaches from botched shipments to perpetually out-of-stock items.
I strongly recommend having at least two suppliers for any new ecommerce store. Why is that?
You're not 100% dependent on a single supplier;
Higher fulfillment rates and fewer out-of-stock issues with two warehouses;
Better pricing when suppliers are competing for your business.
Wait! Passion is still essential.
The grand reveal: I wasn't being completely serious when I warned against following your passion. Doing something you're passionate about is crucial to achieving success. The mistake new ecommerce entrepreneurs often make is focusing their passion on the products they sell instead of the process of building a thriving, profitable business.
It doesn't matter if you sell diapers or dentures; if you've built a successful ecommerce business around a great niche product, I promise you'll become passionate about it.
About the author: Andrew Youderian is an ecommerce entrepreneur and owner of numerous online stores using the drop-shipping model.
What more advice on finding a product to sell?
February 4
A little Personal History
It's done … well … almost!
One (fairly big) concern …
First of all, it does add a lot of complexity. There are a lot of things to be taken care of, and it would add a significant amount of time just to set up a reliable synchronization mechanism that can handle years worth of gameplay data without interrupting gameplay. We also changed the data format a few times, so that's also something to be careful about.
of complexity. There are a lot of things to be taken care of, and it would add a significant amount of time just to set up a reliable synchronization mechanism that can handle years worth of gameplay data without interrupting gameplay. We also changed the data format a few times, so that's also something to be careful about. Then, that data is not necessarily complete or reliable: You can disable recording the movement data, or you might have deleted the GameData folder — when it's gone, it's gone. So, the restored history would not be as complete as one would wish for.
A related issue: Without the movement data, there is a bit of potential for cheating by messing with the session data. With the new system, we'll only record your session for the leaderboards if you opt in to including the movement data. That way, cheating becomes near impossible. But handing that for lots of past (and partially incomplete) data is quite tricky.
Finally, there's the privacy issue: I honestly don't feel comfortable uploading up to three years of gameplay sessions to a new system without asking (and under current EU privacy laws, that would be illegal, too). But when I ask, I kind of invite people to cheat (say “no” now, mess with the data, then say “yes”). This is much easier with current / future data that is generated while playing.
Joining the large coalition of states and advocacy groups preparing to take legal action against the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) over its newly passed net neutrality repeal plan, Minnesota Attorney General Lori Swanson announced in an email to supporters on Tuesday that she will take part in a multistate suit against the Republican-controlled agency in an effort to "overturn" its attack on the open internet.
"Without net neutrality, mega corporations can dominate the content people see online by paying money to obtain faster speeds."
—Lori Swanson, Minnesota Attorney General
"Net neutrality is essential for consumers and an informed electorate," Swanson wrote. "Without net neutrality, broadband companies are free to block content they don't want you to see, to slow it down and make it harder to access, or to prioritize content based on who pays them money. This will make it more difficult and more expensive for consumers to access the content they want."
Swanson went on to link corporate-backed efforts to roll back net neutrality protections to corporate mergers that are rapidly consolidating sources of news and information into the hands of a few large companies.
"This isn't just a consumer protection issue—it's a democracy protection issue too," Swanson wrote.
Eliminating net neutrality, Swanson observes, would tighten major corporations' stranglehold on information and allow them to "control what content to make prominent or to obscure, including by promoting sites they own or favor. This will influence the information to which voters and the public have access and will impact elections."
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
"Congress might try to pass a law next year to cement the FCC's repeal of net neutrality," Swanson's email concluded. "If you share my concerns, I hope you will consider contacting your members of Congress to let them know that you support an internet that is free, fair, open, and accessible by everyone."
According to numbers compiled by Battle for the Net, Americans are doing precisely that. Since FCC chair Ajit Pai's plan to kill net neutrality was unveiled just before Thanksgiving, more than 1.3 million calls have been placed to members of Congress, demanding that they voice support for net neutrality and overrule the FCC's decision using the Congressional Review Act. (Battle for the Net has also set up a "scoreboard" for Americans to track their representatives' position on neutrality.)
Public opposition to the FCC's vote has also been reflected in new polls and an upsurge in consumer complaints.
A Huffington Post/YouGov survey published over the weekend found that only 20 percent of Americans who are aware of the concept of net neutrality support Pai's plan, while 57 percent oppose it.
And as Axios reported on Tuesday, consumers filed more than 2,000 complaints through the FCC's Consumer Complaint Center in December, up from just 157 in October.
0 Flares Twitter 0 Facebook 0 Google+ 0 Buffer 0 0 Flares ×
Privacy is something that we are losing a lot of these days.
Thanks to social media, we can know all about what our friends, family, enemies, neighbors and even celebrities are doing all day and night.
It's no surprise then that law enforcement has begun to use social networks like Facebook to help solve cases.
There are even many instances of crimes being committed because of Facebook. Be aware of what you are posting to social media, be mindful of your privacy settings, think it through before you agree to meet someone you just friended on Facebook, and if you see any talk of criminal activity, pass it on to local law enforcement.
20 Infamous Cases Solved By Facebook
Check out this infographic: 20 Cases Solved Using facebook:
Source: Mashable
Privacy is something that we are losing a lot of these days. Thanks to social media, we can know all about what our friends, family, enemies, neighbors and even celebrities are doing all day and night. It's no surprise, then, that law enforcement has begun to use social networks like Facebook to help solve cases.
There are even many instances of crimes being committed because of Facebook. So, always be aware of what you are posting to social media, be mindful of your privacy settings, think it through before you agree to meet someone you just friended on Facebook, and if you see any talk of criminal activity, pass it on to local law enforcement.
“In some respects, I wish it were somebody else,” Belichick said in an interview last week. “There are a lot of teams I don't have that much affection for. Giants Stadium, the locker room is on the left and I always feel like I should be turning left. And I've been turning right for a lot of seasons now. We all move on. But it hits you right there, when you come out of the ramp and into the tunnel. The locker room was right there on the left, for all those years.”
Belichick began with the Giants in 1979 as a special teams coach under Ray Perkins. When Bill Parcells became the defensive coordinator two years later, Belichick found his calling, starting to work with the linebackers. Among them was a rookie first-round draft pick named Lawrence Taylor. Belichick became the defensive coordinator in 1985 and the next season, with the second-ranked defense in the N.F.L., the Giants won the Super Bowl.
Photo
It was not always seamless. After the 1988 season, Belichick had had enough of the linebackers and told Parcells he wanted to coach the secondary. In that role, his players often matched up against a group of receivers coached by another Parcells assistant, Tom Coughlin, Belichick's counterpart Sunday. In the 1990 season, the Giants had the top-ranked defense and won the Super Bowl again, in Belichick's final game with the team before he left to be the coach of the Cleveland Browns.
“There were a lot of special guys and there were some challenges, but there was also a lot of personal growth,” Belichick said of his years with the Giants. “Me, too. I was 26 or 27. I had a lot of growing to do as a person and as a coach.”
With the Giants, Belichick began developing the coaching style that is fully formed now, down to the cut-off sweats and sneakers that the Hall of Fame linebacker Harry Carson remembers Belichick wearing even then.
Mara recalls Belichick at practice being like an intense college professor, always teaching and rarely screaming. Belichick was a stickler for detail, and he preached the importance of each player knowing his role. Carson's job was to stop the run. Taylor's was to rush the quarterback. There was no ambiguity, Carson said. Not much has changed. Only a few weeks ago, Belichick was caught on a field microphone exhorting a group of Patriots players to “just do your job.”
“We always tried to whittle it down to the smallest possible things,” said Virginia Coach Al Groh, who coached the linebackers for two years when Belichick was the Giants' defensive coordinator and remains close to Belichick. “We kept narrowing the focus on what we were going to give them. Players were focused not just from a mental and emotional standpoint, but from a specific task standpoint.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Browns hired Belichick right after the Giants won the Super Bowl in January 1991. Two years earlier, Accorsi, Cleveland's general manager at the time, had interviewed Belichick at the Senior Bowl. The Browns had already decided on Bud Carson to be their coach then, so Accorsi conducted the interview in a coffee shop. Another man was waiting for Belichick, so they could go watch the practices together. After two hours, the other man left. After six hours, the interview finally ended.
“The interview was so captivating,” Accorsi said. “He was so prepared and had such strong convictions, everything from strategy to the way he saw the game, to player personnel. He had all kinds of theories and innovations. And he doesn't just pick up players because they have talent; he has a job for them.”
Photo
When Belichick wanted to keep linebacker Junior Seau from retiring last year, he called Seau in San Diego. “I have a job for you,” Belichick told him.
And when he wants to show his linebackers today how to do the job — only when they mess up, Seau said — Belichick pulls out old black-and-white film of the Giants. Never, Seau said, does the viewing result in praise for the Patriots. “They've always done it better than us,” Seau said.
But those old linebackers had to be persuaded, too. Sometimes, Carson said, Belichick would draw plays on the board — rushing two defensive linemen and dropping nine, for example — that players thought would never work.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“We were skeptics initially, but he won us over and we bought into the system,” Carson said. “As I listen to what the Patriots are saying, I say that's from the playbook of Belichick and Bill Parcells. It's about team. Don't say anything to make people angry. Don't give anybody anything to write about.”
Belichick speaks so often about the Giants that linebacker Mike Vrabel has jokingly belittled the level of competition those teams faced. One day during training camp, Vrabel found a Giants helmet in his locker, courtesy of Belichick. A few years ago, Carson and Carl Banks stopped by Belichick's office before the Giants and the Patriots played a preseason game. “Man, I miss you guys,” Belichick told them. “I wish I had guys like you now.”
“Twelve years,” Belichick said last week. “Think of how many plays, how many games, how many snaps, how many practices, how many meetings. You learn so much. The whole composite, it's awesome.”
If they complete a perfect season Sunday, the 2007 Patriots will be viewed as one of the greatest teams in football history. But as Carson made his way through the Patriots' locker room after New England beat the Giants in the regular-season finale, two stars of Belichick's present approached a star from Belichick's past.
Carson could only laugh at what Tom Brady and Richard Seymour told him: “Bill is always talking about you guys.”
New research finds that divorce filings may be driven by a “domestic ritual” calendar governing family behavior.
After researchers at the University of Washington analyzed divorce filings in Washington State between 2001 and 2015, they found that filings consistently peaked in March and August, the period following winter and summer holidays.
According to associate sociology professor Dr. Julie Brines, winter and summer holidays are culturally sacred times for families, when filing for divorce is considered inappropriate, even taboo.
“People tend to face the holidays with rising expectations, despite what disappointments they might have had in years past,” Brines said. “They represent periods in the year when there's the anticipation or the opportunity for a new beginning, a new start, something different, a transition into a new period of life.
“It's like an optimism cycle, in a sense. They're very symbolically charged moments in time for the culture.”
But holidays are also emotionally charged and stressful for many couples and can expose fissures in a marriage, she noted.
The consistent pattern in filings reflects the disillusionment unhappy spouses feel when the holidays don't live up to expectations, according to the researchers. They may decide to file for divorce in August, following the family vacation and before the kids start school. But what explains the spike in March, several months after the winter holidays?
Couples need time to get finances in order, find an attorney or simply summon the courage to file for divorce, Brines suggested. Though the same considerations apply in summer, Brines thinks the start of the school year may hasten the timing, at least for couples with children.
Suicides also tend to peak in spring, and some experts have said the longer days and increased activity elevates mood enough to motivate people to act. Brines said she wonders if similar forces are at play with divorce filings.
Brines and her co-researcher, doctoral candidate Brian Serafini, weren't initially looking for a pattern in divorce filings when they set out to investigate the effects of the recession, such as rising unemployment rates and declining house values, on marital stability.
Poring over divorce filings for counties throughout Washington, they began noticing variations from month to month and were startled to see a pattern emerge.
“It was very robust from year to year, and very robust across counties,” Brines said.
The pattern persisted even after accounting for other seasonal factors, such as unemployment and the housing market, she noted.
The researchers reasoned that if the pattern was tied to family holidays, other court actions involving families — such as guardianship rulings — should show a similar pattern, while claims less related to family structure wouldn't. And they found exactly that: The timing of guardianship filings resembled that of divorce filings, but property claims, for example, did not.
The divorce filing pattern shifted somewhat during the recession, showing a peak earlier in the year and one in the fall, and more volatility overall. Given uncertainty about financial considerations like housing values and employment, it's not surprising the pattern was disrupted, Brines noted. But the shift in the pattern during the recession is not statistically significant, she said.
Their research excluded two of Washington's 39 counties, Lincoln and Wahkiakum. The small, rural counties are among few nationwide that allow marriages to be ended by mail, without a court appearance. Since anyone in Washington can file for divorce in the two counties, the researchers thought they would skew the results. The researchers figured filings might peak more quickly after the holidays, given the simpler process.
But they examined filings in Lincoln County, the only county to accept divorce by mail since 2001, and saw the same pattern, although more pronounced, as elsewhere in the state.
“That leads me to think that it takes some time emotionally for people to take this step,” Brines said. “Filing for divorce, whether you do it by mail or appear in court, is a big step.”
The researchers are now looking at whether the filing pattern they identified translates to other states.
They examined data for four other states — Ohio, Minnesota, Florida, and Arizona — that have similar divorce laws as Washington but differ in demographics and economic conditions, particularly during the recession. Florida and Arizona were among states hit the hardest by the real estate collapse, and Ohio had higher than average employment rates.
Despite those differences, the pattern persisted, according to Brines.
“What I can tell you is that the seasonal pattern of divorce filings is more or less the same,” she said.
The study was presented at the 111th Annual Meeting of the American Sociological Association (ASA).
Source: American Sociological Association
New Study Finds Seasonal Pattern to Divorce Filings
Dana Perino, the White House spokeswoman, said the White House had tried to compromise with House Democrats to help lawmakers obtain information from Mr. Bolten and Ms. Miers short of public testimony. “Many of the things that they asked for, we were willing to give,” she said. “But instead, they're going to waste time on this partisan, futile act.”
Normally, a Congressional subpoena would be enforced by the Justice Department. But the White House and Mr. Gonzales's successor, Attorney General Michael B. Mukasey, have already said that they will not pursue contempt charges against current and former White House officials who, they believe, are shielded from testimony by executive privilege.
That appeared to leave only two options for the House — seek the help of the federal judiciary to try to enforce the contempt citations or, less likely, hold its own trial on Capitol Hill for Mr. Bolten and Ms. Miers, similar to an impeachment trial. The House measure passed on Thursday gave explicit authority to House lawyers to “initiate or intervene in judicial proceedings” in federal court to enforce the subpoenas.
In a statement responding to the House vote, the Justice Department suggested that Mr. Mukasey had not made a final decision to rebuff the House request, but noted that “he did not expect that he would act in contravention of longstanding department precedent” against enforcing subpoenas against executive branch officials.
The chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Representative John Conyers Jr., a Michigan Democrat, said Thursday on the House floor that he had no choice but to pursue the contempt citations.
“The resolutions we are considering today are not steps that I as chairman take easily or lightly, but they are necessary to protect our constitutional prerogatives as a co-equal branch of government,” he said.
House Republican leaders described the contempt vote as a political ploy that drew time away from what they described as a much more important debate in Congress this week over extending a federal law to allow eavesdropping on domestic telephone calls and e-mails in pursuit of terrorists.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We have space on the calendar today for a politically charged fishing expedition but not space for a bill that would protect the American people from terrorists who want to kill us,” said Representative John A. Boehner of Ohio, the Republican House leader.
He then instructed other Republicans to exit the chamber in protest. “Let's just get up and leave,” Mr. Boehner said before storming off the House floor along with scores of his party's members.
The Senate has not yet scheduled a vote on the floor on the contempt citation that was approved by the Senate Judiciary Committee last December against Mr. Bolten and Mr. Rove, also over demands for information about the firing of the United States attorneys.
Before he became famous, the observant pop star gave up his career in order to stick to his Jewish beliefs.
Alex Clare is a pop star. His first hit, "Too Close," peaked at number four on the UK Singles Chart. It reached number seven in the US. Adele loves his music. Beyoncé wanted to record one of his songs. That's big time. It must be easy.
Well, almost easy.
Alex Clare is from London. His family is musical. He grew up listening to jazz, soul, hip hop, and punk. He loved music. He played the trumpet, drums, guitar, and sang. He wrote songs. And he was determined to make music his career.
Alex took his guitar to the pubs and sang. He played any gig that came his way. When there weren't gigs, he went to the open mics. He played every open mic in London – at least it seemed that way – and he fronted a few bands as well.
And it paid off. Alex met two producers – they were a team – and they offered him a contract. It was a production deal. They were going to produce his music and Alex was going to be big. It was that easy.
Except that the contract was terrible. Alex was a newbie, he didn't know what he was doing, and he got locked into a raw deal. “The first contract is always the worst,” Alex told me in an exclusive Aish.com interview. True. The Beatles started with a bad deal, too.
But he kept at it. About a year later he met a publisher. The publisher offered him another deal and it was a much better than the first. It was small – it wasn't for much money – but it was something. Alex signed. He was moving up; he had a decent publishing deal and his production contract was due to expire. Something better was bound to happen.
Alex is spiritual. He wanted to learn and explore. And the best place to start is your own backyard.
And something did, something big. Island Records was interested. Island is as big as it gets – think Bob Marley, U2 – did Alex want to sign with them? Oh yes. He signed, recorded his debut album, The Lateness of the Hour, and went to work promoting the album. He was ready to make it and this time it was for real. That was quick.
But nothing is ever that easy. It can't be.
Around the time that Alex was playing in bars he started thinking about religion. Alex is Jewish – not that he knew anything about Judaism; he was raised in a secular home, he didn't belong to a synagogue, and he wasn't from a Jewish section of London – but he is spiritual. He has an innate belief in God. He wanted to learn. He wanted to explore. And the best place to look – at least to start – is your own backyard.
Alex started with the Hebrew language. He took beginner classes: he learned the alphabet, words, and how to read. His Hebrew teachers introduced him to important Jewish texts. It was great stuff.
He loved the bible, the biblical stories, the characters, the drama. He dug that. He met a few rabbis – he dug them too – and they taught him the basics of Judaism. He studied. He learned. It was fascinating.
But for Alex, fascinating isn't enough. The more he learned, the more he wanted to try. He put some of the laws into practice. He tried observing the Sabbath. He tried Jewish prayer. He liked how it felt. He liked Judaism and he liked what it was doing for his life.
And by the time he signed with Island Records, he was keeping kosher, living in a Jewish neighborhood, and observing the Sabbath and holidays. So far so good.
Record companies don't care about your religious beliefs. It's not what they do. They aren't anti-religious, they are a-religious. They don't care. They are about selling music and making money.
And record companies are used to temperamental artists. They are used to dealing with weirdness. Odd living situations? Crazy diets? Ok. It comes with the territory. What musician isn't a wacko-paleo-vegan lunatic? You keep kosher? What else is new? And better a food nut than a drunk or drug addict. Worst case he gets really fat.
But Sabbath observance is another thing. A religious Christian would be thrilled to host a televised Christmas special. Why not? Sunday morning TV interviews? Sure. The more the better.
Not so for an up-and-coming growing-in-observance Jewish pop star. The Jewish Sabbath is off limits. No work after sundown Friday night. No gigs. Don't even ask.
As D-day for the release of Alex's album approached, the people at Island started setting up promotional appearances; TV, interviews, the whole nine. And for some odd, bizarre, difficult-to-explain reason, every appearance was scheduled for a Friday night.
And Alex said, “No.”
He said “No” a lot. It was as if every event or appearance his label arranged was on a Friday night. Alex was never available on a Friday night. Never. It wasn't going to happen.
“Alex, you are going to tour with Adele. It doesn't get any bigger.” Except that the tour started in April. That's Passover.
“Ok,” the record company said. “You have your religious beliefs. We respect that. We respect spirituality. That's cool.” And they meant it. The industry brass wanted to help. They wanted to make it work. Alex was Mr. No. Ok. But it was his religion. Fridays are no good. Ok. We'll work with that.
“Alex baby, Adele loves you. She loves your music. And Adele is hot. Huge. And – dig this – you are going to tour with Adele. It doesn't get any bigger. Tour starts in April.”
Great news. Tour with Adele. Sell records.
Except that the tour started in April. That's Passover. Alex wasn't about to perform on Passover. First and last days were out, plus the Sabbath and the intermediate days of the festival. Ten days off.
“Sorry I can't do it.” Mr. No.
The summer came and went. His album was released. Nothing. Crickets. A few random fans in Holland and Romania. Not enough to justify a tour. No radio play. Alex's career was stalled. He needed to promote his album. But his commitment to Judaism was making that difficult.
At the end of the summer Alex told the people at Island that the holidays were approaching. “I can't work Rosh Hashanah or Yom Kippur. I hope that is cool.” And it was cool. They understood.
That Yom Kippur Alex read the story of Rabbi Amnon of Mainz, the author of Unesaneh Tokef (a moving liturgical prayer read every Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur). The Bishop of Mainz gave Rabbi Amnon an ultimatum; convert to Christianity or die. Rabbi Amnon asked for three days to think about it. He went home and regretted asking for three days. He should have said, “No. Kill me now.” It wasn't a question. He was never converting. After three days, he told the Bishop, “No. I am not converting. And I regret not telling you that three days ago.” The Bishop was furious and Rabbi Amnon was tortured – his arms and legs were amputated one joint at a time – sent home, and died.
Alex took the story to heart: a Jew doesn't compromise his principles. Judaism is a serious commitment.
After Yom Kippur Alex turned on his cell phone. There was a message. It was from the record label. Good news. He had a gig – a big gig – in four days.
Uh-oh.
The label didn't know that Sukkot was in four days. More time off. Alex told them he couldn't do it. Mr. No. And the label said – they gave him an ultimatum – this is your last chance. If you can't make the gig it's over.
Alex was still thinking about Rabbi Amnon. He was inspired. He didn't need three days to make a decision. “Thanks, but no thanks. I can't make the gig.”
And that was it. He was dropped.
Dropped.
Plop.
It was over. O-V-E-R.
All that work, all those years, all those dreams. Done. No more music career. His name was mud. He was now Mr. Impossible-To-Work-With-In-The-Music-Industry. No one was ever going to book that crazy, religious fanatic, I-am-too-good-to-perform-on-Fridays-or-ever Alex Clare ever again.
It was depressing.
Alex discussed his life with his rabbi (Rabbi Dovid Tugendhaft of Nishmas Yisroel in London). His rabbi told him about Abraham (you know, Abraham, the biblical patriarch). Abraham had a moment like this too. Abraham invested his entire life in a dream. He was an idealist. He was going to change the world.
And then one day God told him to sacrifice his son.
Offer him up on an altar. Deny everything you believe. Give it all up.
And Abraham was stuck. He had to do it – he knew that – he didn't have a choice.
Abraham prepared to sacrifice his son. No more dream. No more idealism. No more changing the world. No one would ever listen to him again. It was over.
But what happened?
Alex already threw his career away. He was Abraham.
In the end Abraham didn't have to give up anything. But because he was willing to give it up – to sacrifice everything – he created his future. And not just his future, but the future for generations after him. The world is still living his dream. Half the planet believes his ideas of monotheism. He succeeded not in spite of his sacrifice, but because of his sacrifice.
Alex got the message. It was a powerful point. It was a nice idea – in theory – it wasn't so nice when it meant throwing away your entire career. But it was too late now. Alex already threw his career away. He was Abraham.
Well, almost Abraham. Unlike Abraham, Alex gave it all up for nothing.
A few months went by. Alex was Mr. Former-Almost-Rockstar. It was fun while it lasted. He still had his album. It was fun to produce and the songs were really good.
But.
One day the phone rang. It was Microsoft. They wanted to use his song “Too Close” to launch a new version of Internet Explorer. Did he mind?
No, not at all. Have a ball.
The song was used as the soundtrack for an ad featuring Internet Explorer 9. Microsoft wanted to push Internet Explorer 9 and launched a massive campaign. The ad was everywhere. And the song was everywhere. It was on every TV. It was played 24/7. You couldn't escape it.
And people loved his song. They bought it on iTunes. They watched it on YouTube. It climbed the charts. It was an international sensation. And, wow. All of a sudden Alex was Mr. New-Thing-With-A-Bullet.
By the end of the Microsoft campaign, Alex's album – The Lateness of the Hour – sold six million copies. The video for “Too Close” had 45 million views on YouTube. Alex was in demand. His career went from over to overdrive. He had fans. People wanted to hear him. He was big.
Just like that. It was his Abraham moment.
Last summer Alex played the major festivals. He shared the stage with the biggest names in music. (I saw his show at Lollapalooza. He sang for thousands of people and his tzi-tzis were out. “I thought that was great,” I told him. “I didn't do it on purpose,” he said. “The sun and the lights make the stage really hot.”)
His next album is almost done. There will be a tour to promote it. And then – hopefully – life will wind down to normal. He is a newlywed, he has a baby, and touring is no way to raise a family.
But settling down will be easy for Alex. He already gave it up once.
Extreme conditions often beget extreme machines, and so it was when the Iditabike race, a 1,000-mile point-to-point event that saw riders cross snow-covered Alaskan tundra, had competitors looking for a better tool for the job than a normal mountain bike. Enter the first fat bikes.
True mega-wide fatbike rims were many years off, however, so small-time frame and component manufacturers improvised by pairing two, or even three, rims beside each other and mounted up multiple tires in order to create the wider footprint that would keep the bike and rider from knifing through soft snow and losing speed or control.
While Clark-Kent's name might sound like it was lifted from the undercover superhero, it actually got its title when Pat Clark and Dean Kent, the two owners who founded the brand back in 1989, combined their surnames.Steel was really real back then, not in just the hip 'I don't care' way that it is now, with Clark-Kent building most of their road and mountain frames out of steel tubing, as well as using titanium for their high-end models. All of these frames were put together by five welders when the Colorado-based company was in its prime, and those assembled by master welders Don Herr and Ivo Vinklarek are still sought out by collectors to this day. Olympic gold medalist Alexi Grewal was a top racer who was on one in the early 1990s, and Herr and Vinklarek even welded LeMond's early road and mountain frames before production was moved to Litespeed and then Trek.Rumors point towards the deal to produce another brand's frames as one of the reasons for Clark-Kent's demise in the mid-1990s, along with outsourced manufacturing that was well below what the company was known for in their heyday. Before its death, however, Clark-Kent designed a suspension fork that was licensed to Scott (later named the Unishock), as well as an inverted suspension fork back in 1993 that sported wider than standard dropouts and disc brake tabs.Before that, and many years prior to Clark-Kent closing their doors, top welder Don Herr created two wild looking fatbikes. The one you see here is from sometime before 1992 and is in The Pro's Closet's museum in Boulder, Colorado. It's also said to be the sole surviving example, making it an especially important piece of history. But while Clark-Kent's storied past and unfortunate demise are well documented, the tale of their wild fatbike is much harder to piece together.Here's what little we do know about it.Clark-Kent's fatbike did exactly this, with two rims on each end of the bike that were welded together and then laced to a single hub by using an alternating pattern. Four Fisher FatTrax tires were put on the bike, two on the front and two on the back, in what must have been an interesting install, and each tire also had its own separate tube. One bike, four rims, four tires, and four tubes. And probably a lot of funny looks from other riders.The frame and fork were welded by Don Herr, with widely spaced seat and chainstays made to clear what looks to be at least a four-inch-wide tire and rim combo, along with an elevated chainstay design. Chainline issues meant that a five-speed freewheel was used rather than a standard seven-speed Shimano XT cassette that would have been available at the time, but a wide-range triple-ring crankset, complete with a tiny small chainring, supplied the gearing range required to move what must have been at least a 50lb bike (when loaded up with supplies) through the snow. Sounds like a fun time, right?It's been at least twenty-four years since Herr welded up the first Clark-Kent fatbike, and to say that things have moved on a bit would be a massive understatement. Now you can buy full-suspension fatbikes employing the latest technology, or even a carbon model, complete with matching carbon wheels, that weighs in around (or even under) the 20lb mark. But all that was kicked off by machines like Clark-Kent's fatbike, among others, that tested builders' ingenuity during a time when there were no off-the-shelf solutions.
Parents and community members are urging the Ministry of Education to push for sweeping change within the troubled York Region District School Board, including the dismissal of its director of education and hiring a public ombudsman to deal with complaints. The recommendations come as ministry investigators wrap up their investigation of the scandal-plagued board.
Charline Grant, a parent who has an ongoing human rights complaint against the York Region District School Board, "something strong has to be done in order for parents to believe things are going to change,” ( Cole Burston / For Toronto Star ) The troubled York Region District School Board is being reviewed by two Ministries of Education investigators who are due to issue their report in two weeks. ( Cole Burston / For Toronto Star )
Ministry troubleshooters Patrick Case and Sue Herbert have conducted more than 75 interviews involving about 125 people, including parents, community members, students, current and former staff, unions, professional associations and trustees, according to a ministry spokeswoman. An additional 200 individuals and groups have reached out through email. A list of seven recommendations on behalf of parents and community groups was sent to Case and Herbert on Friday, two weeks before they are to complete the investigation, as a follow-up to numerous meetings that have taken place over the past two months. “We hope that the input of parents and community members is valuable to you as you draft recommendations that will serve to assist the board in improving current practices and ensuring a safe and equitable environment for all students and stakeholders,” wrote Ihsaan Gardee, executive director of the National Council of Canadian Muslims, who sent the letter on behalf of parents and community groups such as the Markham Tamil Community Association, the Mosaic Institute and the Vaughan African Canadian Association, among others.
Article Continued Below
Among the recommendations: Modifying curricula from Grades 1 to 12 to include social justice and experiences of diverse communities. “Teachers should be provided with adequate resources and training to deliver such lessons, including at least one full day of annual training on diversity and equity issues;” Instituting an “arms-length” ombudsperson to ensure “there are accountability mechanisms and complaint avenues for any violations;” Removal of current Director of Education J. Philip Parappally and the reassignment of associate directors, who the parents say have all “contributed to and created a culture and structure that contributed to systemic racism;” Appointing a provincial supervisor to implement these recommendations.
“Moving around the people in the organization is like putting a Band-Aid on the problem and that wouldn't restore our trust,” said Charline Grant, one of the parents who have an ongoing human rights complaint against the board. “Something strong has to be done in order for parents to believe things are going to change,” said Grant. In an email to the Star through board spokesman Licinio Miguelo, Parappally said he remains “committed to providing safe, welcoming and inclusive learning environments for our students and staff members to succeed.”
Article Continued Below
“We have acknowledged that there are areas for improvement and we are confident that the ultimate recommendations from the review will benefit our organization and foster a common understanding of how to move forward with the community, the board and staff members,” he said. Heather Irwin, a ministry spokeswoman said at “the end of the review process, the reviewers will submit a report to (Education Minister Mitzie Hunter) that provides her with recommendations on how she may direct the board to ensure effective board governance that promotes equity, increases accountability and transparency and builds public confidence.” “Due to the significant implications of the review, it is essential that the minister take the necessary time to review the recommendations based on the concerns raised by local parents and community organizations,” said Irwin. The board has been under scrutiny over the past year, after concerns around its handling of racist and Islamophobic incidents, complaints about ineffective equity policies and trustee secrecy around international travel. The investigators' are due to report their findings by April 7.
Man who spent 20 years in prison for murder he did not commit describes his long fight for justice and how his children have changed his outlook
"I still trip up on kerbs" says John Kamara, "but maybe that's just because I'm not looking where I'm going."
There are no kerbs in prison. Crossing roads, judging traffic speed and remembering to step up to the pavement were some of the many hurdles Kamara faced when he was suddenly released after serving 20 years for a murder he did not commit.
Today is the 10th anniversary of his release. The decade has seen him plummet from euphoria to despair, wishing he was back inside, before reclaiming his life to forge a new future.
Today, he is the proud father of two young boys. He sits in his London home, telling a stream of funny stories about how he has spent the last 10 years.
The house is crammed with family life. Two years and a day after he stepped out of court an innocent man, Kamara's first son, William, was born.
Willy is a gentle seven-year-old who says his dad's "eyes look sad" in the TV footage of those early, traumatic months of freedom.
It was meeting his partner and the birth of their son that dramatically altered the course of his life.
"I used to think I'd go to the Caribbean, I'll get a brand-new Merc, then, when she was pregnant it was like: 'Oh, forget the Merc, better get a family car now,'" he says.
With his partner continuing to work, Kamara, a man who had spent 16 of his 20 years in solitary confinement, faced a new challenge – to become a modern man and embrace childcare.
Father and son made an unlikely addition to playgroups. "You'd go there and there'd be all women with babies. Then there'd be me. It was all tea and biscuits.
"At first, I'd get embarrassed, and then I'd say: 'Don't be worrying about me, I can gab as well.' I used to hear all their conversations about their husbands and then I'd see the husbands on the street and think: 'Oh, I know all about you.'"
He tells these stories with infectious humour, but this warm, easy manner belies the struggle he has faced ever since his arrest in 1981 for the murder of a Toxteth bookmaker. Convicted as a 24-year-old, his prison file shows he wrote more than 300,000 letters to MPs, campaigners and even the pope, fighting for his freedom with only the characters from Radio 4 dramas and the Archers on the radio in his cell for company.
It was the discovery of over 200 previously withheld witness statements that set Kamara's release on course.
Scheduled to last a week, the judges took only three days to quash the conviction. Handed £46 and a travel pass that ran out at 8pm, he rejoined the world with only the clothes on his back and denied the support automatically given to people rejoining society.
In those first months, he faced the prospect of life on the streets. With no national insurance number, he could not access benefits and so had neither a home nor money.
Later, he tracked down and tried to rebuild family relationships with siblings he had not seen for years. He met the father of the victim who, at the time of the trial, had called for him to be hanged.
The criminal justice system is littered with people who have been jailed for crimes they did not commit and most, when freedom came, struggled to release their minds from the injustice done. Kamara's nadir was when he realised he faced a new fight – to get compensation. "I was just waiting and waiting for the compensation, it took too long ... about five years to get the full [payment]," he says.
"Then they took £75,000 off me for the board and lodgings."
All the time he fought this deduction, the government refused to settle, instead giving him interim payments. "I think my biggest mistake was getting credit cards," he says. "At first, I couldn't close my wallet."
Unable to sleep at night, he would spend time walking around Alexandra Palace, in north London, near the home of Paddy Hill, one of the Birmingham Six, who he was staying with.
He would sit at the top of the hill and look at the twinkling lights, wishing he was back inside.
He passed his driving test and being on the road gave him the release he needed. "I'd just want to drive. I wanted to get out. I couldn't sleep. I'd drive up to Scotland, wake my brother up have a cup of tea and then say I'd better get back now."
When he was inside, Kamara would borrow books from the prison library. War and Peace was his favourite, and today it sits on the mantelpiece above the gas fire, mid-way through his seventh re-read.
Images from prison library books filled his head with places he wanted to see. Later, when he was in the middle of the driving phase, he would go to those sites.
"I couldn't sleep, and then I found I was parked outside Shakespeare's house in Stratford-upon-Avon or at Warwick Castle," he says.
Then started the foreign trips. "We went to Pompeii ... it was a photo I'd seen, apparently it was a bakery. I walked and walked and then found it and said: 'Go on, take a photo of me here' because I'd always remembered it".
Pursuit of a glimpse of the Mona Lisa followed ("rubbish"), the Eiffel Tower, the Leaning Tower of Pisa and a trip to Germany for the 2006 World Cup.
Four years ago, the Home Office accepted that some help must be given to victims of miscarriages of justice and made funding available to the Citizens Advice Bureau to set up a support service.
It helps with accessing services such as counselling or signing up with a GP, and with bureaucracy that can seem insurmountable to someone who has been denied autonomy for so long.
When Sean Hodgson was released in 2009 after serving 27 years for a rape and murder he did not commit, his solicitor, Julian Young, was contacted by the service.
Young says it "works heroically with a small budget" but believes what is needed is a dedicated hostel, with full back-up support, to which miscarriage victims can go on release.
Hodgson's release was assisted by the support service finding him a room in a hotel, but his existence there was a solitary one, left alone to assume responsibility for taking the extensive medication he needs to maintain his mental health and vulnerable to those who sought to exploit his anticipated wealth.
He would often while away time in the sanctuary of his solicitor's offices. "When he had a problem," says Young "he contacted us, somebody gave him drugs, he came to us, we would then call the support service or an ambulance but that kind of assistance should have been on hand."
With typical understatement, Kamara says: "What's helped me have been having a stable relationship with someone and the kids."
His eyes twinkle as he describes the moment his son won the outstanding pupil award at school.
On the way back from picking them up from school, I ask the children what they would like to be when they grow up. "A policeman," says Willy, seriously. His father's eyebrows shoot up.
Kamara concludes: "What really used to make me think was when I used to put the kids to bed.
"I sit there sometimes and think to myself: 'Bloody hell – if I didn't win that appeal, they wouldn't be here.' It really makes me think about why I was fighting."
Garrett came to Texas A&M as the #2 overall prospect in the nation, and the highest-rated defensive player the Aggies had ever signed. [5] As a true freshman in 2014, Garrett broke Texas A&M's freshman sack record of 5.5 in only six games. [6] [7] In only nine games, he broke Jadeveon Clowney 's SEC freshman sack record of eight. [8] Garrett finished the season with 11.5 sacks (second in the SEC), 53 total tackles, 14 tackles for loss, 10 quarterback hurries, and a blocked kick (which teammate Deshazor Everett returned for a touchdown against Auburn ). [5] [9] He was a consensus Freshman All-American and Freshman All-SEC selection. After the conclusion of the season, Garrett announced that he would undergo surgery to repair torn ligaments in his hand, an injury that occurred in the sixth game of the season against Mississippi State . [10]
On December 31, 2016, Garrett announced his decision to forgo his remaining eligibility and enter the 2017 NFL Draft. He was projected to be a top ten selection and was ranked No. 1 on ESPN analyst Mel Kiper Jr.'s big board.[31] Garrett attended the NFL Scouting Combine in Indianapolis and completed the majority of combine drills, but opted to skip the three-cone drill and short shuttle. Garrett solidified his position as a top ten with an impressive combine performance. His 41” vertical jump was the top performance of all defensive linemen and he also finished with the second best performance in the bench press and broad jump. Garrett also had the third fastest 40-yard dash of all defensive linemen at the combine, which highly impressed scouts due to his size.[32] On March 30, 2017, Garrett attended Texas A&M's Pro Day and chose to perform the 40-yard dash (4.65s), 20-yard dash (2.71), 10-yard dash (1.57s), and broad jump (10'6”).[33]
Garrett attended pre-draft visits with the Jacksonville Jaguars, San Francisco 49ers, and Chicago Bears.[34][35] At the conclusion of pre-draft process, Garrett was projected by NFL draft analyst and scouts to be the first overall player selected. He was ranked the top overall prospect and defensive end by Sports Illustrated, ESPN, Pro Football Focus, and DraftScout.com.[36][33][37][38] Garrett was also ranked the top edge rusher in the draft by NFL analyst Mike Mayock.[39]
Pre-draft measurables Ht Wt Arm length Hand size 40-yard dash 10-yd split 20-yd split 20-ss 3-cone Vert jump Broad BP 6 ft 4 1⁄ 4 in
(1.94 m) 272 lb
(123 kg) 35 1⁄ 4 in
(0.90 m) 10 1⁄ 4 in
(0.26 m) 4.64 s 1.63 s 2.68 s 41 in
(1.04 m) 10 ft 8 in
(3.25 m) 33 reps All values from NFL Combine[40] and Texas A&M Pro Day[33]
The Cleveland Browns selected Garrett with the first overall pick of the 2017 NFL Draft.[41][42] Garrett became the highest draft pick from Texas A&M in the history of the NFL draft.[43]
On May 19, 2017, the Cleveland Browns signed Garrett to a fully guaranteed four-year, $30.41 million contract that features a $20.25 million signing bonuses, offset language options, and a team option for a fifth year.[44][45]
Garrett in 2017 Browns' training camp
Garrett entered training camp slated as a starting defensive end.[46] Head coach Hue Jackson named Garrett and Emmanuel Ogbah the starting defensive ends to begin the regular season. They started the season alongside defensive tackles Trevon Coley and Jamie Meder.[47]
On September 7, 2017, Garrett suffered a high ankle sprain during practice, causing him to miss the start of the season.[48] After missing the first four games, Garrett finally played his first regular season game on October 8, 2017, where he sacked Josh McCown twice. The Browns lost to the Jets by a score of 17–14.[49] Despite having 4 sacks in his first 3 games, Garrett's injury woes continued as he sustained a concussion during Week 8 against the Tennessee Titans. Because he was on concussion protocol, he could not travel to London for the next game.[50]
Overall, Garrett recorded 28 combined tackles (16 solo), seven sacks, one pass defensed, and one fumble recovery during his rookie season. Due to injury he only played 11 of 16 games, but still finished first on the team in sacks.[51]
Garrett was named a defensive captain for the 2018 season.
Who Is That
If you enjoy this post, make sure you subscribe to Be A Good Dad to receive new posts in your email or feed reader
Pookie's speech teacher gave him a new homework assignment. We are supposed to read a book with lots of pictures with him and then on each page ask questions like “Who is wearing the green dress?” “Who is standing next to the river?”
Who questions.
Great job speech teacher. I love when they send home homework like this.
Pookie is having conversations much better than he was a year ago but it is still not anything like you would expect out of a nearly 6 year old. This is obviously a big deal because conversations are not just important for learning but just for socializing in general.
So we're working on it. Pookie does a pretty good job but one of the interesting things is that he doesn't always answer the Who questions appropriately. Sometimes you'll ask him stuff like “Who is standing next to the river?” and he'll say “Blue” because the water in the picture happens to be blue or he'll say “Right there” and point at the river.
We see that a lot with Pookie where we will ask him a question and he will say something that makes sense based on the words in the question but has nothing to do with the actual question. A lot of times if we just wait a few seconds or repeat the question, he'll give a more appropriate answer but not always.
So learning how to answer Who questions is about more than being able to figure out which person to talk about but also just knowing that Who means that you should be talking about a person at all.
Think about that. How many of you have to worry about explaining nuances like that to your 3 to 6 year olds? Most kids learn subtleties like that just by constantly being engaged in conversations. That's right. Most kids learn to have conversations by having conversations.
A lot of autistic children do not learn conversations that easily because they either don't have enough conversations to get enough practice or they just don't get those little subtleties just by hearing them over and over.
Some times it takes a little more work. But that does not give kids with autism an easy out and an excuse to not have these conversations. And it doesn't mean that parents/teachers should use the same techniques that would work with Geetle on an autistic child like Pookie.
Sometimes you just need to spend a little (or a lot) more time working on some of the automatic fundamentals that other people just learn through normal growing up magic.
I'm looking forward to getting Who under control so that we can move on to What and Where and When and How and Why.
Be Sociable, Share!
The boy had died at a Rajkot hospital yesterday, days after he was attacked with knief by unknown accused riding two motorcycles on the night of February 8 in Keshod in Junagadh district. (Photo: Representational Image)
Ahmedabad: An NRI couple was booked for allegedly murdering a boy, whom they adopted in 2015, so as to pocket the insurance amount of Rs 1.20 crore which they had taken as cover for the latter's life, police said.
Police lodged an FIR against Arti Loknath (53) and her husband Kanwaljitsinh Raijada (28), currently living in London, for allegedly being part of the conspiracy to murder Gopal (13), said Keshod police inspector Ashok Tilva.
"Arti and Kanwaljitsinh conspired with one Nitish Mund to adopt Gopal (13), get him insured and then kill him so that they could get insurance money. Nitish, who also lived in London before shifting here after his visa expired, had planned along with the couple since 2015 to kill Gopal," Tilva said.
The NRI couple's role was revealed after police arrested Nitish yesterday in connection with the murder.
The boy had died at a Rajkot hospital yesterday, days after he was attacked with knief by unknown accused riding two motorcycles on the night of February 8 in Keshod in Junagadh district.
Gopal was returning from Rajkot to his home town Maliya along with Nitish, Harsukh Patel, and one Mahadev, Tilva said.
He was living with Nitish who planned the attack by hiring two assailants for Rs 5 lakh each, Tilva said.
"Hired assailants attacked Gopal and Harsukh Patel after they came out of a vehicle at a pre-decided place at Keshod. We have initiated process to arrest the NRI couple who are at present in UK," Talvia said.
1.4k SHARES Facebook Twitter
One of the unique things about the Constitution of the United States was that it guaranteed certain rights for its citizens. Those rights provided the foundation for an era of freedom and prosperity that was pretty much unprecedented in human history and dozens of other nations eventually copied many of the ideas contained in our Constitution and Bill of Rights because they worked so well. Of course our system never functioned perfectly, but when you compare it to what has gone on for most of human history, it truly was a bright light in a sea of oppression and totalitarianism. Unfortunately, our rights are now being systematically taken away from us. In America today, the politicians have convinced most of us that in order to keep us all “safe” we must give up many of our rights and move toward becoming a totalitarian police state. In the “new America”, you don't get any rights. They tell us that giving people rights is too dangerous. Instead, you get some limited “privileges” which can be revoked at any time by the authorities. Sadly, most Americans have become so dumbed-down that they don't even realize what is happening.
How many Americans do you think have actually read the Constitution?
Personally, I went through high school, college and even law school without ever being required to read the Constitution of the United States.
Isn't that amazing?
Most Americans don't even understand that they have rights because they have never even read the documents that grant them those rights.
You can find the text of the U.S. Constitution right here. If you have never taken the time to read the whole thing, you really should.
According to the U.S. Constitution, the following are some of the rights that we are supposed to have….
-Freedom of religion
-Freedom of speech
-Freedom of the press
-Freedom of assembly
-Freedom to bear arms
-Freedom from unreasonable searches and seizures
-The right to due process of law
-The right to a speedy and public trial
-Freedom from cruel and unusual punishments
Unfortunately, all of those rights are under attack in America today.
In most cases, a right is not taken away all at once. Instead, opponents of these rights take what is known as an “incremental approach”.
For example, we are told that there are certain limits on the freedom of speech. We are told that we cannot yell “fire” in a crowded theater and we accept that because it sounds reasonable. But then once everyone agrees that there are “limits” on that right, the control freaks that run things just keep trying to tighten those limits in thousands of different ways until our freedom of speech is whittled away to almost nothing.
It is imperative that we stand up for our liberties and freedoms. If we don't defend them now, eventually they will be gone for good.
The following are some examples of how our rights are under attack in America today….
The federal government has become absolutely obsessed with monitoring everything that Americans say. These chills free speech because it gives people the feeling that there is always somebody “watching”.
It has recently been revealed that the Department of Homeland Security plans to monitor social media outlets on the Internet. If you use the wrong “keywords” or if you are a key “influencer” on the Internet, there is no doubt that someone from the federal government will be keeping tabs on you.
The following comes from a recent RT article….
Under the National Operations Center (NOC)'s Media Monitoring Initiative that came out of DHS headquarters in November, Washington has the written permission to retain data on users of social media and online networking platforms. Specifically, the DHS announced the NCO and its Office of Operations Coordination and Planning (OPS) can collect personal information from news anchors, journalists, reporters or anyone who may use “traditional and/or social media in real time to keep their audience situationally aware and informed.”
In particular, the powers that be seemed to have become absolutely fascinated with Facebook, Twitter and blogs.
As I have written about previously, the Federal Reserve has decided to start monitoring social media sites and blogs in order to keep track of what is being said about them.
And as a recent Fox News article detailed, the Department of Homeland Security is also developing such a system….
Though still in development, DHS is looking to establish a system for monitoring “forums, blogs, public websites and message boards.” The idea is to gather and analyze publicly available information, and then use that information to help officials respond to disasters and other situations.
So why do they have to spend so much time, energy and money keeping track of what we are all saying on the Internet?
Why don't they just let us be?
One would think that the federal government has bigger problems to deal with at this point.
Unfortunately, this trend toward endlessly snooping on American citizens is not likely to reverse any time soon.
So could what you say on the Internet get you labeled as a “trouble-maker” or as a “potential terrorist”?
Recently, Barack Obama signed a new law which allows the U.S. military to arrest “potential terrorists” on U.S. soil, hold them indefinitely without trial and even ship them off to Guantanamo Bay for endless “interrogation” sessions.
The insanity of this new law was detailed in a recent article by Henry Blodget….
The reason this law is horrifying is not that terrorists deserve to be handled with kid gloves. They don't. The reason it's horrifying is that, without due process, it is too easy for the government to just declare someone a terrorist who isn't actually a terrorist. It's too easy, in other words, for government employees to do what everyone else does: Make mistakes. If you don't think it's possible for the government to mistakenly assume that someone is a terrorist who isn't, read this story by Lakhdar Boumediene, who was just held as a terrorist by the U.S. government in Guantanamo for 7 and a half years. At Guantanamo, Boumediene says he was tortured for not telling his U.S. captors what they wanted to hear–that he was a terrorist. He was only eventually freed after his case went to the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court ruled that it might be a good idea to ask the government to present the evidence that led it to believe that Boumediene was a terrorist (the government didn't present any).
Sadly, according to Obama this new law just reaffirms what he already had the power to do. In his signing statement, Obama stated that he already had the authority to arrest American citizens, hold them without trial and ship them off to prison camps.
Of course that would come as a complete shock to the original drafters of the U.S. Constitution, but very few Americans seem concerned with what the U.S. Constitution actually says these days.
Now there is a new bill before Congress that would even give the federal government the power to instantly strip individuals of citizenship if they are suspected of being “hostile” to the United States.
It is known as the Enemy Expatriation Act, and you can read this new bill for yourself right here.
According to the bill, you can be stripped of your U.S. citizenship for “engaging in, or purposefully and materially supporting, hostilities against the United States.”
So what does it mean to “materially support” hostilities against the United States?
Does simply criticize the government fall under that category?
Unfortunately, when you have a law that is really vague it gives authorities the leeway to do pretty much whatever they want.
At least we still have the Internet where we can communicate with one another and share all of this information, right?
Well, maybe not for long.
As I have written about previously, a new law under consideration by Congress would permanently change the Internet forever and could potentially silence thousands of important voices. That is why we must stop SOPA. It is a horrible law which could be used to brutally censor the Internet.
Some of the biggest names in the Internet community are speaking out against SOPA. For example, a recent CNN article contained some stunning quotes about SOPA from one of the co-founders of Google….
Sergey Brin, co-founder of Google, has been outspoken against the efforts. The bills “give the U.S. government and copyright holders extraordinary powers including the ability to hijack DNS (the Internet's naming system) and censor search results (and this is even without so much as a proper court trial),” Brin wrote last month on his Google+ page as Congress was considering the measures. “While I support their goal of reducing copyright infringement (which I don't believe these acts would accomplish), I am shocked that our lawmakers would contemplate such measures that would put us on a par with the most oppressive nations in the world.”
Everywhere you turn these days, our liberties and our freedoms are being attacked. There is a relentless assault on everything that it means to be an American. No matter how hard you try, it just seems like you can't get away from it.
For example, many of us have been so disgusted with the TSA that we simply do not fly anymore.
Well, the TSA is not content to just monitor airports anymore. Now they are bringing their own special brand of “security” to thousands of other locations across the country as the Los Angeles Times recently detailed….
The Transportation Security Administration isn't just in airports anymore. TSA teams are increasingly conducting searches and screenings at train stations, subways, ferry terminals and other mass transit locations around the country. “We are not the Airport Security Administration,” said Ray Dineen, the air marshal in charge of the TSA office in Charlotte. “We take that transportation part seriously.” The TSA's 25 “viper” teams — for Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response — have run more than 9,300 unannounced checkpoints and other search operations in the last year. Department of Homeland Security officials have asked Congress for funding to add 12 more teams next year.
So even if you never fly again, there is still a good chance that you will get the “rubber glove treatment” from a TSA “viper team” at some point.
Without a doubt, this country is slowly becoming a giant prison.
And one group that gets targeted by the government almost more than anyone else is Christians. In America today, there is a war against Christianity. The Christian faith is being attacked in hundreds of different ways, and under the Obama administration this attack has only just intensified.
There seems to be an obsession with pushing Christianity out of every single shred of public life in this country. For example, family members were recently banned from bringing Bibles to wounded veterans at Walter Reed National Medical Center. The following is from a recent CNSNews article….
In a Sept. 14 policy memorandum, Col. Chuck Callahan, chief of staff of Walter Reed National Medical Center, banned family members from bringing Bibles and other “religious items” when visiting wounded military personnel at the facility.
Thankfully, this policy was later reversed after a tremendous national outcry, but there are dozens and dozens of other “policies” like this that have not been reversed.
They say that we still have “freedom of religion” in this country, but there is a non-stop effort to push it into a box that is getting smaller and smaller with each passing day.
Our 2nd Amendment rights area also being brutally assaulted.
Restrictions on gun owners keep getting tighter and tighter and tighter. Things have gotten so bad that now even gun manufacturers don't even know what is legal and what is not.
The following comes from a recent article in the Washington Times….
Despite overseeing an industry that includes machine guns and other deadly weapons, ATF regulations for the manufacture of weapons are often unclear, leading to reliance on a secretive system by which firearms manufacturers can submit proposed weapons for testing and find out one at a time whether they comply with the law, critics say. The ATF recommends that manufacturers voluntarily submit weapons for case-by-case determination. But those judgments are private and, it turns out, sometimes contradictory. Critics say nearly identical prototypes can be approved for one manufacturer but denied for another.
But it is not just the federal government that is becoming incredibly oppressive. We are seeing state and local governments all over the country also move in the direction of totalitarianism.
Here are just a couple of examples that have been brought to my attention in recent days….
*Up in Massachusetts, police were recently sent to collect an overdue library book from a 5-year-old girl.
*In St. Louis, a proposed law would make it mandatory to spay or neuter all cats and dogs and would make it mandatory to microchip all cats and dogs.
When you step back and look at the bigger picture, a clear trend emerges.
As 2012 began, over 40,000 new laws went into effect all over America. Some of these new laws are good, but most of them are about restricting the liberties and freedoms of individual Americans.
We have become a nation of control freaks.
In the final analysis, we don't have any absolute rights anymore. Instead, what we have are “privileges” that are being systematically stripped away.
But this is not how America was supposed to be.
We were supposed to be the freest nation on the face of the earth.
So what in the world happened to us?
1 of 8
Nathaniel S. Butler/Getty Images
New Orleans Pelicans
It's not clear what the New Orleans Pelicans were supposed to be this season—a low-end playoff seed or mid-tier postseason squad. But they were definitely projected to be better than one of the four worst teams in the Western Conference.
Four of the Pelicans' five most-used lineups are registering a positive net rating, so there's that. But they still don't have a top-15 offense or defense, and lineups that feature Anthony Davis and Jrue Holiday have, by and large, fallen back down to earth.
Rajon Rondo
The Chicago Bulls are pumping in more points per 100 possessions with Rajon Rondo on the floor, but to say the point guard is validating himself as a quality pickup would be a stretch.
Rondo is shooting under 40 percent from the field, and his turnover rate is nearly six percentage points higher than his usage rate, which is gross. Many of the Bulls' best lineups that include Jimmy Butler and Dwyane Wade do not feature Rondo, and the defense sputters whenever he's on the court.
Smart people knew Rondo wouldn't have an immeasurably profound impact on the Bulls. But it didn't take a hopeless romantic to think he might be a more valuable contributor—or at least resist the urge to throw a towel at an assistant coach.
San Antonio Spurs' Pick-and-Roll Defense
We should have expected the San Antonio Spurs' pick-and-roll prevention to regress. Tony Parker is 34, Boris Diaw isn't there to make switches easier and with Tim Duncan retired, the Spurs don't have the rim protectors to allow their perimeter corps unconditional aggression.
There is nevertheless something unsettling about San Antonio dwelling inside the bottom 10 of points allowed per possession against pick-and-roll ball-handlers, and in the bottom four when defending divers.
No matter what the roster looked like, the assumption was always that the Spurs would figure it out because they're the Spurs. And though this glaring imperfection hasn't prevented them from deploying a top-three defense overall, it's enough to make you wonder whether this year's team is—gasp—made up of regular human beings rather than the normal mix of extraterrestrial superheroes.
Lonzo Ball's list of celebrity supporters just keeps growing and growing.
Now, the Los Angeles Lakers rookie's shoe brand has a glowing endorsement from hip-hop royalty.
While appearing on Part 1 of an exclusive Rap Radar Podcast interview broadcast on his music service, Tidal, Jay-Z told interviewer Elliott Wilson that he purchased three pairs of BBB shoes.
He explained that despite LaVar Ball's loud antics, he supports his vision to start his own brand for his son.
"He may go about things wrong, he may have a big mouth...but I bought three pairs. I didn't get them, but that man has a vision of his own.
"Why wouldn't I support him? He feels like he can move culture and his son got a big enough name and a big enough brand that they can do it.
"... Why do we (African Americans) get so upset when we—us, as a culture—wanna start our own s--t? That s--t is puzzling to me."
NEW YORK -- Investigative reporter Wayne Barrett, a scourge of New York City power brokers from Rudolph Giuliani to Michael Bloomberg during a decades-long career with the Village Voice and an early and tenacious chronicler of President-elect Donald Trump, died Thursday at age 71.
Barrett, who had been battling interstitial lung disease, died at NYU Langone Medical Center, his family told the Associated Press.
Wayne Barrett On Giuliani
Starting in the 1970s, there was no more dedicated muckraker than the gruff, relentless Barrett, a self-described "country boy from Lynchburg, Virginia" and graduate of Columbia University's journalism school who evolved from founding a teen Republican group to becoming an impassioned leftist as an adult. Fellow journalists, many of whom tweeted tributes upon learning of his death, regarded him as a role model. Even some politicians, at times grudgingly, acknowledged his skills and integrity.
"I tell the young people still drawn to this duty that it is the most honorable one in America, and that I have never met a corrupt journalist," Barrett wrote in his farewell column for the Voice, which laid him off at the end of 2010 after more than 30 years.
Bloomberg, the city's mayor from 2002-2013, said in a statement that while no elected official always "saw eye-to-eye" with Barrett, he "respected his deep sense of moral purpose and encyclopedic knowledge of politics."
"I had the chance to break bread with him on occasion, and behind the scathing pen he wielded was a good guy with a big heart who loved New York City," Bloomberg said.
Barrett's many scoops ranged from the criminal past of Giuliani's father to the many votes missed by then-Sen. Alfonse D'Amato, who had accused the man who would defeat him for re-election in 1998, Democrat Charles Schumer, of similar lapses. Schumer would later say the revelation helped him win. D'Amato would call Barrett a "viper."
"Mr. Barrett has become the unrivaled master of long, dense articles about the unsavory side of New York's political culture," The New York Times wrote of him in 2011. "He has passed decades digging through government archives, court transcripts, property records, police blotters and campaign filings, weaving tales of corruption and hypocrisy involving union leaders, neighborhood power brokers, real estate developers, mayors and governors."
Few reporters knew Mr. Trump as well as did Barrett, whose death came on the eve of Mr. Trump's swearing in as the country's 45th president. He began covering the budding real-estate developer in the late 1970s and his expertise and the cache of records sitting in his basement drew dozens of reporters from around the world after Mr. Trump declared his candidacy in June 2015.
"The most remarkable thing is that the leading birther in the United States is succeeding this president (Obama), Barrett told "Democracy Now!" interviewer Amy Goodman shortly after Mr. Trump's stunning defeat of Democrat Hillary Clinton. "It's just -- I mean, I just -- I can't imagine it."
Barrett's "Trump: The Deals and the Downfalls," published in 1992, uncovered Mr. Trump's ties to various unsavory characters involved with the construction of Trump Tower, investigated claims of bias against prospective black tenants in Trump buildings and prompted gaming officials in New Jersey to probe various Trump associations. Barrett also wrote books on Giuliani and another New York mayor, Edward I. Koch, co-authored with his Voice mentor, the late Jack Newfield.
In recent years, he was a contributor to Newsweek/The Daily Beast and a fellow at The Nation Institute. He is survived by his wife, Fran; his son, Mac, and a legion of former Voice interns and Columbia graduate students whom he mentored.
His Trump book was republished last year as "Trump: The Greatest Show on Earth: The Deals, the Downfall, The Reinvention." In the new edition's introduction, Barrett noted his increasingly contentious relationship with Trump, beginning with limousine rides and penthouse conversations, but soon leading to threats of legal action and, in Trump's memoir "Surviving at the Top," accusations of quoting him out of context and of "vicious" coverage.
Barrett did try to speak with Mr. Trump for his investigative book. In 1990, after repeated efforts for an interview, he slipped past security at a Mr. Trump birthday party in Atlantic City, but was quickly handcuffed and arrested for trespassing.
"Atlantic City cops who doubled as part-time Trump security even confiscated my pocket tape recorder," he wrote. "When I was chained to the wall in an Atlantic City holding pen for hours that night -- also by cops who were moonlight for Donald -- I began to get the point: Trump had decided not to cooperate with this book."
Michael Fassbender stars as the title character in Justin Kurzel's verion of Shakespeare's Scotland-set play, opposite Marion Cotillard as his ambitious wife.
Show people may superstitiously refuse to call Macbeth anything other than "the Scottish play," but the producers of this latest film version have lucked out by assembling cast and crew elements that make for an intensely compelling work. Although tradition is upheld with a Dark Ages-Early Christian period setting, actually shot in Scotland for once (unlike the 1971 Roman Polanski version), in most other respects Australian director Justin Kurzel (Snowtown) filters Shakespeare's tragic story of murderous ambition through a resolutely modern sensibility. Comparisons with Game of Thrones will be inevitable, and not always flatteringly intended, but they won't be wide off the mark.
With its foregrounded class conflict, horror-movie spookiness and — most importantly — use of brutal violence, it's an adaptation that has a much better chance than most Bard-based works of crossing-over to audiences beyond the arthouses. The play's evergreen popularity in high-school syllabi should help that along, as will the growing box-office draw of Michael Fassbender, sexy, charismatic and later poignant in the title role, opposite a surprisingly cast but completely persuasive Marion Cotillard as his manipulative wife.
Read more The Weinstein Co. Nabs Michael Fassbender Starrer 'Macbeth'
The one constituency that probably won't look especially kindly on this will be stringent Shakespeare purists, who might start with scoffing at why three people (Todd Louiso, Jacob Koskoff and Michael Lesslie) are credited for the screenplay before Shakespeare's name even gets a mention. (Presumably, they collaborated on trimming down the dialogue and plotting several wordless scenes not in the original.) Viewers accustomed to theatrical versions of Shakespeare may also be considerably less impressed. A well-trained stage actor should be able to find a way to make nearly every word, however archaic, sound comprehensible as well as audible. Although the film's press notes talk up how much the whole cast worked with coach Neil Swain to refine their delivery, there's an awful lot of mumbling going on here, and a sense that while the emotion might be discernible in the performer's face, it's like some kind of free-floating entity not tethered to what's coming out of his or her mouth. At times, some might as well be reciting names from the phone book instead of the free verse.
That's not necessarily a bad thing. Kurzel's debut feature, fact-based serial killer drama Snowtown, leaned so heavily on low-key performances and dialed-up, cuss-word rich speech, it achieved quasi-documentary levels of naturalism. Macbeth's cast sticks to a very similar register here, pitching lines laconically, in almost conversational fashion. The style is established from the off, after a touching opener that observes Macbeth and Lady Macbeth laying to rest their dead child, with the meeting of the three witches. They are a Scots-accented, generation-spanning trio who gather in the mist to discuss Macbeth's fate with flat, cackle-free voices, like housewives sharing a recipe for Dundee cake. Dialogue aside, they only way you might know they're witches is because they have weird markings between their eyebrows, like vestigial gills or scars left over after the removal of a third eye.
The whole opening act is punchy as hell, as Kurzel and crack editor Chris Dickens (Slumdog Millionaire, Shaun of the Dead) deftly weave together contracted versions of key scenes and invented sequences that usefully fill out the story — like a battle that sees Macbeth, his right-hand man Banquo (Paddy Considine) and their men defeat invading Norsemen and the traitor Macdonwald, all done with a mix of slo-mo and drop-frame speed that emphasizes the carnage and chaos of medieval warfare. A young man, who might have been a son or just a squire for the soon-to-be-elevated Thane of Glamis, lies butchered on the battlefield — a ghost, blackened and blood-smeared. But like all the other supernatural elements, he is just a matter of fact part of this world, who holds out the dagger to Macbeth for the "is this a dagger I see before me?" speech just before the murder of King Duncan (David Thewlis, whom you can tell is meant to be the king because — to quote Monty Python and the Holy Grail — he "hasn't got shit all over him").
Mostly, Kurzel and the screenwriters' add ins are felicitous inventions like the above, but some are perhaps a little too on the nose, like having Macbeth and Lady Macbeth literally humping on a tabletop for the "screw your courage to the sticking point" speech, though it can't be denied that the two actors have rapturous, swooning chemistry together.
Otherwise, a lot of the extra-textual additions work to flesh out Lady Macbeth's character and make her less than a stock scheming bitch and more comprehensible as a woman driven by frustration, grief and, yes, greed. Cotillard's French accent effectively underscores her otherness, suggesting that she might be the equivalent, with her Medusa braids and outre, Adam Ant-style smear of blue eyeshadow, of a medieval mail-order bride who'd understandably like a better life than the hardscrabble of survival in a shabby tent watching her children die. It's a smart move, making her a witness to the death of Lady Macduff, thus precipitating her guilt-fueled breakdown later. Cotillard nails the character's final, "out damn spot" monologue with a display of cracked sanity and despair that will surely reap this already much admired actress further awards recognition.
Fassbender's turn may be only fractionally less impressive because the audience knows that English is already his first language, even if famously he's also fluent in German, his father-tongue. His Scottish accent is a bit wobbly in places, but that's nitpicking when you consider how much else he brings to the role — swagger, a credible military-man's mien and layers of self-doubt that rupture the cocky, tyrannical surface by degrees once he's grabbed the crown. But there's also a sneering streak of cruelty that rubs out any nobility to his plight; he's almost literally a man possessed by a demonic ambition, a point underscored by a slyly hilarious steal from Paranormal Activity at one point.
Read more Cannes: Justin Kurzel on What Makes 'Macbeth' a Western (Q&A)
Other film references, for instance to Throne of Blood in the red-filtered climactic showdown with Macduff (Sean Harris) are possibly a bit too knowing, but otherwise Kurzel's visceral approach consistently pays dividends. Kurzel's DP from Snowtown, Adam Arkapaw (who also shot Animal Kingdom, a gangland tale of another sort), exploits the inherent pitilessness of high-definition to enhance the immediacy, while the collaboration between production designer Fiona Crombie and Brit costume designer Jacqueline Durran produces some breathtaking visual textures. Although the outdoor locations are all Scotland, exploiting the eerie treeless landscapes for their full desolate potential, Crombie makes inspired use of Ely Cathedral and its soaring vaults and massive spaces for Macbeth's royal abode.
Production companies: A Studiocanal, Film4 presentation of a Film4 in association with DMC Film, Anton Capital Entertainment, Creative Scotland of a See-Saw Films production
Cast: Michael Fassbender, Marion Cotillard, Paddy Considine, David Thewlis, Sean Harris, Jack Reynor, Elizabeth Debicki, David Hayman, Maurice Roeves, Ross Anderson, James Harkness
Director: Justin Kurzel
Screenwriters:Todd Louiso, Jacob Koskoff, Michael Lesslie, based on the play by William Shakespeare
Producers: Iain Canning, Emile Sherman, Laura Hastings-Smith
Executive producers: Tessa Ross, Olivier Courson, Danny Perkins, Jenny Borgars, Bob Weinstein, Harvey Weinstein
Director of photography: Adam Arkapaw
Editor: Chris Dickens
Production designer: Fiona Crombie
Costume designer: Jacqueline Durran
Casting: Jina Jay
Make-up and hair designer: Jenny Shircore
Sales: Studiocanal
No rating, 113 minutes
[Read Archer's 24 Bond movie reviews below] We asked FX's superspy Sterling Archer to take a break from saving the world and nuking his liver to work as EW's film critic this week. His assignment? Review every single James Bond movie! Not only did Sterling agree to solace our quantum, Archer showrunner Adam Reed and his team made a video of Sterling critiquing some of his favorites. The video is above, and below are ALL of his written reviews. Be sure to watch the return of Archer on March 31 as his team relocates to L.A. and opens a private detective agency. Now here's Sterling:
“In the first film of the series, James Bond, played by Sean Connery's eyebrows, goes to Jamaica and stops the evil Dr. No from disrupting the Project Mercury space launch.”
LIKE: “There's a character named Puss Feller!”
DISLIKE: “Sean Connery has the arms of a 15-year-old boy. Seriously, it looks like he's never even tried shower sex.”
“Bond must foil SPECTRE (Some Pretty Evil Cat-loving Terrorists who Ransom Everything)'s plan to steal a Lektor decoding device from the Soviets and sell it back to them.”
LIKE: “Bond gets attacked by a woman with poisonous toe-spikes, which are pretty much exactly ! what they sound like. Bond kills her (and the audience) with the line, ‘… she had her kicks.' “
DISLIKE: “Donald ‘Red' Grant's (Robert Shaw) distractingly small nipples.”
Everett Collection
“Bond must stop bullion dealer Auric Goldfinger, played by Gert Fröbe (talented violinist/Nazi), from breaking into the gold reserve at Fort Knox.”
LIKE: “Goldfinger's personal pilot: Pussy Galore! One time I got a lap dance from a stripper named Lada Moning, but Pussy wins. Pussy always wins.”
DISLIKE: “The only thing worse than playing golf is watching people play golf.”
Everett Collection
“Bond is sent to recover two highjacked warheads in the Bahamas where he gets into an underwater battle that's nine minutes too long.”
LIKE: “The classic line where a woman in a bathtub asks Bond, ‘… would you mind giving me something to put on?' and he hands her a pair of heels. I tried that with Lana once and she stabbed me in the hand with a corkscrew.”
DISLIKE: “Bond gets thrown into a pool of sharks and doesn't fight a single one. Way to give the people what they want, Connery.”
“After the highjacking of an American spacecraft, Sean Connery, a 6-foot-2-inch Scotsman, is sent to Japan where he fools everybody by disguising himself as a Japanese fisherman.”
LIKE: “Written by Roald Dahl? Who knew!”
DISLIKE: “Bond tires to transform into a Japanese fisherman but he ends up looking like Spock. This is why I only do mustaches.”
Everett Collection
“Bond goes to the Swiss Alps to track the head of SPECTRE, Blofeld, who has established a clinical allergy-research institute for female patients where the only cure is George Lazenby's penis.”
LIKE: “‘Intense bobsled chase' doesn't seem like three words that should be next to each other but it totally works.”
DISLIKE: “George Lazenby's ears. Did nobody have safety pins on set?”
NEXT PAGE: Diamonds Are Forever through For Your Eyes Only …
[pagebreak]
“Bond is tasked with investigating a major diamond smuggling ring. He is given a case of diamonds and moves through the chain that leads him to the Whyte House in Vegas, shot on location with real alive prostitutes.”
LIKE: “An elephant pulls a slot machine.
DISLIKE: “The scene where Bond escapes on a stolen 10 miles-per-hour moon buggy is even less enthralling than it sounds.”
“Bond investigates the operations of a ruthless gangster/heroin trafficker whose alter ego is the dictator of a Caribbean island, a place created from the depths of Ian Fleming's racist imagination.”
LIKE: “The speedboat chase scene in the Bayou Des Allemands, ‘The Catfish Capital of the Universe' (their words).” DISLIKE: “Two words: crocodile farm.”
“Bond is sent to retrieve a device that can harness solar power from Francisco Scaramanga, an assassin with a third nipple who — did I mention has a third nipple? Just wanted to nipple check.”
LIKE: “AMC Hornet X 360-degree mid-air twisting corkscrew jump across a broken bridge in Thailand. One of my favorite stunts of the whole series.”
DISLIKE: The third nipple, obviously.
“Bond investigates the disappearance of British and Soviet ballistic-missile submarines and is led to Karl Stromberg, a man who wants to destroy the world and live under the sea like a grumpy old mermaid.”
LIKE: “JAWS! Played by the 7'2” Richard Kiel, this henchman bit a goddamn shark.”
DISLIKE: “Bond's submarine car would have been much more impressive if it wasn't a Lotus Esprit.”
“Bond must stop Hugo Drax, business tycoon and Kim Jong-un dress alike, from destroying all human life and starting a new civilization on his undetectable space station.”
LIKE: “Aww Jaws falls in love. Oh, and he also BITES THROUGH A CABLE CAR WIRE.”
DISLIKE: “Part of me wanted to see an anaconda eat Roger Moore whole.”
“Bond is sent to recover an Automatic Targeting Attack Communicator (ATAC), a mission that requires him to fight off hockey players, a biathlete and a horny teenaged figure skater.”
LIKE: “One of the better assassination attempts of the series. Bond gets tied to the back of a boat and dragged through coral which, honestly, sounds like the absolute worst.”
DISLIKE: “Luckily, Bond resisted the young figure skater's attempt to go for the gold. I've been there before. Those slutty ninjas are hard to fight off.”
NEXT PAGE: Octopussy through Tomorrow Never Dies ...
[pagebreak]
Getty Images
“Bond must stop Orlov, a renegade Soviet general with eight vaginas, from expanding Soviet borders by blowing up a U.S. airbase with a nuclear warhead.”
LIKE: “Bond tells a tiger to ‘sit' — and it does!”
DISLIKE: “Octopussy was given that nickname by her father. Ew.”
Everett Collection
“Bond must foil industrialist Max Zorin's plan to destroy Silicon Valley, which would therefore eliminate his competition against other nerdy millionaires.”
LIKE: Zorin, played by Christopher Walken, was the product of a Nazi scientist which is disturbing. Just look at Krieger. He'll eat from fast food bags he finds on subway seats.
DISLIKE: “Why is Zorin's lover dressed like a Disney villainess?”
Georges De Keerle/Getty Images
“Played by Timothy Dalton's adorable chin dimple, James Bond investigates a scheme by a KGB officer and an arms dealer to embezzle KGB funds and use them to purchase diamonds and drugs.”
LIKE: “Did you know Timothy Dalton dated Whoopi Goldberg?
DISLIKE: “The Atlas Mountains were beautiful, but think about all of its native inhabitants that have gone extinct: the Barbary Lion, the Barbary Leopard and the Atlas Bear. It's just kind of sad, that's all.”
“Bond becomes a rogue agent once he seeks to kill Sanchez, a drug lord who maimed his friend, CIA agent Felix Leiter, with a shark. He also raped and murdered Felix's wife (not with a shark).”
LIKE: “Do you want to see some guy's head explode in a diving chamber? Well, you're in luck.”
DISLIKE: “What is Wayne Newton doing in this movie? Get him out of here, danke schön.”
Keith Hamshere/Getty Images
“Bond must stop a presumed dead MI6 agent from stealing money from the Bank of England via wire transfers before erasing their bank records. So non-confrontational. So British.”
LIKE: “Bond steals a tank and plows through St. Petersburg. Then again, who hasn't?”
DISLIKE: “Good news for you synthesizer music lovers out there: it's in pretty much every scene.”
Everett Collection
“Bond and Chinese agent Wai Lin follow media mogul Elliot Carver, who had used a stolen GPS encoder to incite a war between China and Britain for ratings because, who wouldn't watch that?”
LIKE: “Bond has to escape on a motorcycle through the streets of Saigon while handcuffed to a beautiful woman? Excuse me while I cross my legs to hide my erection.”
DISLIKE: “Pierce Brosnan dresses like a Holiday Inn hotel manager.”
NEXT: The World is Not Enough through Spectre.
[pagebreak]
Keith Hamshere/Getty Images
“Bond must prevent a KGB-agent-turned-terrorist and an oil heiress from blowing up a submarine to increase the value of a pipeline. He is assisted by a nuclear physicist, Christmas Jones, who was named that so Pierce Brosnan could say at the end of the film, ‘I thought Christmas only comes once a year.'”
LIKE: “Sunglasses that enable X-ray vision for finding concealed weapons but mostly lace lingerie.”
DISLIKE: “Robbie Coltrane falls into a pit of caviar and acts upset? I'd take a book in there with me.”
Keith Hamshere
“Bond must stop Colonel Tan-Sun Moon from reuniting North and South Korea by force. Moon's plan includes transforming into a white British billionaire but hey, I guess the Moon's the limit. Which reminds me, if you like cheesy one-liners, this movie is chock-full of them.”
LIKE: “Halle Berry's haircut. And just Halle Berry in general.”
DISLIKE: “Madonna's unnecessary cameo as a fencing instructor. I can only imagine her conversation with the producers went something like this. Madonna: ‘Can I be the Bond girl?' [Seven seconds of silence]. Producers: ‘We'll find ya something!'”
Jay Maidment
“Bond must defeat a weapons dealer by playing the world's longest game of poker.”
LIKE: “I drank six Tom Collinses and took an hour-long nap. And I really needed that.”
DISLIKE: “As a secret agent, you learn to get in and out quickly, and that's something this director clearly did not do while directing these scenes. Sorry. Gin makes me grouchy.”
“Bond uncovers a plot between an environmentalist, Dominic Greene, and an exiled Bolivian General that would give Greene a monopoly to run the water supply to Bolivia. Just imagine how terrible that would be for nobody at all except Bolivia.”
LIKE: “The shortest running time of all Bond movies.”
DISLIKE: “Dominic Green as a villain. Then again, nothing is scarier than an economic predator. Except for an apex predator. Or just a Predator. Or a Predator II.”
Francois Duhamel
“After being presumed dead, Bond goes in hiding where he gets drunk off of scorpion shots and is presumed wasted. He returns to duty to stop Raoul Silva, a vengeful former MI6 agent who plans to ruin M's reputation before murdering her.”
LIKE: “Bond gets a Walther PPK 9mm with micro dermal sensor to grip so only he can fire it? (wipes drool with sleeve).”
DISLIKE: “Javier Bardem's haunting analogy about rats eating each other kept me up last night. I ended up grilling a cheese and watching Antiques Roadshow.”
Jonathan Olley
“Bond walks to the ends of the earth to … eh … I'll be honest, I walked into the wrong theater and just sat through The Peanuts Movie.”
LIKE: “I was the only person in the theater.”
DISLIKE: “Charlie Brown plays it safe too much.”
As the world saw, the Los Angeles Police Department marched 1,400 of its finest to the Occupy LA City Hall encampment just after midnight Tuesday night and spent the rest of the night rather decorously dismantling the camp, arresting 300 Occupy volunteers and restoring order by dawn.
As a military maneuver, the “Occupy LA Eviction” will doubtless become a much-read chapter for policing civic disorder. As a primer on how political leaders engage civil unrest? Sorry. Birdcage lining so far.
True, there were a few reports of police violence, but just a few — and no pepper-spray, no rubber bullets, no clubbings and kickings that disgraced New York's, UC Davis's, and Oakland's police departments and political leaders.
From the start two months ago, Chief Charlie Beck‘s men and women in blue took a different tack than police forces elsewhere. On my first visit to Occupy LA, a young officer gave me a nod and a wave and said, “How's it going, Bro?”
Bro?
And on subsequent visits — even on the night of the eviction — you could go up to most any officer and get a civil response to a civil question.
Certainly, those responses were orchestrated, but they seemed sincere, as if the officers understood that the Occupiers' battle was with the 1%, not the police.
Here's how one respondent to last week's survey put it:
“I am really really impressed. Chief Beck Deserves a great deal of credit. I have been at the site many times (we live on 1st Street) and always the police that I witnessed were fair and cordial, even when walking among some crazies.”
We may hate that Occupy LA is at least temporarily dismantled, but clearly Chief Beck and the LAPD did a stand-up job for their work on the eviction.
(Now, though, we hear reports that jail guards are taking their vengeance out on the arrestees still in jail two days later, denying them food and water, beating them, sending a message out of sight, while the city attorney jacks up their bail unreasonably. If true, that would quickly undo any good will the police built up with in the public spotlight.)
City Leaders Pass on Opportunity So Far
Early on, LA's City Council passed a resolution in support of Occupy LA goals, a sentiment Mayor Villaraigosa echoed from time to time. And in the week before the eviction, the Mayor's office reportedly made an offer of office space and camping permission on the land that used to house the South LA Farm, if the Occupiers would strike their camp.
But the offer was as quickly withdrawn as it was rejected by Occupy LA — and some wondered whether it was ever real — and we have yet to see a proactive response from City Hall to address the deeply felt grievances expressed by the hundreds of Occupy LA campers and the thousands, perhaps tens or even hundreds of thousands, of Angelenos who support them.
From the start, Occupy LA wanted to tell the world that our society is broken, that the cards are stacked so firmly and unfairly in favor of the very wealthiest among us that the lives of many Americans are greatly diminished, a message Occupy camps all across the country have delivered in spades. So, mission accomplished, message delivered.
Beyond that, as people always seem to point to the Occupy Movement for answers, the ball is also in City Hall's court.
What could City Hall do?
Well, how about solving LA's decades-long homeless problem — not managing the problem and keeping our tens of thousands of homeless out of sight, but solving it, vowing that in some set number of years, LA will drastically reduce the number of people eating out of garbage cans and living homeless on our streets, doing so in a humane and lasting fashion?
Taxpayer money targeted for a new football stadium could be redirected to pay for removing this persistent public relations black eye and humanitarian disgrace. Building a new stadium — and selling it on the temporary construction jobs and long-term peanut vendor gigs it would create — is a solution for the 1%. Solving LA's homeless problem is a solution for the 99%.
Councilman Bill Rosendahl offered to set up an Occupy discussion. Maybe this would be a place to start.
What Should Occupy LA Do?
Although events have eclipsed last week's survey, most respondents (55%) felt the Occupiers should have taken the office space offer, with 34% thinking they should have dug in and turned down the offer.
Summing up the case for resisting:
“The Occupy movement if it works at all does so because it is an eyesore like 400,000 people in Tahrir Square in Egypt. With a mainstream media that blacks out most coverage of the Occupy movement, being out of sight in an office building or marginalized at the South Central farm land would allow those in power to ignore anything the Occupy Movement does or proposes. City Hall is the seat of government. Jefferson said that citizens need to periodically go into the Virginia House of Burgesses and ask, “What the hell are you guys (no women allowed at the time) doing in here? While kicking open the doors of City Hall might not be advisable, as the crow flies it is a shorter distance from the areas presently occupied around City Hall, then it is from South Central. It presently is the closest approximation of a Common where citizens can freely associate as part of a democratic process. It is also a starting point for actions taken like last week against the corruption of the out of control Federal Reserve.”
Arguing for moving to the next phase:
“The Occupiers should give up their tents. This is no time to snooze. From what I've gleaned, most of them have buildings to sleep in. They have benefited the original downtown denizens, the truly homeless, by providing a safe outdoor community, but unless the Occupiers are willing to be arrested because some of those bedding down with them around City Hall have no place else to go — unless they are willing to protest poverty itself — they need to move to the next level. The Occupy movement would gain more attention and momentum by standing, forming picket lines or even sitting on the brown lawn or in camp chairs on the sidewalks around the clock. Organize a little, as our ad hoc Montrose Peace Vigil has for six years, and keep the ground covered in shifts. Occupy, yes, but make a stand. Don't retreat into your pod at night. Show your conviction 24/7. Bring light into the darkness.”
Clearly, the two-month-long Occupy LA has captured the nation's attention. In delivering the message about our city's great discontent with the country's economic disparity, the encampment was a great success.
Now, it's time to leverage that initial success by following up with Occupy 2.0. For one idea, I particularly like Mark Naison's idea of Occupy Clubs built on the SNCC clubs of the Civil Rights movement.
For the City's part, it has shown it can refashion its police department — remember the McArthur Park debacle just a few short years ago — and now has an opportunity to write its own chapter on how to channel citizen unrest in meaningful directions. The jury's out on that.
See the next page for all responses.
Dick Price, Editor
Photo of Commander Smith: Ted Fisher
4K UHD Ultra High Definition is a resolution of
3840 × 2160, which provides
4x the detail of Full HD.
HDR High Dynamic Range With Dolby Vision, HDR10 and HLG content support, HDR expands the range of color, contrast, and brightness in every pixel.
Ultra Color Spectrum® Expands the range of possible colors through a wider color gamut.
UltraBright 1000 The highest level of brightness the display can achieve, measured in nits, a unit of visible light.
Active Full Array Pro™ A powerful full array backlight with up to 120 local dimming zones adapts to the light and dark portions of the screen to deliver deep blacks and bright whites without compromise.
Spatial Scaling Engine™ Enhances HD and Full HD content to appear as Ultra HD resolution.
Clear Action™ 720 Stabilizes picture and reduces motion blur during intense action scenes.
240Hz Effective Refresh Rate Achieved with backlight scanning, ensures the picture is smoother, consistent and more natural.
It is decidedly uncommon to watch a nation self-destruct by making series of bad decisions, each one worse than the one that preceded, eventually leading to a complete loss in both credibility and respectability. One might argue that the United States has been proceeding down such a path since 9/11, boxing itself into a corner where it has become a state with a single mission externally, perhaps best summed up as imposing an American model of pseudo-democracy worldwide without regard for local preferences. The strains of continuous warfare and conflict overseas have resulted in a domestic governance that mimics the foreign and defense policies, with great reliance on executive authority, coercion and overriding of constitutional principles.
The self-destructive impulse since 9/11 has brought ruin and instability to the Middle East, Central Asia and North Africa in the mistaken belief, apologies to both George Orwell and Tacitus, that “war is peace.” Rather than retrenching to correct course and mitigate the vast costs of empire, the United States is currently embarking on a new wave of engagement on a number of fronts, upping its involvement in Afghanistan and in the Iraq-Syria theater of operations while increasing military presence in Africa and Asia. No one is immune from being admonished by the US government, most recently NATO member Hungary while pivots and White House enforced doctrines have combined to unnecessarily turn competitors into enemies. Russia and China now have more in common in their opposition to unrelenting American pressure than they ever had under communism.
As the United States is a vast country with a diverse economy and a large population decline and fall will inevitably be measured, but without adjustments in the way that American politicians view and interact with the rest of the world it will proceed unabated. Not so necessarily for Washington's most preferred client state Israel, which is in free fall as it moves towards national elections on March 17th. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will likely shape his campaign around fear mongering over national security, casting himself as the protector of Jews against homicidal Muslims.
While Netanyahu-fatigue could mean that his Likud Party might suffer losses, probable gains by his even more hardline coalition partners likely will move the new government even farther to the right. The latest crisis began when Netanyahu fired two of his own moderate centrist coalition cabinet ministers Tzipi Livni and Yair Lapid for openly speaking out against the government supported nationality law which would make Israel a Jewish State both practically and legally.
Inevitably, not much of the mainstream American media has taken note of what a bizarre place Israel has become, a nightmare vision of mob rule democracy. The country's president Reuven Rivlin has recently called his nation a “sick society.” Four American journalists who have been paying attention to what has been happening are David Rosenberg a business editor for the Israeli newspaper Haaretz, Peter Beinart author of “The Crisis of Zionism,” Max Blumenthal author of “Goliath: Life and Loathing in Greater Israel” and Phil Weiss of the Mondoweiss website. All four are themselves Jewish, demonstrating how the diaspora has grown increasingly disenchanted with developments in Israel. Rosenberg has, in fact, written on that very subject, describing the side of Israel that is “paranoid, angry and uncompromising,” while Phil Weiss has explored the dilemma for progressive American Jews when confronted by the reality of today's Israel.
As Weiss describes it Israel is “going crazy.” There has been a virtual avalanche of bad news, including reports of a book burning at one of Israel's few bilingual schools. Non-Jews are already systematically de facto discriminated against in Israel but the new nationality law defining Israel as “belonging to Jews around the world” will codify the second class status of Christians and Muslims, making Israel a faux-democracy at best. Avigdor Lieberman, the former Moldovan bouncer who has been serving as Foreign Minister, has proposed paying Israel's Arab citizens to leave the country permanently while Netanyahu is promoting the idea that the Palestinian flag is an enemy banner, making those who display it subject to legal penalties. Another proposal by Netanyahu would permit the deportation of Arab citizens of Israel to Gaza for committing unspecified crimes.
Israel is also getting a lot of bad press for other reasons. It is refusing to cooperate with a United Nations investigation into war crimes in Gaza. The UN has also passed by a large margin a resolution calling on Israel to open up its nuclear facilities to international inspection. There have also been reports of a new Israeli spying operation at CalTech's Jet Propulsion Lab seeking to steal US high technology that the university and Justice Department were characteristically reluctant to investigate, leading to punishment of the whistleblower rather than the Israeli scientist involved.
In addition, former Mossad officer Rafi Eitan has blown the lid off of the plausible denial exercised by Israeli politicians over the Jonathan Pollard spy case. Pollard, who was twentieth century America's most damaging spy, is up for parole next year. In spite of agreements to do so, Israel has never returned the roomful of highly sensitive documents that Pollard stole and has maintained public ambivalence about him while also granting him Israeli citizenship and naming a Jerusalem city square after him. Many Israelis regard him as a hero and requests for a pardon have been a regular feature of meetings between Israeli prime ministers and American presidents. Eitan has now revealed that the Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres and Defense Minister Yitzhak Rabin knew all about Pollard and approved of his recruitment, meaning that far from a “rogue” operation it was a deliberate plan to steal US defense secrets.
Meanwhile as the preferred narrative erodes the defenders of Israel become ever more shrill. Harvard Professor Alan Dershowitz is now arguing that Israel “has to” preemptively attack nuclear Iran if no deal can be reached prohibiting the development of nuclear weapons. For Dershowitz, Iran is a “culture of death” so Israel must attack if “Iran…is on the threshold of making a nuclear bomb.” As Iran is already technically at that point, the Dershowitz message is clear, though he avoids articulating it fully. Because Israel cannot succeed alone it is Washington that should be doing the attacking. To bolster his case, he fantasizes that Iran will develop suitcase nuclear bombs that will then be given to Hezbollah for use against the United States. He also cites Neville Chamberlain because, of course, it is always 1938, Hitler is threatening and the Holocaust is about to begin.
Some might argue reasonably enough that what happens in Israel stays in Israel, but it would be naïve to believe that. Israel has both the ability and the inclination to drag the United States into its disputes and that is precisely the problem. That Israel and the United States are indissolubly linked is deep in the DNA of all aspirants to high office in Washington and it is equally taken as a given by Israeli leaders. President Barack Obama, surely no admirer of Netanyahu and his policies, constantly asserts how the US nevertheless “has Israel's back” while the incoming Secretary of Defense Carter Ashton visited Israel last year and enthused “Protecting America means protecting Israel…,” surely an interesting assertion for the defense secretary of one sovereign nation to be making regarding another.
That senior US government officials feel compelled to sing the praises of Israel without any shame or embarrassment is precisely what is wrong because they know perfectly well that disaster awaits if the leaders in Tel Aviv do not come to their senses and seriously address their nation's rogue status. President Barack Obama has more than once suggested as much while characteristically packaging the issue with vows of eternal and immutable support. Given the realities of domestic politics, it is perhaps too much to expect that any US Administration should put pressure on Tel Aviv to force it to perform a serious assessment of its priorities and pull back from the brink. That is unfortunate but Washington has long since abdicated any serious role in either reining Israel in or encouraging a political settlement that would benefit every state in the region. The reality is that fear and loathing will likely dominate the upcoming Israeli elections, just as they did in the United States post 9/11, leading to a loss in liberties for everyone involved and the further strengthening of an authoritarian and reactionary government. It will not be a good outcome for anyone.
The Chan Zuckerberg Initiative just announced a new program informally called Chan Zuckerberg Science to invest $3 billion over the next decade to help cure, prevent, or manage all disease. The money comes from the $45 billion organization Mark Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan started last year to advance human potential and equality. The project will bring together teams of scientists and engineers “to build new tools for the scientific community” Priscilla Chan said on stage at an event in San Francisco.
You can watch the announcement here:
Live with Priscilla from San Francisco for a Chan Zuckerberg I… Live with Priscilla from San Francisco for a Chan Zuckerberg Initiative announcement. Posted by Mark Zuckerberg on Wednesday, September 21, 2016
Part of the $3 billion will go to a $600 million investment in Biohub, a new physical location that will unite researchers from Stanford, Berkeley, and UCSF with elite engineers to find new ways to treat disease.
“We'll be investing in basic science research with the goal of curing disease”, Chan explained. “As a pediatrician I've worked with families at the most difficult moments of their lives” Chan said, shedding tears on stage as she recounted people hearing a loved one had cancer. Chan Zuckerberg Science will seek to eliminate those moments.
Mark Zuckerberg came out on stage to identify the core health problems facing the world, and how the new program will address them.
The majority of deaths are caused by heart disease, infectious disease, neurological disease, and cancer, so those are the areas where the program will concentrate its efforts.
The roadmap for the program includes three parts:
Bring scientists and engineers together Build tools and technology Grow the movement to fund science
Zuckerberg showed visible gusto, noting how our country spends 50x more on treating people who are sick than curing diseases so people don't get sick. “We can do better than that!” he exclaimed. To change this, Zuckerberg explained there must be a shift towards long-term thinking for research that requires more funding than typical academic grants can sustain. That's where his $45 billion fortune comes in.
Cori Bargmann, a neuroscientist from The Rockefeller University and the new head of Chan Zuckerberg's science program, came out to explain how the $3 billion will be spent.
Biohub
Biohub will be located at 499 Illinois St. in San Francisco's Mission Bay district, next to UCSF and relatively accessible to the other universities. The space will be led by UCSF's Joe DeRisi and Stanford's Stephen Quake, professors known for their expertise in biophysics and bioengineering. All the research and output from the organization will be openly available to all doctors and researchers everywhere.
Biohub will also staff researchers and keep equipment on hand for rapid response to emerging dangers like the Zika virus. That way, rather than having to wait for debates about how to fund a cure or vaccine for a new threat, the CZS can instantly start finding a solution, explained DeRisi.
Transformational Technologies
The CZS will focus on building “transformational technologies” that could drive significant leaps in treatment and prevention. Zuckerberg said “It's actually pretty easy to imagine what new tools we need to develop to make progress on the four major disease categories”.
The technologies Zuckerberg listed were “AI software to help with imaging the brain…to make progress on neurological diseases, machine learning to analyze large databases of cancer genomes, a chip to be able to diagnose any infectious disease, continuous bloodstream monitoring to be able to identify and catch any disease early, or a map of all of the kinds of cell types in our bodies and the different states that they can be in so that people who are designing drugs can reference that to quickly design something for any given disease that's out there.”
That last one, called a cell atlas, would be an important breakthrough. “Nobody really knows how many cell types there are in the human body” said Quake. Understanding them through singular cell sequencing technologies and genome editing could improve treatment for cancer, diabetes, infection, and more.
Challenge Networks
The CZS will fund virtual institutes called “challenge networks” that unite experts from around the world to work on especially urgent problems. For example, genes have been discovered that have an impact on neurodegenerative diseases, but it's unclear which genes map to which results. The challenge network will find the top doctors, scientists, and engineers in the field and build communication channels between them to exchange research, both for remote collaboration and in-person summits.
The challenge networks will be assembled to address certain diseases, build specific technologies, and long-term investigations like why neurons die due to neurodegenerative disease, or how the immune system attacks viruses but not the body. Reward and incentive structures will be developed to allow researchers to turn their work for the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative into a career.
“This will work”, Bargmann concluded. And to allay fears that Chan and Zuckerberg will be spending money in areas they don't understand, a core criticism of the $45 billion organization, Bargmann said they will constantly confer with experts about the best projects to work on.
Mark concluded the event by introducing his mentor and philanthropic inspiration, Bill Gates, who called the initiative “very bold, very ambitious”. He said “We need more science!”, encouraging more philanthropists to get involved. Gates explained that the world got lucky that Ebola didn't spread, but we need organizations ready with funding to fight back quickly.
We spoke to Gates after the event, asking his advice to other philanthropists looking to make an impact. He recommended speaking to both care providers on the ground, and solution-makers and researchers who know where there's potential to do good. “Some people come at it from going to Africa and seeing the need, and some get it by hearing about great science. Clearly Mark and Priscilla do both of those things, and I think that helps a lot, where you see both the possibility and that unbelievable need.”
Broadening The CZI
Today's new programs all draw funding from the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, which was first announced in December alongside the birth of the couple's daughter Max. Structured as an LLC, Mark will donate 99% of his Facebook shares, or about $45 billion, to the organization during his lifetime. By setting up the CZI as an LLC instead of a traditional charity, Zuckerberg still controls his shares, and can make investments in for-profit companies, political campaigns, and policy lobbying as well as non-profits. The group's goal is to advance human potential and equality.
The CZI's first investment saw it lead a $24 million Series B in June for Andela, a startup that helps train and place African engineers with tech companies. It then led a $50 million investment in Indian video learning startup Byju earlier this month.
While those investment's focused on education, this new program will put the family's money into research to tackle disease before the end of the century. “We want to dramatically improve every life in Max's generation and make sure we don't miss a single soul” Chan said.
Dragon Ball FighterZ Shares Its First Screenshots For Gotenks, Adult Gohan, And Kid Buu
By Sato . November 21, 2017 . 12:00am
We recently learned that Gotenks, Adult Gohan, and Kid Buu are joining the lineup of playable fighters in Dragon Ball FighterZ, and Bandai Namco provided a first look with some new screenshots.
Gotenks
A comical character that likes using a bunch of special attacks with flashy names such as “Continuous Die Die Missile” and the “Super Ghost Kamikaze Attack.”
Son Gohan (Adult)
The ultimate character with unlocked potential. He has a unique characteristic where his super special attack changes his moves.
Majin Buu (Kid Buu)
Kid Buu has plenty of tricky moves that pack a punch in power and speed. He's short but since his limbs can extend it doesn't affect his reach. His “Planet Burst” special attack is certainly powerful.
Dragon Ball FighterZ releases in North America and Europe on January 26, 2018 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC. The game releases on February 1 in Japan.
RALEIGH, N.C. — Even before it passed, opponents had taken to calling it the Monster Law.
But the 56-page bill that ultimately cleared the GOP-controlled General Assembly here last summer and was signed into law by Republican Gov. Pat McCrory in August was, if possible, worse than what they had imagined.
Freed from having to clear election law changes with the Justice Department after the Supreme Court struck down a key provision of the Voting Rights Act, North Carolina lawmakers enacted what is considered by many the toughest voting restrictions in the United States.
“That was the opening for the Senate to then say, ‘OK, we can do anything. We can make this in our view the best' — or in Common Cause's view … the worst — ‘proposal in the land,'” said Bob Phillips, executive director of Common Cause, a nonpartisan citizens' advocacy group. “We have the worst overall elections laws in the country and the most onerous voter ID in the land.”
In addition to requiring voters to have a North Carolina government-issued ID by 2016, the law eliminates same-day voter registration, cuts back the early voting period by seven days, invalidates ballots cast in the wrong precinct and requires voters to register at least 28 days before going to the polls in a primary or a general election.
Although several legal challenges to the law are wending their way through the court system — including a lawsuit filed by the Justice Department, voting rights activists in North Carolina are bracing to accept the law as the new reality in the state. Their efforts are now as focused on mitigating its effects as they are on finding a reprieve.
“We don't have any illusions, particularly for the primary, that it's going to be stopped or it will be reversed, and we're not counting on that happening in November,” Phillips said.
Mary Klenz, the North Carolina–based second vice president of the League of Women Voters, also said that there was no counting on an injunction from the courts and that certainly there was no chance for repeal, with state government firmly in the hands of Republicans, who nationwide say such laws are needed to combat voter fraud.
“We were hoping that there would some kind of stay of the Monster Bill. We're working that part of it on one track,” she said. “But we're not sitting around assuming this isn't going to happen.”
Klenz added that she finds the current state of affairs especially dismaying because the League of Women Voters and others had worked over the last decade to increase turnout and participation among all groups.
“We have worked with legislators for more than 10 years to open up the voting system and the voting process to make it more accessible to everybody, and we had made what we considered some pretty good progress,” she said. “All of that has been overturned in one fell swoop. It can make you sad, but it makes me mad.”
Voting rights groups are ramping up their education campaigns for the summer and taking care to target their efforts at those who they believe will be disproportionately affected — the elderly, minority communities, low-income voters and young people.
The state of North Carolina has promised to provide free IDs to those in need, but to obtain them, prospective voters, who must be registered in the state, have to go to the Department of Motor Vehicles and provide documents to verify their identity (with a birth certificate, passport or Social Security card) and their residence in the state (with a utility or cable bill, housing lease or school records).
Voters cannot be turned away from the polls for not having a proper ID until 2016, but poll workers will begin to ask for it starting this year.
“To even know that you have those IDs or know anything about this, you have to really be looking for it,” Phillips said.
To that end, several organizations, led by the good-governance group Democracy North Carolina, have banded together to launch Operation Jumpstart the Vote, a primarily volunteer-fueled effort to make sure that voters around the state are aware of the changes.
“We're not focusing on too much on policy at the moment. We recognize that's not necessarily the most valuable,” said Ron Garcia-Fogarty, who is spearheading the effort for Democracy North Carolina. “We're dealing with a lot of misinformation and a lot of confusion.”
Garcia-Fogarty said the initiative is focusing on extensive on-the-ground work, like hosting voter registration drives, canvassing, appearing at community meetings and working with faith-based organizations publicize the law. The effort has enlisted 960 volunteers in 61 counties since the law passed and distributed 300,000 wallet cards that outline the changes.
Meanwhile, some North Carolina legislators are doubling down on the argument that such measures are necessary to combat fraudulent votes. A recent report issued by the North Carolina Board of Elections said there were 35,570 people who voted in North Carolina in 2012 whose names and dates of birth were also found on the voter rolls of another state and 765 North Carolinian voters whose names, birth dates and last four digits of their Social Security number match those of voters from other states.
GOP lawmakers pointed to the findings as definitive evidence of double voting, although the Board of Elections is probing further into these cases to see if that is truly the case.
“While we are alarmed to hear evidence of widespread voter error and fraud, we are encouraged to see the common-sense law passed to ensure voters are who they say they are is working,” state House Speaker Thom Tillis and state Senate Leader Phil Berger said in a joint statement. “These findings should put to rest ill-informed claims that problems don't exist and help restore the integrity of our elections process.”
Two former champions and two first-timers survive as wild postseason arrives at College Cup
USC Athletics/John McGillen Midfielder Morgan Andrews has struck nine times for USC this season.
It began with more than 300 teams competing for four spots in Cary, North Carolina. Now a final quartet is headed instead to San Jose, California, to settle a national championship. Relocated by the NCAA in response to anti-LGBTQ legislation in North Carolina, the College Cup begins Friday with semifinals pitting No. 1 West Virginia against No. 2 North Carolina (ESPNU, 5 p.m. ET) and No. 2 Georgetown against No. 2 USC (ESPNU, 7:30 p.m. ET). What follows is a first look at what to expect.
The 2016 College Cup is a sign of the times
For the first time since 2010, which was also the only other instance in the past 20 years, the College Cup includes two first-time participants in Georgetown and West Virginia. And with USC making just its second appearance, this field misses out on having arguably the least seniority in the event's history only because, well, North Carolina is North Carolina.
In some respects, this College Cup is a sign of a very specific moment in time. It cannot be a coincidence that the teams in San Jose were, by and large, less hampered by the Under-20 Women's World Cup than the likes of UCLA or reigning champion Penn State. Or that Florida State and Virginia, two postseason staples in recent seasons, finally saw their balance tilt from reloading to rebuilding. Or that Stanford fell victim to one of the tournament's great upsets despite taking 31 shots on the night against Santa Clara.
And, as always, there was good fortune involved in surviving penalty shootouts (USC and West Virginia) or staying at home throughout the first four rounds (Georgetown). It isn't much of a stretch to imagine that Duke, Florida State and Stanford could be alongside North Carolina.
Then again, it might just as easily be South Carolina and Auburn alongside Georgetown and West Virginia in a field of four first-timers. And perhaps that's more the point. Since 2010, there have been eight first-time participants and four first-time champions in the College Cup. In the 10 tournaments between 2000 and 2009, just four programs made College Cup debuts.
This isn't a College Cup of upstarts or underdogs. Just one of unfamiliar names.
How did they know the way to San Jose?
Georgetown defeats Santa Clara to advance to the NCAA College Cup.
Georgetown: There was drama during a 1-0 quarterfinal win over Santa Clara, the goal coming from Notre Dame transfer Crystal Thomas in the 76th minute and standing up only after a save in the final minute. But by the standards of this bracket, Georgetown progressed with ease. The Hoyas haven't allowed a goal yet and took the lead inside an hour in each of their first three games. Not bad for a program that is less than a decade removed from its NCAA tournament debut and matched its previous all-time postseason win total with this run.
North Carolina: As was true of their most recent title in 2012, North Carolina is the only semifinalist that played on the road en route to the College Cup, a 1-0 quarterfinal win at South Carolina. The Tar Heels also played this season without Jessie Scarpa, a first-team all-ACC selection, and freshman Taylor Otto because of the U-20 World Cup, as well as midfielder Joanna Boyles because of injury. So early struggles, including a 3-0 loss at USC, were hardly a shock. But the past month has been a tour de force, including wins over Florida State, Virginia, Notre Dame, Clemson and South Carolina.
USC: USC survived a second-round penalty shootout against Texas A&M and had to hold off Auburn in an evenly played quarterfinal, a game it had the chance to play at home because Auburn beat top-seeded Florida a week earlier. But that was also the second win of the season over Auburn, in addition to wins against North Carolina and Stanford. Somewhat improbably the first Pac-12 program to win a national title in 2007, beating more familiar Stanford and UCLA to the distinction, USC could now become the first team from the conference with multiple titles.
West Virginia: The Mountaineers haven't had a two-goal lead since the first round, played nearly 40 minutes of overtime, gave up one lead in the final minute of regulation, survived a penalty shootout against UCLA and were outshot in a 1-0 quarterfinal win over Duke. But unlike every other No. 1 seed, they still have games to play. Don't let the postseason drama, which plenty of past champions endured, obscure the full body of work. This team that shut out the Big 12 -- the entire league -- had the second-stingiest defense in the nation.
The four keys
Georgetown's versatility: It may be new to the championship scene, but Georgetown brings the diversified portfolio of a longtime participant. Yes, the Hoyas like to have the ball and break opponents down. Fifth in the nation in scoring entering the quarterfinals, they are the only semifinalist ranked in the top 30 in scoring. But their best win of the regular season came at West Virginia, a game in which they surrendered the vast majority of possession and defended for their lives. They shut out Virginia in the Sweet 16 when they recorded just three shots of their own, and they shut out Rutgers in the second round when they allowed just four shots.
WVU Athletic Communications West Virginia is making its College Cup debut, but Olympic bronze medalist Ashley Lawrence has plenty of experience on a big stage.
North Carolina's depth: Less than two minutes after she entered as a substitute against South Carolina, Madison Schultz placed a bending shot into the corner of the net for the game's only goal. A round earlier, Dorian Bailey had been on the field for 10 minutes when she provided the only goal against Clemson. This is what North Carolina does. Subs like Schultz and Bailey played 6,046 minutes for the Tar Heels this season. Subs played 3,500 minutes for their opponents. That's a difference of more than 100 minutes of fresher legs per game.
USC's back line: Way back on Aug. 19, Santa Clara scored three goals in just more than 96 minutes to win its season opener against USC in overtime. In more than 2,000 minutes since, the rest of USC's opponents have combined to score just seven more goals. Auburn (twice), North Carolina, Stanford, Texas A&M and Utah were among those 15 opponents shut out. That isn't done by packing numbers behind the ball, but it also isn't simply the byproduct of USC dominating games at the other end. Mandy Freeman and Ally Prisock are physical center backs comfortable on the ball, and goalkeeper Sammy Jo Prudhomme is as steady as they come.
West Virginia's Canadians: The NCAA presumably won't play the Canadian anthem before the semifinal, but it should. The starting lineup against Duke included seven Canadians (notable among them is sophomore defender Bianca St. Georges, who just returned from the U-20 World Cup). As with North Carolina's depth, this isn't new. West Virginia nearly reached the College Cup in 2007 with Amanda Cicchini, Deana Everrett headlining another cast of Canadians. But the current group is the most deep and accomplished. It would be a title crafted in Canada.
Stars to watch
Courtesy Shane Lardinois At a storied North Carolina program, Lindsey Harris holds the record for most saves in a single season.
Morgan Andrews, MF, USC: It has been a long journey for the former two-time national high school player of the year. A surprise omission from the United States U-20 team in 2014, having captained the U-17 team in a World Cup two years earlier, she then transferred to USC from Notre Dame after that college season. All she's done since is excel. She has 21 goals in 45 appearances for USC and is the playmaking fulcrum in the center of the midfield.
Kadeisha Buchanan, D, West Virginia: She's played more World Cup minutes than the rest of this field has played College Cup minutes. The same thing is true of her Olympic minutes (as it is for teammate and midfielder Ashley Lawrence). She doesn't have an NCAA title, but she has an Olympic medal. Not since Heather O'Reilly and Christine Sinclair have we seen College Cup participants already so accomplished on the world stage. She controls games from the back.
Rachel Corboz, MF, Georgetown: You can trace Georgetown's rise under coach Dave Nolan through the history of three players: Ingrid Wells, Daphne Corboz and now the youngest of the Corboz sisters. As the lineage and family connections suggest, that left Rachel with no small task in carving out her own legacy. But here the Hoyas are in their first College Cup, Rachel the NCAA leader with 16 assists in addition to 11 goals of her own.
Lindsey Harris, GK, North Carolina: She wasn't among the all-conference selections, but none of those who were made a save like this in a quarterfinal. Her eight saves in that game pushed her total to 91 on the season, breaking a program record that stood for 36 years. Sure, some of her predecessors on more dominant teams had less work, but Harris' saves are a reflection of her athleticism and her presence. There is no goalkeeper rotation with her in form this year.
Meet the X factors
Michaela Abam, F, West Virginia: She's not Canadian. She hasn't played in the World Cup or Olympics. But she can score goals. Abam leads the Mountaineers with 11 goals this season and has 31 in three seasons. She scored the overtime winner in the Sweet 16 against Ohio State, her fourth NCAA tournament goal in the past two seasons. As the work before the perhaps fortunate goal against the Buckeyes highlighted, she isn't just a poacher. She can create goals.
Courtesy Georgetown With 14 goals, Georgetown forward Grace Damaska has found the net more than anyone in San Jose.
Grace Damaska, F, Georgetown: We've gotten this far without mentioning the player with the most goals of anyone in San Jose. And in a College Cup in which goals appear destined to be precious, that is an oversight. The senior's 14 goals match the output in her first three seasons. Her pace slowed a bit as this season progressed (she had five in a weekend in August), and an illness left her at less than 100 percent in the second and third rounds of the NCAA tournament. But at 5-foot-11, she can score in a lot of ways for the Hoyas.
Hanna Gardner, D, North Carolina: The fifth-year senior is the only player in San Jose who has any experience playing in the College Cup. Her 188 minutes of experience are 188 more than the combined total of the hundred-plus other players on hand. As much as the Tar Heels substitute, the three starting defenders are constant and constantly good: Gardner, Julia Ashley and Maggie Bill (also a lacrosse All-American who won a national title earlier this year).
Kayla Mills, MF, USC: The Pac-12 defensive player of the year a season ago (Mandy Freeman claimed the honor this season), Mills nonetheless boosted this team's title chances by changing positions. Not only did move her off the back line open up minutes for impressive freshman Julia Bingham, it gave USC a rock solid defensive midfielder in Mills.
Borussia Dortmund have announced the signing of Bayern Munich midfielder Sebastian Rode.
Rode, 25, has signed a four-year deal at the Westfalenstadion.
Two years after joining Bayern on a free transfer from Eintracht Frankfurt, Rode has decided to seek a new challenge after playing just over 500 minutes of football in all competitions last term.
The midfielder arrived at Dortmund on Monday morning, and after passing a medical put pen to paper on the four-year deal at the Westfalenstadion. BVB reportedly agreed a transfer fee between €12-15 million for the former Germany under-21 international.
In recent weeks, he had been linked with several Bundesliga clubs including Wolfsburg, Borussia Monchengladbach, Bayer Leverkusen and Schalke as well as one Premier League side, believed to be Tottenham Hotspur.
Rode is Borussia Dortmund's fourth signing of the summer after already completing the transfers of Osasuna's Mikel Merino and Rennes youngster Ousmane Dembele, and activating Marc Bartra's €8m release clause at Barcelona.
Some media reports had suggested that Barcelona wanted to include a buy-back option, but BVB CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke dismissed that in kicker, saying: "There is no buy-back option."
Dortmund, however, have stopped negotiations with Bayer Leverkusen over the transfer of centre-back Omer Toprak, 26, who is under contract at the Bay-Arena until 2018, but can trigger a €12m release-clause next summer.
"Omer Toprak will not join us this year," Watzke said. "We'd like to think that we are well stocked in central defence."
Kicker, however, added that Bayer Leverkusen believe Toprak and Dortmund have already agreed on a transfer in 2017, when the defenders release-clause kicks in.
Meanwhile, Dortmund have already sold two key players this summer in Mats Hummels, who will join Bayern Munich, and Manchester City-bound Ilkay Gundogan but could yet lose a third.
They have yet to tie Henrikh Mkhitaryan to a new deal, and kicker report that Dortmund could cash in on the midfielder.
The Armenia international is under contract at Dortmund until 2017, and kicker said that an offer in the region of €35m could make BVB reconsider their stance of not wanting to lose Hummels, Gundogan and Mkhitaryan.
Sources close to Arsenal have told ESPN FC the Gunners are priortising a move for the Dortmund man over other targets.
LONDON — Former British prime minister Tony Blair was told he had “blood on his hands” by the father of a dead soldier Friday, after a memorial for the fallen of the Iraq war in London.
The ex-premier joined Queen Elizabeth II, Iraq's President Jalal Talabani, current Prime Minister Gordon Brown as well as soldiers and families at a service paying tribute to the 179 troops who died as a result of the 2003 war.
The snub came at a reception held after the memorial in St. Paul's Cathedral, where the archbishop of Canterbury criticised policymakers for failing to properly consider the human cost of the Iraq war.
Peter Brierley, whose 28-year-old son Shaun died in March 2003, refused to shake Blair's hand when he offered it, telling the ex premier: “I'm not shaking your hand, you've got blood on it.”
Blair was ushered away, but afterwards Brierley said: “I understand soldiers go to war and die but they have to go to war for a good reason and be properly equipped to fight.
“I believe Tony Blair is a war criminal. I can't bear to be in the same room as him. I can't believe he's been allowed to come to this reception,” he added after the reception at the Guildhall in central London.
During the earlier cathedral service Archbishop Rowan Williams, head of the Anglican Church, reminded his audience of the divisions caused by the military campaign to depose Saddam Hussein.
About 100,000 Iraqi civilians have died since the March 2003 US-led invasion, according to a tally on iraqbodycount.org.
Williams also praised the “courage and honesty” shown by the more than 100,000 British troops who served in Iraq.
“Many people of my generation and younger grew up doubting whether we should ever see another straightforward international conflict, fought by a standing army with conventional weapons,” Williams said in his sermon.
“We had begun to forget the realities of cost.
“And when such conflict appeared on the horizon, there were those among both policymakers and commentators who were able to talk about it without really measuring the price, the cost of justice.”
Friday's ceremony marked the withdrawal of all but a handful of British military trainers from Iraq in April.
Williams said the Iraq war, which sparked public demonstrations across Britain and caused tensions among Western allies as it was strongly opposed by France and Germany, would remain contentious for years to come.
“The conflict in Iraq will, for a long time yet, exercise the historians, the moralists, the international experts,” he said.
“In a world as complicated as ours has become, it would be a very rash person who would feel able to say without hesitation, this was absolutely the right or the wrong thing to do, the right or the wrong place to be.”
At the reception afterwards — also attended by Prince Charles, his wife Camilla and Prince William, the man who snubbed Blair said the pain of losing his son was with him always.
“I believe he's got the blood of my son and all of the other men and women who died out there on his hands. It comes back to me every day, every time I see a coffin come off a plane.
“It reminds me of what happened to Shaun,” he said.
Our Transfers, Captains, and Starting 11s.
WALSH
Transfers:
IN: Bookaku
OUT: Zlatz
Simple swap. Discussed on the pod - wanted to cover myself with Lukaku this weekend and removing suspended human was straightforward. Opted to not take a hit for some shitty guy and will roll out what I have for the weekend. If you're keeping track at home that would be 8 lads.
GK: The ill one himself, Tom Heaton. Fucking guy. Take some fucking dayquil and go play. You don't even have to run, you're a fucking keeper. Pussy.
DEF: Two lads this weekend…Brunt and Baines. Poop. IDK what they'll do. Probably nothing.
MID: Here's where I need some points to roll in. Siggy keeps ticking…good lad..Barks has looked great since getting him so I'm hoping this is a weekend where he can bag a goal as he is a massive differential. Finally my double Pool mids in Mane and Phil will go again. So far it's been pretty good since getting them both in two gameweeks ago. Hoping they figure out how to batter a shit side at home.
FWD: One and only one person for me, Lukaku. Hope he tits.
CAP: Lukaku. Not really a doubt in my mind on this matter. With Liverpool struggling against the bottom dwellers it represented too much risk to go with Phil who I would have preferred to Mane since he can't run behind a bus with his pace. I think Coutinho could be a nice returner for me this weekend but I still persist in thinking that West Brom is a completely shit side and Lukaku could have some joy there. Perhaps won't put up a crooked number but I don't think a double return is out of the question. He's a flat track bully and I'm happy to have him and not have to be scared this weekend about it.
ALON
Transfers:
IN (For -4 points): Lukaku and Matip
OUT: Zlatz and Holebas
Zlat to Lukaku as Walsh summed up above is as simple as it gets. No thought put in here whatsoever.
Matip on the other hand… Liverpool bias? Certainly. But I also have some reasoning. I think it's reasonable to consider this hit a -2 instead of a -4 since Matip will for sure start and play 90 as he always does when fit and Holes has no game of course. On top of that Matip looks REALLY likely to score a goal soon. He's a proven career goalscorer and his goal threat stats have been scenic lately (over the last four GWs amongst defenders Joel is #1 in goal attempts and #1 in shots in the box with some other fruitful stats too). And then lastly Liverpool are home Burnley this week which is a terrific defensive fixture.
LFC are not the tightest thing on Earth to say the least but basically I'm looking at my defense as a unit going forward I will be starting Alonso every week, I think I'll turn Baines into someone better maybe Toby, and then (without Matip) I'd've had to decide between three of the worst defenses in the league in Watford / Hull / Swansea every week and that felt really bad to me. Liverpool have 3 home matches in the next 4 and some really good fixtures after that. Gimme a couple cleans and a dong or two and I'm titting.
I'm planning to take -4s in three consecutive weeks (this week included) to get in Kane, Alexis, Toby, and Ugly Pelle Gabbiadini Lad for Kun, KDB, Baines, and Ashley Barnes.
GK: N/A
DEF: I have four guys which is weird but OK let's do it. Bainesy is home WBA so he'll probably concede at least one or two and do nothing offensively - I've lost faith in Bainesy. Robertson and Fernandez face off in a mega relegation fuck fest. A draw is probably fine for Swans so maybe they'll be passive/defensive but Hull need to win so who knows. Why am I talking about this match I'm sure both of my guys will blank as they both suck dick and both teams also suck dick. Lastly new lad and great, great friend Joel my favorite Joel come on lad. The force is strong in this one / goals are imminent in this one.
MID: Snoddy has been a nightmare for me in my stubbornness going for him over Siggy just because I'm a salty fuck has cost me probably around 40 points which is good… Maybe Snod will tit against the worst defense in the league, or maybe he'll just get dropped for Ayew or something and fuck me, fuck. He needs to drive around with babies not wearing seatbelts more often because he was scoring a lot more points back then… Only other lad I got (assuming Stanislas fuck doesn't play) is glorious Mane. I was looking a bit at Liverpool and they're actually fucking wreck at home even against the shit buses despite popular perception. The last time they got blanked at home in the league was GW8 versus Manure so who knows maybe we're all overthinking the Liverpool suck vs bad teams meta at least from an attacking standpoint…
FWD: SMASHLEY Barnes last time he played for me got me a tidy -1 puntos hopefully he comes right back into the side for Vokes but fuck me who knows.. He'll be gone soon for Gabbiadini as he's a twat but it's been real. And yes Romelu of course everyone and their momma has big Rom this week so go on.
CAP: Actually going a bit rogue. I have Lukaku covered, who will certainly be #1 captain in a landslide, but I'm going with Mane. As I alluded to in the midfield section above LFC actually just don't really get blanked at home. It's happened exactly one time in the league all season and that was back in GW8 so fuck it. When comparing Burnley and West Brom (RE: Rom) defensively it's not even close; Burnley are worse in every possible statistic ranging from basic shit like goals conceded and # of clean sheets to the underlying stuff we like ie. shots conceded in/out of the box, big chances conceded, defensive errors, just everything. So fuck it maybe the strategy that Walsh and I discussed of owning the most popular captaincy picks but capping other humans is the way to go. Let's see how it goes this week for me. Wish me luck.
The Columbus Crew had a bye week after a solid debut at DC United. To maintain the rhythm of competition they played two scrimmage games (both closed to the public and media) against the University of Notre Dame and against NAIA All-Stars. It also served as an opportunuty to play different players and formations in preparation for the Philadelphia Union game next Saturday at Crew Stadium.
“It was an exercise for us to continue our movements. A lot of the opponents we've been playing so far are at a similar level, and this was clearly a step below but it was good. The guys gave a great effort, it was fair play and it was an opportunity for us to see what that level is about. It was a good exercise overall” Sporting Director and Head Coach, Gregg Berhalter said.
Injuries
In the injury department, the strained calf of Michael Parkurst looked almost healed. Aaron Schoenfeld got a bruised heel (he left training with his left foot wrapped on ice) but nothing serious. Meanwhile, the case of Daniel Paladini is at a different level and Berhalter had to go more in detail to explain it:
“The status of Daniel [Paladini] is that he got operated on today; he got his knee scoped. There was a chance Friday that he was going get to play but he just didn't feel that great. He got an MRI Friday and sure enough it was a little something that needed to clean up, so they did that and we feel confident that he's going to be back in three or four weeks.”
New face in the crowd
A new face appeared in Monday's reduced field scrimmage: Ben Swanson, a midfielder from the Crew Soccer Academy that was called in January to the U-18 National team and today Berhalter gave him the chance to try a different level.
“He is in our academy, he is a national team player, we wanted to bring him around and expose him to our level of training because we think he has a great future with us and it's exciting to have our academy keep producing guys we can take a look at.”
The Oduro case
In the decision department, the boss of the Black & Gold now has another offensive weapon available, Dominic Oduro. The winger didn't play against DC because he was serving a one game suspension for being ejected in the last game of the 2013 season against New England, but he is cleared to play now and Berhalter didn't give a definitive answer about him playing in their home opener.
“We know Dom [Oduro] can play in a number of positions. We know Dom is going to be on the field helping this team. It's just a matter of where and when, those are the two questions. The team has been going good so far, it's been a good balance and we have to find the right way to work Dom into it. But he has a big role to play in this group; we'll see how it unfolds.”
(AP photo)
(CNSNews.com) -- “Family disadvantages” - including poverty, low education level of the mother, and not having a father in the house - affect boys more than their sisters, according to a recent study from the National Bureau of Economic Research.
Researchers from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Northwestern University, and the University of Florida analyzed ten years of administrative records for Florida students born between 1992 and 2002.
They found that boys in families facing adverse circumstances significantly underperformed their sisters in behavioral and educational outcomes despite the fact that they had similar upbringings.
The study, which was published in October, compared sibling students of opposite gender in Florida, and found a substantial “gender gap” between boys and girls. Researchers found that a large portion of school suspensions, poor test scores, and cognitive or behavioral disabilities could be accounted for by “family disadvantages.”
"Family disadvantage makes both a substantial direct contribution to the gender gap and an indirect contribution through its influence on schools and neighborhoods," they noted.
"The impact of family disadvantage on the outcomes of boys relative to girls is already evident by the time of kindergarten entry, is further manifested in behavioral and educational gaps in elementary and middle-school performance, and crystallizes into sharp differences in high school graduations by age 18 and criminal activity by age 16,” the study concludes.
"These differences are largely independent of neighborhood quality and school quality, though we observe that better-quality schools help to mitigate the gender gap in educational and behavioral outcomes," the study found.
“These estimates imply that a sizable portion of the minority-white difference in educational and behavioral gender gaps is attributable to higher degrees of family disadvantage among minority families — which in turn disproportionately impairs the behavioral and educational advancement of minority relative to white boys.”
CNSNews.com asked Christina Hoff Sommers, a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute and author of The War Against Boys: How Misguided Policies Are Harming Our Young Men, for her views regarding the study findings.
“There have been similar findings,” she replied. “A few years ago, a think tank called the Third Way - it's a bipartisan group of social scientists and researchers who looked at social problems and try to cancel out one another's biases, you have liberals and conservatives - and they found that boys are more vulnerable to family instability than girls. And especially hard hit are working class White, Hispanic, and African American boys, working class and poor.”
“The Third Way found it in their research, and now again we have a group of researchers who have documented the same phenomena," she continued.
"It's important to look at because we often incorrectly think that a child's prospects are determined by home environment, and family income, neighborhood, and all of that is true. But the question arises: In the same family, why are the girls doing so much better than their brothers? They have the same background, and same neighborhood, same life situation.
“One theory is that in a broken home, you'll typically have a single mother, and she's working very hard, struggling, and the daughter will identify with her, so she'll have a role model, someone who's hardworking and resilient. And young men may define themselves, as they do, they need a father figure, they don't have one. They're not necessarily going to identify with the mother, and they also have primarily women teachers, and [so they] develop the sense of themselves probably from their peers," Somners told CNSNews.com.
“There's a tremendous focus on the academic needs of girls, everything is tilted towards the needs of girls. Now these programs for girls are great, and girls are benefitting.
“But where are the programs for boys? I can't find them. And I do find opposition. If you try to do something for boys, some people will accuse you of carrying out a backlash against girls,” Sommers continued.
CNSNews.com asked her for possible solutions to resolve the gender gap issue.
“There are different solutions," she replied. "One is, and this has been tried, to create some charter schools, like all-male academies. And those have been very successful. And you organize the school typically with a lot of male teachers, and many things that boys need and enjoy, teachers that use a lot of humor, and very active classrooms.
“The problem is a number of organizations, led by the ACLU, have gone around to try to shut down these programs. They say it's gender segregation. And they want to tell us all kids are the same. If you treat them the same, you won't have male/female differences.
“Well, it's just not true. If you treat them the same, you'll have far more boys languishing and at a disadvantage,” Sommers said.
All of the following is true. It is not, however, necessarily useful.
Magic is real; that is to say, Magic is a subset of physics, which is real. Furthermore, there are no ends that Magic can achieve which cannot be achieved without Magic; that is to say, Magic is not strictly necessary.
The “language” of Magic, like first-order logic, is primitive, basic, and mind-numbingly obtuse at any reasonable level of complexity. So it should be no surprise that one of the most basic discoveries in Functional Magic Theory is that Magic is non-recursive. That is to say, Magic cannot cast Magic.
However, most Functional Magical Theorists have not read Gödel, Escher, Bach.
It is possible (although complicated) to cast a spell which references itself. Therefore, it is possible to write a spell which references Magic as a whole. Therefore, it is possible to write a spell which recreates Magic as a whole. And because any effect that Magic is capable of causing can be duplicated without Magic, it is possible to recreate Magic without the use of Magic.
“Am I to be impressed?”
Harry had learned the subtleties of the synthesized voice of Lord Voldemort, and at this particular point it conveyed weariness. “You have succeeded at creating a physical embodiment of a tautology.”
“Professor, I don't think you understand the implications.”
“How often will you forget that I am not, unlike your fellow companions, a wholesale idiot? Of course I understand the implications. And if you would permit yourself to see those implications through to their endpoint, you too would be unimpressed. This was always your weakness, boy: you grow impatient after the first few levels, and are too easily satisfied with your oversimplified explanations. But with every problem, there are levels upon levels that must be considered.”
Harry rolled his eyes. “So how do you know when to stop? You're right of course, but that doesn't tell me anything useful either. There are infinite levels to any problem.”
If Lord Voldemort's box had a face, it would be smirking. “When you are one level higher than everyone else.”
“That's quite clever.”
“Yes, well, that is why we are in our respective prisons. I know you, boy. I know that you have grown, and I know that you truly believe that you play the game at a sufficiently high level to win, and in some ways you have. In other ways, you have not. I am you. I know how we think. I know how I thought at your age. You have anticipated my blaseness, and yet you tell me anyway.
“Clearly you have thought through the first few levels of our interaction, so it would please me if we did not waste time by going through the motions. You are not so eager for praise as you were years ago; you would not simply tell me for the sake of having someone to tell, which means that there is some trump card, some hidden bit of lore that, in your opinion, changes the state of the game. What is it?”
“Sorry Professor. There's no lore, no trump card, no hidden knowledge or artifacts.” Harry paused. “You could say it's something of a riddle.”
There was another pause, this one even briefer. “You have found the second Box.”
Harry grinned. “Not found. Recreated.”
Lord Voldemort measured his words carefully. “I confess that I am still no expert in the trite practice of being nice, so I did not anticipate this. Of course, you would not truly release me. You have created the second Box of Orden, and within it placed a small, unbroachable, inescapable world that is free from Magic, and within that placed one of my Horcruxes. You have created a crude, basic facsimile of Magic within this world, sufficient to allow me access to my Horcrux. Because I have sensed no avenue of release, clearly you have not activated the reconstruction of Magic, which means you are waiting for the proper moment to unveil it. Much like myself, you always had a taste for the dramatic.”
In response, Harry snapped his fingers.
“I suppose, Mr. Potter, that you were hoping that the moment of dawning comprehension would follow your grand gesture, not precede it. I apologize for not playing the role you were expecting.”
Harry couldn't keep himself from grinning again. “I expected you would expect that. Levels and levels, Professor. I knew that you would figure out what I had done quickly enough, and from there it would be fairly trivial to determine exactly when I would allow you access to the second Box. So the only way to beat you at this little game was to completely take myself out of the equation, so I brought in my secret weapon: Luna Lovegood. I had Luna write a number on a piece of paper, which I have only just now opened.” He paused briefly to read the number, and then continued. “And after this many seconds, I will ‘flip the switch'.”
“You must be almost as bored as I am, and we all must amuse ourselves in our own way. I would ask why you do me this favor, but I assume you intend to ‘rehabilitate' me. It would not be in my best interest to discourage you from thinking I am rehabilitatable, so I shall not.”
Several minutes passed, in silence. Then, Lord Voldemort felt it.
“Ah.”
Tom Riddle examined his new prison. It had been eight years since he had inhabited a corporeal body. He recognized this as the body of his youth, free from the modifications made necessary by his role as Voldemort. He was in a small study. There were no doors or windows. There were, however, bookcases. Every wall a bookcase, every bookcase stacked two layers deep with books. On the desk were two objects of note. Firstly, a pair of boxes which he recognized from his conversations with Harry as a computer. Secondly, a wand. His wand.
Despite knowing that he would have placed no traps or wards upon the wand, Tom was still cautious. He channeled a small flow of “Magic” through the wand. It felt different. Synthetic. Like a rubber glove. It would take some getting used to, but it was real, and it was functional.
He cast his mind out, exploring the infinite that lay beyond physical barriers. There was only one true pathway that led away from this room. And it led to the other Box, a fuzzy morass of seething organic matter, all teeth and burrs and clouds and wisps of fat.
He cast his mind further, exploring the infinite that lie beyond the infinite. He saw all the possible pathways, all possible Boxes, all possible mistakes, all possible moments of weakness. He strode further out into nothing, passing by the most minute of possibilities, the coincidences and the bizarre. He strode further yet, into the deep nothing. Every so often he would encounter the barest of threads, the most impossibly impossible circumstances: atoms spontaneously degenerating in just the right ways to create just the right effects at just the right times. He briefly pondered the lives created and lost upon these distant threads, and then pondered no more.
He strode further yet.
The threads were limitless, Tom knew. Permutations could be stacked on top of permutations, and refactored in with the new results, ad infinitum. At a certain point, however, the threads grew faint enough and infrequent enough that they were formally indistinguishable from the nothing.
He stayed at this moment beyond Time, and pondered. He then strode further yet.
He felt the exact moment when he emerged on the other side of Eternity, and after another infinity, he was back where he started: The single black thread of Time that stretched from the beginning of Tom Riddle to the End of All Things.
In an instant, he opened his eyes and snapped back to his reality, the only Reality that mattered. The reality that he and all things were Bound to.
“Ah.”
Lord Voldemort's box flickered with a brief shudder of red energy. He could sense that he was gone for less than an instant.
“I have not had much occasion in my life to say this, even more so now given my current predicament. But, I thank you, Harry Potter.”
Harry smiled, a true smile of grace. But it was only a moment before his trademark wry grin returned, “But it's not completely altruistic.”
“There's no such thing, boy. Of course I understand your intent. Time flows differently there. It loops back upon itself. I was gone for an eternity. I returned in the fraction of an instant. Thus, you intend to put me to work. I am to create something, the nature of which you have not told me which means that you will not tell me. I suppose somewhere on those shelves is a book designed to teach me to use that computer.”
“Correct. I am giving you a chance, Professor, to create what you have desperately wanted more than anything in the world.”
Another brief pause. Another brief flicker. “Someone intelligent to talk to.”
In that instant, Tom Riddle was gone again.
When you think of the fullback in today's game, you probably think of a player like Vonta Leach , widely regarded as the best blocking back in the NFL. There are also the H-Back/receiving fullback types, like Marcel Reece or James Casey , and the rushing fullbacks like Le'Ron McClain Jacob Hester , and Mike Tolbert . And it's the fullbacks who double as goal line threats like John Kuhn and Jed Collins who get the most attention from fantasy players. But the fullback position was not always so specialized.
In fact, fullback used to be the glamor spot in the backfield, and that's the position played by Marion Motley, Dan Towler, Tank Younger, Joe Perry, Alan Ameche, John Henry Johnson, Rick Casares, and the great Jim Brown. Jim Taylor and Paul Hornung both played fullback in Green Bay, while Keith Lincoln and Cookie Gilchrist were great fullbacks in the AFL. In 1966, Minnesota fullback Bill Brown led the NFL in carries. That wasn't unusual, as fullbacks were key parts of rushing attacks in that decade: the four leading rushers of the '60s — Jim Brown, Jim Taylor, Don Perkins, and Dick Bass — were all fullbacks. In 1965, fullback Tom Nowatzke went 4th overall in the AFL Draft while Ken Willard (a future four-time Pro Bowler) went second overall in the NFL Draft… just ahead of Dick Butkus and Gale Sayers.
The '70s were dominated by great fullbacks, as future Super Bowl MVPs Larry Csonka, John Riggins, and Franco Harris were among the game's best players. And while lacking in star power, Sam Cunningham, Mark van Eeghen, and Pete Johnson were all Pro Bowl-caliber players and key parts of their team's offenses, too. As the passing game opened up after 1978, the role of the fullback changed. William Andrews was the throwback, but Roger Craig and James Wilder entered the league as fullbacks at a time when the position was evolving into a more specialized role, and had their best seasons after switching to halfback. In Wilder's case, Tampa Bay switched to a two-tight end offense to get Jerry Bell and Jimmie Giles on the field (and removing running back Mel Carver from the field was an added bonus). For Craig, he played fullback when he was joined in the backfield with Wendell Tyler and Joe Cribbs and halfback when Tom Rathman replaced them.
Thus began the era of the specialized backfield. Seattle's John L. Williams and later Arizona's Larry Centers were outstanding pass catchers. The two best teams of the late '80s/early '90s had Daryl Johnston and Tom Rathman, fullbacks with solid hands and the ability to run inside, but who made their money as blockers. The fullback remained important in the West Coast Offense, and Green Bay (Edgar Bennett, William Henderson) continued to use a versatile fullback, too. For most of the league, though, the fullback turned into essentially just a blocking back, even if the players who piled up the rushing yards (Mike Alstott) or catches (Richie Anderson) became the more famous players at the position. The unsung heroes were guys like Howard Griffith, Lorenzo Neal, Tony Richardson, and Mack Strong, who achieved job satisfaction by blocking for 1,000-yard rushers.
And now, the fullback is practically extinct. Games go by without a team line up even once in the I-Formation, as the three wide receiver set has replaced more traditional looks. The WCO has been replaced by the spread offense. It's fair to wonder if in ten years, the fullback will be gone for good: in April's draft, only three fullbacks were selected — Harvard's Kyle Juszczyk (pick 130), Kansas State's Braden Wilson (204), and Wake Forest's Tommy Bohanon (215). Two of the top rushing teams in the league are using converted defensive players as fullbacks (Bruce Miller in San Francisco and Darrel Young in Washington), while Seattle's fullback is a former college quarterback (Michael Robinson). It appears the position is being as marginalized as much as possible.
There are several explanations for how the fullback became the NFL's version of the human appendix. When Cookie Gilchrist and Jim Brown were stars, they were as big and as strong as many of the opposing defensive linemen they faced. The graph below shows the average weight since 1960 for all running backs (this includes halfbacks, tailbacks, and fullbacks) in blue, all linebackers in orange, and all defensive linemen in red:
The increase in the size of defensive linemen has made running up the middle less attractive. And now that passing is more effective than ever — i.e., there are fewer sacks, fewer incomplete passes, and fewer interceptions — a run up the middle is a less useful alternative. The rules changes and innovations in the passing game have essentially resulted in mass layoffs for fullbacks.
What about the blocking fullback? He's essentially been replaced by the slot receiver. A great blocking fullback will take a linebacker out of the play, but an average slot receiver will take a linebacker off the field. Teams quickly found that running out of a 3-WR/1-TE offense against a nickel defense is easier than running against a base defense when you have both a tight end and fullback in the game. The math in the blocking scheme is the same, but you simply crowd the box by leaving in a fullback while most slot receivers can be capable blockers against a nickel defender. And by placing a wide receiver on the field, teams will be more effective in the passing game, allowing the quarterback to have more options pre-snap.
The fullback could replace the tight end, in theory — a three-wide receiver, two-back offense would still force defenses to play in nickel. But tight ends are now among the most athletic players in the game, and the fullback is essentially a shorter, slower, tight end. Most of the top fullbacks (Leach, Kuhn, Darrel Young, Greg Jones) are all in the six-foot, 250-260 pound range. One exception is Minnesota's 6'5 Rhett Ellison, although he's a hybrid tight end/fullback, and the Vikings have a more traditional fullback in Jerome Felton. If you want a fullback to lead block, the shorter player has an advantage by having a lower center of gravity, but in most other situations, teams want the bigger player. You'll never see the fullback completely eliminated for this reason, but teams aren't looking to leave a multi-dimensional tight end or a slot receiver off the field for a six-foot lead blocker.
Could the fullback as pass catcher model be revived? Larry Centers caught 200 passes in 1995 and 1996 while Richie Anderson caught 88 passes in 2000. But those teams rarely used slot receivers, and offenses that revolved around the fullback did so more out of necessity than design. No offensive coordinator is spending his time thinking about how he can get the ball into the hands of his fullback more often.
From an evolutionary perspective, the 15-year-old high school football player isn't thinking that playing fullback is his ticket to the NFL. A fast fullback becomes a running back, a tall fullback becomes a tight end, and a strong fullback puts on weight to become a linebacker. From an athletic standpoint, it seems that fullback is now the position choice of last resort.
Have you ever wanted to see your OWL skin design in Shadow Fall? Now is your chance! Guerrilla Games is running a contest that aims to introduce the best fan-created OWL skin into the game.
The Primp Your OWL contest will give one of you the chance to see your design integrated in Killzone Shadow Fall as an official downloadable skin. Have you ever wanted to make a OWL look like a cuddly panda bear or give it a wicked crocodile armor? Well, here's a chance to get your great idea for an OWL skin in the game.
Here's how to participate:
Download the OWL skin template here.
Using the design package of your choosing, paint an original design onto the OWL skin template. Take care not to change the dimensions of the image.
Save your design in .JPG or .PNG format, and upload it to an image hosting service (like Imgur) or a file hosting service (like WeTransfer).
Send a link to the hosted image to community@guerrilla-games.com. Be sure to include your full name, date of birth and the name of the design.
The contest submission phase starts on 19th of May at 9:00 GMT and closes on 16th of June at 23:59 GMT. Once the submission period is over, our Visual Design department will nominate the five best entries and place them on the official Killzone Facebook page for public voting.
Check our Facebook page frequently, and invite your friends to 'Like' your design if it is nominated! The Voting phase of the competition opens up on 21st of June 09:00 GMT and closes on 26th of June at 23:59 GMT.
The design with the most likes will win the competition and become the basis for a downloadable OWL skin pack - so read the Primp Your Owl Terms and Conditions, grab the OWL skin template and get creative!
Wednesday is International Women's Day, meaning that it's time to pledge support, love and respect for women, who make the American economy move.
President Donald Trump is also chiming in because, of course, there's nobody that has more respect for women than he does. Trump took to Twitter naturally to express his support, in a tweet that does not sound like Trump's voice whatsoever.
Advertisement:
Trump's tweets have been met by people wondering if Trump really does have "tremendous respect for women."
Because Trump has such a long and storied history on the social site, his previous opinions about women in the workforce were pretty easy to bring up.
Matt Haig was referring to this 2013 tweet by Trump:
Outside the social media world, reactions aren't much better.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., trashed the president on MSNBC on Wednesday. "Talk is cheap, put your money where your mouth is," she said. "Give us some of the rules and regulations that will be helpful to this economy, helpful to women, helpful to our families, helpful to our communities."
Warren added, "Don't support something like an Affordable Care Act amendment that's going to drive up costs and cut coverage. Don't support deregulation of giant financial institutions. That's not going to help women. That's not going to help anyone in this country except those who have already become billionaires."
Advertisement:
On this International Women's Day there seems to be at least one silver lining to Trump's high political profile. As CNN and NPR have reported, more women are running for office than ever before and becoming more and more involved in fighting for their rights — and that's partly because of Donald Trump's win.
Critics of U.S. foreign policy often complain that a president has no strategy. What they usually mean is that the president's strategy does not assign a sufficiently high priority to their favorite overseas projects. It is a useful exercise to review how many projects critics of this president now have in mind, projects that require significant U.S. military power, and which risk the need for even greater force if they go awry. To attempt all of these projects simultaneously would violate a basic principle of strategy—the principle of concentration.
Between Europe and the greater Middle East, important members of the foreign-policy establishment, Republicans and Democrats, now support five major military projects—in Ukraine , Iran, Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan. (Waiting just offstage is the containment of China.) Some, such as Senator John McCain (R-AZ), support all five. Others only speak enthusiastically about one or two projects, but do not recommend restraint on others. Were the U.S. president to accept the advice of these worthies, he would be making foreign policy not the "shield of the republic," but its purpose. All domestic problems would take a back seat. Let us review the costs, risks and odds of success of these policies.
Perhaps the riskiest policy has been proposed by a group of muscular liberal Atlanticists— all veterans of senior foreign- and defense-policy positions— who demand that the United States supply a billion dollars a year worth of military equipment to Ukraine to thwart Russian aggression. In his confirmation hearings, Defense Secretary designate Ashton Carter seconded the motion .
The purpose of this effort is to increase the cost to Russia of supporting secessionists in the breakaway provinces of Luhansk and Donetsk, thus producing some unspecified happy outcome. These advocates offer no clear statement of U.S. strategic interests in the conflict, because there aren't any. Russia is at best a middle power in decline, weaker economically than any of the middle powers in Europe, and these provinces can affect that trajectory almost not at all. The outcome of this fight can have no effect on American security. But, it is clear that Russia perceives itself to have important strategic interests there. Russia is much stronger than Ukraine. The question needs to be asked, is it likely that these U.S. weapons could make much difference in the outcome if Russia is as committed as it seems? The answer is probably not. The next question is, what do these experts recommend the United States do if Russia is undeterred by a modestly improved Ukrainian army? Are they willing to accept an obvious defeat for U.S. arms and assistance? Or is their plan to escalate? Given the strategic unimportance of the stake, is escalation of this conflict with a nuclear-armed Russia in the U.S. national interest?
Project number two is the effort to end the Iranian nuclear-energy program . The president, leading a group that includes Russia, China, Britain, France and Germany, is trying to negotiate an agreement with Iran that will bring this energy program under intense surveillance, and reduce the size of the program such that it would take some time for Iran to move from a decision to an actual nuclear weapon. Economic sanctions and the collapse of oil prices have presumably played an important role in bringing Iran to the negotiating table. But for some in Congress, the expert community, and for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this is not enough. They want Iran to have no capability. And they seem willing to deprive the president of the carrots he needs to induce Iran to cooperate. So what if the opponents of diplomacy succeed? These critics do have a happy ending in mind; ever-stricter sanctions that will somehow cause Iran to capitulate. This seems unlikely, because other states will likely abandon the sanctions regime if Congress proves an obstacle to an agreement. And when this happens, only one option will remain—a U.S. military operation to destroy Iran's nuclear infrastructure. It is implausible that Iran will not retaliate. A cycle of attack and counterattack seems more likely, which will prove to be an open-ended project for the U.S. military.
Two major interrelated projects have been proposed in Iraq and Syria. ISIL is a major player in the civil wars in both countries, and sets new standards for viciousness, fanaticism and ambition. The argument for containing this threat is reasonable, and the neighboring powers are beginning to see their interest in doing so. The United States should be willing to help, but we know from past experience that too much American involvement will mean both too little local action, and too much grist for the propaganda mills of our enemies.
The United States should not be "on the offense" as many suggest. Rather, we should help others contain the ISIL threat, and wait for these fanatics to make mistakes that further alienate them from the region, which they are doing. Though ISIL's treatment of its captives is horrendous, we can already see that President Obama's instinct, which has been to shore up defenses and wait for opportunities, is being vindicated.
Others, of course, wish to do more. Some advocate deep involvement by the United States in Iraqi internal politics to lead Shiites and Sunnis to a grand reconciliation. Outsiders cannot manage such a monumental political and social transformation; we tried it already, and failed. New attempts to do so will simply implicate the United States in promises that it cannot keep. And if we help the Shiite government take the offense to reoccupy Sunni-majority areas that ISIL has seized, the revenge killings that we will have enabled will redound to our political disadvantage.
Even more ambitious plans have been advanced for Syria. There we are told that the United States must simultaneously organize wars against the Assad regime, ISIL and Al Qaeda–affiliated groups, such as the Al Nusra Front. Partisans of this effort seem to believe that we can train and arm sufficient numbers of moderate Sunni rebels to take on all comers, presumably backed by Western air power. To state the theory is to acknowledge its absurdity. The Assad regime and its Islamist challengers have tens of thousands of highly motivated, well trained, and well-armed soldiers in the field. It is not remotely plausible that we can, with little training camps in other countries, build a force of comparable capability. This war on three fronts can only end one way— with a direct commitment of tens of thousands of U.S. ground troops to Syria.
Finally, Afghanistan is the war that will not end. The president promised to end that war responsibly, but the Afghan security forces are not large or capable enough to defend the state on their own, and there is no credible plan to remedy their deficiencies. Afghanistan is also famously corrupt, and the present government consists of two political camps that share power mainly because the United States forced them to do so.
Though U.S. forces are no longer carrying the major burden of offensive combat operations, the U.S. military wants to keep a rather large force in Afghanistan to provide training, logistical, intelligence and long-range fire support to the Afghans. The experience in Iraq, of local forces that U.S. officials believed they had trained to a level of basic competence, only to disintegrate at the first sign of serious pressure, makes U.S. senior military officers chary of ever leaving the Afghans to manage their own politics and their own war. At the same time, however, is there reason to believe that ten thousand Americans can prop up this regime forever, or, for that matter, that local politics would allow them to stay forever?
The U.S. foreign- and security-policy establishment, which spans the two political parties, seems to only know how to generate new projects. These experts count on U.S. military power to produce good outcomes, even where local politics seems quite resistant to our efforts. Local adversary military forces have proven tough and casualty-insensitive. Though they lack the technological and tactical virtuosity of our own skilled professionals, they care enough and are clever enough to inflict casualties and costs, and they have the advantage of fighting on their own home turf. The United States has been nearly constantly at war since the collapse of the Soviet Union, but in none of the places where we have fought can we claim happy endings. Citizens should ask two questions. First, what is the proposed military and political strategy that advocates believe will produce real success in each of these projects? And second, given scarce resources, which of these projects matter most, and which can wait?
Robert Ouko was the Kenyan foreign minister with a fatal tendency to speak his mind. In February 1990 he was bundled into a car that allegedly contained the country's permanent secretary for internal security. His body was found shortly afterwards. His leg had been broken in two places, there was a bullet hole in his head and his corpse had been burnt. The Kenyan police conducted a thorough investigation and came to the obvious conclusion that Dr Ouko had committed suicide. This was the beginning of the cover-up that persists to this day, involving police and officials at every level of government.
I was reminded of Dr Ouko after reading the judgment on the case brought to the high court in London by Khuder al-Sweady and other Iraqis. They were seeking a public inquiry into the events of May 2004, when, they claim, they or their relatives were taken to a British army camp and tortured or killed. The judges published their findings on Friday and ordered a proper inquiry. It is the most damning judgment on official collusion and concealment written since Labour came to power. Total coverage in British newspapers so far amounts to one short article in the Guardian.
The claimants say that after a battle at a checkpoint in southern Iraq, some of the survivors, including farmers cowering in nearby fields, were taken by the Princess of Wales's Royal Regiment to Camp Abu Naji. Witnesses say that up to 20 prisoners were jumped on while their hands were bound, hit with rocks, had their eyes gouged out and their genitals crushed and mutilated and were then hanged or shot. They claim that the corpses were then handed to their families as battlefield casualties.
The royal military police were supposed to have investigated these claims, but as a recent report on their methods by Greater Manchester police shows, they messed it up with panache, appointing unqualified detectives, losing evidence and failing to interview witnesses. The military police concluded that no one had done anything wrong, that 20 Iraqi corpses and nine live captives were brought to the camp and all were released without further injury. The Ministry of Defence has stuck to that line like a holy creed.
Reading the high court judgment, you have to pinch yourself and remember that this isn't Kenya under Daniel arap Moi, but good old Blighty, where the police are impartial, the civil service disinterested and a minister's word is his bond. In a civilised country, at least half a dozen senior officials would now be charged with perjury, the secretary of state for defence would be facing impeachment hearings and a number of soldiers would be on trial for torture and murder. But in the United Kingdom, where we see only what we choose, the judgment sinks without a ripple. We carry on believing what we have always been told: that unlike other countries, we do things properly here.
The judges found that civil servants working for the Treasury solicitor had repeatedly lied to the court, claiming that there were no further documents to disclose that might have cast light on the case. They found that the defence secretary, Bob Ainsworth, "consistently and repeatedly failed to comply" with the obligation to disclose the documents the claimants were seeking. He also slapped a public interest immunity certificate on some of the evidence, preventing it being revealed to the court. It turns out that he signed this certificate "on a partly false basis", seeking to suppress facts that were already in the public domain. This abuse, the judges say, has caused the PII process "potentially very serious damage". Ainsworth's lack of candour about the evidence meant that he had wasted "the whole of the cost of these proceedings".
But the judges were harshest about the Royal Military Police. They found that "the RMP investigation in 2004-5 was not thorough and proficient". It was blocked for five weeks, its procedures were risible, and none of the nine surviving captives was interviewed. Worse was the quality of the evidence presented to the court by Colonel Dudley Giles, who is the deputy head of the military police and was the secretary of state's principal witness. Giles, they found, "was overall a most unsatisfactory witness". The excuse he gave for not disclosing key evidence was "wholly without foundation"; "we are all firmly of the view that he lacked the necessary objectivity, proficiency and reliability". They suggested that if ever he was presented as a witness for similar purposes again, the court "should approach his evidence with the greatest caution."
Most important was what the judges found in some of the documents they eventually prised from the grubby hands of the state. They were, the court found, "consistent with the contention that more than nine live detainees" had been taken to the camp. As only nine came out alive, these papers support the claimants' contention that prisoners were killed there. No wonder the government pretended that the documents didn't exist.
At the Labour party conference last month, the home secretary rightly observed that "social justice means nothing without criminal justice … We need to support victims and subject perpetrators to the full range of enforcement powers". But this admirable principle does not extend to military justice, where the army, the military police and the government collude to prevent torturers and murderers being tried. Friday's judgment relates to one of several cases of alleged British war crimes in Iraq. Just one – that of the hotel receptionist Baha Mousa, who was beaten to death by British soldiers – has so far resulted in a conviction. Thanks to an apparently botched investigation and an army cover-up, only one soldier has been convicted of any crime in relation to his killing, and that was merely inhumane treatment, for which he was jailed for one year.
Even when soldiers appear to murder people on their own side, the cases are passed to the specialist investigations division of the Keystone Kops. Of the four young recruits who died in suspicious circumstances at the Deepcut training barracks, one had been shot with a bullet to each side of his head and another had five bullet wounds in his chest: the ballistics expert sent to the barracks maintains that four of them were fired from a distance and one at close range. After the army destroyed crucial evidence, Surrey police decided that all four had taken their own lives. The ghost of Dr Ouko hovers into view again.
One of the tests of a functioning democracy is the extent to which its public servants are subject to the same laws as everyone else. By this measure, the United Kingdom is a failed state. When the army is in the dock, Justice swaps her crown for a bandanna, her sword for a Kalashnikov and her blindfold for a pair of dark glasses. The state has tried to cover up the crimes of the armed forces since the Peterloo massacre and long before. But surely, in 2009, it can do better than this?
Rails Associations are powerful tools, but sometimes they can be a bit over-reaching.
Let's examine a hypothetical has_many associations and how it would traditionally be managed.
class User has_many :sent_whispers , :class_name => 'Whisper' , :foreign_key => 'sender_id' has_many :received_whispers , :class_name => 'Whisper' , :foreign_key => 'recipient_id' end class Whisper belongs_to :sender , :class_name => 'User' belongs_to :recipient , :class_name => 'User' end
Now, if you'd like to scope down received whispers to just those sent by a specific user, you'd ordinarily probably use something along these lines.
def whispers_from sender with_scope ( :find => { :conditions => [ 'sender_id = ?' , sender. id ] } ) do received_whispers. find ( :all ) end end
Unfortunately, this is pretty limiting. For example, any association extensions defined on :received_whispers are unavailable when accessing whispers_from. We also lose out on all the association calculation methods and can no longer use << to insert new elements directly into the association.
We could get the type of focused behavior we wanted by adding a conditions clause to the association.
has_many :whispers_from , :class_name => 'Whisper' , :foreign_key => 'recipient_id' , :conditions => [ 'sender_id = ?' , sender. id ]
This won't work either! sender isn't defined in the class scope as the association is being created, so the conditions clause is at a loss. But all is not lost! A poorly-documented feature of the association methods is the lazy evaluation of conditions.
has_many :whispers_from , :class_name => 'Whisper' , :foreign_key => 'recipient_id' , :conditions => 'sender_id = #{sender.id}'
Notice that the conditions clause is singly-quoted. When the conditions clause is evaulated, the sender method will be called on the User. Better, but still not much use to us, as the User doesn't have a sender method. Well, what if sender were an ordinary attr_reader on the User? If we could get @sender set prior to the evaluation of the association conditions, we'd be set!
Okay, we can do this!
I whipped up has_many_with_args (suggestions for a better name?) which allows you to create an association with teeth!
class User has_many_with_args :whispers_from , :sender , :class_name => 'Whisper' , :foreign_key => 'recipient_id' , :conditions => 'sender_id = #{sender.id}' end
And that's it! Now you can use all the regular has_many association methods, calculation methods, and your own association extensions. Boss!
alice = User. find ( 1 ) bob = User. find ( 2 ) alice. whispers_from ( bob ) . count # SELECT COUNT(*) FROM users WHERE recipient_id=1 AND sender_id=2
It's all packaged up as a plugin for you. Just install using piston:
piston import http: // hasmanywithargs.googlecode.com / svn / trunk / vendor / plugins / has_many_with_args
For the brave and curious, have a look at the source to see how the attr_readers are set up and initialized when the association is accessed.
ED MILIBAND, leader of Britain's opposition Labour Party, is not a natural when it comes to talking economics. He famously forgot to mention the country's budget deficit—the dominant economic issue in British politics—in his September address to Labour's party conference. But in a speech on December 11th he appeared self-assured and well-briefed as he set out, in broad terms, what public spending would look like under a Labour government.
On the economy, Mr Miliband faces an uphill battle. The governing Conservative party has a huge lead on economic management: 16 percentage points according to a recent poll. Labour, on the other hand, is perceived as spendthrift. Mr Miliband sought to put this right by setting out his plans to reduce government borrowing, which will be £91 billion ($143 billion), or 5% of GDP, this financial year. The speech made clear that deficit reduction would be a priority for a Labour government. “There is no path to growth and prosperity for working people which does not tackle the deficit,” Mr Miliband hawkishly declared.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Despite the tough language there is a large gap between the two main parties on fiscal policy—the biggest since 1992, according to Paul Johnson of the Institute for Fiscal Studies, a think-tank. That is partly due to the extremity of the Conservatives' plans, which aim produce a budget surplus of £23 billion by the 2019-20 financial year. This is a tougher goal than George Osborne, Britain's chancellor of the exchequer, has set himself before, both in terms of the measure of the deficit used and the plan to produce a surplus. By contrast, Mr Miliband promises to balance only current expenditure, which excludes investment spending, with receipts. On today's plans, that would allow the government to produce a deficit of up to £25 billion by the end of the next parliament. The difference between the two plans—£48 billion—may amount to as much as 3.3% of GDP in 2019-20.
As a result, Mr Miliband has to tread an awkward path between convincing the public that he is serious about achieving his deficit target and championing the fact that it is looser than the Conservatives'. The speech managed that tricky job well. Mr Miliband emphasised the necessity of cuts every year until 2020, but slammed the Tories' plans to shrink the state to just 35% of GDP—a level last seen before the second world war. Mr Miliband declined to say how big he thinks the state should be, but his target points to around 38% of GDP, plus whatever spending he is prepared to finance with new taxes.
This plan is certainly more achievable than Mr Osborne's, but the Tories say it would not bring down the national debt fast enough. The Treasury reckons balancing the current budget would bring debt down from 81% of GDP in 2014-15 to around 60% of GDP by 2035-36, compared to around 35% of GDP under Mr Osborne's plan. In truth, either would be sustainable, but the lower the debt burden, the easier it is to respond to future shocks, such as another financial crisis.
The other aspect of Labour's strategy is to link the debate on the deficit to a topic with which they are more comfortable: low wages. During the second half of this parliament Labour has argued that stagnant real wages have caused a “cost of living crisis”. Now, they emphasise the adverse effects of this trend on the public finances; income tax receipts have disappointed, preventing the deficit from coming down as fast as the government had hoped.
This is the right criticism, but Labour is short on solutions. Mr Miliband wants to raise the minimum wage, and talks vaguely about education and infrastructure producing fatter pay packets. But there is no substantive plan to address low productivity growth, which is the fundamental cause of the twin problems Labour has identified. In truth, it is not something that government policy can easily solve—at least, not in the short-term.
The Flores Historiarum (Flowers of History) is the name of two different (though related) Latin chronicles by medieval English historians that were created in the 13th century, associated originally with the Abbey of St Albans.
Wendover's Flores Historiarum [ edit ]
The first Flores Historiarum was created by St Albans writer, Roger of Wendover, who carried his chronology from the creation up to 1235, the year before his death. Roger claims in his preface to have selected "from the books of catholic writers worthy of credit, just as flowers of various colours are gathered from various fields." Hence he also called his work Flores Historiarum. However, like most chronicles, it is now valued not so much for what was culled from previous writers, as for its full and lively narrative of contemporary events from 1215 to 1235,[1] including the signing of Magna Carta by King John at Runnymede.[2]
The book has survived in one thirteenth-century manuscript in the Bodleian Library (Douce manuscript 207), a mutilated 14th century copy in the British Library (Cotton manuscript Otho B. v.), and in the version adapted by Matthew Paris which forms the first part of his Chronica Majora (ed. Henry Richards Luard, Rolls Series, seven volumes).
The sources brought together in the Flores include Bede, Geoffrey of Monmouth, Sigebert of Gembloux, Florence of Worcester, Simeon of Durham, William of Malmesbury, Henry of Huntingdon, Robert de Monte, William of Tyre, Ralph de Diceto, Benedictus Abbas, Roger of Hoveden and Ralph of Coggeshall (to 1194).[3][4] A detailed list is given by Luard,[5] who in his running text also marks up the apparent source of each section. From 1201 and through the reign of King John it draws on a source common between it and the Annales Sancti Edmundi later also used by John de Taxster, and also some annals added to the St. Albans copy of Diceto.[6]
The date of creation of the earliest nucleus of the compilation has been disputed. The manuscript in the Bodleian Library, written out ca. 1300, contains a marginal note against the annal for 1188 that reads "up to here in Abbot John's chronicle book".[7] Luard took this to mean that there had existed a core of the Flores going up to 1188, the creation of which had been supervised by John of Wallingford at some point during his tenure as abbot of St Albans between 1195 and 1214.[8] On the other hand, 1188 is also when the first manuscript of Matthew Paris's Chronica Majora concludes, with the end of the reign of Henry II, so an alternative view is that this may have been the chronicle book referred to, which may have been in the possession of a later Abbot John at the turn of the 14th century when the manuscript was written out.[9]
Considering the text itself, some of the earlier parts of the work draw heavily on the Historia scholastica (ca. 1173) of Petrus Comestor, a copy of which was not introduced into the monastery until John of Wallingford's abbacy.[10] (Though Luard elsewhere notes some differences between the treatment of Comestor and that of some other writers).[11] The work of Diceto, which is used throughout the Flores but especially after 1066, was also not copied for the Abbey until 1204.[12] In its final form the annal for 1179 contains a reference to the Lateran Council of 1215,[13] and Vaughan finds that all of the extant manuscripts ultimately descend from a common ancestral exemplar that can be no earlier than 1228.[14] However, Vaughan does not rule out the possibility that there might have been some earlier compilation used by Wendover,[15] and finds some evidence for such a compilation, extending perhaps to 1066.[16]
Paris's Flores Historiarum, and its continuation [ edit ]
The second and more widely distributed Flores Historiarum runs from the creation to 1326 (although some of the earlier manuscripts end at 1306). It was compiled by various persons and quickly acquired contemporary popularity, for it was continued by many hands in many manuscript traditions. Among twenty[17] surviving manuscripts are those compiled at St Benet Holme, Norfolk, continued at Tintern Abbey (Royal Mss 14.c.6); at Norwich (Cottonian Claudius E 8); Rochester (Cottonian Nero D 2); St Paul's, London (Lambeth Mss 1106); St Mary's, Southwark (Bodleian Library, Rawlinson Mss B 177); and at St Augustine's, Canterbury (Harleian Mss 641).[18]
It was written originally at St Albans Abbey and later at Westminster Abbey. The earliest manuscript, the basis for all the various continuations, was conserved in Chetham's Library, Manchester. This manuscript was carried down to 1265, with brief notes and emendations in the hand of Matthew Paris. A continuation carried the chronicle down to 1306; the continuation from 1306 to 1325/26 was compiled at Westminster by Robert of Reading (d. 1325) and another Westminster monk.
The second Flores Historiarum was for many years attributed to a "Matthew of Westminster" who Henry Richards Luard demonstrated was actually Matthew Paris.
The Flores Historiarum is markedly opposed to Robert the Bruce. According to the chronicle after Bruce had had himself crowned king of Scots in the spring of 1306, Lady Elisabeth Bruce tells her husband: "I reckon that you are a summer king; perhaps you won't be a winter one".[19]
Editions [ edit ]
Wendover's Flores Historiarum
13th-14th century Flores Historiarum
Further reading [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Tax evasion by the wealthy has been cited as a central element in the financial collapse of Greece, while not paying income taxes is also a major problem in Italy and various other debt-wracked nations. However, when it comes to not paying taxes, Indians are in a category of their own.
According to various media reports, only 2 to 3 percent of Indians pay any income tax at all. In December, India's finance minister, Palaniappan Chidambaram, said that 2.89 percent of the population (about 36 million people) filed income taxes. (In contrast, in the U.S., about 45 percent of the population pays taxes, which means that, despite India's much-larger population, more Americans than Indians actually pay taxes.)
There are many reasons for this. Part of it has to do with the fact that many Indians do not earn enough annual income to even qualify to pay, but a larger factor has to do with India's huge rural and underground economies, which present severe logistical issues with respect to collecting tax revenues.
Like virtually everything else in India, the tax system is ludicrously complicated, confounding, contradictory and wracked by corruption, inefficiency and incompetence. However, for the purposes of simplification, under terms of the 2012-2013 government budget, Indians earning below 200,000 rupees annually (the overwhelming majority of the country) are exempt for paying any income tax. Those making between 200,000 and 500,000 rupees are subject to a 10 percent tax; those earning between 500,000 and 1 million rupees, 20 percent tax; and those above 1 million, a 30 percent rate.
Compounding things is that, like their counterparts in Europe, India's new wealthy do anything they can to avoid paying taxes. According to the Credit Suisse Global Wealth Report, India now has some 1,500 ultra high net worth individuals with wealth of at least $50 million and 700 who have more than $100 million of assets.
The Wall Street Journal reported that India currently has about 125,000 millionaires. (On the other side of the wealth spectrum, reflecting India's immense income inequality, 95 percent of the country has assets below $10,000.)
In March of this year, as part of the new government budget, Chidambaram proposed a temporary 10 percent surcharge that would be applied to people with annual income of at least 10 million rupees (about $176,000). However, that new tax would only apply to about 43,000 people in the whole country, Chidambaram told parliament --- despite the fact that at least three times that many people are believed to be millionaires.
To address these discrepancies, the government has been trying to widen the tax base by citing what people spend, not so much on what they claim they earn -- in February, the Finance Ministry said it plans to probe the finances of about 1.2 million people who did not file tax returns last year but who appeared to possess enough wealth to require paying taxes. That is, they made significant payments on credit cards or bought or sold properties worth at last $55,000 or purchased bonds and or mutual funds.
“Basically, very few people pay income tax,” Sonal Varma, executive director and India economist at Nomura, told the Journal.
“If you can't capture their income, you have to capture their expenditure. Look at those people who are spending over a certain limit or have a certain lifestyle, and see if they are paying tax. If not, bring them into the system.”
However, that may not be easy in a country where 75 to 80 percent of the labor market comprises the “informal sector” (that is, anyone who works for themselves). “We should not assume that the informal sector is all poor; there are very rich people in the informal sector,” Samiran Chakraborty, head of regional research in South Asia for Standard Chartered, told the Journal. “Data collection for the formal sector is quite good, but the informal sector is a big area of leakage.”
The only people who do regularly file income taxes are believed to be salaried employees at big companies whose bosses file for them.
Sonu Iyer, a tax expert at Ernst & Young in New Delhi, told the Associated Press that in India tax evasion is “rampant.”
Untold billions of dollars are believed to be kept in banks in Switzerland and Singapore by very wealthy Indians who refuse to hand over one rupee to the New Delhi taxman.
Arun Kumar, a professor at the Centre for Economic Studies and Planning at Jawaharlal Nehru University in Delhi, explained that the wealthy in India use provisions within the law to avoid paying taxes.
“The more property you have and the richer you become, the less and less tax you pay, because you can take things like dividend income from shares and property away from taxable income,” he said. “Then there are those who use illegal methods like taking all the costs of the home and treating them as company costs, which are tax-deductable like phone bills, the servants' wages, airfares for holidays. They take out a lot of money [from the system] through inflated expenses.”
Even more astounding, India's largest industrial sector by far, agriculture, which employs literally hundreds of millions of people, is completely exempt from paying income tax.
“[But] even in farming, there are a lot of very rich people. But finding out who they are is a matter of changing the tax law, which would be very difficult,” Chakraborty added. “Better data collection and changes to the tax laws need to happen if India is to widen its tax base.”
It is impossible to ascertain how much revenue India loses through tax evasion. But Kumar estimated that perhaps one-fifth of India's annual gross domestic product (almost $1.9 trillion as of 2011) is lost due to unpaid taxes on the "black economy."
“Of course, I don't pay all my taxes," a New Delhi businessman told AP. “Why should I pay my taxes while the politicians are getting richer and richer every day?"
By Eric Walberg
Trump's latest TV ad says it all, even before you listen. The caption is: Paid for by Donald J Trump, Inc., Approved by Donald Trump. It's almost as if he's running his campaign as a send-up of the other hopefuls, beholden to lobbyists and the mainstream media. The only one with name recognition is Jeb Bush, and that, only because his brother was president (disastrously) eight years ago. Think of Trump as The Joker in the film “The Dark Knight” (2008): “I'm not a schemer. I try to show the schemers how pathetic their attempts to control things really are.”
He electrifies audiences, much as fascist scalawags Hitler or Mussolini did when Germans and Italians felt hopeless in the face of economic disaster. But where Nazism is defined as “a form of socialism featuring racism and expansionism”, Trump is no Nazi. It is precisely because he is not a Nazi (and hence easy game for the mainstream) that the US imperial elite are so incensed by him and his sudden, immense popularity. He is neither a socialist nor an expansionist. In as much as he has a coherent philosophy, it is libertarian and isolationist. He wants good relations with Russia, and cooperation on fighting al-Qaeda's latest incarnation. “Russia wants to get rid of ISIS. We want to get rid of ISIS. Maybe let Russia do it. Let them get rid of ISIS. What the hell do we care?”
Alternative to the Bush-Obama project
In 2008, there suddenly emerged an equally unlikely ‘dark horse', an elegant, articulate black candidate with vague promises to counter the Bush warmongering, and confront the outrageous crimes of the banking establishment. Obama's slogans were “Change We Can Believe In” and the now painful “Yes We Can”, which inspired hope for … change. Despite his blank cheque to confront the bankers who had brought the US to the brink of ‘bank'ruptcy, he appointed those very Wall Street foxes to clean up the chicken coup, ended up slapping a few wrists, giving them trillions in bailouts, leaving the criminals with their billions and their casino capitalism in place. His promise of election financing reform turned into the opposite, as tax loopholes and PACs were embraced in his own election campaign.
Though having voted against the Iraq invasion in 2003–a brave move–Obama fritter away his one public rejection of militarism, and methodically carried out Bush's agenda in Afghanistan. Both Afghanistan and Iraq are failed states, now Obama's legacy as much as Bush's, complete with a rag-tag caliphate in place in a large chunk of Iraq and Syria. Obama is actually promoting ISIS as a result of, yes, more imperial overreach.
The failure of the Bush-Obama neocon agenda starkly shows that US imperialism is no longer a viable New World Order option, that the only policy that makes sense is Trump's isolationism combined with good relations with Russia. The war in Syria began, as did the western invasion of Libya, when Obama and Hollande said “Assad must go,” a blatant violation of both longstanding western respect for the nation state and Islamic jurisprudence. “Trump and Putin could return the concept of sovereignty to its privileged position. This would end many wars,” writes Israel Shamir. A neo-detente to oppose neo-imperialism.
Neo-detente with Russia undermines the US need for a foreign enemy to justify imperialist overreach. But the Cold War ‘Better dead than red' lives on now in ‘If you are not with us, you are against us.' Hillary, who supported Bush's invasion of Iraq and hostility to Russia, carries on the tradition.
Trump appeals to both bigots and thinkers
What impresses all Americans about Trump is his lack of ties to the banking/ industrial/ Israel lobbyists. True, he loudly praises Israel and Netanyahu, but at the same time states politely that Israel must make compromises if it wants peace, putting him on the radar of Zionists, and preventing any breakthrough in the mainstream media. Unlike the Bushes, Trump has no use for Saudi Arabia. He has no fondness for bankers (“killers”) after his four bankruptcies. Trump argues his experience declaring bankruptcy is good preparation for what he may need to do in the White House.
This combined with a populist agenda emphasizing job creation–“Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. We now are part time, sad! I WILL FIX!”–is a winning combination. But there are problems. His Mexican wall and ban on Muslims are clearly over the top, and are condemned by all but the bigots among his followers. But as one supporter told the New Yorker, “There are so many other things going on in this country that we've got to be concerned about. I've seen a lot of our friends lose their houses.”
Both proposals are unconstitutional and unworkable, more campaign rhetoric than substance. Trump's promise to deport children born in America to illegal immigrant mothers is prohibited by the Constitution. Every undocumented immigrant would be entitled to a hearing and an appeal. Trump's advisers should have told him that the Mexican wall is unnecessary in an era of total surveillance, and besides, there is a net out-migration of Mexicans now. The American Dream has soured, in case he hadn't noticed.
As for Muslims, a ban on immigrants according to religion violates the first amendment. Trump's emotional call came after the tragic shooting in San Bernardino, in which 14 people were killed by ISIS types. Hillary Clinton said that Trump's rhetoric was the “best recruiter” for the Islamic State militant group. On Face the Nation, Trump dismissed Clinton's jibe, and elsewhere has retorted to her that she is the proverbial pot calling the kettle black. “Clinton caused tremendous death with incompetent decisions” in the Middle East. “All this has led to ISIS.”
Comically Bush and Ted Cruz called for a similar ban (with no media outcry), only allowing Christian Syrian immigrants, but when asked how he could implement this, Bush shrugged and said, “You're a Christian. I think you can prove it. If you can't prove it, then, you know …”
Blacks generally resent Mexican immigrants for taking jobs which otherwise would go to blacks, and many admire Trump for his honesty. Only Latino Americans are staunchly anti-Trump. Trump's gaffes have cost him millions, lost him many wavering supporters, not to mention his honorary doctorate from Robert Gordon University in Scotland. They could lose him the nomination, but he soldiers on fearlessly. He has admitted mistakes before. He could do it again.
He has an intriguing policy on taxes, claiming he wants to soak the rich, including himself. He proposed a 14% tax on the net worth of wealthy Americans. (It would increase his personal tax bill by $725 million.) He argues his one-time tax package would raise $5.7 trillion to erase the nation's debt and save $200 billion in annual interest payments, saving Social Security and allowing a tax cut for the middle class.
Third party options
Trump represents the new populist neo-neocon politics, already strong in France, Greece, Spain and elsewhere in Europe, and similarly denounced in the mainstream media there. But voters are no longer drinking the cool-aid.
A few months ago, it looked like Bush would take the nomination through inertia, but his lack of charisma, and the growing understanding that his brother's reign was disastrous, have buried him. If Trump incredibly wins the nomination, there is talk (William Kristol and Bush) of organizing an independent candidate. If the establishment manages to bury Trump, there won't be anyone of substance left, and Republicrat Clinton will coast to victory. Already Cheney and other neocons are looking to her as their dream candidate.
There is a third party waiting to be revived for such a program of radical, right wing change–the Reform Party, founded in 1995 after Ross Perot's independent 1992 presidential campaign. It has nominated several notable candidates over the years, such as Perot himself, Pat Buchanan, and Ralph Nader. Jesse Ventura was elected on its ticket as governor of Minnesota in 1998. Trump would fit in quite easily if it comes to that.
Comments (0) Uncategorized Like
So it seems as though the summer blahs are here already. With the Wrestlemania afterglow long since faded away, the world champion injured and general malaise spreading through the WWE, let's take a look ahead to Payback!
First off we have El Torito vs. Hornswaggle in a rematch from the absolute barnburner they had last month at Extreme Rules. This time they have a hair vs. mask stipulation. It should be a fun opening match provided they have the sense to lean heavily on the rest of 3MB and the Matadores like they did last time. Winner: El Torito via gore.
Next, we have the battle of the guys with only one name: Big E vs. Rusev. People have been making a lot of hay about the alleged racism in the Rusev character. If you missed it, he pretty much just beats up black guys. My take is that this is just coincidence. Besides, if he's such a mark for Putin, he should be beating up gay guys, right? Winner: To the dismay of Crimea, RUSEV CRUSH!
Then there's our Diva's title match, Paige vs. Alicia Fox. Paige has had a pretty rough go as champion, she won the title in a very weak fashion on her first day on the main roster. She almost refused the match because she “wasn't ready” to fight AJ. Can you imagine Lita saying such a thing? Her gimmick has not gotten over to the larger Raw audience the way it did with the more intimate NXT crowd. Fox, on the other hand, has been somewhat interesting as of late, freaking out on people and pouring soda on herself. In this day and age, that's enough for a title run. Winner: Fox via instability.
Sheamus will defend the US title against Cesaro for virtually no reason. The problem here is that neither of these guys should really be taking a loss right now, Sheamus just won the belt and Cesaro has been reshuffling his character every 15 minutes since Wrestlemania (although, I must say his “King of Swing” shirt is great). Winner Sheamus via Brogue Kick.
In the biggest title match of the night, we will see Bad News Barrett face off against Rob Van Dam. Van Dam is still putting on great matches for a man of his age, especially when he's on pay-per-view. I think this one has the potential to be a really good sleeper match. Barrett has really found his footing with this new character (those first couple months were just brutal) and has started to rebuild his confidence. At this rate, he will look like the dangerous leader of the Nexus again, and that's a good thing. Winner: Barrett via elbow.
I've said it once and I'll say it again: singing has no place in wrestling. I don't care if it's Steve Austin butchering Margarittaville, the Rock bullying a widow to the tune of a Eric Clapton song or Jillian Hall doing… that thing she did. It just never works out. And it's really starting to sour the promos of one of the best mic workers in the business right now, Bray Wyatt. The song is in the minds of the fans now, let them sing it without you, Bray. Mr. Wyatt will be facing John Cena in a Last Man Standing match to conclude (hopefully) this interminable feud. There is no reason for these two guys to still be fighting beyond the fact that there really isn't much else for them to do. I have not been a huge fan of the in-ring work these two have produced together, they just don't seem to click very well. Add to that the LMS stipulation, which generally makes for slow and plodding matches and I think we may have a bit of a stinker on our hands here. But, as always, I'd be glad to be wrong about that. Winner: Cena via long 10 count.
Finally, we have what will probably be the best match of the night. The Shield vs. Evolution in an elimination, no holds barred match. I have very high hopes for this contest, six of the top talents in the company right now, in a match type that allows for all sorts of interesting storytelling, when all the pressure is on the due to an injured champion. I would expect these guys to go above and beyond for this match, doubly so as Batista is going to be gone very soon and I don't think Hunter will be active after this match. The elimination aspect is pretty neat too, my prediction is that Roman Reigns will have to defeat at least two members of Evolution by himself to really cement him as a main-event guy. The problem with that, of course, is that the Sheild as a unit are very hot babyfaces right now and it would behoove the WWE to keep them together longer rather than break Roman off on his own. But given how empty the top of the card is right now, they may have to rush in to just that. Winner: The Shield via powerbomb.
There you have it. On paper, it looks to be a one-match show, but you never know what can happen when all these hungry midcarders smell an opportunity… Leave your picks in the comments and we'll see you back here next week!
Liked it? For more articles from Pete Krouzelka, take a second to support Living Myth Media on Patreon!
Editor's Note: The following excerpts are drawn from an essay by William F. Buckley Jr. that appeared in the March/April 2000 issue of Cigar Aficionado.
Many people are inflamed by the rampant demagoguery in the present scene. Demagoguery — demagogy — comes in two modes. Most conspicuous is that of the candidate who promises the voters what are best described as Nice Things. Why not health care for the uninsured? Or for children? Why not cheaper drugs? Free child delivery? (Free funerals?) Sharpshooters tracking down demagogy were out there waiting last summer, eyes trained, when Bill Bradley arrived in Iowa. Would he do it? Would he advocate an end to the subsidy of ethanol? Ethanol is the program, excogitated during the Carter Administration, which sought to augment the staying power of a gallon of gasoline by an infusion of ethanol. What happened is that the price of oil went down, and the potential economic value of an ethanol additive turned out to be less than the cost of producing ethanol, and that was many moons ago. . . .
Advertisement
Advertisement
What about the aspirant who has a private vision to offer to the public and has the means, personal or contrived, to finance a campaign? In some cases, the vision isn't merely a program to be adopted. It is a program that includes the visionary's serving as President. Look for the narcissist. The most obvious target in today's lineup is, of course, Donald Trump. When he looks at a glass, he is mesmerized by its reflection. If Donald Trump were shaped a little differently, he would compete for Miss America. But whatever the depths of self-enchantment, the demagogue has to say something. So what does Trump say? That he is a successful businessman and that that is what America needs in the Oval Office. There is some plausibility in this, though not much. The greatest deeds of American Presidents — midwifing the new republic; freeing the slaves; harnessing the energies and vision needed to win the Cold War — had little to do with a bottom line.
Advertisement
So what else can Trump offer us? Well to begin with, a self-financed campaign. Does it follow that all who finance their own campaigns are narcissists? At this writing Steve Forbes has spent $63 million in pursuit of the Republican nomination. Forbes is an evangelist, not an exhibitionist. In his long and sober private career, Steve Forbes never bought a casino, and if he had done so, he would not have called it Forbes's Funhouse. His motivations are discernibly selfless. . . .
Advertisement
There are moments of deep gloom during the primary season. The candidates are immediately approached after a public event to be told whether what they just finished saying added or subtracted from their probable standing in the polls. And the American voter who wants to see a sign of life and of pride in the participants in our expensive and exhausting democratic obstacle course wonder, sometimes with a sense of desperation, whether what we're seeing is new. Or, are we looking at merely this season's reenactment of a ritual that began when Aaron Burr and Alexander Hamilton were quarreling before their conclusive encounter at Weehawken?
There is always rivalry, and there is always a search for means of exploiting the means of advancing one's own position. In other ages, one paid court to the king. Now we pay court to the people. In the final analysis, just as the king might look down with terminal disdain upon a courtier whose hypocrisy repelled him, so we have no substitute for relying on the voter to exercise a quiet veto when it becomes more necessary to discourage cynical demagogy, than to advance free health for the kids. That can come later, in another venue; the resistance to a corrupting demagogy should take first priority.
Facebook is changing its news feed to favour paid advertising. This is making it harder for activist groups to get their message out there.
Union organisers and activists have always had mixed feelings about Facebook.
On the one hand, it's a corporation out to make a profit. It doesn't respect our privacy, and sometimes undermines our organising by deleting pages it feels clash with its business interests. And more and more, we are having to defend members who say things on Facebook that get shared more widely than they intended.
On the other hand, it's a great way to reach a lot of people really quickly. As the statistics below show, Facebook is by far the greatest source of traffic to our website, bringing exponentially more hits than twitter.
Every story that we have had that has gone viral has done so through people sharing the story on Facebook.
But as this video explains, Facebook is shifting its priorities to paid advertisers. Users will see more and more paid for content in their streams, and less and less from people and organisations they have chosen to follow.
We have certainly noticed the effect on our Facebook page. At the time of writing, we have over 5,000 followers. A few months ago, a story we shared would be seen by an average of 250 – 500 people. This is still only 5% to 10% of our followers, but it's a significant audience.
This audience is also big enough for us to gain the critical mass needed to help a story go viral. If 200 people see a post, there is a much greater chance that several will like and share it than if only 20 see it, and we have seen some posts really take off and reach thousands of people.
But Facebook recently announced changes to the way it selects what it shows you: it prioritises content from paying advertisers and established news websites.
This undermines the function of social media as an alternative news source, and it's part of an insidious process called “the filter bubble” that uses the power of the internet's corporate giants – Facebook, Google and so on – to control what users see.
We have certainly noticed the difference at USi. A typical story posted on our Facebook page is now seen by around 30 people, which is less than 1% of our followers. This seriously undermines Facebook's usefulness as an organising tool for ourselves and other activists.
As Alex White points out, we will need to get creative if we want to reach people on Facebook.
Facebook also prioritises content that is liked, shared and commented on. In the short term, if you see something you like on Facebook – including posts on our page, please like and share them so that other people can see them too,
And in the long run, it's just another reminder not to put all our eggs in one basket when organising online.
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial License
Net Neutrality, the First Amendment of the Internet, has come under withering attack from the Astroturf lobby -- corporate front groups that are determined to hand control of the Internet to companies like AT&T and Comcast.
Their battle strategy involves getting a handful of House Democrats to cave to right-wing pressure and vote in favor of a measure that would strip the Federal Communications Commission of its ability to protect freedom of speech and choice for Internet users.
An article on Andrew Breitbart's Big Government identifies 13 Democrats as possible sympathizers, and urges readers to phone them up and urge their vote on Wednesday for a Congressional "Resolution of Disapproval" that has been embraced by Rep. Michele Bachmann and pushed by House Speaker John Boehner.
If passed, the Resolution of Disapproval (H.J. Res. 37) would open the door to widespread corporate abuse of Net Neutrality.
The front groups' target list includes Democratic Reps. Jason Altmire (PA-4), Sanford Bishop (GA-2), Leonard Boswell (IA-3), Jim Costa (CA-20), Henry Cuellar (TX-28), Reuben Hinojosa (TX-15), Tim Holden (PA-17), Rick Larsen (WA-2), Mike McIntyre (NC-7), Jerry McNerney (CA-11), Gregory Meeks (NY-6), David Scott (GA-13), and Heath Shuler (NC-11).
Each of these 13 members has a track record of caving to corporate pressure on telecommunications policy. In May of 2010, 12 were among those who signed an industry-spun letter designed to undermine the FCC's authority to protect an open Internet and foster universal access.
Most every one of them has received considerable sums from the phone and cable lobby, which makes them particularly vulnerable in the thinking of the corporate funded Tea Party groups that are now generating letters and calls to their offices.
"This is our first opportunity to rein in the Barack Obama Administration's ongoing, all-encompassing effort to bypass Congress and enact their Leftist policies via executive branch regulatory fiat," one commenter wrote at Big Government.
Americans for Prosperity, the industry-funded astroturf group, has asked its members to send letters to these and other House offices calling Net Neutrality "Obama's Internet takeover." (Last night, the White House vowed to veto the Resolution should it pass Congress)
"Regulating the Internet under the banner of so-called network neutrality has been a far-left obsession for years," argues Americans for Prosperity VP of Policy Phil Kerpen.
In truth, Net Neutrality has received support from every corner of society -- from the socially conservative Christian Coalition to the rights advocates at ACLU, from librarians and educators to video gamers and musicians.
More than two million Americans have sent letters to the FCC and Congress urging leaders to "stand with the public by protecting Net Neutrality once and for all."
It's an issue that should transcend partisan politics to be supported by anyone who believes in our right to connect with everyone else online and share information without being blocked by carriers.
The Real Story on Iran, US, Russia and China
The real story is, and will continue to be, how Iran, the key power in Southwest Asia, is about to be positioned in the nonstop complex ballet between the US, Russia and China. That's one of the key vectors of the New Great Game in Eurasia.
By Pepe Escobar
March 09, 2015 "
ICH
" - "
Spuitnik
" - The real story was never about how warmonger Israeli Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu, a foreign leader, would crudely use the House of Cards, sorry, the US Capitol, as a lowly re-election bully pulpit to mould the US presidency and American foreign policy.
A graphic indication is that while “Bomb Iran” Bibi was distilling his 39-minute harangue in Washington, US Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif were engaged in their third round of nuclear negotiations in Montreux.
The real story is also only partially about this perennial soap opera — the Iranian nuclear dossier. By the end of this month there will be a deadline to reach a framework agreement, and by June – optimistically – a comprehensive final settlement.
What's at stake at the highest level has been known to all major players for ages. Tehran won't settle for anything less than a swift end to the current nasty, illegal package of sanctions. Yet Washington, under the cloud of the self-described "Don't Do Stupid Stuff" Obama administration, keeps changing the goal posts as negotiations advance.
The latest is a demand by Obama for a 10-year suspension of Iranian nuclear activity. Zarif called it "illogical" and "excessive".
Well, as illogical as the trademark paranoia exhibited by the usual basket of US neo-cons and extreme right-wingers. Compare it to how Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei regards nuclear power – with all its implications; this has also been on the record for ages for anyone to see.
China, Russia and Plan B
Unlike the Cheney regime, the Obama administration seems to have reached a logical conclusion – facilitated by extensive Pentagon gaming; Washington can't destroy Iran's nuclear program – unless it would use nuclear weapons.
Along most of the past decade, that was Plan A. Plan B is the never-ending "negotiations", which boils down to placing a series of restrictions on Iran's nuclear program in exchange for a still very dubious end of sanctions.
Yet the real objective of the Masters of the Universe who control the shadowplay in the Washington/Wall Street axis is to manage imperial decline. That implies, in Southwest Asia, a renewed Divide and Rule push, featuring Turkey, Iran, Saudi Arabia and Israel.
Some key players in Washington are getting increasingly impatient with the House of Saud – what with its low price oil strategy bombing the US shale oil industry. Others worry that Turkey – after a key Pipelineistan deal, the Turk Stream – is moving away to Russia. Thus the option to sort of reintegrate Iran into a collaboration with the West, if not close, at least yielding profitable deals for Western corporations.
Meanwhile, Russia and China are not standing idly, as they are an important part of the P5+1 negotiating team with Iran. Both BRICS nations can – and do — use Iran as leverage in how they negotiate with the hegemon, always finding ways to undermine the US "pivoting to Asia".
As soon as relations with Iran are normalized, Tehran will be admitted to the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO); currently it enjoys observer status. Washington dreads the move – as it will advance Iran's Eurasian integration, and solidify a Moscow-Tehran-Beijing political/commercial axis.
Russia already does very good business with Iran – from nuclear plants to weapons sales. No US deal with Iran will come through without a tacit Russian acquiescence – and the Americans know it. Beijing, for its part, tends to cling to the status quo – as in not desiring Tehran to get any closer to the West because that would mean a freer hegemon in its "pivoting to Asia" mode, which China, correctly, identifies as containment.
Further on down the road, Tehran can use a rapprochement with the West to increase its bargaining power with Beijing. Assuming a deal is reached this summer, Tehran will be in an excellent position to extract concessions – on the economy, security, defense – from its Chinese partners. But the name of the game remains Eurasian integration.
The Caliphate, "our" bastards
As for vociferous Bibi, all he had left was to once again try to sell Washington an Israeli war of choice against a demonized-to-oblivion Iran. It didn't fly – as much as those usual suspects, the AIPAC lobby, bluntly ordered their shock troops to tell the House of Cards, sorry US Congress, that war is peace, and any nuclear deal is a deal with the devil. As argued by Trita Parsi, the real "existential threat" for Bibi is peace.
Once again, the real story here is not a nuclear Iran; it's the possibility of a US-Iran détente where Israel's grip on US foreign policy is not ironclad anymore.
Predictably, Bibi lumped as evil forces lurking in his "neighborhoo" everyone from Iran and "Lebanon" (he meant Hezbollah) to Assad's Syria and Hamas. But not ISIS/ISIL/Daesh. So a non-nuclear Iran is a worse threat to civilization than the fake, beheading-addicted Caliphate.
Espousing such a worldview Bibi would not even qualify as an extra on House of Cards – the one on Netflix. Meanwhile, the real Israel story – the illegal occupation/apartheid imposed on Palestine – continues, obscured by the usual gaggle of somnambulists in the Bibi-raided House of Cards, sorry, US Congress.
Pepe Escobar's latest book is "Empire of Chaos". Follow him on Facebook.
Sen. Al Franken attends a hearing on Capitol Hill on Wednesday in Washington. Tasos Katopodis/Getty Images
Two more women have accused Al Franken of sexual misconduct, bringing the number of allegations against the Democratic senator up to six. The allegations involve inappropriate touching and an unwanted kiss, incidents the women described as leaving them feeling ashamed and demeaned.
Stephanie Kemplin, a 41-year-old Army veteran from Ohio, has accused Franklin of cupping her breast during a photo op at a USO tour in 2003 in Kuwait. She told CNN Franken placed his arm around her while they were positioning for the photo and kept his hand on her breast. The touching lasted 5–10 seconds before she shifted her body to move his hand, she told CNN.
And I remember thinking—is he going to move his hand? Was it an accident? Was he going to move his hand? He never moved his hand.
It was long enough that he should have known if it was an accident. I'm very confident saying that.
She is the second woman to accuse Franken of misconduct at a USO tour when he was a comedian. The first allegation against Franken was raised two weeks ago by Los Angeles news anchor Leeann Tweeden, who alleged Franken groped and forcibly kissed her during a USO tour in 2006. According to CNN, Kemplin reached out to Tweeden shortly after the latter went public with her accusations, and they spoke on the phone.
In the photo, there is no evidence of the groping, but CNN spoke to Kemplin's sister and ex-boyfriend, both of whom said Kemplin had told them about the incident at the time.
A Franken spokesperson responded to CNN Wednesday night:
As Sen. Franken made clear this week, he takes thousands of photos and has met tens of thousands of people and he has never intentionally engaged in this kind of conduct. He remains fully committed to cooperating with the ethics investigation.
The other woman to accuse Franken of misconduct today spoke anonymously to Jezebel and was described as a “former elected official in New England.” She told Jezebel that Franken had given her a “wet, open-mouthed kiss” onstage at a live taping of his show in 2006. The woman was then working as the chair of her town's board, and she had been invited to be interviewed on Franken's show for progressive radio station Air America. Per Jezebel:
After the interview, the woman tells us, “I reached out my hand to shake his.” Then, she says, “He took it and leaned toward me with his mouth open. I turned my head away from him and he landed a wet, open-mouthed kiss awkwardly on my cheek.”
The woman says she was in disbelief. “I was stunned and incredulous. I felt demeaned. I felt put in my place.”
She said that although the taping was in front of a large audience, no one noticed the kiss.
The woman said she wanted to remain anonymous to keep her name “associated with [her] own accomplishments,” according to Jezebel.
The other women who have accused Franken in recent weeks include Lindsay Menz, who said Franken grabbed her butt while she took a photo with Franken at the Minnesota State Fair in 2010, and two anonymous women who told the Huffington Post that Franken had groped them in 2007 and 2008.
Franken, who entered the Senate in 2009, has spoken about his “shame and embarrassment” over the allegations and called on the Senate Ethics Committee to look into his behavior, but he maintains he does not remember the alleged incidents. He returned to the Senate on Monday.
On Tuesday, Tucker Carlson debated a UCONN sociology professor who will speak at an upcoming college lecture series on how President Trump's supporters elected him using "racial reasoning."
Matthew Hughey will deliver a lecture at the University of Maryland entitled "Make America White Again - The Racial Reasoning of American Nationalism".
"[White people] have done very well in this country and have in large part outpaced other racial groups due to a series of ... advantages given to them."
O'Reilly: Trump Admin Is Putting Economic Growth 'Above All Else'
Tucker Takes on Writer Who Says Media Should 'Shun' Kellyanne Conway
Cruz, Poe Introduce Bill to Let Governors Ban Refugee Resettlement
White supremacy was a huge factor in Trump's victory, Hughey said, adding that race and "heteronormativity" among other factors explain why all but one American president has been a white male.
Carlson asked: If America is considered to be a white supremacist nation, why have immigration authorities let in 65 million legal immigrants in the past few decades which only include 12 percent from Europe?
Hughey said a white upper class must "trade on immigrants" to do work that they would not find appealing, and that white supremacist societies rely on having "a large racial underclass" for that and other reasons.
Watch the full debate above and let us know what you think in the comments.
'The President Does Believe That': Spicer Grilled on Trump's Claims of Illegal Votes
Poll: Some Cite Trump as 1 in 3 Californians Support Secession from US
Rove: 'Appalling' Dems Holding Up Sessions' Vote for 'Sheer Political Joy'
Nearly one in 10 couples are now ethnically mixed, according to an official analysis revealed today.
It said there are 2.3 million people living as part of a mixed couple, nine per cent of all those who live as part of a couple, and their numbers have gone up by more than a third in a decade.
The figures on inter-ethnic relationships, compiled by the Office for National Statistics, suggest that racial prejudice is a diminishing force and more and more people are happy to share their lives with someone from a different ethnic background.
The report also found that 833,000 children, some seven per cent of those under 16 or still at school in England and Wales, are being brought up in a home led by an ethnically-mixed couple.
The count of ethnically mixed couples was taken from the 2011 national census results. The most likely people to be living in a mixed relationship are those whose parents were ethnically mixed themselves, the report said.
‘People from the mixed groups are themselves likely to be the result of inter-ethnic relationships that have emerged in the last 60 years from post-war immigration patterns,' the ONS report said.
‘These groups have a much younger age profile than some of the other ethnic groups and 80 per cent of the people in this group were born in the UK.'
The number of ethnically mixed couples went up from 1,709,000 at the time of the 2001 census to 2,327,000 in 2011, the report said.
The 36 per cent increase in numbers meant the percentage of mixed couples in the population went up from seven per cent to nine per cent of all couples.
Around eight per cent of married couples were from mixed backgrounds, and 12 per cent of cohabiting couples.
The ONS analysis counted different white groups such as ‘white British,' ‘white Irish' and ‘other whites' - including people from parts of Europe, America and Austalia - as ethnically different.
However, the report said that despite an increase of more than a million in the number of people classed as ‘other white' as a result of Eastern European immigration, the percentage of other white people in mixed relationships went down between 2001 and 2011.
The other white group, the report said, is made up mostly of people born outside Britain, and includes half a million Polish people. The group ‘contains more recent migrants who have had less time to establish mixed relationships,' the ONS said.
Numbers of men and women in mixed relationships were broadly the same across most ethnic groups.
‘However, there were some differences between the sexes for some ethnic groups,' the report said. ‘The biggest differences were found in the Chinese group where women were twice as likely – 39 per cent – to be in an inter-ethnic relationship as men.'
By contrast, Arab men were more likely to be in a mixed relationship than Arab women.
Fewer than a third of those in mixed relationships are over the age of 50.
‘Older people may have more traditional views on inter-ethnic relationships and they were also more likely to have entered into a relationship at a time when England and Wales were less ethnically diverse,' the report said. ‘Younger people are more likely to have grown up in the UK exposed to other ethnic groups, and to respond to observed changes in society, in terms of increasing diversity.'
The most common inter-ethnic relationships were between white British, other white, and white Irish people, involving over 500,000 people.
Photo by Invisible Hour
Death is inescapable. It's the answer to every final question that lingers on your lips, as regular as clockwork and unstoppable as the tide. We fear its cold embrace and the unanswered questions that surround it, but it fascinates us, too; it's life's greatest mystery, after all, and the exploration and veneration of its certainty has inspired countless cults, collectors, and, of course, metal bands.
Seattle bruisers Black Breath are the latest in a long, morbid line of heshers to explore the subject, tackling death head-on with their upcoming album for Southern Lord, Slaves Beyond Death. While none of us are truly beyond death's grip, Black Breath's lethal cocktail of ripping thrash, fetid death metal, and bloody hardcore would make an excellent soundtrack for whatever fucked-up activity eventually lands you in the morgue—and whatever hellish afterlife you may skid down into next.
We're now streaming an exclusive premiere of the album's vicious title track, "Slaves Beyond Death," below. Enjoy, fleshbags!
Black Breath will be ringing funeral bells up and down the Left Coast alongside Goatsnake, Battalion of Saints, and Obliterations next month:
9/16/2015 Mystery Box – Los Angeles, CA [info]
9/17/2015 Alexs' Bar – Long Beach, CA [info]
9/18/2015 The Garage – Ventura, CA [*no Goatsnake] [info]
9/19/2015 Brick By Brick – San Diego, CA [info]
9/20/2015 Club Red – Mesa, AZ [info]
9/22/2015 Elbo Room – San Francisco, CA [info]
9/23/2015 Boardwalk – Sacramento, CA [info]
9/24/2015 Catalyst Atrium – Santa Cruz, CA [info]
9/26/2015 Highline – Seattle, WA **BLACK BREATH record release show [info]
9/27/2015 Hawthorne Theater – Portland, OR [info]
Users Table Mutations
Three ways of building and altering a users table
Raphaël Huchet Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 17, 2017
Synopsis
John Doe just started a new job as a CTO in a Uber-like startup. He will have to scale, disrupt and innovate. But for now, he needs a users table.
Day 1 : Users are simple entities with ID, email, password, name and role (customer, driver or admin).
: Users are simple entities with ID, email, password, name and role (customer, driver or admin). Day 2 : John adds a phone number to all users.
: John adds a phone number to all users. Day 3 : New use cases, business is growing. Users need country, gender and optional company.
: New use cases, business is growing. Users need country, gender and optional company. Day 4 : Let's add a bio to driver users only.
: Let's add a bio to driver users only. Day 5: Some clients want to add custom properties to their customers account.
John could have met the day-to-day needs in an infinite number of ways. Let's examine 3 scenarii amongst others (John chooses PostgreSQL).
1st Scenario — Bigmouth Buffalo's Path
Day 1
John creates a users table with 6 columns: id (uuid, primary key), email (varchar), password (varchar), role (enum: customer, driver, admin), created_at and updated_at (timestamps).
Day 2
John alters the users table and adds a phone column (varchar, nullable). Phone is nullable: the users created on day one do not have a phone number, and John will maybe never know their phone numbers.
Day 3
John alters again the users table and adds country (varchar, nullable), gender (enum, nullable), and company (varchar, nullable).
Day 4
Biographies are only for drivers. There are at least two possibilities:
Create a nullable bio text column (NULL for non-drivers) Because it's only for drivers, create a drivers_biographies table with FK on users and a bio text column.
Each possibility has its pros and cons, John chooses to add a new table because he dislikes having too much NULL and he is certain he never will add biography to other account types. Maybe he is wrong.
Day 5
Clients can now ask for custom fields on their users. So it's some kind of dynamic variable properties. John could add nullable new column on demand on its users table (client ask for users' pets names, John adds a pet_name column). But it does not sound scalable to him, maybe he is wrong.
So, he decided to create two new tables: properties and users_properties . The properties table has 2 columns:
id (uuid)
(uuid) label (varchar) Example: “Pet name”
The users_properties has 3 columns:
user_id (foreign key on users table)
(foreign key on table) property_id (foreign key on users_properties table) Example: the id of “Pet name”
(foreign key on table) Example: the id of “Pet name” value (uh… Something? it depends. So, Text I guess?!)
Now every time a client ask for new properties on its users, John's application adds a new entry in properties table. Then, for each new user with custom properties, some lines are added in users_properties table for its own properties (EAV-like pattern).
Post-mortem — Mary Foobar analysis
There seems to be some problems with this approach:
company is an optional column which is empty most time. There is only one for now, but what about day 12?
is an optional column which is empty most time. There is only one for now, but what about day 12? drivers_biographies is a one-to-one table, it's overkill.
is a one-to-one table, it's overkill. Mixing users' data in two tables is a mess. Why are some fields ( company , gender ) in users table and some other ( mobile_phone , pet_name ) in users_properties table (with a different schema)? John's database architecture could be considered inconsistent.
, ) in table and some other ( , ) in table (with a different schema)? John's database architecture could be considered inconsistent. Querying a user with its properties would be harder than usual.
Mapping to objects (assuming John uses this kind of thing) would be complicated too.
There are 4 tables at day 5, only for describing users.
Every new column in users table has to be nullable: theses columns were added after the first insertions of users, which have no value.
Quick and dirty implementation of the Bigmouth Buffalo's Path.
Maybe John could have built a better architecture.
2nd Scenario —Bluefish's path
Day 1
John is foresighted. As of Buffalo Mouth's Path, he creates a users table with id, email, password and role. But he also creates immediately a users_properties table (Entity-Attribute-Value model), similar to Wordpress approach. users_properties is a table with user_id (foreign key on users table), key (varchar, example: name, company, phone, etc.), and value (text).
Day 2, 3, 4, 5
John is relaxed, he does not have to alter its table schemas. Its program just adds new users in database with their new properties. He created an admin panel to quickly add new properties.
Post mortem — Mary Foobar Analysis
There is one benefit over the previous design. It's simple to explain and understand, each property is located in one unique table. EAV is a well known pattern, even if John had not heard about it, he would have invented it himself. There are only two tables for describing users metadata, and there will not be more. But there are also caveats:
Simple queries become complex and unreadable versus a classic table with one column by property. SELECT name FROM users WHERE age=50 AND gender='f' becomes:
SELECT
name.meta_value AS name,
FROM
users_properties age,
users_properties name,
users_properties gender
WHERE age.key = 'age'
AND age.value = '50'
AND age.user_id = name.user_id
AND gender.user_id = age.user_id
AND gender.key = 'gender' and gender.value = 'f'
The table is not readable with human eye. SQL is about rows and columns, the model is destroyed by EAV.
Unreadable random table found on Google Images
Duplicate data is harder to detect, no data types, no data hierarchy, no consistency, etc.
3rd Scenario — Rainbow Trout's path
Day 1
As many else, John took an interest years ago in “NoSQL”. He tried and abandoned MongoDB to return to its first love, PostgreSQL. He remembers feeling schema-less data can have benefits in some cases, especially in variable metadata. So this time, John creates a users table with id, email, password, role, metadata (JSONB) created_at and updated_at. Its metadata column is schema-less, he could store objects like:
{"phone": "+33612345678", "company": "My company", "gender": "f"}
Day 2, 3, 4, 5
Table schema does not change.
Post mortem — Mary Foobar Analysis
There are some benefits with this design over previous paths:
Only one table for describing one entity: users.
Queries are easy to write: select * from users where metadata->'age'=50
Data is easy to read in one row per user (to be fair, the JSON part is a bit harder to read if it grows).
EAV is avoided for user defined fields.
There are some warnings too:
John should remember to add a GIN index on metadata.
John should not add relation in metadata. With a JSONB column, there is a great temptation to add everything in that column. If John adds a new entity, he has to create a new table, not add a sub-property like:
{ "bookings": [
{ "id": "aaa-bb-cc", "date": "2017–01–12", "duration": "10 days"},
{ "id": "xxx-yy-zz", "date": "2017–02–10", "duration": "1 day"},
]}
CHENNAI: Has your well-fed pet cat suddenly gone missing? For all you know, your feline friend might have ended up as the toast of a gypsy-wedding feast – off your rugs and onto their plates.
Cat meat is a delicacy for us, says Shyama of the Narikuravar (Gypsy) settlement in Kotturpuram. At their marriage feasts, ‘Cat Biriyani' is the main course! “For special occasions, we go for cats from rich houses that wander out in the mornings. They are the best fed. The quantity and quality is very good.”
I was invited to a feast to celebrate the birth of a male child; this special feast had another furry delicacy - Cat Soup! “We cannot afford chicken,” says top-cook Laika. “It is softer than mutton. You'll know when you taste it.”
As domestic help, beads-sellers and drifters, these gypsies trap cats in innocent looking sacks. Animal welfare activists worry about theft and cruelty to cats but for the gypsies cats are part of nature's food cycle. “Farmers raise cattle and eat them. We breed cats and eat them,” justifies Laika, pointing to the cats following her, unaware of the impending culinary potluck.
Gypsies are astute businessmen, too, seeing an opportunity here as well. “Cats of Besant Nagar and Alwarpet are the biggest, and the best” recommends Kamalesh, a wizened old beads-salesman. “I can give you a 10-kilo cat, 100 per cent cleaned and cut for Rs 400.”
Fancy a change in fare? Meeow, if the answer's a resounding ‘Yes'.
The news: Come 2017, the contraception landscape might look very, very different.
Vasalgel, an up-and-coming non-hormonal form of birth control for men, announced in a press release last week that its preclinical trials on primates had been successful. "If all goes well, [we] will be planning for clinical trials with humans to start next year," said the release.
The procedure is simple. As the name suggests, it works by blocking the vas deferens, the part of the male anatomy that carries sperm. It's similar to a vasectomy, but because it blocks the vas deferens instead of cutting it, the idea is to make the procedure easily reversible, with no lasting sperm damage. According to Vasalgel's developer, the Parsemus Foundation, a second injection would flush out the gel when the man no longer wanted it.
Trials involving male baboons have yielded (or not) promising results. Six months ago, three male baboons were injected with Vasalgel, and a month ago were moved to separate enclosures with 10 to 15 females each. Despite regular copulation, no pregnancies have been reported, though researchers will keep them together for a few more weeks to be sure.
The Parsemus Foundation says large-scale human trials are on the table for 2015-2016, and if everything goes according to plan, the gel will be on the market in 2017. The price? "It is likely that the cost for the doctor visit will be more than for the product," the organization says.
A brief history of male birth control: Unlike female birth control, which is extremely common, birth control for men is more elusive, excluding condoms. "The push for male hormonal contraceptive goes way back, more than a half-century ... starting in the 1950s, researchers were saying it was just around the corner, within the next five years," Elaine Tyler May, author of America and the Pill: A History of Promise, Peril and Liberation, told Gizmodo.
Yet a product still hasn't emerged, likely for a few reasons. May told Gizmodo that one of the side effects of potential male birth control pills has been impotence, and nobody wants that. A second hurdle is physiology; men make 1,000 sperm per second, whereas women make one egg per month.
Another reason is pharmaceutical companies. They would much rather provide (and charge) a woman every month for birth control, rather charge for a one-time procedure like Vasalgel. As the Daily Beast puts it, "Why sell a flat-screen television to a man, after all, when you can rent one to a woman for a decade?"
Save for a vasectomy, Vasalgel may be the next best option. It doesn't protect against HIV or STIs, but then again, neither does the pill.
This may change the conversation. If Vasalgel does become as widespread as researchers hope, it may lead to some interesting changes in the debate over reproductive health. Women's bodies have always been social and cultural battlegrounds, and nowhere has this been more evident than with access to birth control. What happens when it's men's bodies in question and not women's?
No one knows — at least not yet. But if Vasalgel does make it in 2017, we might have an answer sooner rather than later.
h/t The Daily Beast
MIAMI — With an eye on next year's presidential election, the Florida Legislature passed a bill on Thursday that would tighten the rules on third-party voter registration and limit the number of days early voting can take place, an effort that Democrats portrayed as blatant voter suppression.
The legislation, which Republican leaders said was needed to curb fraud, save money and ensure a more orderly process, will now go to Gov. Rick Scott for his signature.
“We have come a long way since the 2000 elections,” said Senator Miguel Diaz de la Portilla, a Miami Republican who sponsored the bill, referring to Florida's central role in the disputed presidential tally. “This bill makes the process better, clearer, more transparent, more accessible. It enfranchises voters.”
But Democrats accused Republicans of trying to make it more difficult for voters — particularly Democrats — to cast their ballots and said the bill was unnecessary because reforms put in place after 2000 have largely been successful. Fraud, they said, is minimal: the Florida Department of State referred 31 cases of alleged voter fraud to the Department of Law Enforcement in the past three years.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
United States Senator Bill Nelson, a Florida Democrat who opposes the bill, said Thursday in a letter to Mr. Scott that he planned to seek a Justice Department inquiry because major changes in election law in several counties require federal approval.
It's early, but let's prep Jason Segel's Oscar campaign just to be safe. James Ponsoldt's "The End of the Tour," which premiered Friday at the Sundance Film Festival, is the start of something beautiful for Segel, who sheds his Apatowian routine to fill the iconic shoes of David Foster Wallace. Segel eases into a drawl that matches the author's hesitant lips, but this is no mere imitation: He channels every complicated facet of the Wallace's personality, introducing a sympathetic loner whose softness is often belied by a hardened confusion about the world he inhabits.
Buried beneath Wallace's fame is an insecurity that extends beyond unkempt hair and signature bandanas. Segel's performance is a master class in capturing layers of expression with one's eyes. That shines through in his interactions with Jesse Eisenberg, who portrays David Lipsky, the Rolling Stone journalist who spent five days with Wallace during his "Infinite Jest" book tour and forms the bedrock of the mini-biopic on display. No flattering reviews can prevent Wallace's skepticism about how he'll be portrayed in the unctuous but honest young writer's profile, but his wall comes down so easily that what resounds is a man who wants desperately to be liked in an authentic way. Wallace shirks every Gen X wunderkind label the public assigns to him, yet somehow he's paranoid Lipsky won't like him. Segel showcases a restlessness that bubbles beneath the writer's tender surfaces; it shatters his charm every so often, unwrapping a well-documented darkness.
"The End of the Tour" thrives because it doesn't ask to be about more than it is. Writers will take to the long conversations these men hold about inspiration and self-doubt and notoriety, but this is a movie for everyone who's ever pondered any of those things. Segel treats Wallace as something between a recluse and an everyman, and anyone who sees the film without having read Wallace's tomes may not even walk away with the presumptuous "genius" label that too many biographical films insist upon. There's some media commentary about the value of a splashy celebrity profile, but Segel doesn't position his character as the clichéd, highfalutin literary type many movies portray, as if to say that we can't truly know this god we've positioned among men. There's an intimacy to this story, and that's why the talky road-trip film is such an achievement.
Donald Margulies' script -- based on Lipsky's memoir "Although Of Course You End Up Becoming Yourself," which uses the interview transcript as source material -- is largely responsible for that intimacy, but it's Segel whose magnetism is most alluring. The simplest moments reveal the deepest psychology, like a stop at a convenience store where Lipsky informs a still-shy Wallace at the cash register that their time together is covered by Rolling Stone's expense account. (Cue an abundance of Jann Wenner jokes.) There's a flash of hesitation before Segel rushes back to the aisles to pile more junk food onto the counter. Juxtapose that warmth with an anger that appears when Wallace thinks anyone is talking about him behind his back or doubting his character, as when he's convinced Lipsky is hitting on an ex-girlfriend who joins them for a leg of the tour. Segel eyes them from across the room and we see his mood shift before he can even jump up to confront Lipsky. Here, folks, is an actor who has grasped his character and wants you to as well.
Tesla Motors has invested millions of dollars into its superchargers—a growing network of nearly 500 fast-charging stations—to make long-distance travel feasible and stress-free for owners of the all-electric Model S. Now it's teaming up with home-sharing start-up Airbnb to bring charging stations to select hosts' homes.
The partnership, announced Thursday, will focus on Airbnb homes in California and eventually expand globally, the companies said. Just 12 homes are equipped with Tesla home charging stations, but the two companies hope to expand that number through a targeted campaign.
An existing Airbnb host who lists an entire home, has had more than five bookings, and has an average overall star rating of 4+ is eligible to receive a free Tesla charger, which cost $750. The host must pay for the installation, which costs between $200 and $900 depending on the layout of the home.
Tesla (TSLA) will select the properties from a pool of applicants who meet the criteria.
Tesla owners should expect to pay about $10 for a night's charge of electricity, according to an estimate provided by the company.
The partnership marks Tesla's broader effort to convince consumers that owning an electric car is not a hassle, a perception that has prevented EVs from being widely adopted. About 119,710 plug-in vehicles were sold in the United States in 2014, a 23% boost from 2013 and a 128% jump from 2012, according to research from InsideEVs.com. Despite the double-digit increase, plug-in electric vehicles made up less than 1% of total vehicle sales in the United States.
Tesla has also been aggressively building out its so-called destination charging program over the past year. Tesla has installed its high-power wall connector at hotels, resorts, restaurants, and other destinations a Model S owner is likely to visit. The company had nearly 1,2o0 destination charging sites worldwide as of June 2015, with an average of two connectors at each location.
Thursday July 6, 2017 09:30 AM
(c) 2017, The Washington Post.
Randy Bryce, an ironworker and labor organizer challenging Speaker Paul Ryan for his Wisconsin House seat, was having a good week. His campaign, kicked off by an emotional video, raised nearly $500,000 in less than 30 days.
This week, Bryce beamed into CNN to keep up the momentum - and ran straight into a question about whether he, like a growing number of Democrats, supports European-style universal health care.
"You want to raise $32 trillion in taxes?" asked CNN's John Berman.
"There's a lot of people not paying their fair share in taxes," Bryce said. "There are corporations getting away with a lot."
"That would be quite a tax hike," said CNN's Poppy Harlow. "That's an astonishing number, $32 trillion over a decade."
Democrats, who are largely using the week-long recess to rally opposition to the Republicans' deeply unpopular attempt to repeal parts of the Affordable Care Act, are now facing a political challenge of their own: increasing pressure from their liberal base to embrace universal, government-funded health-care coverage.
Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., perhaps the country's most prominent proponent of universal coverage, is waiting for an opening - likely after the GOP's repeal push succeeds or fails - to introduce a new bill. Sens. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., and Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y., both seen as potential 2020 presidential candidates, each said last week that the party needed to get behind "Medicare for all."
Republicans have noticed - and have begun to attack. Facing a widespread voter backlash over the House and Senate repeal bills, they're trying to make universal coverage a political anchor for Democrats by asking if they can seriously defend trillions of dollars in new taxes and spending.
On Wednesday, the GOP's Senate campaign committee launched Web ads against the 10 Senate Democrats up for reelection in Trump-won states, warning of "government health care" if they win. The same day, the National Republican Congressional Committee gleefully highlighted the CNN interview with Bryce. White House press secretary Sean Spicer has also chimed in.
"When you look at the majority of House Democrats, they support a single-payer, $32 trillion bill backed by Bernie Sanders," Spicer said last month. "We need to accept that Obamacare is dead, we need to understand that the reality is that what the choice is between putting in a system that is affordable and accessible, or a single-payer $32 trillion health-care plan that the majority of House Democrats support."
The $32 trillion refers to H.R. 676, a Medicare-for-all bill sponsored every year by Rep. John Conyers Jr., D-Mich.; the cost estimate comes from a study by the Urban Institute. For the first time, most House Democrats have endorsed the bill, and many can explain how a single-payer system would end up saving money.
Still, Republicans are readier to attack the measure than many swing-district Democrats are ready to defend it.
"I continue to be surprised, though perhaps I shouldn't be, that they keep moving further and further left, especially after getting burned politically by Obamacare for so long," said Rob Engstrom, the political director of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. "Where are the days where Rahm Emanuel and Howard Dean would come in and find moderate candidates that could actually win in the South and West?"
Sanders' upcoming bill will have a lower price tag and cost-sharing measures that will be easier to sell, according to aides. But any single-payer plan will require a tax hike larger than any Democrats have run on since the Great Depression. In 2016, Sanders proposed paying for his plan with a 2.2 percent federal income tax hike and a 6.2 percent health-care payroll tax on employers. Some red and purple state Democrats, including Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., have blanched at the cost.
"I told Bernie this: Let's look at the tax code," Manchin said in a recent interview with The Washington Post. "Look at Sweden and Denmark - look at their tax code. You can't just pick what you like and think everything stays the same. How are you going to pay for it? How do people get access to it? How much regulation? Let's find out."
The single-payer chorus has been growing louder. Gillibrand has talked about expanding Medicare for years, but it was only last week when she fully embraced a single-payer, government-funded model. Bryce is among the new faces on board.
Last week, as Sen. Kamala Harris, D-Calif., addressed a pro-ACA rally outside the Capitol, members of Democratic Socialists of America chanted "single payer!" As Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., finished his first town hall meeting of the recess, a 35-year-old Web developer named Justin Speers demanded he talk about the Conyers bill.
"Senator Wyden!" Speers shouted. "Will you support Medicare for all, H.R. 676, and quit taking money from Blue Cross/Blue Shield?"
When the applause died down, and the handmade "Medicare for all" signs were lowered, Wyden passed the litmus test - barely - by talking about how states could build single-payer systems under the existing structure of the Affordable Care Act.
"Democrats need to stand for something or they will keep getting crushed," Speers said. "The least they can do is stand for Medicare for all."
Some liberal activists are skeptical that all the Democrats now willing to talk about universal coverage are also willing to act on it.
In states dominated by Democrats, single-payer campaigns have been thwarted by the high cost estimates - a preview, some worry, of what would happen if the plans went national. In 2014, Sanders' own Vermont, run entirely by Democrats, bottled a single-payer plan that would have been paid for by a 11.5 percent tax on businesses and 9.5 percent premium assessment.
"The total cost would still have been lower even with expanded access with better coverage," said Deb Richter, the Vermont director of Physicians for a National Health Program. "But you need to get the money from different pockets. And those pockets have influence, whereas those who would benefit the most from single payer don't have political clout."
This year in California, progressives got a single-payer outline through the state Senate, where Democrats hold a supermajority. But the state's budget rules would have required a state referendum or a yearly supermajority vote to pay the estimated $400 billion annual bill. House Democrats blocked a vote on the single-payer plan, which kicked off protests led by the California Nurses Association and a coalition of single-payer groups. RoseAnn DeMoro, the executive director of CNA, said Democrats were running on single-payer without ever planning to deliver.
"The Democrats will now co-opt the language of single payer for the wrong reasons, like Levi's co-opted blue jeans," DeMoro said. "The question should be 'do you support taking the insurance industry out of health care?' That is where the rubber meets the road. And that's where they will run for cover, with few exceptions."
Sanders himself has offered Democrats a get-out-of-jail-free card, relaxing his 2016 campaign rhetoric to argue for a more gradual path toward single payer.
"Short term we should lower the age of Medicare eligibility to 55 years of age," Sanders said in a weekend interview with CNN. "In the short term, I hope we can work with Republicans to end the absurdity of us paying the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. Longer term, we need a Medicare for all system."
Democrats are also willing to provide some leeway for candidates who didn't run on universal coverage. In this year's special House elections, only one Democrat, Montana's Rob Quist, said he favored Medicare for all. None of the others faced a serious backlash from activists, who were hungry for a win.
"Sure, Republicans are going to attack, but I think we'll just have to defend," said Rep. Keith Ellison, D-Minn., a co-sponsor of H.R. 676 and vice-chairman of the Democratic National Committee. "If they're right, why does every other country in the industrialized world pay half as much as we pay, and have better health-care costs? Explain, how does the VA do this? How does Medicare do this? It's not like Americans don't have a clear concept of single-payer; it's called the VA and it's called Medicare."
He added: "If they don't believe in having a Medicare for all system, I don't want them to get up and say they do," Ellison said. "But I'll tell you this - if you're a Democrat looking for an applause line, get up and say something about Medicare for all."
healthcare-dems
_____
Keywords: single-payer, aca, repeal and replace, aca repeal, universal coverage, bcra, ahca, congress, congress trump, paul ryan trump, mitch mcconnell trump, senate republicans trump, trump republicans
we dosupport piracy here. You will need tothe game if you don't have it already.Windows XP (32 & 64 bit)Windows VISTA (32 & 64 bit)Windows 7 (32 & 64 bit)Windows 8 (32 & 64 bit)The free space needed is approximatelyA dedicated GPU with at least 512MB of RAM.Read, download, and run the latest version of FF7 Game Converter.Rename a Hard Drive toRename a USB Flash Drive toMount this blank ISO: DOWNLOAD Read about and download the latest version of Bootleg Configurator.
Step 3:
Step 4:
AND
Step 5:
automatically
OR
manually
OR
my settings (EQ2Alyza)
Step 6:
This has been discontinued and is no longer supported.
Please use the 7th Heaven mod manager for all future FF7 modding needs.
Step 7:
█ █ █
█ █ █
█ █ █
█ █ █
█ █ █
█ █ █
█ █ █
█ █ █
Step 8:
RED.
FOR BROKEN LINKS TO INDIVIDUAL MODS, CHECK OUT
OR
DOWNLOAD THE TORRENT, WHICH HAS EVERY COMPATIBLE MOD:
AND
FOR MOD DETAILS, CHECK OUT
Step 9:
Step 10:
Always select Original (1997). ALWAYS.
Step 11:
What do I do if something doesn't work or appears broken?
1. Please post specifically what is happening when you run into your issue(s).
2. Please post your APP.LOG report, which is found in the game's installation folder.
I enjoy helping people, so do me a favor and help me as well. Check the Bug Report and Frequently Asked Questions below. If your issue isn't listed:1. Please post specifically what is happening when you run into your issue(s).2. Please post your APP.LOG report, which is found in the game's installation folder.I enjoy helping people, so do me a favor and help me as well.
Credits:
Open Bootleg040.zip and extract it to a non-system folder, e.g. C:\Games\FF7ModsEnable Administrator Privileges:Right-Click on "Bootleg.exe"Select "Properties"Go to the "Compatibility Tab"Check "Run this program as an administrator"Click "Apply", then "OK".Turn OFF Windows UAC: How To Turn Off UAC Selecting your mods.Open BFE.exe.You cansetup your mods by clicking on "Presets" in the menu bar and selecting one.You cansetup your mods by using a check-box or drop-down menu.(Recommended)You can loadfrom the torrent in STEP 8.Now click on the menu bar "File --> Mod List" or the blue button labeled "Mod Listing" to the right.You will see a big list with all the mods supported for Bootleg. Each mod shows a brief description of its use underneath, along with a download link to the right.These are mod files required for your configuration and are placed properly into your "Installation Tab --> Mod Source" folder.These are mod files required for your configuration but are not yet placed properly into your "Installation Tab --> Mod Source" folder.These are mod files not required for your configuration.These are alternate mod files to a mod listed in red. If these are downloaded, the primary red is not required and will change to yellow.Start downloading every mod colored inPlace your downloaded mods into a non-system folder (e.g. C:\Games\FF7Mods) to prevent any Windows access errors.Choose one of them. You don't need both. Once you download one of them, the others will turn yellow like the image example below.(FacePalmer Example)The Installation tab isn't configured correctly.Point "Destination Location" to the folder the game's installed.Point "Mod Source" to the folder with the downloaded mods.Point "Bootleg.exe Location" to the folder with the Bootleg files.Point "Temporary Files" to anywhere with at least 30GB of hard drive space.(Example)Once you have downloaded all the red/orange colored files, your mod list should be entirely yellow and green and are now ready to install.Disable any Anit-Virus and Firewall software. Sometimes Internet Browsers can cause a halt, so closing them may be needed.Click the red button labeled "Run Bootleg" to the right.Almost done!When installing Gjoerulv's Hardcore Mod for your Difficulty, click "Pick install folder" first.Then click the big "PATCH" button, wait for 100% complete, and click "Close" afterwards.When installing Menu Overhaul, there may be a few text documents that pop up which will give "error" reports.When installing FF7Music, PSF is the original Playstation music and OSTRemastered is the Playstation score reworked with more modern instrumentation.Configuring FF7 BootloaderHere are some previews for it:Always click the blue "Write CFG" button in the top-right to save your configurations. This must be done before closing the Configure window.You HAVE to run the game from FF7 Bootloader to get the fully modded effects! Click the "Play FF7" button to launch the game."Preserve Aspect" turns on/off the widescreen stretching.Under the "Post-processing shader" menu, Complex Shaders are only used for Radeon Graphics cards."Postprocessing", "Max Lights", and "Post-processing shader" work in congruent with each other. Having them all on/off simultaneously is recommended.PitBrat & Vgr for creating Bootleg Configurator.Daniish for the old tutorial concept and images.The respective creators of each and every mod featured. EvilApai @ Deviantart for the lovely Tifa art.The players, fans, supporters, and testers within the Qhimm community.
Hearts say the £450,000 tax bill due to Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs has been paid in full.
The Edinburgh club had agreed an extension that would allow them further time to pay.
Hearts had been the subject of a winding-up petition last month after falling behind in payments.
However, the immediate threat of closure was lifted when the Edinburgh club agreed an arrangment to pay the bill in two instalments.
First-team players had agreed to defer their November salaries to help out and a group of former Hearts players set up a fighting fund to help safeguard the club's future.
Meanwhile, Hearts Youth Development Committee has thanked Hearts fans for their fund-raising.
"HYDC are very aware and grateful that many supporters, groups and Hearts FC have been raising monies to purchase shares and then donating them to HYDC to look after on their behalf," it said on Hearts' website.
"Until the share issue closes on 19 December, we are unable to thank all the people who entrusted us with the responsibility of looking after these shares.
"Suffice to say, that this is a responsibility that we will take very seriously and will always act in a way that is best for the future of Heart of Midlothian Football Club.
"The response from supporters has been tremendous, but HYDC would ask supporters to keep supporting the club in any way they can whether it be by attending matches, buying Hearts merchandise or supporting the share issue."
Do companies that refuse to hire smokers help them or harm them?
But are these reasons good enough to justify the harms to smokers? No way, argues in another Perspective essay in the journal.
* It appeals to patients who are put off by the smell of cigarette smoke on the clothing of people taking care of them.
* It sends a strong message to employees and the community that smoking is harmful.
There are many reasons an employer – especially a healthcare provider – would want to implement a no-smoking policy for its new hires. A Perspective essay published online this week by the New England Journal of Medicine mentions several:
The Cleveland Clinic is a world-famous medical center that is consistently ranked among the top hospitals in the country. It goes without saying that the health professionals who work there don't condone smoking. In fact, since 2007, the clinic has refused to hire anyone who smokes.
“Categorically refusing to hire smokers is unethical,” that essay argues. In the case of a health provider, it's also hypocritical, since doctors and nurses pledge to care for patients suffering from ailments brought on in part through their own bad behavior, the essay adds.
And it's not like smokers necessarily have the power to quit. Both sides acknowledge that the majority of people who want to quit smoking are unable to do so. They each cite studies showing that aggressive smoking cessation programs can drastically increase a smoker's chances of kicking the habit, but even the best programs fail 85% to 91% of the time.
One factor that makes it so hard is that the downsides of quitting – nicotine withdrawal, weight gain and the cost of gum and patches – are immediate, while the benefits – improved health, lower medical expenses – come later.
That's another reason why it makes sense for employers to implement smoke-free hiring policies, according to the first essay – it offers an immediate benefit that helps “to counterbalance the costs of quitting.”
The other side remains unconvinced. These writers note that smokers are disproportionately poor, less educated and unemployed. Policies that cut them off from job opportunities and health insurance are thus a “double whammy,” they write.
Besides, plenty of nonsmoking employees make choices that affect the healthcare costs of their employers and make them less productive than their co-workers, the authors add. They have babies. They go rock climbing and break their arms.
“Promoting public health is a shared responsibility, and employers have a social obligation to contribute to the public health mission,” these authors conclude. “By cherry-picking ‘low-risk' employees and denying employment to smokers, employers neglect this obligation, risk hurting vulnerable groups and behave unethically.”
The Cleveland Clinic sympathizers say it's time for something more radical than sticking with the status quo. The 440,000 Americans who die due to tobacco each year outnumber the people who die as a result of homicides, suicides, car crashes, drug and alcohol use and HIV combined.
The solution is for more employers to join the Cleveland Clinic – and Baylor Health Care System, the University of Pennsylvania Health System, Union Pacific Railroad, Alaska Airlines, Scotts Miracle-Go and others – and implement no-smoking hiring policies of their own. There is much to gain by doing so, they write:
“The Cleveland Clinic moved to a smoke-free campus in 2005 and stopped hiring smokers in 2007. Reportedly, smoking rates decreased in Cuyahoga County (where the Cleveland Clinic is located) from 20.7% in 2005 to 15% in 2009, whereas the overall rate in the state decreased only from 22.4% to 20.3%.”
The father of a Baltimore man brutally slain outside a Little Italy bar early Sunday said Toronto police told him they have made an arrest. Julian Jones, 26, was punched and kicked in the head outside Blnd Tger on College St. by a group of men, said police. He died en route to hospital.
Julian Jones with his fiancee Shenel Darden in Oxon Hill, Maryland. Julian Jones, 26, was killed in a fight outside a Little Italy bar early Saturday. ( Facebook )
“We've got to get these people brought to justice for my son,” said his father, Tobias Jones. “If they're not stopped, they might kill someone else,” Jones said. Jones said he has not gone to work since hearing about his son's death. He told the Star that he would be returning to work Thursday.
Article Continued Below
Tobias Jones was notified by police that an arrest had been made Wednesday night. Toronto police would not confirm that an arrest was made Wednesday night. Toronto Police Homicide will have a press conference Thursday morning to reveal details of the investigation. On Monday, police said they identified suspects of the brutal beating and gave them the opportunity to turn themselves in. Meanwhile, Julian Jones' friends and family have been mourning his loss.
Jones' mother, Sonia, died a few years ago in a motorcycle accident, a devastating loss for the family. Jones' 18-year-old sister Kayla and 23-year-old brother Justin also died in the crash, his father said. Police released a description of the two suspects involved: one suspect is described as a 26- to 27-year-old slim-built, white male in a black shirt and black pants; while the second suspect is described as a 26- to 27-year-old black male with a full beard and large build resembling a football player, also dressed in black shirt and black pants.
The Next Generation Of Surveillance: This Drone Can Watch 15 Square Miles Or An Entire City (Eye Opening Video)
By Josey Wales
Drones are aerial robots, carrying cameras, navigation systems and quite often, weapons. I have included 4 videos in this post that give you technical information and capabilities of the Argus drone and many other types of drones being used in America's skies.
This drone Argus, has 368 cameras, 1.8giga, flying over three miles high, the newly declassified Argus Drone can zoom in and see if you dropped a candy bar wrapper anywhere in it's 15 square mile radius view, that is recorded and live streamed to the NSA offices.
Despite maintaining perennially unbalanced budgets, the federal government continues to spend a seemingly unlimited amount resources on realizing its science-fiction fantasies of “ubiquitous” surveillance over the population.
The ARGUS program has itself consumed a total of three-quarters of a billion tax-payer dollars. Most of the spending has been passed under President Obama's tenure. Police State USA analyzed DARPA's spending reports and came up with the following breakdown of the ARGUS budget:
FY 2008 – $114.752 million
FY 2009 – $118.880 million
FY 2010 – $117.041 million
FY 2011 – $109.476 million
FY 2012 – $88.118 million
FY 2013 – $101.339 million
FY 2014 – $117.233 million (predicted)
Admitted total: $766,839,000.00. (Source: DARPA Budget Summary Reports for FY 2010-2014)
Remember these figures when people in Washington D.C. are complaining about the next government shutdown. The federal government never has shortage of resources when it comes to controlling populations and spying.
To help you understand the extent to which the federal government has the ability to spy on us, we must attempt to understand the technologies it has at its disposal. Through the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), the Defense Department has spent hundreds of millions of dollars on one particular project alone. Known as ARGUS, it is a surveillance platform with the capability to maintain continuous 24/7 surveillance, day or night; able to track multiple moving targets miles apart in high definition without refocusing the camera; and with a resolution so astounding that it can detect objects as small as a cellular phone from several miles in the sky. It quite literally provides ubiquitous surveillance over a whole city from one drone.
“This is the next generation of surveillance,” said Yiannis Antonaides, an engineer for BAE Systems who led the design of the project. “It is important for the public to know that some of these capabilities exist.”
The Government's All-Seeing Eye
ARGUS stands for Autonomous Real-Time Ground Ubiquitous Surveillance. Its alternative designation is Wide Area Persistent Stare (WAPS). The project integrates many sophisticated technologies into a formidable surveillance system, combining images from 368 independent into a single mosaic image. The result is a video with a combined resolution of reportedly 1.8 gigapixels.
The massive collection of data is equivalent to having 100 Predator Drones hover over a medium-sized city at once.
1.8 gigapixel ARGUS-IS. The World's highest resolution video surveillance platform by DARPA. This video explains the mechanics and technology and capabilities of this drone. Simply amazing. Police State America has arrived.
As DARPA describes the project:
The Autonomous Real-time Ground Ubiquitous Surveillance (ARGUS) program developed airborne sensor systems that provide a persistent, real-time, high-resolution, wide-area, day-night video surveillance capability. The ARGUS Infrared System (ARGUS-IR) uses an advanced infrared (IR) composite focal plane array (FPA) sensor. The nighttime persistent capability provided by ARGUS-IR combined with the daytime capability provided by the ARGUS Imaging System (ARGUS-IS) enables 24-hour day/night surveillance. ARGUS-IR's wide-area, high-update-rate, high-resolution imaging capability enables detection and tracking of dismounts as well as vehicles.
The ARGUS system can simultaneously view an area of 15 square miles from an altitude of 17,500 ft. While never losing track of the greater image, ARGUS can allow users to open up dozens of zoomable sub-windows and track individual vehicles and people anywhere in the city-wide field of view. It can spot objects as small as six-inches wide.
“There's actually enough resolution to be able to see the people waving their arms or walking around; what kind of clothes they are wearing,” said Antonaides, pointing out a bird flying in the air several miles below the camera.
The system is capable of streaming a million terabytes of HD video every day, which is the equivalent of 5,000 hours of high definition footage. This immense trove of data is capable of being stored in perpetuity, so that the government can “rewind” the video and view things that have gone on under the drone days or weeks earlier.
“If we had our choice, we would like ARGUS to be over the same area, 24 hours per day, 7 days a week,” said Antonaides.
The technology is intended for unmanned drones, but has also been outfitted on Blackhawk helicopters.
Rise of the Drones PBS NOVA Documentary 360p Documentary HD
The government remains tight-lipped about where ARGUS is deployed. It has certainly been applied overseas in America's unending global war against people who don't like foreign governments intervening in their countries. As we have witnessed, most wartime gadgets are perfected on foreign populations, and ultimately make their way back to the USA to be used against the citizens.
The government has big plans for its nearly a billion dollar project. It continues to pour money into the system to integrate things like infrared vision and other advanced imaging features.
In the near future — as more of these platforms are deployed — it would be a fair assumption that every major U.S. city could be monitored and recorded from above nearly continuously, by ARGUS and other varieties of drones.
The FAA has cleared around 30,000 drones to take to the skies above the United States by 2015. They are now routinely used by agencies like the FBI, DHS, and DEA.
Drones have already been used to specifically track crime suspects inside the USA. Courts have ruled that a warrant is not necessary to hover above private property and spy on the occupants. Since as early as 2012, drones have been used by cops to surveil suspects and make arrests. A North Dakota man was recently sent to jail based on drone evidence.
ARGUS, with the capability of opening up 65 independent close-up surveillance windows within its greater image, gives the government the potential to set up a formidable surveillance dragnet from above. The drone operators could set-up dedicated windows to monitor a targeted individual's home, workplace, all his friends' homes, all his relatives' homes, and all of his favorite hangouts, if so desired.
Besides simply spying on Americans' every movement, the drones may take on other roles in law enforcement, with many dangerous implications. U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder says that it would be legal for an armed government to target and kill Americans on U.S. soil in an “extraordinary circumstance.”
The government's incredible potential for domestic spying and surveillance is already here and Americans have failed to react in any meaningful way. The applications of such a power in the hands of an increasingly tyrannical government does not seem to bode well for residents of the land of the free.
If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face recorded by a drone in HD and stored forever.
Critical Reads: More News Mainstream Media Chooses To Ignore By Josey Wales, Click Here!
It's really hard to gain ground for acceptance and equality when so many people still think there's a reverse switch on human sexual orientation. It's just too helpful to bigots to believe that gay people are somehow misguided, or they're just being stubborn in their refusal to pair off with an appropriately opposite sex partner. That they can be talked into a whole other identity like it's a timeshare in Boca.
That's why it's significant that earlier this fall, California became the first state to ban gay "conversion" therapy on minors, because, as Gov. Jerry Brown explained, they have "driven young people to depression and suicide… These practices have no basis in science or medicine, and they will now be relegated to the dustbin of quackery."
Advertisement:
And that's why what's unfolding in New Jersey right now represents a similar blow against the absurd – and ridiculously lucrative -- industry of "healing" gay men and women. In a groundbreaking suit the Southern Poverty Law Center filed on their behalf Tuesday, four New Jersey men and two of their mothers charged a gay counseling group with deceptive practices under the Consumer Fraud Act. SPLC attorney Samuel Wolfe said Tuesday, "This is the first time that plaintiffs have sought to hold conversion therapists liable in a court of law."
The target of the suit is Jews Offering New Alternatives for Healing (known as JONAH), its co-founder Arthur Goldberg and self-proclaimed life coach Alan Downing. JONAH describes itself as "dedicated to educating the world-wide Jewish community about the social, cultural and emotional factors which lead to same-sex attractions … [and working] directly with those struggling with unwanted same-sex sexual attractions." But as one of the men involved in the suit told the New York Times this week, he went through months of sessions – at $100 a clip – before plunging into depression. "It becomes fraudulent, even cruel," Michael Ferguson said. "To say that if you really want to change you could — that's an awful thing to tell somebody."
But it's not just the warped premise of the endeavor that's so problematic for these former clients. It's what happened when they went there. According to a Reuters report, "The plaintiffs charge that during therapy sessions they were sometimes ordered to remove all of their clothing; in other sessions they were told to beat effigies of their mothers with tennis rackets or were subjected to homosexual slurs … Another JONAH client was instructed to break through a human barricade to retrieve a pair of oranges, drink the juice from them and place them down his pants to symbolize the recovery of his testicles and, by extension, his heterosexuality."
Plaintiff Chaim Levin says he left the organization after a year of expensive weekend retreats and counseling when "Mr. Downing had him remove his clothes and touch himself, saying it would help him reconnect with his masculinity." He now describes his experience with JONAH as "degrading and humiliating," and in a press conference Tuesday said, "What I can tell you is that conversion therapy does not work. My family and I have wasted thousands of dollars and many hours on this scam."
Thought JONAH has issued no public response yet, it's safe to assume rabidly anti-gay groups aren't going to disappear without putting up a fight. Hilariously, in a tragic, pathetic way, two California therapists who say they've successfully converted gays -- and one of their former students -- last month sued California state officials, claiming the state ban on conversion therapy interferes with their rights. Their attorney Matt McReynolds told CNN, with a perfectly straight face, "We have not seen the state of California go this far before in trying to restrict speech."
And as long as there are prominent men who, bound by their religious beliefs, insist, like evangelist Jonathan Merritt, that "I don't identify as 'gay' because I believe there can be a difference between what one experiences and the life that God offers," there are going to be people who believe that homosexuality is something wrong that you do and not something acceptable that you are.
Advertisement:
But things are changing. Earlier this year, the Pan American Health Organization condemned gay "cure" treatment, saying it represents "a serious threat to the health and well-being – even the lives – of affected people." The American Medical Association similarly "opposes the use of 'reparative' or 'conversion' therapy that is based upon the assumption that homosexuality per se is a mental disorder or based upon the a priori assumption that the patient should change his/her homosexual orientation." And in May, Dr. Robert L. Spitzer recanted his own 2003 study on reparative therapy and announced, "I owe the gay community an apology."
Strides are being made, and at long last, they're coming swiftly. With effort and outspokenness and continued awareness, in time fewer women and men will find themselves paying for what Chaim Levin calls "terrible abuse." There's no cure for ignorance and stupidity, but at least we can keep alleviating the symptoms, and stop the suffering it inflicts.
I've noticed for some time now that thin people, genuinely slim ones, have a secret loathing of fatties. Kindly though they may otherwise be, the sight of rolls and overhangs, jowls and bulges, makes them angry. One extremely thin woman I know finds it hard, she told me, even to have fat friends. Another shivers with horror if she catches some poor podge in the act of wolfing a treat. It's not an aesthetic affront, she says, so much as a moral one. Where's their willpower, where's their grit?
It's hard to argue with a censorious thinny. We all know, these days, that there's no excuse for being a lardarse. Faulty glands, slow metabolism — all tripe. The brutal truth is that if you're fat it's because you eat too much. It's a simple calculation. A very sad calculation for those of us fond of cake.
And something must be done about the extraordinary rise of fatties. In less than a decade's time, according to a study in the Lancet, a fifth of all adults on the planet will be obese. A fifth! And rising. As a child I had a book, Fattypuffs and Thinifers, written in the 1930s by a Frenchman called Maurois. The book was set in a world inhabited by two warring tribes, the benign, obese Fattypuffs and the mean and angular Thinifers. I increasingly see this not as fantasy but prophecy — especially for the UK.
We may be sliding down the inter-national academic league tables, but in the Fatty-puff stakes we really shine. By 2025, a third of British adults will be Fattypuffs; the most obese nation in all of Europe, in or out of the EU.
I feel for the Fattypuffs. I'm a Fattypuff by disposition. I say yes to seconds. My heart sinks at the thought of salad and sings at the prospect of profiteroles. When my lean and glamorous friends lord it over the poor Puffs, when they assume that it's not just their figures but their wills that are superior, I long to puncture their self-belief.
So it was exceptionally pleasing to find out that science has finally granted Fattypuffs a boon — a genuine excuse to throw at the censorious Thinifers — and that in this discovery there may well be the beginnings of a solution to the problem of the world's expanding girth.
As it turns out, there is a hardwired reason that some of us run to fat, though it's nothing to do with metabolic rate. There's a gene, a variant of the FTO gene, which is highly correlated with obesity. We've known that for a while — but what's new is that we have an idea of how it works. Scientists at UCL, the Medical Research Council and King's College London have watched images, in real time, of the brains of people with the fat gene. They've watched as the Fattypuffs eat, and they've discovered that not only are they naturally hungrier than those without the gene, but that they must eat much more to feel full.
The fat gene means a higher level of the ‘hunger hormone' ghrelin in the blood, which means Fattypuffs feel peckish again sooner. What's more, fruit and veg just don't cut it for the fat-gene gang. Their brains only signal real satisfaction if there's something calorific in the offing. Just a photo of a bacon double cheeseburger makes their greedy brains begin to glow with excitement.
Now I know what those judgmental Thinifers are thinking. They assume the porkers have made themselves that way; that they've eaten so much that their brains crave burgers. Not so. That's not the way it works. Even a slim man or women with this variant of the FTO gene will feel the siren call of cheesecake. The gene evolved to help its hosts survive tough times by gorging during periods of plenty. It virtually forces junk food into its human host.
Oh Fattypuffs, can you see how delightful this discovery is? It stops the size 6 sneerers in their shallow tracks. No more lectures on grit and moral fibre, no more crowing. They just don't feel the same temptation, so they can't take credit for their own restraint.
It might also help clear up several mysteries, the first of which is the great and total failure of all diets anywhere to work. They don't. It's true. None of them. It was reported, once again in the trusty Lancet, though no paper picked up on it. I suppose it's the definition of a story no one wants to hear.
‘Although low-carb diets work better than low-fat diets,' said the report, ‘no diet works particularly well.' This was a serious study, one of the most extensive ever done into dieting. It was a meta-analysis of 53 separate long-term research projects involving 68,000 people. Consider this alongside the fat gene discovery and it suddenly makes sense. If even your genes are crying out for carbs, then food will find a way. The numbers add up, too. Roughly one in five of us worldwide have the troublesome variant of the FTO gene — and almost half of all west and central Europeans. Doesn't that fit beautifully with those projected obesity numbers?
Very satisfying but very worrying, too. We can't all just morph into the world of Maurois's book; divide completely into tribes of different sizes. So what to do? Thinifers are all for public health initiatives, for fizzy pop taxes and world courgette day, a bust of Jamie Oliver in every school. But that diet study was conclusive. No government ‘task force' will ever have better data or more assiduous research, and if diets don't work for people actually motivated enough to try them, what chance does any campaign have? You can lead a Fattypuff to water, but you can't make him drink it.
The only answer is to face the gene. There are drugs being designed that suppress the hungry hormone, ghrelin — and those would be a better use of public money than any poster campaign. Perhaps Fattypuffs themselves should be taught to understand their hungry selves. Only when Fattypuffs understand how they differ from Thinifers will they be able to buck their DNA.
This annual review of trapping statistics in the United States shows that almost 80% of trappers say that fur is "not at all important" for their income.
Hunting and trapping animals for their fur remains a surprisingly common activity. In the U.S., hunting and trapping are regulated by Fish and Wildlife Agencies and much of the research on these activities is conducted by the pro-hunting and pro-trapping research firm, Responsive Management. Despite its perspective, the company's research provides an in-depth look at the facts and trends related to hunting and trapping activities in the country. This annual survey collected responses from 6,668 trappers across the U.S. on behalf of the Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies (AFWA).
The sample surveyed for the most recent study is meant to represent the approximately “176,573 trappers in the United States in the 2014-2015 seasons.” This overall number of trappers in the U.S has increased by nearly 20% since 2004. However, in 2015 more than a third of these trappers (38%) were involved in trapping for less than 30 days (but at least 1 day), while about a fourth (24%) engaged in trapping for 60 or more days. One in ten respondents (10%) did not trap during the 2014-2015 season at all. Most trappers (64%) primarily use private land, 11% used public land, and 25% used both types of land about equally. The respondents most commonly noted trapping raccoons (62%), coyotes (55%), muskrats (37%), and beavers (33%).
The study also looked at the income that trappers receive from the activity. About 21% of trappers said that trapping had been “a very or somewhat important source of income over the past 3 years,” but the vast majority of them (78%) said that it had “not been at all important.” Looking further into the numbers, the researchers noted that trappers in Alaska and western regions were the most reliant on income from trapping. The study noted that 39% of respondents had taken a trapper education course, and 42% were aware of “best management practices” (BMPs) for trapping. While only 3% of trappers oppose BMPs, that number translates to more than 5,000 trappers across the country. Of those trappers that have heard of BMPs, two-thirds (66%) actually use them when trapping.
What do these numbers mean for advocates and for animals? The finding that the vast majority of trappers do not rely on trapping “at all” for their income is encouraging. The fact that trapping is more of a “hobby” or “sport” for these trappers suggests that the behavior may be more easily changed. Likewise, the researchers found that many of the respondents who engaged in trapping did so because they were “called to deal with a nuisance animal.” While trapping persists, especially in the Western U.S. and Alaska, it remains a marginal practice in most areas. More education about humane methods of dealing with “nuisance” animals may help further marginalize trapping as a non-essential activity.
Posted on: December 2, 2015
Tomasz Klimczak, Maciej Bedrejczuk, Marcin Wernik and Maciej Janczar simul-climb on the upper section of the Polish Couloir (ED2, M7- AI5 90 degrees, 1500m) on the Ogre. After three days of mixed climbing, ice climbing and dry-tooling, the four men retreated from a notch below the unclimbed summit. [Photo] Tagas Expedition 2015
The Tagas Mountains, a small subrange of the Masherbrum Mountains south of K6 (7282m) in Pakistan's Karakoram region, has been off limits to alpinists for years. The Pakistani military, which had skirmishes with India in 2013 and 2014 over a disputed border, restricted access to the area. In 2015, however, four members of the Polish National Alpinism Team—Tomasz Klimczak, Maciej Bedrejczuk, Marcin Wernik and Maciej Janczar—received a permit to be the first expedition to climb in the area. The climbers ascended three rocky peaks above two arms of the Lachit Valley during a month-long visit in September. They completed first ascents of two unclimbed mountains and a new route to a saddle on another they called The Ogre, but failed to reach its pointed summit.
The team traveled past the tiny village of Lachit and then northwest up Lachit Valley, a deep valley twelve miles south of K6 (7282m), to a base camp below a moraine at 4000 meters. After acclimatizing, they ascended a pointed granite peak, dubbed Goat Peak (4991m), west of their camp.
advertisement
The team climbed steep ice gullies to the summit ridge of Dream Walker Peak (5809m) on the first ascent of their route Rolling (D)Ice (ED1/2 M5 AI5 80 degrees, 1450m). [Photo] Tagas Expedition 2015
The next objective was another unclimbed 5809-meter peak above base camp. On the first attempt, they climbed a glacier to a bivouac below the upper face but retreated the next morning because of avalanche danger. They tried again on September 4, climbing past the bivy spot and then simul-climbing 300 meters up ice slopes. Above, they worked up rock and ice gullies for ten pitches until nightfall. After two more pitches, they made an unplanned bivy at 5600 meters on a small ledge atop a rock buttress.
Snow fell that night from 2 a.m. until dawn, but the climbers, despite bad weather and a lack of sleep, continued up. Three more pitches, including the AI5 crux ice pitch up unprotected 15mm-thick ice, led to the narrow summit ridge. The four simul-climbed the ridge to the summit of what they later called Dream Walker Peak, reaching the top at 3 p.m. in thick fog. They started the descent in late afternoon, making 14 rappels in darkness from ice threads and piton anchors in constant snow and spindrift while "chilled to the marrow and exhausted," Klimczak said. The team reached their tents on the glacier at 2:30 a.m. The route was named Rolling (D)Ice (ED1/2 M5 AI5 80 degrees, 1450m).
The Tagas Expedition climbed 16 pitches up the new route Rolling (D)Ice over two days in early September on the first ascent of Dream Walker Peak in the previously restricted Tagas Mountains. [Photo] Tagas Expedition 2015
The team moved camp to another arm of the Lachit Valley a couple days later, planning to attempt several peaks. After scouting lines, they decided to attempt an imposing face with airy ridges and a sharp summit that they called the Ogre. The chosen line followed a couloir up the northeast face. After a bad weather spell, the team left base camp on September 18 and climbed to a higher camp below the face with four days of supplies.
The team climbed the steep Polish Couloir (ED2, M7- AI5 90 degree, 1500m) on the unclimbed Ogre over three days, ending at a high notch below the summit. After receiving an updated poor weather forecast from base camp, the climbers retreated, making 27 rappels back down the route. [Photo] Tagas Expedition 2015
On the first day, the four men simul-climbed 150 meters up the couloir, then roped up for nine steep ice pitches interrupted by another simul-climbing section to a bivy on snow. On day two they climbed 450 meters up the couloir on steep M5 terrain to another ice ledge bivy. The third day brought hard climbing up steep ice, an overhanging chimney, and M7 dry-tooling to a notch at 6004 meters. A rocky ridge headed north to the Ogre's summit but it was already late afternoon and the weather appeared ominous.
After checking the forecast, they decided to retreat, reaching the top bivouac late that night. The next day they rappelled down the couloir, reaching their tents at advanced base camp in the late afternoon on September 22. They named the route the Polish Couloir (ED2, M7 AI5 90 degrees, 1500m).
Pawel Petryna
Tagas Explored, a film of the Polish expedition by Pawel Petryna, will be released later this month.
Sources: Tomasz Klimczak, Planet Mountain, Google Earth
Alpinist, our small editorial staff works hard to create in-depth stories that are thoughtfully edited, thoroughly fact-checked and beautifully designed. Please consider supporting our efforts by Here at, our small editorial staff works hard to create in-depth stories that are thoughtfully edited, thoroughly fact-checked and beautifully designed. Please consider supporting our efforts by subscribing
advertisement
“Who's gonna get f---ed up tonight?!” screams British firestarter Charli XCX, bounding onto a stage inside The FADER x Masterpass pre-Grammy shindig at the former site of Tower Records in Los Angeles on Saturday (Feb. 11).
Gathered in front of her are rabid raving fans, feeding off Charli's onstage euphoria. Around the room are the likes of Macy Gray, Diplo, Grammy nominee Benny Blanco, Brooke Candy and A-Trak, who'll DJ after Charli.
Onstage behind XCX are British electro-pop masterminds AG Cook and SOPHIE on the decks. Cook is the bespectacled brainchild behind PC Music, the uniquely synthetic pop label/genre that beguiled Charli over a year ago now and has since informed her new musical leanings. The two collaborated on last year's Vroom Vroom EP and on latest single “After The Afterparty,” which teases a forthcoming third LP from XCX due later this year.
SOPHIE, who cuts a Bowie-esque figure in slicked-back hair and dark lipstick, is widely considered one of the hottest new producers in L.A. at the moment and has been associated with AG's PC Music for years. Not only is AG performing onstage with Charli regularly of late (he featured in both her Jimmy Kimmel performances earlier this week), he's also her full-time creative director.
Cook and SOPHIE open the set with a selection of mixes on the decks, as Charli gets pumped up on the sidelines in a two-piece and shiny cap, the latter as bright as the beats about to blast faces off here before a hyperactive audience. Injecting the crowd with a gnarly adrenaline shot of last year's “Vroom Vroom” to begin with, Charli then launches into a series of never-before played forthcoming tracks from a mixtape due to drop very soon, all of them pushing the PC Music sound to its most melodic extremes.
“It's the best mixtape ever,” she says.
New tracks played here include “Dreamer” (think the hard house of Livin' Joy's “Dreamer” from 1994 but far better executed), “No Angel” and “Pull Up.” For “Pull Up” Charli invites guest vocalist Mø onstage to share lyrics and the two jump up and down towards each other gleaming. “No Angel” receives an amped-up intro: “This song is a new song. It's my favorite song ever,” smiles XCX. Also featured are unreleased tracks “Roll With Me” and “Bounce,” which have already had previous live outings. The fans already know every rap on “Bounce.”
While XCX seems to be hitting her stride now, the mutual elation in the room from her fans and peers makes for such an infectious vibe. For the 24-year-old songwriter who started life performing at other people's raves as a teenager, she's finally queen of her own rule-breaking parties. Ending on the recently leaked “Girls Night Out,” the crowd catch on to the lyrics fast, “It's a girls' night out/No boys, no boys!” It's a heady combination of cheek, fun and danger.
Backstage, the joy is palatable, too. “That was the most fun show ever,” says Cook, who confesses the whole setlist was done on the fly, not that you can tell. Diplo and Benny Blanco come by to congratulate Charli on her set before disappearing into the night to prowl around various parties. Charli, too, is gathering her troops for a night on the town. To the faint at heart it might look like she's throwing herself at everything a bit too full-throttle, but Charli XCX is just setting a pace for everyone to follow.
Here's the setlist:
Intro
“Vroom Vroom”
“Dreamer”
“Pull Up”
“Bounce”
“Roll With Me”
(Untitled)
“Trophy”
“No Angel”
“Girls Night Out”
Children as young as 8 admit addictions to Internet porn as smartphones and tablets make sexual images easier to find
70pc of teenagers had viewed pornography online
Linked to poor performance in school and feelings of isolation
Elementary school children are developing addictions to online pornography in a worrying trend that some scientists believe is on the cusp of becoming a national epidemic.
Several studies have discovered links between viewing online pornography and problems including social isolation, performing badly in school and behavioral issues.
Seven out of ten teenagers have viewed pornography on the Internet with boys at greater risk than girls, according to the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation in California.
Scroll down for video
Addiction: Seven out of ten teenagers, both girls and boys, had viewed Internet pornography before the age of 18
The study also found that 15 per cent had lied about accessing an inappropriate website.
The growing problem puts pressure on the U.S. Government after a UK campaign f or automatic blocks on porn and introduction of web filters to make adults who want to view pornography ‘opt in'.
The increasing accessibility to smart phones and laptops has led to a surge in numbers of children coping with porn addiction, according to an Australian addiction specialist Robert Mittiga.
He said that in some cases children were even watching pornography at school and sharing files with classmates.
'I BECAME ALMOST NUMB TO IT'
Nathan Haug, 17, pictured, is the oldest of eight children living in a Mormon home in Alpine, Utah.
He became addicted to online pornography when he was 12.
He told ABC: 'I became almost numb to it. It became such a part of my daily routine.' The teenager would look at images on the family computer and quickly learned how to hide his problem. His life became conflicted as his addiction sat at odds with the rest of his time spent with family, at school and being an active member of the church.
Haug eventually sought help from his parents and underwent a church program to help him confront his issues.
'I HATED THAT I COULDN'T STOP'
Breanne Saldivar, 22, pictured, from Austin, Texas, developed an addiction to online porn when she started high school. She said: 'I started to isolate myself, because I hated what I was doing. I hated that I couldn't stop.' Miss Saldivar said she looked at porn around age 12 or 13 but was too young to understand its addictive qualities. She now works with the organisation Fight The New Drug which addresses porn addiction in teenagers.
She told ABC: 'All it takes is for someone to be vocal about a situation and that person who knows they're struggling and see it and say ''I am addicted, this is an addiction.'''
Only 3 per cent of pornographic websites require proof-of-age before granting access to sexually explicit material, and two-thirds do not even include any adult-content warnings.
Under-18s can also often be mistakenly exposed to adult sex sites as email spam.
Mr Mittiga warned that children were ten times more likely to develop an addiction than adults and that getting hooked could potentially escalate into criminality.
Some of his young patients had stolen credit cards to fuel their addiction and racked up bills of more than $9,000 on pornography sites and sex lines.
Hooked: Boys were more at risk to online porn addiction than girls
Research from the University of New Hampshire showed that some children in the U.S. were trapped in the cycle of viewing online pornography from the age of eight, according to ABC's Nightline .
Pornography has not been named as a listed addiction by the American Psychological Association but there have been moves to curb a growing problem .
The New Hampshire study of 500 students revealed worrying trends. Researchers were in particular concerned about the exposure of young people to deviant sexual behavior online.
In boys, repeated viewing of violent sexual imagery threatened to link between pornography and sexual aggression.
More than two-thirds of both boys and girls who viewed porn under the age of 18 described feeling shock or surprise (65 per cent of boys and 78 per cent of girls).
Half of boys and about one-third of girls admitted they had felt guilt or shame after what they had seen online.
The university also found that three-quarters of teenager's unwanted exposure to pornography happened on their home computer with schools more likely to have more stringent blocks.
Nathan Haug and Breanne Saldivar, who spoke to ABC about their teenage pornography addictions, now work with organisation Fight The New Drug - which hopes to tackle the issue head on.
One click away: The prevalence of smartphones, tablets and laptops among young people has seen a surge in those viewing pornography online
The group explains to young people that there is nothing wrong with finding images of sex a turn-on. However it educates teenagers that porn causes surges of chemicals dopamine, serotonin, oxytocin and epinephrine in the brain - leading to addiction.
British prime minister David Cameron has intervened to insist a default block on porn in the UK, deactivated only when users make an active choice to have it switched off, is put back on the table.
The South Sudanese army, armed and trained by Israel, is committing systematic rights abuses, according to the UN. Goran Tomasevic Reuters
Israeli weapons are fueling atrocities in South Sudan, according to a United Nations report that sheds new light on the secretive Israeli arms trade in Africa.
Authored by an investigative team assembled by the UN Security Council, the report cites photographic evidence of automatic rifles made by Israel Military Industries (IMI) being in the arsenal of South Sudan's army and police. Known as Galil ACE, the guns have particularly been used by bodyguards of high-ranking politicians and by senior army officers.
South Sudan was granted independence in 2011 following a civil war that lasted for decades. Within days of its establishment, leading figures in the Israeli weapons industry rushed to advance their interests in the new ally against Iran's influence in Sudan.
Since its secession in 2011, South Sudan has descended into civil war between opposing political factions.
The Israeli-armed South Sudanese military and government-aligned militias are employing a “scorched earth policy” characterized by the systematic rape of women and children, indiscriminate killings and the burning down of entire villages with families inside their homes, according to the UN report.
South Sudan is not the only African country in which the Israeli arms industry is profiting from bloodshed.
According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI), Israel does not disclose detailed information about its arms deals, most of which are brokered by shady intermediaries, typically retired Israeli military personnel or civilian expatriates.
However, occasional news reports, public statements from officials and investigations by nongovernmental organizations have drawn back the curtain in recent years, revealing military involvement in more corners of Africa than can be detailed in a single article.
Using those sources, SIPRI was able to document the sale of major Israeli weapons to Cameroon, Chad, Equatorial Guinea, Lesotho, Nigeria, Rwanda, the Seychelles, South Africa and Uganda from 2006 to 2010.
Champion arms dealer
Despite its small size, for decades Israel has ranked among the world's top 10 arms exporters, an impressive feat for a nation no geographically bigger than New Jersey.
This is partly due to Israel's use of the occupied West Bank and Gaza as laboratories to test and refine weapons and methods of domination and control. This dynamic allows Israeli military firms to market their products as “battle-tested” and “combat proven” — coveted labels that give the nation a competitive edge in the international arms trade.
Israel's success is also attributable to its willingness to do business with repressive regimes that even the United States and European countries avoid arming directly.
In the case of South Sudan, the magnitude of atrocities compelled the European Union to impose an arms embargo and issue sanctions against the country's military leaders.
The US has similarly suspended military aid and issued sanctions, though it should be noted that the Obama administration enthusiastically aided the build-up of the South Sudanese army, despite knowing that it had several thousand child soldiers within its ranks.
Israel, meanwhile, hosted South Sudan at a weapons expo as recently as June.
Aiding genocide
Acting as a weapons conduit to murderous regimes is hardly a new phenomenon for Israel.
Under the leadership of Yitzhak Rabin, then prime minister, and Shimon Peres, then foreign minister, Israel supplied the Hutu-dominated Rwandan government forces as well as the rebel army led by Paul Kagame with bullets, rifles and grenades as genocide was underway in that country during the 1990s.
In addition to arming the killers, Israel trained the Rwandan military and paramilitary forces in the years leading up to the bloodbath.
After touring the killing fields, an Israeli arms dealer reportedly lauded himself as a humanitarian for helping the victims die quickly with bullets instead of machetes. “I'm actually a doctor,” he remarked.
Israel has since forged close ties with Kagame, Rwanda's current autocratic president who enjoys much support in the West.
Weapons depot for despots
As Israeli weapons contracts from the US and Europe decline due to reduced defense budgets, developing countries in Latin America and Africa have become Israel's fastest-growing markets.
Israeli arms sales to Africa doubled between 2012 and 2013 and ballooned another 40 percent in 2014, reaching $318 million that year.
It's unclear whether these totals account for the weapons and military training Israel provided to Uganda and possibly Rwanda as compensation for agreeing to take in African refugees expelled from Israel.
While Israel has no qualms contributing to turmoil in African countries, it refuses to grant asylum to Africans on its soil, preferring instead to imprison and deport them back to the horrors they escaped. Some have been imprisoned, tortured and even killed since their expulsion.
What is clear is that Israel's African customers comprise a who's who of undemocratic regimes that brutally oppress their citizens.
Cameroon's Rapid Intervention Brigade (BIR), which engages in routine extrajudicial assassinations and “disappearances”, is trained by a retired Israeli army commander, Mayer Heretz.
In 2009, BIR was deployed to crush demonstrations against economic inequality, killing as many as 100 protesters.
Cameroon's notoriously brutal presidential guard unit, which is vital to maintaining the 33-year rule of dictator Paul Biya, was trained by another retired Israeli army commander, Avi Sivan.
Prolonging the rule of repressive regimes in Africa is a long-held Israeli tradition.
Israel equipped the South African apartheid regime with weapons in the 1970s and '80s in violation of international sanctions.
Safeguarding corporate plunder
Decades of stealing and colonizing Palestinian land and resources has qualified Israel with unique expertise in subduing resistance and maintaining colonial plunder.
As Jimmy Johnson, an activist and researcher on Israel's arms trade, has explained, “The 19th century ethnocentric nationalism that drove the creation of Israel … often obscures the fact that the dispossession of Palestinians has included a massive upward transfer of wealth from colonized to colonizer and from occupied to occupier.”
Israel isn't just delivering arms to Africa. It is offering a successful model for securing the spoils of neocolonialism from a growing underclass dispossessed and abandoned by the ravages of globalized capitalism.
Israel's occupation is “exported to fight the redistribution of wealth,” as Johnson has noted.
Just south of Cameroon, Israeli military companies have raked in millions of dollars selling military hardware to the tiny oil-rich nation of Equatorial Guinea.
Equatorial Guinea is home to one of the most unequal societies in the world.
The former Spanish colony's ruthless dictator, Teodoro Obiang, has enriched himself with handsome payments from US oil companies, which in turn exploit the country's massive oil reserves without hindrance.
To preserve his rule, Obiang depends on a presidential guard almost certainly trained by Israel, while relying on Israeli hardware perfected in Gaza to protect Exxon's oil rigs.
Obiang's security forces are notorious for carrying out widespread torture and summary executions of political opponents.
In 2008, Israel secured an estimated $100 million weapons deal with Equatorial Guinea, which involved the purchase of four IMI Shaldag patrol boats and a Saar missile boat manufactured by Israel Shipyards. “IMI's boats are intended to secure the oil rigs at sea,” according to the Israeli newspaper Haaretz.
These are the same vessels used by the Israeli navy to enforce the sea blockade of Gaza and fire on its inhabitants.
While Israel helps US oil companies and the Obiang family cash in, 1 in 10 children in Equatorial Guinea dies before his or her fifth birthday. Moreover, less than half the country's citizens have access to clean drinking water.
In Angola's Cabinda province, Aerostar, a drone made by the Israeli company Aeronautics Defense Systems, safeguards offshore oil rigs for private companies, including Chevron.
In the Niger Delta, an assortment of Israeli surveillance vehicles, including the Aerostar and Seastar from Aeronautics and the Shaldag patrol boat from Israel Shipyards, protect Chevron's oil platforms from potential obstacles to the corporate pillaging of Nigeria's resources.
This is in addition to Nigeria's Internet surveillance system, installed by Israel's largest military firm, Elbit Systems, in 2013.
Exporting “war on terror”
With the rise of Boko Haram, Nigeria has in recent years adopted the “war on terror” doctrine first pushed by Israel to justify its ongoing conquest of Palestine.
“Israel has been a crucial and loyal ally in our fight against Boko Haram,” a Nigerian government official was quoted as saying early this year.
“It is a sad reality that Israel has a great deal of experience confronting terrorism. Our Israeli partners have used that experience, and the unique expertise gained over years of fighting terror within its own borders, to assist us,” added the official, conflating Palestinian resistance to Israeli colonial violence with terrorism perpetrated by a militant group to which Palestinians have no relation.
Fully supportive of his government's conduct, one Nigerian Christian activist told The Jerusalem Post, “I am like an Israeli settler in the West Bank in the midst of Palestinians.”
This attitude has been nothing short of disastrous.
Since 2012, under the cover of routing Boko Haram, the Nigerian military has extrajudicially executed 1,200 people and arbitrarily arrested 20,000 boys and young men, at least 7,000 of whom died in military detention from starvation, medical neglect and overcrowding.
Kenyan death squads in the General Service Unit, the paramilitary wing of that country's police and military, have similarly adopted the “Israeli rulebook” for extrajudicial killings of outspoken Muslim clerics.
Death squad officers interviewed by Al Jazeera last year revealed that their units are trained by Israel.
“Exporting the experience of Zionism”
In his 1987 book The Israeli Connection, Benjamin Beit-Hallahmi characterized Israel's support for tyrants in developing countries as “a direct outgrowth of what it has done at home.”
“What Israel is doing in the Third World,” asserted Beit-Hallahmi, “is simply to export the Middle East experience of Zionism,” characterized by conquest and pacification.
Israel is exporting “not just a technology of domination, but a worldview that undergirds that technology,” he added.
It is exporting “the logic of the oppressor … a certain frame of mind, a feeling that the Third World can be controlled and dominated, that radical movements in the Third World can be stopped, that modern Crusaders still have a future.”
This is precisely what Israel is doing in Africa today, with predictably deadly consequences.
Rania Khalek is an associate editor of The Electronic Intifada.
When it comes to reducing inequality, Americans may be open to bolder solutions for reining in those at the top than for ones boosting people at the bottom.
But sometimes that depends on how close to the bottom they are.
Over 70 percent of Americans in a recent New York Times-CBS News poll favored raising the federal minimum wage from its current level of $7.25 to $10.10. And they not only favored by a wide margin raising taxes on people earning over $1 million a year, they also narrowly favored (50 percent to 45 percent) capping the amount of money top corporate executives could earn. They did overwhelmingly oppose raising wages to $15 per hour for fast-food and other hourly workers.
Consider for a second just how radical pay limits would be for the United States if they were actually put into place: To pick some numbers purely for illustrative purposes, such limits might mean that, even if your boss or board of directors thought you were worth $10 million a year, you would have to leave half of that on the table because the law said you couldn't earn more than $5 million.
One possible explanation for these results is that average Americans simply feel more distance, in economic terms, between themselves and the rich than between themselves and low-wage workers. They feel no hesitation about rolling back the income of wealthy people because being rich is so far from their experience that they simply can't imagine it or identify with people who are.
BALTIMORE (AP) — A man who ran onto the field wearing a Batman costume during two professional sporting events in Baltimore has pleaded guilty to two trespassing counts.
Mark Harvey, 26, received a 180-day sentence, with all but four days suspended. Harvey has already served two days in jail. He tells The Baltimore Sun he will turn himself in Jan. 4 to serve the remainder of the sentence.
Harvey ran on the field at Oriole Park at Camden Yards on opening day in April. He repeated the stunt during a Baltimore Ravens game in September. He was only partially clothed during the second incident.
Harvey says prosecutors wanted to “make an example” of him to deter anyone else from running on the field.
(Copyright 2012 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.)
SEOUL/NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. government safety agency on Friday urged all consumers to stop using Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phones, which are prone to catch fire, and top airlines globally banned their use during flights.
Following reports that the phones' batteries have combusted during charging and normal use, the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission said it was working on an official recall of the devices and that users should turn them off in the meantime.
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (005930.KS) said it was working with the agency and asked customers to immediately turn in their Note 7 phones. It voluntarily issued a recall last week for 10 markets, including South Korea and the United States, and it said it was expediting shipments of replacement phones to customers in the United States.
The U.S. government action heralds more fallout for the South Korean manufacturer, which may take a financial hit from the recall and lose customers who are concerned about the quality of its flagship phones.
Some analysts say the recall could cost Samsung nearly $5 billion in revenue, after accounting for expenses from the recall process.
For Samsung, which prides itself on manufacturing prowess, the scale of the recall is expected to be unprecedented. Some 2.5 million of the premium devices have been sold worldwide, the company has said. Its shares closed down 3.9 percent on Friday.
Samsung said users in the United States can exchange their phones for one of several models and receive a $25 gift card.
In a separate statement on Saturday, Samsung asked consumers in South Korea to discontinue the use of their Galaxy Note 7 phones and visit one of the company's service centers for the recall process.
“The cost of the recall is going to be astronomical,” said product liability expert and chief executive officer of Real-World Forensic Engineering, Jahan Rasty.
“They have to compensate people, fix the problem and give them a revised version of the product that doesn't have the same manufacturing or design defect.
“The longer this story lingers, the more it will etch itself in people's minds,” he said.
AIRLINE BANS
One pain point is that the devices are now off limits in a typically high-use setting: aboard planes.
Aviation authorities and airlines from North America to Europe and Asia have issued bans or guidance on the phones. On Thursday, the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) said travelers should not use or charge them while in the air, or stow them in checked luggage.
South Korea made similar recommendations on Saturday.
The FAA's action prompted the world's three largest airlines by passenger traffic - American (AAL.O), Delta (DAL.N) and United UAL.N - to start telling passengers at the gate and on board aircraft to keep the phones switched off until they deplane.
While experts say the bans may be tough for airlines to enforce, they nonetheless may deter would-be customers of the Note 7 in addition to annoying existing customers.
That's because airlines have increasingly made movies and TV shows available free for streaming on smart devices in flight, to avoid the cost of installing new screens on seat-backs. For now, Note 7 customers are cut off from this entertainment.
This is “a huge black eye for Samsung”, TECHnalysis Research President Bob O'Donnell said.
Companies ranging from Singapore Airlines Ltd (SIAL.SI) and Qantas Airways Ltd (QAN.AX) to Air France KLM SA (AIRF.PA) have instituted similar bans on the device.
They are the latest in ongoing efforts in the airline industry to manage the use of lithium-ion batteries, which are known to combust and are used in many devices, from phones and laptops to toys.
A model poses for photographs with a Galaxy Note 7 new smartphone during its launching ceremony in Seoul, South Korea, August 11, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji/File Photo
Top airlines banned hoverboards during the Christmas holiday season in 2015. Earlier this year, the U.N.'s aviation agency prohibited shipments of lithium-ion batteries as cargo on passenger planes.
A January report from the FAA said at least 171 incidents of smoke, fire, extreme heat or explosion involving batteries have occurred since 1991.
In some instances, they have caused emergency landings, as when a camera short-circuited and started a small fire in the overhead bin of an American Airlines flight in September 2013. Injuries were rare, the report said.
Grooming the finest of Instagram Boyfriends
Have you ever stared in a mixture of awe and jealousy at another female's beautifully curated Instagram feed thinking “who took this beautiful shot?!” - you've just chanced upon a lucky girl with a very talented Instagram Boyfriend.
All the girls in the TSL office are swooning over ultimate Instagram couple @beccabeczten and her incredibly talented boyfriend @jeraldsaw. Talk about #CoupleGoals…
Whether you're a boyfriend looking to please a very grumpy girlfriend, an exasperated girlfriend hoping to improve her boyfriend's photography, or just a girl wanting to look fly as hell - here are 10 easy tips to help you up your #OOTD game at these Insta-worthy spots around Jurong Point!
We've also included the difference between a Basic Boyfriend and a heavenly Instagram Boyfriend. Which are you?
1. It's all about the angle
Don't listen to Drake when he said love with your heart and not your eyes. Trust me when I say you'll definitely need your eyes for this one. So it's a daily affair that your girl needs you to document her #OOTD - and it needs to look good!
Let us show you.
The Basic Boyfriend
The sure signs of a Basic Boyfriend is one who shoots without thinking. He hasn't even heard of the word ‘composition' before, and thinks photobombers actually give life to a picture. He's probably not likely to even notice until his girlfriend gets pissed after viewing his shots.
The Instagram Boyfriend
He'd go to the ends of the earth - or Singapore - to keep you in focus. I mean, you're already the only focus in his life right?
The mark of a true Instagram Boyfriend is one who has a good eye for detail. He sees what a Basic Boyfriend can't - like those beautiful palm trees and lush green foliage in the background. Nuff' said.
Take the initiative to experiment with different angles. Even if she's as tiny as a button, through an Instagram Boyfriend's lens, she's a leggy Victoria's Secret model. This scene was shot from a low angle. Think leopard crawl during BMT, but the Photographer edition.
Wearing: MDS Collections, Charles and Keith, Esprit
2. Make use of your surroundings
This is especially relevant to couples who spend their weekends cafe-hopping, so listen up!
The Basic Boyfriend
Just because she asked you to take a picture of her, doesn't mean you just take it from wherever you are. She might be the only girl you see, but she's not going to be pleased with an #OOTD shot that promotes the set lunch of the restaurant behind her. Wrong move bruh.
The Instagram Boyfriend
The Instagram Boyfriend uses works with whatever he's given and plays it to his advantage. Take this normal-looking Korean restaurant for instance - now this looks like a print ad. You'll make your girl look like a KPOP superstar even if she's all sweaty from a yoga class or an indoor football game with you and the boys.
Tip: Experiment with wide shots if there's too much going on at the cafe/restaurant you are at.
Be strategic about how you position your girl or camera, you could even hide the posters behind her if you're smart about it. Don't be afraid to direct her, she is your bae afterall.
Wearing: Reebok, Saucony, Wilson (Royal Sporting House)
3. Capture the essence of the place
If the girlfriend says she's in Japan, she IS in Japan. Do you panic and give up? NO. You whip out that camera and say, “Hey babe, I got this”. It's not impossible, all you have to do is keep an eye out for elements that create a certain mood or evoke certain feelings within you.
Here's a secret - Jurong Point's Shokutsu Ten makes the perfect little Japan.
The Basic Boyfriend
While this might pass off as a good attempt, your girlfriends won't be impressed. The Basic Boyfriend only shoots in one mode, and that's wide angle. Just because there are other things going on, that doesn't mean you can't get a good clean shot. See those slim pillars at the side of the corridor? Use them to your advantage!
The Instagram Boyfriend
This is what we call the candid ‘Stalker Shot'
A keeper of an Instagram Boyfriend would even hide behind a pillar to make you his highlight. Congratulations, you've successfully teleported your girlfriend from Jurong to Japan. This is what we call DEDICATION. Heck, he might even go as far as manually remove passersby with a beauty app like Mei Tu Xiu Xiu and its acne removal function.
Don't like something in the picture? Remove it!
Wearing: Nana Reve De La, Jelly Bunny
4. Let Her (outfit) Shine
Her outfit is everything. There's no point in taking an #OOTD if you don't even have her outfit in focus.
The Basic Boyfriend
A Basic Boyfriend misses the whole point of his girl's outfit, and makes a huge mistake like cropping out her brand-new kicks. I mean, she just spent her month's salary on them and you just cropped them out of the frame. Well done mate.
The Instagram Boyfriend
This is not a professional photoshoot, the Instagram Boyfriend just made it look like it. He takes note of the effort she has put into dressing up, and takes the initiative to suggest a backdrop that'll allow even the tiniest detail of her outfit to stand out.
Wearing: Uniqlo, Vans
5. Less is More
Girls can be confusing, we know that. But when she asks you for a photo against the bank, she probably means she wants a picture against the nice marble wall of the bank, not WITH the bank.
The Basic Boyfriend
Your girlfriend looking like she's advertising for the bank - nope, not what she asked for.
The Instagram Boyfriend
Zooming in on the perfect marble wall, he ensures that his girl looks Insta-fab even if all she's wearing is a plain black dress and loafers.
Wearing: Uniqlo, Charles and Keith, Esprit
6. The Top Down
The Top Down is like the #OOTD sister of ‘flat lay', only more intensive because you are dealing with a full-sized human now. Try not to drop your camera on her, you don't want to lose your girlfriend (physically and emotionally) after this shot. #justsaying
The Basic Boyfriend
A shot exposing way too much, and the fact that she's sitting in the middle of a walkway for this shot. Buay Paiseh or not?
Get creative with your angles!
The Instagram Boyfriend
He makes you look uber stylish and totally #tumblrgoals. You see that shot? Same location - only from this angle it looks like you're on a basketball court.
Wearing: Levis, Converse
7. Follow the lines
The Basic Boyfriend
If this doesn't cause the obsessive compulsive inside of you to freak out - I don't know what will.
The Instagram Boyfriend
Nobody's perfect, not even your boyfriend, and a senget (Malay word for 'slanted') picture is something inevitable. But with apps like VSCO's Warp Function - you'll impress to no end with these handy tricks. Too lazy to use an app for editing? Just use your phone camera's grid function - it works like magic too.
Wearing: Uniqlo, Charles and Keith
8. Declutter
The Basic Boyfriend
No, that man is not related to our model…
Oh where do we even begin. The Basic Boyfriend will not wait for a window of opportunity. He'll be anxious to get the shot over and done with. We can't emphasize this enough. Just don't be The Basic Boyfriend.
The Instagram Boyfriend
Patience is everything! And sometimes, it takes a good 10 minutes of waiting with a camera or phone in hand just so you can snap the perfect picture - especially when you're in a crowded location.
Tip: You can even pretend like there's an actual photoshoot going on. It helps if you are holding a DSLR. If not, just try to speak in a relatively loud voice with firm directions. Passersby will get the hint and try to avoid the area altogether. The Instagram life is serious business.
Wearing: MDS Collections, Charles and Keith, Esprit
9. Elongate her legs
The Basic Boyfriend
If you've got a really petite girl, shooting her at eye level will only stunt her even more! Every girl wishes to look tall and leggy in pictures, so give your woman what she wants without her asking for it.
The Instagram Boyfriend
Girlfriend at ankle level? Instant height boost!
Tip: Shoot from a low angle to transform your girl into Taylor Swift. Remember, there is no such thing as too tall.
Wearing: Royal Sporting House
10. Do the unexpected
There is nothing more satisfying than finding the most unexpected location for your girlfriend's OOTD. Going for a artistic look? Whip out that camera and let your creativity run free! Heartland malls like Jurong Point are basically a playground for an artistic couple.
The Basic Boyfriend
It almost seems as though you've captured her in the midst of looking for her bicycle. Not. Cool.
The Instagram Boyfriend
Girlfriend swagging it
An Instagram Boyfriend is always ready to rise up to the occasion - we mean it! Take your top down shot to new heights, like the platform of an MRT station. That's how we did it!
Use the warp function in Instagram to achieve the ultimate top down shot. Bet you can't tell this was shot from the platform of Boon Lay MRT station.
Wearing: Uniqlo, Converse
Acing the Instagram #OOTD Game
Instead of lamenting over all the time spent taking your girlfriend's #OOTD shots, why not celebrate it as a couple activity? Besides, communication is key, and she's going to be taking a lot of your cues when it comes to candid modelling.
And even if you're a single birdy reading this, we hope these 10 tips help you up your Instagram #OOTD game. Bid goodbye to out-of-focus snaps, poor alignment, and photobombers in your pictures - you've just levelled up.
Shop for a new #OOTD and stand to win a $10,000 wardrobe makeover!
If you're thinking of upgrading your current wardrobe to up your #OOTD game, shop at Jurong Point and you just might be walking away with more than 365 days worth of new outfits! From 1st July - 31st August, every $50 spent on retail therapy (limited to a combination of 2 same-day receipts) entitles you to one chance at a lucky draw where you'll stand to win a whole barrage of cash vouchers!
All outfits featured are available at Jurong Point. All photos were also shot at or within the vicinity of Jurong Point.
I can read minds. You'll also enjoy this story
You'll also love this story on 10 Photographs You Can Take In Singapore To Bluff Your Friends That You're On Vacation.
This post was brought to you by Jurong Point.
With all of the free agent signings last week and over the weekend, needs have changed for most of the NFL's teams. Unsurprisingly, as a result, lots of mock drafters are changing their mock drafts. SB Nation's latest 2012 NFL Mock Draft from Ryan Van Bibber of SBNation.com and Turf Show Times is up, and it has a change for the Green Bay Packers.
Ryan had the Pack selecting Jerel Worthy, a DT in college who has the skills to play as a 3-4 DE in the Packers' system, but has made a change in light of the news that the team will not be retaining Scott Wells. Surprise! It's Peter Konz.
Ted Thompson was unwilling to pay what Scott Wells wanted. Agree or disagree, the Packers lost perhaps their best offensive lineman. They cannot afford to whiff on a replacement. Konz is the best center in the draft, from a program that breeds blocking talent.
I certainly wouldn't argue with the selection of Konz, who most of us have seen a lot of in college. I have no doubt that he's going to be a high-quality starting NFL center.
Where's the Evan Dietrich-Smith fan club?
Minnesota United's player payroll shows an additional $1 million in guaranteed compensation for six new players, while $588,000 has been removed with the departure of three others, according to figures released by the Major League Soccer players' union on Thursday.
It's unclear how much of these figures are prorated to the time of the additions/subtractions, and how much United has to pay the nine players.
United added midfielder Ethan Finlay ($290,000) in a trade with the Columbus Crew, with winger Sam Nicholson ($281,000) and center back Michael Boxall ($242,000) through the summer transfer window. They also added winger Jose Leiton ($68,000) and striker Brandon Allen ($65,000) on loans and signed goalkeeper Alex Kapp ($53,000).
The Loons took winger Bashkim Kadrii ($288,000), goalkeeper John Alvbage ($247,000) and emergency keeper Billy Heavner ($53,000) off the books. Related Articles February 26, 2019 Minnesota United counting on Ike Opara to be leader and defensive upgrade
February 26, 2019 Minnesota United will have company. Here's what's up with 5 tenants moving in near Allianz Field.
February 25, 2019 Minnesota United's starting lineup now ‘on equal footing' with MLS competition
February 22, 2019 Minnesota United to play Hertha Berlin in international friendly
February 17, 2019 New goalie Vito Mannone leaves Loons to address immigration paperwork in England
The Loons highest-paid player Vadim Demidov ($550,000) remains on the payroll. United has been seeking a destination for the center back, who hasn't played since March 25 and has been away from the team since July. In his three games, the former club captain was part of a side that allowed 16 goals.
When MLS salaries were first announced in April, United had the fourth-lowest payroll ($5.3 million) among MLS' 22 teams, according to the Denver Post.
CUP SET UP
Minnesota United will play in the Carolina Challenge Cup in Charleston, S.C., next February, the club announced Thursday.
The Loons will face the Charleston Battery at 6:30 p.m. Feb. 17, with a second game against Atlanta United at 6:30 p.m. Feb. 21 and a third match against the Columbus Crew at 4 p.m. Feb. 24.
The round-robin tournament preseason tournament is in its 14th year and hosted in the Battery's 5,100-seat MUSC Health Stadium. The Battery are a lower-level United Soccer League team. The other three sides in the tournament are in MLS.
“We will get to test ourselves against some really good competition,” United coach Adrian Heath said in a statement. “And as always, preseason is a great opportunity for the group to get to know each other and develop chemistry.”
United has played in the Portland Timbers' preseason tournament in Oregon the past two years.
The 2018 MLS schedule begins in early March and is expected to be announced in January.
"Royal wedding" redirects here. For the 1951 MGM musical, see Royal Wedding
A royal wedding is a marriage ceremony involving members of a royal family. Weddings involving senior members of the royal family are often seen as important occasions of state and attract significant national and international attention. The following is a list of notable royal weddings:
17th century [ edit ]
Sweden [ edit ]
18th century [ edit ]
Sweden [ edit ]
19th century [ edit ]
Russian Empire [ edit ]
United Kingdom [ edit ]
20th century [ edit ]
Belgium [ edit ]
Greece [ edit ]
United Kingdom [ edit ]
21st century [ edit ]
Bhutan [ edit ]
Denmark [ edit ]
Luxembourg [ edit ]
Monaco [ edit ]
Norway [ edit ]
Spain [ edit ]
Sweden [ edit ]
Tonga [ edit ]
A new study shows that poverty is a continuing challenge for the nation's LGBT community. (Jim Mone/AP Photo)
The nation's gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender community has a lot to celebrate during June's "Pride Month," like the growing number of state governments that have made same-sex marriage legal, along with a majority of the American public favoring gay marriage. But despite all of the progress, a new study shows that poverty is a continuing challenge for the nation's LGBT community, and that women face the greatest challenge.
The analysis of data from four different datasets finds that lesbian couples have a 7.6 percent poverty rate, higher than the 5.7 percent rate for married heterosexual couples and the 4.3 percent for coupled gay men.
The study also suggests that sexual-orientation-based poverty gaps persist among individuals, with LGBT men and women facing higher poverty rates than their heterosexual counterparts, as shown in the chart above. However, not all of those figures are statistically significant, meaning that there may not be a meaningful difference between figures for the LGBT and non-LGBT communities.
A large part of the gap between lesbian couples and other couples is due to the gender wage gap, says M.V. Lee Badgett, a co-author of the study and research director at the UCLA Law School's Williams Institute, a think tank that conducts research on legal matters surrounding gender and sexual orientation.
"That [wage gap] is a big factor that makes it challenging for lesbians in general, but especially lesbians in couples," she says. "You put two women together, and they will have lower household income than two men or a man and a woman."
It's not just LGBT women at risk for poverty. LGBT men also have a significantly higher poverty rate (20.1 percent) than non-LGBT men (13.4 percent), according to Gallup data. In addition, the study finds that when controlling for factors that contribute to poverty, like age, race and education level, gay male couples have a higher poverty rate than heterosexual married couples, by 1.4 percentage points.
Plenty of factors other than gender play a part in poverty. The study finds that African-American same-sex couples have a poverty rate more than twice that of heterosexual married African-American couples. Same-sex black male couples have a poverty rate of nearly 19 percent, with a poverty rate of nearly 18 percent for same-sex black female couples, compared to just 8 percent for married heterosexual couples.
Poverty not only affects those couples but their children as well. Over half – 52.3 percent – of children of gay black male couples live under the poverty line, compared to just over 15 percent for children of married heterosexual black couples. That astoundingly high rate is a result of "a confluence of racial disadvantages and the sexual orientation disadvantage," says Badgett.
"It looks like that comes together in a very big and disturbing way for African American same-sex couples," she says.
While the study might suggest that most LGBT Americans, particularly women, face economic disadvantages compared to heterosexuals, the reality is more complex. Lesbian couples may have higher poverty levels than heterosexual couples, but there is also evidence that lesbians earn more than straight women. Though there are several theories as to why that is, Badgett points out that often, these women are less likely to have children than married straight women, meaning they work more hours and do not face the career interruptions that maternity can cause.
However, as same-sex couples increasingly raise children, the gap between lesbian and straight women may diminish, she adds.
"If you look at female same-sex couples, the one in the workforce looks like she does pretty well, but the one who is the secondary earner or stays at home completely does take a hit for being a parent," Badgett says.
More News:
“If Japanese Buddhism doesn't act now, it will die out,” he said. “We can't afford to wait. We have to do something.”
Across Japan, Buddhism faces a confluence of problems, some familiar to religions in other wealthy nations, others unique to the faith here.
The lack of successors to chief priests is jeopardizing family-run temples nationwide.
While interest in Buddhism is declining in urban areas, the religion's rural strongholds are being depopulated, with older adherents dying and birthrates remaining low.
Perhaps most significantly, Buddhism is losing its grip on the funeral industry, as more and more Japanese are turning to funeral homes or choosing not to hold funerals at all.
Over the next generation, many temples in the countryside are expected to close, taking centuries of local history with them and adding to the demographic upheaval under way in rural Japan.
Here in Oga, on a peninsula of the same name that faces the Sea of Japan in Akita Prefecture, Buddhist priests are looking at the cold math of a population and local fishing industry in decline.
“It's not an exaggeration to say that the population is about half of what it was at its peak and that all businesses have also been reduced by half,” said Giju Sakamoto, 74, the 91st head priest of Akita's oldest temple, Chorakuji, which was founded around the year 860. “Given that reality, simply insisting that we're a religion and have a long history — Akita's longest, in fact — sounds like a fairy tale. It's meaningless.
“That's why I think this place is beyond hope,” Mr. Sakamoto said at his temple, which sits atop a promontory overlooking a seaside village.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
To survive, Mr. Sakamoto has put his energies into managing a nursing home and a new temple in a growing suburb of Akita City. That temple, however, has drawn only 60 households as members since it opened a couple of years ago, far short of the 300 said to be necessary for a temple to remain financially viable.
For centuries, the average Buddhist temple, whose stewardship was handed down from father to eldest son, served a fixed membership, rarely, if ever, proselytizing. With some 300 households to cater to, the temple's chief priest and his wife were kept fully occupied.
Not only has the number of temples in Japan been dipping — to 85,994 in 2006, from 86,586 in 2000, according to the Japanese Agency for Cultural Affairs — but membership at many temples has fallen.
“We have to find other jobs because the temple alone is not enough,” said Kyo Kon, 73, the head priest's wife at Kogakuin, a temple here with 170 members. She used to work at a day care center while her husband was employed at a local land planning office.
Not far away at Doshoji, a temple whose membership has fallen to 85 elderly households, the chief priest, Jokan Takahashi, 59, was facing a problem familiar to most small family-run businesses in Japan: finding a successor.
His eldest son had undergone the training to become a Buddhist priest, but Mr. Takahashi was ambivalent about asking him to take over the temple.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“My son grew up knowing nothing but this world of the temple, and he told me he did not feel free,” he said, explaining that his son, now 28, was working at a company in a nearby city. “He asked me to let him be free as long as I was working, and said that he would come back and take over by the time he turned 35.
“But considering the future, pressuring a young person to take over a temple like this might be cruel,” Mr. Takahashi said, after giving visitors a tour of his temple's most important room, an inner chamber with wooden, lockerlike cabinets where, it is said, the spirits of his members' ancestors are kept.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
On a recent morning, Mr. Mori, the priest of the 700-year-old temple, began the day with a visit to a rice farming household marking the 33rd anniversary of a grandfather's death. Bowing before the home altar, Mr. Mori prayed and chanted sutras. Later, he repeated the rituals at another household, which was commemorating the seventh anniversary of a grandfather's death.
Increasingly, many Japanese, especially those in urban areas, have eschewed those traditions. Many no longer belong to temples and rely instead on funeral homes when their relatives die. The funeral homes provide Buddhist priests for funerals. According to a 2007 report by the Japan Consumers' Association, the average cost of a funeral, excluding the cemetery plot, was $21,500, of which $5,100 covered services performed by a Buddhist priest.
As recently as the mid-1980s, almost all Japanese held funerals at home or in temples, with the local Buddhist priest playing a prominent role.
Photo
But the move to funeral homes has sharply accelerated in the last decade. In 1999, 62 percent still held funerals at home or in temples, while 30 percent chose funeral homes, according to the Consumers' Association. But in 2007, the preferences were reversed, with 28 percent selecting funerals at home or in temples, and 61 percent opting for funeral homes.
In addition, an increasing number of Japanese are deciding to have their loved ones cremated without any funeral at all, said Noriyuki Ueda, an anthropologist at the Tokyo Institute of Technology and an expert on Buddhism.
“Because of that, Buddhist priests and temples will no longer be involved in funerals,” Mr. Ueda said.
He said Japanese Buddhism had been sapped of its spiritual side in great part because it had compromised itself during World War II through its close ties with Japan's military. After Buddhist priests had glorified fallen soldiers and given them special posthumous Buddhist names, talk of pacifism sounded hollow.
Mr. Mori, the priest here, said that after the war there was a desire for increasingly lavish funerals with prestigious Buddhist names. These names — with the highest ranks traditionally given to those who have led honorable lives — are routinely purchased now, regardless of a dead person's conduct in life.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Soldiers, who gave their lives for the country, were given special posthumous Buddhist names, so everybody wanted one after that, and prices went up dramatically,” Mr. Mori said. “Everyone was getting richer, so everyone wanted one.
“But that gave us a bad image,” he said, adding that the price of the top name in Akita was about $3,000 — though that was a small fraction of the price in Tokyo.
Indeed, that image is reinforced by the way the business of funerals and memorial services is conducted. Fees are not stated and are left to the family's discretion, and the relatives generally feel an unspoken pressure to be quite generous. Money is handed over in envelopes, and receipts are not given. Temples, with their status as religious organizations, pay no taxes.
It was partly to dispel this bad image that Kazuma Hayashi, 41, a Buddhist priest without a temple of his own, said he founded a company, Obohsan.com (obohsan means priest), three years ago in a Tokyo suburb. The company dispatches freelance Buddhist priests to funerals and other services, cutting out funeral homes and other middlemen.
Prices, which are at least a third lower than the average, are listed clearly on the company's Web site. A 10 percent discount is available for members.
“We even give out receipts,” Mr. Hayashi said.
Mr. Hayashi argued that instead of divorcing Japanese Buddhism further from its spiritual roots, his business attracted more people with its lower prices. The highest-ranking posthumous name went for about $1,500, a rock-bottom price.
“I know that, originally, that's not what Buddhism was about,” Mr. Hayashi said of the top name. “But it's a brand that our customers choose. Some really want it, so that means there's a strong desire there, and we have to respond to it.”
After apologizing for straying from Buddhism's ideals, Mr. Hayashi said he offered his customers the highest-ranking name, albeit with a warning: “In short, that this is different from going to a shop in town and buying a handbag, you know, a Gucci bag.”
OpenCL provides many benefits in the field of high-performance computing, and one of the most important is portability. OpenCL-coded routines, called kernels, can execute on GPUs and CPUs from such popular manufacturers as Intel, AMD, Nvidia, and IBM. New OpenCL-capable devices appear regularly, and efforts are underway to port OpenCL to embedded devices, digital signal processors, and field-programmable gate arrays.
Not only can OpenCL kernels run on different types of devices, but a single application can dispatch kernels to multiple devices at once. For example, if your computer contains an AMD Fusion processor and an AMD graphics card, you can synchronize kernels running on both devices and share data between them. OpenCL kernels can even be used to accelerate OpenGL or Direct3D processing.
Despite these advantages, OpenCL has one significant drawback: it's not easy to learn. OpenCL isn't derived from MPI or PVM or any other distributed computing framework. Its overall operation resembles that of NVIDIA's CUDA, but OpenCL's data structures and functions are unique. Even the most introductory application is difficult for a newcomer to grasp. You really can't just dip your foot in the pool  you either know OpenCL or you don't.
My goal in writing this article is to explain the concepts behind OpenCL as simply as I can and show how these concepts are implemented in code. I'll explain how host applications work and then show how kernels execute on a device. Finally, I'll walk through an example application with a kernel that adds 64 floating-point values together.
Host Application Development
In developing an OpenCL project, the first step is to code the host application. This runs on a user's computer (the host) and dispatches kernels to connected devices. The host application can be coded in C or C++, and every host application requires five data structures: cl_device_id, cl_kernel, cl_program, cl_command_queue, and cl_context .
When I started learning OpenCL, I found it hard to remember these structures and how they work together, so I devised an analogy: An OpenCL host application is like a game of cards.
A Game of Cards
In a card game, a dealer sits at a table with one or more players and distributes cards from a deck. Each player receives these cards as part of a hand and then analyzes how best to play. The players can't interact with one another or see another player's cards, but they can make requests to the dealer for additional cards or a change in stakes. The dealer handles these requests and takes control once the game is over. Figure 1 illustrates this analogoy.
In addition to the dealer and the players, Figure 1 also depicts the table that supports the game. The players seated at the table don't have to take part, but only those seated at the table can participate in the game.
The Five Data Structures
In my analogy, the card dealer represents the host. The other aspects of the game correspond to the five OpenCL data structures that must be created and configured in a host application:
Device: OpenCL devices correspond to the players. Just as a player receives cards from the dealer, a device receives kernels from the host. In code, a device is represented by a cl_device_id .
. Kernel: OpenCL kernels correspond to the cards. A host application distributes kernels to devices in much the same way a dealer distributes cards to players. In code, a kernel is represented by a cl_kernel .
. Program: An OpenCL program is like a deck of cards. In the same way that a dealer selects cards from a deck, the host selects kernels from a program. In code, a program is represented by a cl_program .
. Command queue: An OpenCL command queue is like a player's hand. Each player receives cards as part of a hand, and each device receives kernels through a command queue. In code, a command queue is represented by a cl_command_queue .
. Context: OpenCL contexts correspond to card tables. Just as a card table makes it possible for players to transfer cards to one another, an OpenCL context allows devices to receive kernels and transfer data. In code, a context is represented by a cl_context .
To clarify this analogy, Figure 2 shows how these five data structures work together in a host application. As shown, a program contains multiple functions, and each kernel encapsulates a function taken from the program.
Once you understand how host applications work, learning how to write code is straightforward. Most of the functions in the OpenCL API have straightforward names like clCreateCommandQueue and clGetDeviceInfo . Given the analogy, it should be clear that clCreateKernel requires a cl_program structure to execute, and clCreateContext requires one or more cl_device_id structures.
Shortcomings of the Analogy
My analogy has its flaws. Six significant shortcomings are given as follows:
There's no mention of platforms. A platform is a data structure that identifies a vendor's implementation of OpenCL. Platforms make it possible to access devices. For example, you can access an Nvidia device through the Nvidia platform. A card dealer doesn't choose which players sit at the table. However, an OpenCL host selects which devices should be placed in a context. A card dealer can't deal the same card to multiple players, but an OpenCL host can dispatch the same kernel to multiple devices through their command queues. The analogy doesn't mention how devices execute kernels. Many OpenCL devices contain multiple processing elements, and each element may process a subset of the input data. The host identifies the number of work items that should be generated to execute the kernel. In a card game, the dealer distributes cards to players and each player arranges the cards to form a hand. In OpenCL, the host creates a command queue for each device and enqueues commands. One type of command tells a device to execute a kernel. In a card game, the dealer passes cards in a round-robin fashion. OpenCL sets no constraints on how host applications distribute kernels to devices.
At this point, you should understand that a large part of a host application's job involves creating kernels and deploying them to OpenCL-compliant devices such as GPUs, CPUs, or hybrid processors. Next, I'll discuss how these kernels execute on the devices.
After dominating the competition in the preliminary rounds during the 2012 Olympics, Team USA advanced to the quarterfinals to face off against Australia. With Australia posing little threat to the Americans, Kobe Bryant and company are likely to advance to the next round to face Argentina.
As predicted, Team USA will likely finish this tournament in London, England on top with a second consecutive gold medal to their credit. Once the Olympics are officially in the books, questions will surface about the NBA restricting players over 23 competing internationally for Team USA and which players will return if the new rule doesn't go into effect.
Although it remains uncertain whether or not the NBA implements this restriction moving forward, one thing has become clear with Kobe Bryant letting it be known that he won't return for the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janerio, Brazil.
According to Marc Stein of ESPN.com via Twitter, Kobe is done playing for Team USA:
Not that there was a ton of doubt, but Kobe got asked last night if this is indeed his last Olympics at 34. Kobe's response: “This is it” — Marc Stein (@ESPNSteinLine) August 7, 2012
At 37 years-old heading into the 2016 Olympics, it was fairly obvious that Kobe wouldn't return for another go around. Not only will Kobe be retiring from international competition with Team USA after these Olympics, but he will most likely be a year or two removed from playing in the NBA before tipoff in Brazil four years from now.
Over the past few months, Kobe has been openly talking about retiring. After playing the final two years of his current contract with the Los Angeles Lakers, Kobe intends to walk away from the NBA and may play overseas in Italy, Spain or Turkey for one more year before officially retiring from the game of basketball.
In the meantime, Laker fans better not miss a game over the next two years with Kobe possibly calling it a career after the 2013-14 NBA season and having no intention of playing for Team USA after the 2012 Olympics.
Have you observed how some people can remember their dreams so well after waking up almost every morning while for others remembering a dream is a rare incident.
Have you observed how some people can remember their dreams so well after waking up almost every morning while for others remembering a dream is a rare incident. Based on how frequently people can recall their dreams, scientists divide them in two categories; people who remember dreams regularly or ‘high dream recallers' and people who rarely remember the dreams or ‘low dream recallers'. Now why is that difference?
Few months ago research came out that showed that high dream recallers have twice as many times of wakefulness during sleep and their brains respond more to Auditory Stimuli both during sleep and wakefulness. The period of wakefulness enables them to memorize the dreams better.
To show why does that happen researchers at INSERM, France classified people into two groups. A group of 21 People who could recall dreams with an average of 5.2 mornings per week and a group comprising of 20 people who could on average recall 2 dreams a month. Scientists used Positron Emission Tomography (PET) to measure the spontaneous brain activity of the subjects, during wakefulness and sleep.
The high dream recallers, both while they were asleep and awake, showed stronger brain activity in the Medial Prefrontal Cortex (mPFC) and in Temporo-perietal Junction (TPJ). This area of brain is involved in attention orienting towards external stimuli. This also explains the earlier research that concluded that the lesions in these two parts of the brain causes a person to altogether cease dream recalling.
To memorize something, the brain must be awake and in high dream recallers stronger activity of brain that causes them to react to external stimuli and wake up many times for a brief period during sleep, enables them to remember their dreams more efficiently while a brain with less activity in those parts, which cannot react to stimuli will not be able to memorize any dreams.
That is the difference in high and low dream recallers, but there might also be another reason that high dream recallers possibly produce more dreams than low dream recallers. Further research is needed to prove if that is true but at least now you know why you can or cannot remember your dreams. [ INSERM ; Image via art2work]
//www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FSparkonit&width&layout=standard&action=like&show_faces=false&share=true&height=35
Like this: Like Loading...
The International 7 Qualification Thoughts
Ben Steenhuisen Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 13, 2017
I wanted to jot down some ideas on how I envision the TI7 Qualifiers are gonna go. These are all just guesses, I have no inside info on this.
The Quasi-Locks
As it stands these are the teams who, in my eyes are most deserving of a direct invite to TI7 (in decreasing order of my perception of ‘deserving').
OG (Kiev Major winners, Boston Major winners) EG (Top 4 at Kiev Major, winner of Manila Masters, runners-up at EPICENTER 2). Liquid (Top 8 at Kiev Major, winners of EPICENTER 2 and Starladder Invitational #2). IG (winners of DAC 2017, top 4 at Kiev Major). VP (runners-up at Kiev). ???
I think VP's status is something people have questioned — not winning a significant international LAN since The Summit 7 (nearly 6 months ago). That said, Valve invited Ad Finem to The Kiev Major with a 2nd place finish at the Boston Major followed by one of the most poor inter-Major performances we've ever seen.
IG's performance in 7.X hasn't been all 100% smooth, but they did win DAC after defeating Newbee (twice), EG, and OG (4–2 on aggregate games, 1–1 in matches); and also placed top 4 at Kiev.
The Mystery Slot
No, the final spot is not (necessarily) a newly formed Xiao8 stack sneaking in at the last second. It's the first one of the following teams that satisfy the attached conditions:
Newbee, if they win Galaxy Battles VGJ, if they win The Summit 7 Team NP, if they win The Summit 7 {Newbee, VGJ, Team NP (in this order)}, if they come 2nd at Galaxy Battles/Summit 7. Newbee (current ｆｉｌｌｅｒ ｐｉｃｋ).
Regional Qualification Spots
Even if China sneaks the Mystery Spot (the 2nd Chinese team to get a direct invite), they still have the most teams from a region in the top 20 (21 actually, since Wings has disbanded but haven't decayed enough to leave the top 20) ratings as it stands with 6 teams (Invictus Gaming, Newbee, LGD, LGD.FY, Vici Gaming, VG.J) — one more than Europe and SEA's 5 (NA has 3, CIS has 1). China having 4 spots here seems fair, their 5th team can try sneak in via the Wildcards.
China — 2 Europe — 1 CIS — 1 North America — 1 South America — 1 SEA — 2
Wildcard Spots
The wildcards are a complicated thing this year — determining the best 2 teams from 6 in a single day is not clean and easy; so my best guess is that CIS and Europe's runners-up fight for a single Wildcard spot; and similarly with South and North America. This means that there's still :
18 teams invited to Seattle
representation from every region
similar regional breakdown to previous years (we'll dig into this next paragraph).
Here's my Wildcard splits.
CIS + Europe — 1 China — 1 SEA — 1 South + North America — 1
Regional Overview
Although the EG/Secret switcheroo last year makes direct comparisons complicated; excluding wildcards, and assuming Newbee or VGJ are the 6th spot — lets's look at the regional breakdown:
China — 4 (IG, Newbee/VG, 2 qualifier spots) [no change from last year] Europe — 3 (Liquid, OG, 1 qualifier spot)[-1 from last year] CIS — 2 (VP, 1 qualifier spot) [+1 from last year, counting NaVi] North America — 2 (EG, 1 qualifier spot) [no change from last year] SEA — 2 (2 qualifier spots) [-1 from last year] South America — 1 (1 qualifier spot) [+1 from last year]
Perhaps SEA would feel the most hard-done by with the regional shifts, since all 3 of their teams finished in the top 8 (4th, tied 5th, tied 7th) — but one has to remember the movement of players from SEA to other regions since then (Forev and Dubu to DC, Demon going to complexity, MP and MidOne to Secret). Europe also drops a spot, but I think will be the strongest contender to win a Wildcard slot (last year Escape became the first European team to make it through the Wildcards since 2012 when Mousesports won the Wildcard match against World Elite to replace MUFC).
Regional Qualifier Format
I'm happy with 10 team bo1 round robin into a 4-team Double Elimination (DE) bo3 tournament and a bo5 grand final. For SEA and China (the two regions with 2 spots each) I'd shortcut the best performing round-robin team directly to TI; the next four teams into the DE. In all regions, the top team out of the DE is invited directly, the runner-up filters into their Wildcard playoffs (if applicable), or to TI Wildcards.
Onwards
As I said in the opening paragraph — these are just my guesses. Valve could invite 4 teams, or do a completely different system. This is how I'd do it, with the current information available.
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders on Tuesday called for nation-wide reforms of the criminal justice system, after a grand jury decided not to indict anyone for the death of a black woman as she was held in custody in Texas.
"Sandra Bland should not have died while in police custody. There's no doubt in my mind that she, like too many African-Americans who die in police custody, would be alive today if she were a white woman," Sanders said in a statement. "My thoughts are with her family and loved ones tonight. We need to reform a very broken criminal justice system."
Bland, a 28-year-old African-American woman, died in police custody in Texas after being held for three days after allegedly failing to use her turn signal. Officials say she committed suicide in her cell with a plastic bag, but her family says otherwise.
Sanders has been upping his efforts to reach the African-American vote, going so far as to release a criminal justice platform and meet with organizers from the Black Lives Matter movement. He also toured the site of Freddie Gray's arrest in Baltimore earlier this month and appeared with rapper Killer Mike at a rally in Atlanta.
The family of Sandra Bland met with Sanders on Oct. 13, 2015, according to The Huffington Post.
T.J. Dillashaw scored one of the biggest upsets in UFC history with a fifth-round TKO victory over bantamweight kingpin Renan Barao at UFC 173, but the Brazilian wants rematch.
After Team Alpha Male finally won a UFC title, Nova Uniao manager and head coach Andre Pederneiras will ask for an immediate rematch at UFC 179, an event scheduled for Oct. 25 at Maracanazinho gymnasium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Video highlights Watch T.J. Dillashaw vs. Renan Barao video highlights to see how Dillashaw won the UFC bantamweight title Saturday night.
"We're asking for an immediate rematch. It's fair, and we're looking a way to do it," Pederneiras said in an interview to radio show No Mundo da Luta. "It can't happen in less than five or six months, but I think that's how long T.J. is going to be out. Everybody wants to see another fight between them, since it was the fight of the night."
Barao hasn't fought in Brazil as a UFC champion, and Pederneiras challenges Dillashaw to give him a rematch in Rio de Janeiro.
"The ideal would be bringing this fight to Brazil," he said. "There's going to be a big event here in Brazil, apparently in October in Rio de Janeiro. Let's see is these guys are man enough to fight Barao in his house."
Barao was a huge favorite to defend the title against Dillashaw at UFC 173, but he never recovered after getting knocked down in the first round. According to Pederneiras, the former champion kept fighting in "automatic mode."
"After the first knockdown, Renan couldn't get into the fight anymore and he went dizzy with every blow," he said. "Even between the rounds, when we were talking to him, he wasn't even looking at us.
UFC 173 photos MMA Fighting's Esther Lin was on the scene at UFC 173 in Las Vegas. Check out her fight night photos.
"After the first round, we told him not to trade with (Dillashaw) so he could recover, but it was like we had told him ‘go there and trade punches with him' because that's exactly what he did. He kept fighting and asked us who was winning the fight before the fifth. When the fight was over, he asked us what happened, if he won or if he lost."
Following the main event, Dana White said "it wouldn't be insane" to give Barao an immediate rematch, but is not sure yet if Dillashaw will defend his title against the former champion or in a rematch with Raphael Assuncao, who defeated him last October by split decision.
Amid criticism of disparity between elected officials accused of sexual harassment and individuals in other industries, Rep. James Clyburn (D-S.C.) on Wednesday said what makes the difference is that politicians are elected to their positions.
In a new video shared by NBC News producer Alex Moe, Clyburn and Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Cedric Richmond Cedric Levon RichmondThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's Morning Report - What to watch for as Mueller's probe winds down The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times MORE (D-La.) are confronted by reporters asking why high-profile members of the movie industry and media have lost their jobs recently, most almost immediately, due to sexual misconduct allegations but members of Congress have not.
"Other men in other industries have faced similar accusations, and have gotten out of the way — resigned, stepped down far faster than he has," a reporter said in the video, referring to Rep. John Conyers John James ConyersDemocrats seek cosponsors for new 'Medicare for all' bill Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message Women's March plans 'Medicare for All' day of lobbying in DC MORE Jr. (D-Mich.).
ADVERTISEMENT
"I don't know, you would have to give me some examples," Richmond responded.
"Harvey Weinstein, Charlie Rose, Matt Lauer," reporters said.
"Who elected them?" Clyburn said before getting on an elevator. The doors closed before he could clarify the remark.
The comments come as Conyers continues to face backlash in the face of sexual misconduct allegations, but has yet to step down.
Conyers stepped aside as ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee earlier this week after acknowledging that he settled a wrongful dismissal complaint in 2015. He has denied the sexual harassment allegations made against him.
Pressure on Conyers to step down is mounting from three of his Democratic colleagues, which include Reps. Kathleen Rice (D-N.Y.), Pramila Jayapal (D-Wash.) and Earl Blumenauer (Ore.). Many other Democratic colleagues have cautioned that the allegations have yet to be proven.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) is working with members of the CBC to push Conyers to step down, according to a senior aide.
Sen. Al Franken Alan (Al) Stuart FrankenVirginia can be better than this Harris off to the best start among Dems in race, say strategists, donors Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message MORE (D-Minn.) is also facing sexual misconduct allegations and has since said he will work to regain the public's trust. He vowed over the weekend that “this will not happen again going forward.”
Lauer is the latest high-profile man to be accused of sexual misconduct in a wave of accusers coming forward in multiple industries. He was fired from NBC on Wednesday, the same day the allegations came to light.
Srinagar: Chief Minister Mufti Mohammad Sayeed's assertions that Pakistan allowed the peaceful conduct of polls in Jammu and Kashmir was not a slip of tongue but a deliberate attempt to address his constituency in Kashmir valley where the PDP-BJP alliance is being viewed as “sell-out” by his party to grab power.
A group of the party's legislators on Monday demanding the remains of Afzal Guru be brought back to the valley is possibly another attempt to appeal to the party's core constituency.
A top PDP leader told Firstpost that Mufti's comments are consistent with the party's agenda on Kashmir that includes holding talks with Pakistan as well as the Hurriyat Conference.
“The comments were made in a certain context but the media blew it out of proportion. Mufti Sahib has himself told prime minister Narendra Modi that the peaceful conduct of the recent historic elections would not have been possible, had Pakistan tried to spoil the atmosphere,” the PDP leader, wishing anonymity, told Firstpost..
However, before the outrage over Sayeed's comments had died down the party sparked a fresh one with its leaders saying they wanted the state government to bring back the remains of Afzal Guru, who was hanged for his involvement in the 2001 Parliament attack.
A group of nine PDP leaders allegedly signed a note saying that the remains should be brought back.
"Our party has given a statement that the mortal remains of Afzal Guru should be brought back to the state. We stand firm on our demand," Mohammad Khalil Band, the PDP's MLA from Pulwama, told CNN-IBN.
The BJP like in the case of Sayeed's comment chosen to remain mum and the only one to react was leader Subramanian Swamy.
"If PDP continues to speak outside Common Minimum Programme, will have to remove Article 370. If PDP continues speaking this language, they are only harming themselves," he tweeted.
The talks over the government formation dragged over two months as the two parties struggled to find a common ground over contentious issues including the revocation of AFSPA, the status of Article 370 and how the internal and external dimensions of the Kashmir issue would be addressed.
While the PDP has got the BJP on board to resume the dialogue process over Kashmir, sources said the two parties were not likely to spoil the atmosphere of the “historic moment” in Kashmir.
“The BJP will publicly dissociate itself from the statement of the PDP patriarch but the two parties will continue to pursue the agenda for reconciliation which includes dialogue with Pakistan as well as the Hurriyat,” sources said.
Noor Mohammad Baba, a political historian in Kashmir told Firstpost that Mufti's statement would earn him “goodwill” both in Pakistan and well as in Kashmir.
“Mufti is a seasoned politician and he understands that the stifled boycott call by separatists played an important role in ensuring a record turnout of voters during the state assembly elections last year. Kashmir is already divided on this alliance. My assumption is that Mufti was trying to address a certain constituency in Kashmir and Pakistan.” Baba said.
However, the word in Jammu, is that the BJP has “compromised” on its core ideology in forming the alliance with the PDP. The state BJP leadership had promised the electorate that the chief minister would be from the Hindu majority region if the party came to power, a promise which was given up to pave the way for the PDP alliance.
On Sunday, there were protests in Jammu city and its outskirts on Sunday over the government formation. Angry anti-BJP protesters alleged that in its “lust for power,” the BJP had conveniently forgotten its stand on Article 370 and its promise to grant citizenship rights to West Pakistani refugees.
“People voted for the BJP because they thought they will have their own (Hindu) chief minister, but the party (BJP) has given up on all that it stood for,” Yaspal Sharma, a political activist who burnt BJP flags in Jammu said.
Similar accusations are being hurled in the Muslim majority Kashmir Valley at the PDP, which was built on a plank of soft-separatism and the advocacy of a joint mechanism between India and Pakistan to rule the divided Kashmir.
Rekha Choudhary, who teaches political science at the university of Jammu, says that Mufti made the remarks in a certain context but the media blew it out of proportion.
“Mufti was talking about a process (of elections) that witnessed almost zero militant attacks and no boycott calls was given by separatists. He didn't want to vitiate the atmosphere on the first day of his government. People have their suspicions about Mufti and PDP and its relations with BJP,” she said.
When the PDP and the BJP started preparing ground for an alliance in Jammu and Kashmir last year, many analysts saw it as a ploy to merely grab power.
Two months down the line, Mufti's remarks and the subsequent distancing from them by home minister Rajnath Singh in parliament on Monday, gives a glimpse of the long, bumpy road ahead for the alliance partners in the state.
Senior leadership in the two parties will see the alliance as a “historic opportunity” which, as Mufti Sayeed himself said, can become a “turning point” for Kashmir. But what remains to be seen, is how far will the two parties go in addressing the political dimensions of the Kashmir issue. This will mostly depend on factors which are beyond both sides control, given that these are times where the state has been left divided along communal lines. This is exactly where the strength of their character will be put to real test in coming days.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
A 19-month-old red panda went missing from the Virginia Zoo this week — and officials say she may be roaming to find a mate.
Sunny the red panda was last seen in her enclosure in the “Asia — Trail of the Tiger” exhibit at the Norfolk zoo at 5 p.m. Monday. Zookeepers noticed she was missing during the first check of the animal habitats and launched a search of the grounds, where zoo staffers are hopeful she remains. But she also may have fallen victim to the stresses of mating season.
“It is red panda breeding season,” according to a post on the zoo's website. “The animals become more agitated and could display a little abnormal and hyperactive behavior. Monday night it was rainy and windy. Sunny may have been on a slippery branch while Thomas, the male red panda, was pursuing her and caused her to slip and fall.”
Zoo officials and volunteers have searched nearby St. Mary's Cemetery, Lafayette Park and neighborhoods of Lindenwood, Villa Heights and Riverview for the missing mammal — but as of early Thursday, she remains on the loose.
“We encourage the community to continue their search efforts by throughout looking in the trees in their backyards and neighborhoods located within a mile of the zoo,” the post continued, suggesting that people scan the tree canopy from a distance rather than looking at individual tree branches. “She will likely position herself to be able to people watch from a mid to high point in a tree or other climbable structure.”
While typically not aggressive, red pandas are wild animals and can be unpredictable, especially during mating season. Anyone who believes they've spotted the panda is asked to call the Virginia Zoo at (757) 777-7899 and not to touch, feed or try to capture Sunny.
The Norfolk Police Department on Tuesday used an infrared camera to search the zoo, but the reddish-brown panda — about the size of a raccoon — could not be found.
Red pandas, which are listed by the World Wildlife Federation as an endangered species, are native to China and the eastern Himalayas.
“Red pandas are very skillful and acrobatic animals that predominantly stay in trees,” according to a WWF website on the animals, which number fewer than 10,000 worldwide. “Almost 50 percent of the red panda's habitat is in the Eastern Himalayas. They use their long, bushy tails for balance and to cover themselves in winter, presumably for warmth.”
Sunny came to the zoo in May from the Smithsonian's Conservation Biology Institute, the Virginian-Pilot reports.
Red pandas apparently don't like being caged, with several documented escapes, the newspaper reports. In 2007, a 1-year-old red panda named Yin slipped out of her enclosure at the Virginia Zoo twice in two months, but was found both times. The animals have also escaped from zoos in Washington, DC, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Germany.
When Info We Trust's graphics depicting the average days of creative geniuses of yore went viral earlier this week, we were impressed like so many others—after all, it's pretty cool to see how the masters made it work!
But more importantly, we thought this method of visualizing time was an awesome way to quickly understand what each of these masters spend their time doing—and would be something that all of us could use to get a better handle on our own time. After all, the first step in becoming more productive is understanding where your time is going now!
It's simple—grab the visual below (click for the full-size image) and then either print it out or open it up in MS Paint or Photoshop. Using the paint tool (or your colored pencils), give each activity a unique color, and then color in each hour of the circle based on the activity you usually fill that time with.
You'll quickly be able to see how you organize your day, the things you're doing well, and the things you could probably improve upon. For example, I filled out a Wheel of Producvitiy for my own days below, and can easily see that I do well on the sleep front, but could probably try and break up my big block of green work time (by taking an actual lunch break, perhaps, or going to the gym midday instead of in the morning).
Fill out your own Wheel of Productivity, and then give it a hard look: Are you devoting enough time to the colors that matter most to you?
Josh Hamilton signed with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim to the tune of 5-years, $125 Million. The move gives the Angels another power bat for the middle of their lineup. What it also does, is give them a glut of outfielders. The first rumors to swirl said that Mark Trumbo, their left fielder in 2012, is now expendable.
What the Angels still need, many opine, is starting pitching. The Mets have some of that they're willing to move, notably one Robert Allan Dickey. Am I proposing that Dickey / Trumbo is a fair trade? Likely not. I personally doubt either team would be willing to make that trade straight-up. That said, this is all speculation here. so let's pretend, for a moment, that Alderson pulls that trigger. The next question is, what does that do for the Mets?
Well, let's take a look:
On offense, Trumbo would give the Mets two things they lack: a right handed outfielder, and a legitimate power bat (for the record, ESPN's park factors consider Angel Stadium less hitter-friendly than Citi Field). The effects of this extend throughout the lineup. Were no other moves to be made, the opening day lineup would likely be:
Tejada 6
Murphy 4
Wright 5
Davis 3
Trumbo 7
Baxter 9
Nieuwenhuis 8
Thole 2
While that's not a lineup that would blow you away, there is a solid 80-100 home runs in the 3-5 spots. It also allows them to push players like Kirk Nieuwenhuis and Josh Thole further down the lineup. What it also does, is it allows the Mets to spend money on a right-handed outfielder to platoon in center or right. Someone like, say, Scott Hairston. Having a viable everyday left fielder would allow the Mets to best utilize Hairston's ability to “mash lefties” by platooning him with Nieuwenhuis and/or Mike Baxter.
Career OPS vs RHP vs LHP Hairston 0.739 0.867 Nieuwenhuis 0.740 0.515 Baxter 0.810 0.295
[Fun fact: In 2012, Scott Hairston and Mike Baxter's combined platoon splits produced an OPS of 0.842 — exactly the same as ex-Met Carlos Beltran!]
Were the Mets to resign Hairston, that would then produce a lineup of:
Tejada
Murphy
Wright
Davis
Trumbo
Baxston (Baxter / Hairston)
Nieuwenhuis
Thole
in which the 3-6 hitters could all post an OPS above .800 (by comparison, only Wright and Hairston had an OPS exceeding .800 in 2012). It also provides flexibility in the lineup, as the Mets would effectively have 2 right-handed bats, a left-handed bat, and a switch hitter, all of whom able to hit for power, in the middle of their lineup.Beyond that, Trumbo's ability to play first base effectively makes a player like Lucas Duda expendable. While he's not guaranteed to fetch a bounty, Duda's power potential could make him attractive to a team like the Houston Astros, who have no likely designated hitter now that they've joined the American League West. With some savvy, Duda could possibly be the centerpiece in a package for a Houston reliever like Wilton Lopez. Though adding one quality reliever won't turn the bullpen around, it could at least make them less of a liability. The Mets already have quality bullpen arms in Bobby Parnell, Jeremy Hefner and Josh Edgin, and others with potential like Jeurys Familia and Robert Carson. Such a group could make a strong push at league-average, and in the best case scenario could be on the lower end of the upper half.Though the rotation would be weakened by Dickey's loss, they would still have four strong starting pitchers in Johan Santana, Jonathon Niese, Matt Harvey, and Dillon Gee. Though the Mets are averse to rushing top prospect Zack Wheeler, they do have a group of capable stop-gap starters in Hefner, Jenrry Mejia and Collin McHugh, the latter two of whom carry more than a glimmer of upside.
In short, though the trade is unlikely, and though it involves trading away the reigning Cy Young winner, acquiring Mark Trumbo would be exactly the type of impact move Sandy Alderson has discussed making. By adding a young impact bat in the outfield, it allows the Mets to make minor moves to shore up the roster behind their cornerstone players. By adding a strength, they could also close one or two other weaknesses. And those are the ripple effects that allow teams to take the next step.
When Mykicia Lovelace saw three women chasing another woman near the Piggly Wiggly grocery store on Highway 11, she stopped to see what was happening and witnessed a heroic moment.
Realizing that the three women were chasing the woman because she had stolen an elderly woman's purse, Lovelace started to take video.
Lacy L Lanciloti, 27, of Kenosha, is facing charges of robbery with use of force and retail theft by the Racine County District Attorney's Office, according to court records.
“The elderly woman gave chase and was unable to catch her and that's when the community stepped in to help her out,” Lovelace said.
According to witnesses, Lanciloti had taken the woman's purse after she offered to help load her groceries into her car.
Once the three women chased Lanciloti down, they got the woman's purse back. But more people jumped into help as she tried to leave the scene. At one point, a woman sat on the roof of Lanciloti's car to keep her from leaving, a man pulled up in his truck and took her car keys away from her. Then more people started parking their cars around her so that she couldn't leave and others tended to the elderly woman.
An argument ensued between the man that took her car keys, a woman and Lanciloti. She balled up her fists as if she were going to hit the woman, but she punched Lanciloti in the face and she decided to stay put.
“Obviously I was (expletive) that she (Lanciloti) had the audacity to try and harm the elders of this community,” Lovelace said. “Then I was ecstatic that the young ladies… sprang into action and performed a citizen's arrest.”
The elderly woman, who was reportedly in her 90s, was kept safe and Racine Police arrested Lanciloti, who is now being held in the Racine County Jail.
MIAMI (Reuters) - Tropical Storm Andrea strengthened slightly just before making landfall in Florida on Thursday and was forecast to drench much of the U.S. Southeast with heavy rain as it cuts across Georgia and up the Atlantic coast, the National Hurricane Center said.
Workers inspect their boats near the Sunshine Skyway bridge during a squall as wind and rain from Tropical Storm Andrea hit the Florida coast near St. Petersburg, Florida June 6, 2013. Tropical Storm Andrea pelted Florida's northern Gulf Coast on Thursday and was forecast to drench much of the U.S. Southeast as it cuts across Georgia and up the Atlantic coast, the National Hurricane Center said. REUTERS/Steve Nesius
The season's first Atlantic tropical storm had already spawned tornadoes in Florida and threatened to fuel more twisters on Thursday night, after making landfall over the Big Bend area, where the Florida peninsula joins the mainland.
By late Thursday afternoon, Andrea was packing top sustained winds near 65 miles per hour and it was expected to weaken after landfall, as it cuts a soggy path across the peninsula into the Atlantic, the Miami-based National Hurricane Center said.
It said the winds extended outward up to 140 miles from the storm's center.
Andrea will likely remain a tropical storm for a day or two, hugging the shore and bringing heavy rain and gales to Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina, said Jack Beven, a hurricane specialist at the National Hurricane Center.
“It might be just inland and it might be just a little off shore,” Beven said. “It's going to be a weather-maker” as it moves north up the East Coast.
On Saturday, Andrea was expected to merge with a frontal system and morph into a Nor'easter as it moved over the northeastern U.S. coast and Nova Scotia.
Andrea posed no threat to U.S. energy interests in the Gulf of Mexico.
Tropical storm warnings were in effect for much of Florida's Gulf Coast and for the U.S. Atlantic Coast from northern Florida to Virginia, including the lower Chesapeake Bay.
The storm's outer bands buffeted Florida's west coast beginning early on Thursday and multiple tornadoes touched down across the state, including one that ripped a roof off a restaurant in Gulfport.
Another damaged several houses in the Acreage and Loxahatchee communities in Palm Beach County and sent a tree crashing through the roof of a house, injuring a woman inside.
“We had one that was hopping and skipping around in extreme western Broward and Palm Beach County,” said Bob Ebaugh, a specialist at the National Weather Service in Miami. “As far as we know it was out over unpopulated areas but it did touch down several times.”
The Sunshine Skyway Bridge over Tampa Bay was closed due to high winds and several Tampa-area high schools had to move their graduation ceremonies indoors because of heavy downpours.
Florida could get up to 6 inches of rain, while coastal areas along part of the Gulf of Mexico could see a storm surge, the forecasters said.
There were scattered power outages in the state, with at least 3,700 customers losing service.
Slideshow (10 Images)
The Atlantic hurricane season runs from June 1 to November 30.
The U.S. government's top climate agency warned in an annual forecast last month that this year's season could be “extremely active” with 13 to 20 tropical storms, seven to 11 of which are expected to become hurricanes.
Three of the six hurricanes could become major at Category 3 or above, with winds of more than 110 mph, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said.
This is likely long overdue but welcome to the first ever NXT Report here on Condo on the Moon. If you have listened to our podcast, you know how much I love NXT in fact who doesn't love NXT. It is a big weekend for the WWE's Developmental brand, as they will be appearing at the Arnold Classic on the weekend. This will be the first venture outside of Florida for NXT as a whole. A big step as Triple H has stated he wants to see NXT expand and tour doing some live events in the future going forward.A couple of notes on this new venture it will be spoiler free for the most part and follow what is going on with the product based on the most recent T.V. Any reference to future events are just speculation and is not based on info gather from spoilers.So, here are some thoughts based on this week's episode of NXT:We had a couple of squash matches featuring NXT Tag Team Champions Blake and Murphy who have flipped the script to being heels. They are being positioned to face the much-loved team of Enzo and Big Cass. Who cut a promo with Carmella declaring their intentions to become #1 Contender to the tag team titles. Not sure if it was Blake or Murphy, but one of them hit a pretty nice frog splash covering 3/4 of the ring to get the win.The other jobber match saw Baron Corbin squash some poor sap with The End of Days. The NXT crowd tried to do their counting gimmick but it appeared they were trying to kill that by has a long pause before Corbin and his prey locked up. Corbin has definitely had a noticeable drop in his buzz since his brutal match with Bull Dempsey. It was a horrible match and exposed Corbin for being not ready for prime time.Solomon Crowe had a match over the aforementioned Bull Dempsey and came out on top. I wasn't blown away with his in ring work but maybe Bull Dempsey just makes people look bad at the end of the day.Segments of note on this show included Bayley wishing Charlotte luck in here title match with Sasha. After which Emma came along and suggested to Bayley that acting nice was what got Emma back in NXT. Some might say it was a terrible pairing with Santino, a shoplifting incident at a Walmart and a general failure to get over but let's go with she was too nice for sake of storyline.Sami Zayn had a taped promo that he claimed was taped from his home in Montreal. He talked about not being mental right to compete right now. He stated he has yet to watch back the match he lost against Kevin Owens yet but will and promises to return to NXT. He also made mention of all the changes in the short time he has been gone. So it appears if Sami is going to the main roster he will at least have one more run of matches on NXT.Speaking of Kevin Owens, he was on the show again. At the start of the show, Alex Riley who Owens attacked last week was in Regal's office begging for a match with Owens. Regal stated that he could not be a commentator and competitor in NXT. Later in the night, Kevin Owen came out, starred at Riley, and eventually dumped water on his head. Jason Albert restrained Riley and Steen calmly walked away. Riley stormed into Regal's office as he was talking with C.J Parker. Riley said he wanted to wrestle and wanted Owens. Regal stated he needed to sign a talent contract and he would get to fight Owens but only when Regal deemed he was ready. C.J Parker chimed in stating he has been the only person that ever hurt Owens and Riley had no chance. This sets up Riley and Parker for next week.Alexa Bliss was back and stated she is ready to compete and looking for revenge against Sasha Banks regardless of if she retained her title or not. Banks apparently broke Alexa's nose and she has been out as a result. Don't remember that happening, but hey, its part of the story now.Divas always get a chance on NXT and that includes main eventing as Sasha defended her title against Charlotte. It was a great match that really showed off the flexibility of Charlotte. It also showed the growing aggression in Sasha Banks. Charlotte survived many submission attempts after stopping Banks from running out on the match and taking a count out loss but keeping the title. In the end, Banks would get a pinfall using the ropes for leverage keeping this feud alive if they choose to do so. Charlotte has been another name rumored to be heading to the main roster. Her not regaining the title adds fuel to that speculation.Last note on NXT mark your calendar as the week of Wrestlemania on Wednesday we will be getting Kevin Owens defending his title against Finn Balor. It should be an amazing match that likely will be better than many at Wrestlemania.So, that was your NXT Report look for this every Thursday going forward here in Condo on the Moon. Don't forget tomorrow night that we have the Condo on the Moon Podcast.
How often does stress trigger seizures?
It's hard to know exactly how often stress triggers seizures, since stress means something different to everyone. It's also hard to judge how much of an effect stress has on a person.
Stress comes in different forms and has a different meaning for everyone. It can come from a major life event or from more everyday activities that can potentially put us in a bad mood. Some studies have found that major life stressors, either good or bad, could affect seizures. Others have found that a build up of ‘daily hassles' or stress seems to be more important. Since people are very different, it's likely that stress can affect people in different ways at different times of their life.
VIDEO: Dr. Michael Privitera, MD talks about the relationship of stress and epilepsy, and an innovative new study to explore how stress reduction may also reduce seizures.
How does stress trigger seizures?
We aren't sure just why stress may trigger a seizure. Stress is an expected and unavoidable part of life. It is our body's reaction to any change that requires a physical and emotional response. Stress is known to cause worry, depression, frustration and even anger. Stress may affect people in many ways. Consider the following:
Stress makes or releases certain hormones related to the nervous system that can impact the brain.
Areas of the brain important for some types of seizures, for example partial seizures, are the same areas of the brain involved in emotions and responding to stress.
Stress can cause problems sleeping which is also a seizure trigger.
Chronic stress can lead to anxiety or depression. Sleep problems are symptoms of these mood problems. Being anxious and depressed can also worsen stress, causing a vicious cycle with more seizures and mood problems.
What can I do to manage stress and prevent seizures?
While there is no definite evidence that reducing stress help seizures, a recent study showed that nearly 9 in 10 people who actively managed their stress believed it reduced their risk of seizures. Common sense tells us that if something is bothering you, see what you can do to avoid it or make it better.
Managing stress is very personal and specific to your situation; however, there are some universal activities and recommendations.
You don't have to be a psychic medium to get in touch with deceased loved ones. In fact, passed souls will always reach out to us in times of need or longing. They can come with important messages or just to simply give you their reassuring presence and let you know everything is o.k. Usually though, we tend to overlook these phenomenal events as an overactive imagination and classify it in our minds as grief processing. But if we could all raise our awareness a little bit more, we might just find comfort in knowing that we are never alone.
5. They Appear in Your Dreams
A vivid dream of a deceased loved one is classified as a lucid dream or vision. This is because of the potency of the dream. Quite often these are so intense that they wake you up in the middle of night filled with emotion. You may even be consciously aware of the fact that you are dreaming and not even realize it.
4. You Feel Their Touch
Most commonly felt shortly after a loved one passing, the sensation of being caressed softly, either on the back or the hand is a clear sign of comfort from the deceased. Others may also just feel, that they are not alone and sense the presence of someone else in the room.
3. Unexplainable Phenomenon
It is not uncommon for passed spirits to affect electrical components in the home. You may find burnt out light bulbs more often, or other devices starting to go haywire for no other apparent reason. Think about it, if you were on the other side… wouldn't you?
2. Hiding or Appearing Objects
There have been many accounts of the deceased “stealing” things from the home only to later have them appear in the most random of places. It may feel as though you have lost your mind, but don't worry they are just trying to get your attention! And apparently you
are not listening. On the opposite, you may also find that you have lost something that is really important and when you begin stressing out about it.. suddenly it appears in the strangest place, easy for you to find and you could have sworn that you just looked there.
1. You Smell Them
Our sense of smell is the strongest of our senses and just one whiff can bring back a thousand memories.
The most common accounts of fragrances are the smell of cigarette tobacco or cigars while no one in the smokes, perfume and flowers.
Interesting Story:
My 3-year-old daughter (at the time) came into the room one afternoon. She was playing with her kitchen set downstairs. In her hands she held a plastic plate, plastic food and a spoon. I asked her if she was making herself lunch and she told me “yes but I have to go get more for Bill, I'll be right back”. (I thought this was a funny thing to say).
She came back up from downstairs with another plate and so I asked her “who's Bill?”. She looked at me and told me with a completely straight face “he's sitting at the kitchen table”. My mind quickly raced to try to figure out what she was talking about… until I realized. Bill was our old neighbour he was in his early 90's when I last saw him and Bill passed away 2 years ago. She would have been 1 years old at the time of his death.
by LJ Vanier
Thanks to Paul Somers for the following WWE SmackDown tapings from tonight's tapings in Cincinnati, Ohio:
* SmackDown opens with Triple H and Seth Rollins coming to the ring to the Evolution music. Rollins is still wearing his gear. Fans boo Rollins and call him a sell out. Triple H says he told us he wins. Rollins takes the mic and our correspondent says he seems cockier than usual but a little hesitant. Rollins gets a lot of heel heat here but says only he knows why he turned on The Shield. Dolph Ziggler interrupts to a pop. Ziggler calls Rollins a sell out and Triple H seems amused by Ziggler coming out. Triple H announces Rollins vs. Ziggler tonight and Rollins looks at him like he wasn't expecting that.
* Seth Rollins defeated Dolph Ziggler in a solid back and forth match.
* Big Show walks up on Rollins and Triple H backstage, calling Rollins a sell out. Triple H announces Show vs. Randy Orton for later tonight.
* The Usos defeated Ryback and Curtis Axel in a non-title match.
* Rusev squashed Xavier Woods. Rusev now has a huge Russian flag that hangs down above the ring.
* Rob Van Dam vs. Bad News Barrett vs. Cesaro is up next. Paul Heyman is on commentary. Barrett gets the win in a good match that barely went 10 minutes.
* Bray Wyatt appears on the big screen and cuts a promo about losing at Payback. He says Sister Abigail warned him all this would happen.
* Natalya defeated Alicia Fox. Alicia threw a fit after the match at ringside, tearing up the announcement table and threatening the announcers, including Lilian Garcia.
* Bo Dallas defeated Santino Marella. Emma was at ringside.
* Randy Orton vs. Big Show is up next. The match ends when Seth Rollins attacks Big Show. Rollins and Orton beat Big Show up. SmackDown ends with them posing.
The Associated Press, fresh off explaining a deleted tweet about what the Fresno shooting suspect said before replacing it with another inaccurate take, tried to do a little real-time fact-checking of President Trump's statement after a shooting in Paris today:
Trump calls Paris shooting "terrorist attack," Paris police have not yet announced motive. https://t.co/G1VksRptk6 — The Associated Press (@AP) April 20, 2017
Does the AP really want to start going there again?
@AP It's not a terrorist attack until the media does everything they can possibly do to frame as something else. #parishttps://t.co/dPk0xDEl3a — 365conservative (@365conservative) April 20, 2017
@AP Attaboy, @ap, way to set things straight! Why would he say it's terrorism? Other than the police said so and suspect was known to them. — Carl Gustav (@CaptYonah) April 20, 2017
@AP He is right of course , it is a terrorist attack it is not hard to come to this conclusion — Özgür Akayoğlu (@OzgurAkayoglu) April 20, 2017
Any word if he shouted "Glory to God…God is great" before being killed?#APQuotes https://t.co/yD6IE3kawz — C00P (@C00P_33) April 20, 2017
The AP should have waited a few minutes for the AP's reports that show Trump wasn't wrong:
BREAKING: French prosecutors have opened a terrorism investigation into the Champs-Elysees attack on Paris police officers. — The Associated Press (@AP) April 20, 2017
BREAKING: Officials say the suspect in the attack on Paris police officers previously was flagged as an extremist. — The Associated Press (@AP) April 20, 2017
BREAKING: French President Francois Hollande says he is convinced the circumstances of the Paris shooting points to terrorist act. — The Associated Press (@AP) April 20, 2017
BREAKING: The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack that killed a Paris police officer. — The Associated Press (@AP) April 20, 2017
Somebody at the AP's having a bad week in the real world.
by CYRYL JAKUBOWSKI
Several Northwest Side aldermen voted against the ban on the use of plastic bags in retail stores, but the City Council approved the ordinance by a 36-10 vote at its meeting April 30.
The ordinance will ban the use of plastic bags at chains with three or more stores owned by a common ownership or at any store that is part of a franchise. Restaurants and smaller stores will still be allowed to provide plastic bags.
The ban is expected to take effect on Aug. 1, 2015, for stores with an area that exceeds 10,000 square feet and on Aug. 1, 2016, for stores with an area that is less than 10,000 square feet.
Fines will range from $300 to $500 for stores that continue to use plastic bags and from $100 to $300 for stores that do not provide reusable bags, recyclable paper bags or compostable plastic bags.
Stores will be able to charge fees for the use of paper bags, and they will be required to establish in-store recycling programs and to file annual reports. Most large chain stores already have in-store recycling programs.
Alderman John Arena (45th) said that he supports the ban and that he has worked with the one of the bill's sponsors, Alderman Joe Moreno (1st).
The purpose of the ordinance is to reduce the toxicity of materials in the solid waste stream because plastic bags are not biodegradable and they break down into small bits that contaminate soil and waterways and enter into the food supply of land and marine life.
Arena said that production of plastic bags also uses millions of barrels of oil per year, which he said has a significant effect on the environment. "The sheer number of bags that are out there means that we need to do something to save the environment," he said.
"It's a modern environmental issue," Arena said. "Other countries and states have taken similar steps, and it will foster innovation so that we have a more innovative product. There are better products out there and there are better options out there that are available to consumers."
"We have a very abysmal plastic bag recycling program, and I've spoken to many managers of these big stores who say that they collect the bags but that at the end of the day they just throw them away," Arena said.
However, several Northwest Side aldermen voted against the ordinance.
Alderman Timothy Cullerton (38th) initially said that most residents of his ward do not support a plastic bag ban, but after talking to more constituents, he changed his mind and voted in favor of the ordinance.
"I would prefer to take a look at it to see if we can do something about recycling them better instead of rushing through this," Cullerton said last week. "A lot of people use them. Dog lovers really like them."
"I don't see that many plastic bags blowing in the wind in my ward," Cullerton said. "I see way more McDonald's wrappers and other things."
Cullerton said that the ban would affect jobs and bring grocery costs up. "I just don't think it's the right thing to do," he said. "People will continue to get their bags from somewhere. If not in the city, then the suburbs."
However, Cullerton said that his position has changed since last week. He said he posted a comment online that said that most ward residents he spoke to opposed the ban but that most of the responses to the comment were in favor of the ban.
"They amended the ordinance, and I think even IRMA (Illinois Retailer Merchants Association) had softened their stance," Cullerton said. "I think we all realized that this would pass.
"It's not a perfect solution, and some people will be upset about the bags, but I think we can learn to use reusable bags. You've got to pick your battles, and I realized that voting no wouldn't accomplish anything."
Alderman Nicholas Sposato (36th) also said that he would vote against the measure. "Frankly, a lot of people think that this is a stupid ordinance and instead of dealing with major problems like pensions and crime, we bring this up," Sposato said.
Sposato said the ban would place a burden on businesses that will result in a "hidden tax" on consumers in the form of either raised food prices or costs for alternative bags.
"In the committee, and I'm not kidding, they said that it costs $3,000 to remove a bag from a tree," Sposato said. "I don't see that many bags in the trees in my ward either. I drove down Harlem Avenue looking for bags because sometimes you miss it. (I saw) maybe one bag."
Alderman Mary O'Connor (41st) said that she would not support the ordinance because her ward has many surrounding suburbs that compete for business and she does not want to give residents any more reasons to go outside the city to shop.
"Ultimately I think the cost will be passed onto the consumer," O'Connor said. "If it was statewide or countywide, then maybe I would take a look at it, but right now I don't think that this is the right thing to do."
"They did make some amendments to the original ordinance, but I think retailers like Walgreens, 7-Eleven, CVS or Jewel will be hit by this thing," O'Connor said, adding that she also has not seen plastic bags litter her ward. "It was more soda cans, candy wrappers and other garbage," she said.
Other Northwest Side aldermen who voted against the ordinance were aldermen Deborah Mitts (29th) and Ariel Reboyras (30th).
Alderman Margaret Laurino (39th) said that she voted for the ban because the ordinance gives smaller stores until 2016 to comply and that small mom-and-pop shops are exempt from the ban.
"I suspected that there would be enough support in the council and the votes are there," Laurino said. Laurino said that she had a small number of calls from people who opposed the ordinance, but said that big chain stores like Costco or Aldi already don't provide plastic bags, but boxes or other options and people know how to deal with it.
"This won't fully take effect until 2016 so I think people have time to adjust," Laurino said.
Laurino said that she supported an ordinance a few years ago that required big stores to provide in-store recycling and bag collection. "All stores had to have containers where people could come in with their plastics bags."
Alderman Deborah Mell (33rd) said that she had received calls from constituents on both sides of the issue, but she decided to vote for it.
"It's the new economy and I think that we as a city have to be on the forefront to get rid of these bags," Mell said. "What was interesting to me was that it wasn't so much people being angry about not getting the bags at the stores, but about what they would use to clean up after their dogs."
Mell said that there is proof "out there that it doesn't harm business" and that the bans help save money on recycling costs.
A study conducted last year by the National Center for Policy Analysis examined several bag bans that were passed in recent years, including in San Francisco, Los Angeles, Washington, D.C., and Austin, Texas, and found that there was no evidence of a reduction in costs that were attributable to the reduced use of plastics bags.
The study found that advocates who support the bans often have given a number of justifications for placing restrictions on consumers' use of carry-out plastic bags such as scarce resources used to create the bags, environmental harm when they are disposed of improperly, roadside litter and the cost of disposing or recycling them. The study conducted a cost analysis of the bans and found that the bans do not have a meaningful impact.
San Francisco, which became the first U.S. city to ban bags in 2007, amended the law in 2012 to include all retail stores and food establishments and added a 10-cent charge on all paper and reusable bags.
The study found that bag disposal and lost revenue cost the city and recycling contractors 17 cents per bag, or $8.49 million per year. However, that lumped paper bags and plastic bags together, which resulted in the cost increase because paper bags are six times heavier and take up 10 times more space in a landfill.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has found that plastic bags account for less than 0.5 percent of the waste stream and are completely recyclable, according to the study. According to the American Chemistry Council, the use of paper bags doubles the amount of carbon dioxide in the air versus the use of plastic bags.
However, Arena said that oil companies that produce plastic bags would argue that the ordinance would not have a big environmental impact.
"They will argue that plastic is good and degradable, but it just degrades into smaller plastic," Arena said. "In reality, plastic is an eternal product. This offers us a chance to change consumer behavior so that people can make better choices."
U.S. Appeals Court Grants Mexican Trans Woman Asylum
In a historic decision for undocumented transgender asylum-seekers and rape survivors with felony convictions, a federal appeals court has granted a Mexican trans woman asylum in the U.S.
In a landmark decision for the human rights of undocumented, transgender asylum-seekers with felony records, a three-judge panel of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals declared Thursday that Edin Carey Avendano-Hernandez, an undocumented trans woman from Mexico, must be granted the right to stay in the United States because she will “more likely than not” be tortured if she is returned to her home country.
In Edin Carey Avendano-Hernandez v. Loretta E. Lynch, Judge Jacqueline Nguyen lambasted U.S. immigration officials for their transphobic treatment of Avandano-Hernandez. Nguyen was the first Vietnamese-American woman ever appointed to the Los Angeles County Superior Court and the first Vietnamese-American federal judge appointed by President Obama, in 2009. Earlier, the Board of Immigration Appeals rejected Avendano-Hernandez's immigration request on the grounds that her felony drunk driving conviction invalidated her appeal for humanitarian asylum.
Avendano-Hernandez came to the United States as an undocumented worker in 2000, after claiming to have been raped and assaulted by her relatives, according to Mexico's El Universal newspaper. She began hormone therapy and presenting as the woman she knows herself to be in 2005. A year later, after driving drunk on two occasions and injuring two individuals in a crash, she was given a felony conviction for drunk driving, and served one year in jail. In 2007 she was deported to Mexico.
After suffering more mistreatment in Mexico, Avendano-Hernandez returned to the U.S. and appealed for asylum under the protections afforded disenfranchised refugees in the United Nations Convention Against Torture.
The three-judge panel's ruling in the case calls out the transphobia of the immigration judge who initially considered Avendano-Hernandez's plea for asylum, maintaining that the judge “failed to recognize the difference between gender identity and sexual orientation, refusing to allow the use of female pronouns because she considered Avendano-Hernandez to be ‘still male,' even though Avendano-Hernandez dresses as a woman, takes female hormones, and has identified as woman for over a decade."
The decision also criticizes immigration officials: “Although the [Board of Immigration Appeals] correctly used female pronouns for Avendano-Hernandez, it wrongly adopted the [judge's] analysis, which conflated transgender identity and sexual orientation. The BIA also erred in assuming that recent anti-discrimination laws in Mexico have made life safer for transgender individuals while ignoring significant record evidence of violence targeting them.”
Writing for the three-judge panel, Nguyen notably identifies the rape and sexual assault of transgender individuals as a form of torture.
While some may argue that Avendano-Hernandez's felony conviction should invalidate her right to seek asylum, the court's recognition of systemic violence and discrimination against transgender individuals points to the reality that more than 50 percent of transgender women and men suffer from anxiety and depression, according to a study by the Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology, and a quarter of transgender individuals are estimated to suffer from alcohol and substance abuse.
A Truro parent whose daughter is facing the cancellation of an international school trip wants to know why Nova Scotia teachers are allowed to travel to out-of-province conferences during work-to-rule, but can't chaperone trips planned before the job action began.
"It makes me wonder why I have to lose my money and the teachers don't have to," Rob Landry told CBC's Maritime Noon.
Landry said he paid about $4,000 for his daughter to go to Spain for 10 days in March, with other students from the Cobequid Educational Centre. He wonders why teachers won't be allowed to escort the students as planned.
"It's kind of hard to swallow when I've paid money prior to this work-to-rule situation," he said.
Earlier this week, CBC News revealed some teachers travelled to education conferences in Hawaii in January, despite work-to-rule standards limiting the events teachers are required to attend and supervise.
Union statement
The Nova Scotia Teachers Union gave the OK for 163 of its members to attend more than a dozen conferences over a three-month period. The expenses were approved and booked before teachers began work-to-rule job action on Dec. 5.
In a statement released Friday, the union said school boards made it known to teachers they have the right to professional development, attend approved conferences and be reimbursed.
"This does not change even if the approved PD activity turns out to fall within a 'work-to-rule' or 'full strike,'" the statement said.
"As long as the teacher actually does attend and fully participate in the preapproved PD activity, the previous commitment to reimbursement will be honored."
'It's kind of hard to swallow'
Landry said his daughter's trip to Spain was arranged last year through EF Educational Tours. If it's cancelled, Landry stands to lose about half of what he's paid because the insurance company doesn't recognize work-to-rule as a cause for cancellation.
Landry says the insurance company told him of a similar work-to-rule situation in Ontario. A parent was brought in to substitute the teacher on the trip. He says he hopes it won't come to that in Nova Scotia.
"My daughter was crazily excited to go to Spain. Who wouldn't be?" he said.
"I'm hoping [the union] can say, 'You know what, we understand the situation that you're in, you paid for this, it was set up last year. We'll relax our work-to-rule-standards to allow these trips to occur, so that the parents aren't financially burdened.'"
The Nova Scotia Teachers Union sent a memo to its members on Friday saying talks are scheduled for the weekend. Both sides met with a conciliator for three days this week. (CBC)
Premier Stephen McNeil said Friday he's heard from parents across the province with concerns about trips and sporting events being cancelled or postponed.
"Whether I have a contract or not, I can't force people to coach, or can't force people to do stuff over and beyond what their contract says," McNeil said.
He said negotiations are ongoing. Talks are scheduled to continue over the weekend.
"All of us — teachers, parents, individuals and communities — recognize that the extra curricular activities of education are an important part of the development of our young people and children. It's also part of what builds the community spirit in schools," McNeil said.
Education Minister Karen Casey has questioned the priorities of Nova Scotia teachers after educators travelled to Hawaii on their own time during a contract dispute to attend a conference paid for, in part, by taxpayers. (CBC)
On Thursday, Education Minister Karen Casey suggested teachers who had booked their travel and could be out of pocket by cancelling their trips were putting their interests ahead of the needs of students.
Talks to continue this weekend
The two sides met for three days this week, with a conciliator.
Under work-to-rule, teachers are required to do their jobs exactly as outlined by the contract, meaning they no longer organize after-school events such as plays, concerts or sports.
Their contract expired in July 2015.
Hugh Syme got his first sleeve commission from Rush in 1975, after the group's record label noticed a cover he'd designed for the Ian Thomas Band.
That first job, on 1975's Caress Of Steel started a friendship between Syme and the band that saw the designer inducted into the line-up as keyboard player on the following year's 2112 album. Indeed it is Syme who plays piano on Different Strings on Permanent Waves, although his defining contribution to Rush's breakthrough album remains the cover he devised with drummer Neil Peart.
“We spoke all evening about Rush growing up, and how we were going to do these ECG [electrocardiogram] readers of each member as they were recording. So Permanent Waves was going to be a technical statement. And we were going to treat that with red and gold foil and do a nice study in design, as opposed to a photographic thing.”
“I walked out,” he continues, “and in the doorway said: ‘Wait, let's try something with a [model] walking out of a tidal wave situation. Neil gave me this blank look and said: ‘Get out of here'. But the following day, he asked me to consider doing just that, because he'd discussed it with the band and they'd all thought it was more likely for a cover than the serious approach.”
Alongside its central image of a knicker-flashing glamourpuss in the path of a tidal wave, the resulting cover was awash with reference points. ‘Peart', ‘Lee' and ‘Lifeson' [nods to the drummer, frontman Geddy and guitarist Alex] are just visible on signposts in the distances. The waves, both in the model's hair and the tsunami – were obvious visual allusions to the album title.
“Coca-Cola asked that we strip out their billboard,” recalls Syme of one visual reference that didn't make the cut, “because it was too close to a cotton-clad mons pubis.”
Another bone of contention was the Chicago Daily Tribune newspaper in the foreground of the sleeve. Originally showing the infamous front page from 1948 (when the paper wrongly reported the result of the US presidential election as ‘Dewey Defeats Truman'), the threat of legal action resulted in the headline being obscured on all but the earliest pressings of the album.
MADISON, Wisc. — A federal judge has again struck down a 60-year-old law that allows pastors in the nation an exemption from paying taxes on their housing allowance.
“[A]ny reasonable observer would conclude that the purpose and effect of § 107(2) is to provide financial assistance to one group of religious employees without any consideration to the secular employees who are similarly situated to ministers. Under current law, that type of provision violates the Establishment Clause,” wrote U.S. District Court Judge Barbara Crabb, appointed by Jimmy Carter.
As previously reported, the Wisconsin-based Freedom From Religion Foundation (FFRF) had first filed suit in August 2012 to challenge the 1954 “parish exemption” granted by Congress.
“In the case of a minister of the gospel, gross income does not include (1) the rental value of a home furnished to him as part of his compensation; or (2) the rental allowance paid to him as part of his compensation, to the extent used by him to rent or provide a home and to the extent such allowance does not exceed the fair rental value of the home, including furnishings and appurtenances such as a garage, plus the cost of utilities,” the pertinent statute states.
U.S. Representative Peter Mack, who introduced the legislation, was said to have introduced the law in order to reward ministers for working to fight against wickedness in the land.
“Certainly, in these times when we are being threatened by a godless and anti-religious world movement we should correct this discrimination against certain ministers of the gospel who are carrying on such a courageous fight against this foe,” he stated. “Certainly this is not too much to do for these people who are caring for our spiritual welfare.”
FFRF asserted that the tax exemption violated the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment and the equal protection provision of the Fourteenth Amendment. The organization claimed that it was unfair for clergy to receive the tax break while others, such as the founders of FFRF, must pay taxes on their housing allowance.
Connect with Christian News
Follow @4christiannews
“[I]t is pure discrimination to deny atheist leaders the housing allowance privileges given to clergy as a reward for fighting ‘godless foe,'” co-founder Annie Laurie Gaylor stated.
In November 2013, Crabb agreed with FFRF, declaring section 2 of the tax code unconstitutional.
“Because a primary function of a ‘minister of the gospel' is to disseminate a religious message, a tax exemption provided only to ministers results in preferential treatment for religious messages over secular ones,” she wrote.
However, the following year, the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago reversed Crabb's ruling, opining that FFRF had no standing in the matter. FFRF suffered no personal injury, the court said, because it has never sought to obtain the exemption and therefore cannot show that it had been denied under the law.
“The plaintiffs were never denied the parsonage exemption because they never asked for it, ” the three-judge panel stated. “Without a request, there can be no denial. And absent any personal denial of a benefit, the plaintiff s' claim amounts to nothing more than a generalized grievance about §107(2)'s unconstitutionality, which does not support standing.”
Therefore, FFRF applied for the exemption, and refiled the suit in April 2017 after being denied. Named in the lawsuit were U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin and IRS Commissioner John Koskinen.
“Although defendants try to characterize § 107(2) as an effort by Congress to treat ministers fairly and avoid religious entanglement, the plain language of the statute, its legislative history and its operation in practice all demonstrate a preference for ministers over secular employees,” Crabb ruled again on Friday.
“Ministers receive a unique benefit under § 107(2); it is not, as defendants suggest, part of a larger effort by Congress to provide assistance to employees with special housing needs. A desire to alleviate financial hardship on taxpayers is a legitimate purpose, but it is not a secular purpose when Congress eliminates the burden for a group made up of solely religious employees but maintains it for nearly everyone else,” she said.
In addition to concluding that it is unfair to only benefit pastors, Crabb also stated that that the law can be problematic because it is not limited to ministers with lower incomes, but wealthy prosperity preachers can still live in multi-million dollar homes tax-free.
“Thus, an evangelist with a multi-million dollar home is entitled under § 107(2) to deduct the entire rental value of that home, even if it is not used for church purposes,” Crabb outlined, pointing to a quote from an article by Adam Chodorow, who noted that “Joel Osteen lives in a $10.5 million home and is entitled to exclude the fair rental value of that home so long as he spends that money on the home and his church allocates that amount to housing.”
“If Congress were concerned about lessening the tax burden on poor Americans, it could have tied the exemption to income and made it generally available to any employee who qualified rather than to all ministers who receive a housing allowance,” she contended.
It is not yet known whether the government plans to appeal.
India's billion plus customers are in the sights of internet giant Google who are reportedly set to release a mobile payment service in the country.
Digital payment platforms can earn money in a number of ways as operators skim percentages from transactions costs, charge to advertise seller products or earn interest on cash held in escrow.
Indian news site 'The Ken' has said that "Google Tez" is set to be released as an app that supports other consumer payment services and will also link to a government backed payment system called UPI.
'Tez' which means fast in India could be in place as soon as next week, according to the report.
Various local media have reported a press conference invite sent out by Google India which said the tech giant would, on Monday September 18, announce, "the launch of a new product developed grounds-up for India."
Google has had limited success with its mobile payment systems. Two years ago the company launched Android Pay following the failure of its earlier product Google Wallet. Most mobile phone users in India favor the Android operating system.
(Note: we're using "reduce" strictly in the computer science sense in this article, lest anyone be confused.)
Flux is awesome but there are still numerous open questions. One of the toughest, which everyone has to face sooner or later is: where do API calls belong?
I am not really sure whether anybody has found a proper answer to this. Flux is agnostic: as long as your API call dispatches a new action, you are doing it "right".
I remember when I'm first starting using Flux, I tended to put all my API calls in Stores because this seemed most natural to me. However, after spending some time reading articles and tweets, I found that most people prefer putting the code in Action Creators. I have never been a fan of this approach. I can't shake the idea that domain logic belongs in a single place, namely the Store.
Meet Reducer, please
Lately, two concepts have taken the Flux community by storm: Atomic Flux and Reducers. If you don't know anything about Reducers, stop now and read my previous article first. The idea has been heavily popularized by Dan Abramov's Flux implementation, Redux (though we are not even sure yet if we should be calling it Flux).
I really love the idea of keeping the application state in single Atom, as well as Stores being just functions that reduce Actions to State. However, reduce in functional terms has one important requirement: the Reducer must be pure and can't have any side effects.
This is more than just semantics. If you make your Reducers pure, this has many benefits. It's pretty easy to log every action, and you will basically get features like replay and undo/redo for free. Also, when every Reducer is pure, it enables a killer feature that wasn't really possible in original Flux implementation: hot-reloading of Reducers. Dan Abramov was a pioneer in this area and it's one reason why Redux is so popular.
Let's say you are implementing a to-do list app. When the user clicks on a to-do item, it removes the item from the list. However, after you implement this, you change your mind and decide to leave that item in the list and turn it red. With hot reloading of Reducers, you don't need to hit the refresh button and add those to-dos again. You just change your implementation and all the removed items suddenly appear again in the list. In my view this is great developer experience.
Also, just imagine how awesome it is to test pure functions. There are no external dependencies and no mocking. You just need to prepare some data, call the function and expect some result.
So far, so good. Everybody is super-excited, right? It always looks so simple in some demo app. I still remember the first time I saw Facebook's Flux chat example showing how to use waitFor . In my opinion this is one of the worst examples I have ever seen. The use case in this particular example is really artificial and does not really show why waitFor is needed.
Unfortunately pure Reducers have the same problem. They sound really cool, but when it comes to real-world use cases, you discover pretty quickly that it's basically impossible to have Reducers without side effects. API calls, logging, caching, routing, local storage... any time your app interacts with the world there is potentially a side effect. However, these side effects are inevitably tied to your application's logic, which ideally should be in one place.
It's also important to recognize that in most cases we need application state to parametrize the side effect. For example, we might want to send an API call to get a list of items parametrized by page. And what about testing? We definitely want to test that we are calling the right API endpoint with the right parameters.
It's sad, but I would rather give up all the killer features of pure Reducers like hot-reloading just to have my domain logic in one place and easily testable. I have found that keeping API calls in Reducers has such strong advantages in terms of maintainability that it's not really worth putting them into Action Creators just to improve our DX.
Reducing state... and side effects
Ideally we would like to keep our side effects in Reducers while preserving their pureness.
This sounds like an oxymoron: if the Reducers have side effects then by definition they are not pure. However there is a way: reduce both state and side effects.
Potentially, API calls can be expressed as an Event or Action with some payload. This doesn't apply only to API calls but to any side effect in general. We can thus describe a Reducer as follows:
reduction = actions.reduce((reduction, action) => reduction, initialReduction)
...where reduction is {state, List<Effects>} . In other words, instead of reducing only application state, we reduce a pair of application state and a list of Effects. Once all the reducers are processed, we can have Effect Handlers that take each Effect (composed of type and payload) as input and produce a side effect that potentially dispatches another action.
For example, our action might include an Effect that retrieves a list of to-dos from the server asynchronously. Our Reducer would still be pure since it would just reduce the Effect into a list for later processing. Once the Reducers have done their job, the Effect Handler would pull that Effect out of the list, call the API and dispatch a new Action with the list of to-dos as its payload.
The cool thing is that we can simply ignore this step in replay process. We don't have to worry about the side effect of the first Action since the second Action (with the appropriate payload) is in the Action Log as well. That's right, we have recovered our beloved time travel!
Writing tests with this approach is also pretty straightforward: we can write tests as before. Because the reduction contains a list of effects, it's easy to check if handling an Action results in specific side effects with specific payloads. It sounds like we might have achieved our original goal: a pure Reducer capable of API calls and other side effects.
Some have argued that if you keep your API calls in Reducers/Stores, it is too easy to misuse the callback and directly mutate application state without dispatching a new Action. This is simply not possible with our approach, because the Reducer takes only the reduction and an Action as parameters. It's not even possible to do action chaining (say goodbye to the "Cannot dispatch in the middle of a dispatch" Exception) since it doesn't have access to the Dispatcher.
On the other hand, the Effect Handler has only the Effect itself and the Dispatcher as parameters, which means that direct state mutation is impossible there as well. This approach also prevents users from Flux worst practices such as treating an Action as a Command instead of an Event.
But enough reading, you might be keen to try out this approach on your own. Because I love coding as much as you do, I have prepared an example. By they way, the screencast above uses this boilerplate with a few minor modifications. Be aware: it's not a framework, it's just a fully hot-reloadable example of Atomic Flux with an innovative approach to handling side effects.
Police said Hammond allegedly tried to run the officer over before he fired, but his family disputes that deadly force was necessary, and an autopsy showed the shots came from the side, not from in front of or behind the vehicle.
"I hear them say he was feared for his life, but when you see where the gunshot wounds were in my son, it's hard to believe at that moment in time he was in fear for his life," Hammond's father, Paul Hammond, told NBC affiliate WYFF on Wednesday.
Tiller's attorney said in a statement Friday that the car was so close that Tiller had to "push off" the vehicle.
"In order to stop the continuing threat to himself and the general public, two shots were fired by Lieutenant Tiller in quick succession," the attorney, John Musetto, said in the statement.
There is police dash camera video of the incident, police said. The video has been turned over to the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division, which is investigating the shooting, Seneca Police Chief John Covington said.
Covington had previously refused to release the name of the officer by claiming that he was the victim of attempted murder. Covington said Tiller is a 10-year veteran of law enforcement and has been with the Seneca Police Department since 2010. He said Tiller has no record of disciplinary personnel actions with Seneca police.
Police said they found a small amount of marijuana in Hammond's car, and issued a summons to his passenger for simple possession of marijuana, according to police records.
Attorneys for the Hammond family criticized the use of deadly force during a stop for such a trivial charge, and compared it to other high-profile police shootings of black suspects. Zachary Hammond and the officer were both white.
"The central issue remains the same: As a society we need to curb the excessive and deadly force by our police departments in situations where such force is unwarranted," attorneys Eric Bland and Ronald L. Richter Jr. said in a statement.
Seneca is a small town of about 8,000 in the northwestern part of South Carolina.
Green says "there are people ready to invest" in Rangers
Former Rangers chief executive Charles Green has told BBC Sport he is close to raising up to £10m to invest in the Scottish Championship club.
Green left the Ibrox club last year following allegations about business dealings with former owner Craig Whyte.
Now Green claims he has investors ready to stabilise the club financially.
One of the interested parties is Soros Fund Management and it is believed the US-based group have held talks with a senior Rangers official.
Green at Rangers Bought club's assets in 2012 following administration Left club following allegations of dealings with Craig Whyte Took on role as chief executive Investigations cleared Green of wrongdoing Raised £22m through share issue in late 2012 Returned briefly to club as consultant
One fans group has already made its opposition clear to any involvement from Green.
The Union of Fans say they would call for a complete "boycott" if any fresh interest from Green was followed up.
"I've got a number of people ready to invest in Rangers," Green told the BBC.
"I've told people this is a great club and a great opportunity. It's one of the world's biggest brands in terms of football.
"I don't want to go back to Rangers, I left unhappy last year and know it wouldn't be right to go back. However, to see where the club is now is a disaster."
The news comes after the announcement earlier this week that Rangers are looking to raise £4m through a new share issue.
Rangers opened their season with a Challenge Cup win over Hibernian on Tuesday
That notice came after Rangers were unsuccessful in raising £10m from city investors.
A Green-led consortium bought Rangers' assets in 2012 - the same year the club was placed in the lowest tier of the Scottish league set-up following financial problems - and he held the post of chief executive until April 2013.
He returned briefly as a consultant and indicated in June that he was launching a new bid to take control of Rangers.
"Why Charles Green? I'm not applying to be the Messiah but I won't let the club continue to slide and become a laughing stock," explained Green.
"What I'm saying is if someone else can raise the money then great - if not, I'll do it.
It's a disjointed fan base and someone needs to stand up and say it how it is Charles Green on the Rangers support
"I've made loads of mistakes. I'm not saying I'm a good guy but I'm certainly not the worst guy," he added.
"I wouldn't be involved at executive level or operationally but if I bring investors in, they'll want some kind of representation on the board. That could be me or someone else."
And, on possible opposition from fans, he added: "Raising cash is what I do.
"It's what I've done for 30 years and it's all I do. What is important is that the club is saved. If the club doesn't raise cash then it won't be able to continue to trade.
"If some fans would rather the club goes back into administration then they are not real fans.
"Sit and wait and see what happens - if I don't raise the cash then that's it but if I do the club will be stronger.
Media playback is not supported on this device Interview - Charles Green
Green is confident that Rangers will get back to the Scottish Premiership, and he said that when they do, they need to be competitive.
"When they get there no-one wants to see them weak and humiliated," he continued.
"Fans need to unite. One week it's the Sons of Struth and then the Union of Fans - there is no union of fans.
"I'd love to see all the fans unite and hate me - at least then they'd be united. It's a disjointed fan base and someone needs to stand up and say it how it is."
There's been quite a bit of scuttlebutt lately over whether the Democrats are going to try and steal the presidential election.
Donald Trump is all but certain that's exactly what's going to happen.
Click here to join Todd's American Dispatch: a must-read for conservatives!
"I'm telling you, Nov. 8, we'd better be careful, because that election is going to be rigged,” he told Fox News Channel's Sean Hannity. “And I hope the Republicans are watching closely or it's going to be taken away from us.”
Would Democrats do something so nefarious? Would they really try to rig a presidential election?
Anybody wants to wager how Bernie Sanders might answer that question?
Left-wingers have dismissed Trump's concerns as fear-mongering.
One cable news organization, known affectionately as the “Clinton News Network,” rebuked one of my Fox News colleagues for advancing what they called “conspiracy theories.”
But protecting the integrity of the ballot box is hardly a conspiracy theory. And based on what happened four years ago, the Trump campaign has some valid concerns.
Click here to get Todd's guide to making America great again!
In 2012 Mitt Romney got zero votes in 59 Philadelphia voting divisions. ZERO!
CBS News said at first blush -- it seemed almost impossible. Philly.com called the results “head-spinning.”
“Mitt Romney received not one vote. Zero. Zilch,” the newspaper wrote.
Larry Sabato, the renowned political scientist, said such claims deserved to be investigated.
“Not a single vote for Romney or even an error? That's worth looking into,” he told Philly.com in 2012.
The same thing happened in Ohio -- another battleground state.
Politifact Ohio reported that Romney was shut out in 17 Cleveland precincts -- and one precinct in East Cleveland.
And Lord only knows how many folks in Chicago cast their votes from the Hereafter.
As suspicious as it sounds, some political scientists said they were not surprised by the results in Philadelphia or Cleveland.
But some political scientists dismiss fears of voter fraud. They say it's not unusual for Democrats to sweep urban areas.
“We have always had these dense urban corridors that are extremely Democratic,” Stanford University political scientist Jonathan Rodden told CBS News. “It's kind of an urban fact, and you are looking at the extreme end of it in Philadelphia.”
In other words, it's a scientific fact that there are a lot of dense people in the City of Brotherly Love.
Former Trump adviser Roger Stone warned that any attempt to steal the election would be met with the direst of consequences.
“The government will be shut down if they attempt to steal this and swear Hillary in,” he told Breitbart News. “No, we will not stand for it. We will not stand for it.”
Is it possible that Donald Trump is advancing a harebrained conspiracy theory? Is it possible the Democrats will abstain from Election Day dirty tricks?
Well -- I suppose anything is possible.
Then again, it's about as possible as Hillary Clinton telling the truth about her emails.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Legendary Australian swimmer Ian Thorpe has come out as gay.
The five-time Olympic gold medallist, 31, has faced rumours about his sexuality for years, which he has always previously denied.
He last spoke about the rumours in 2012, saying: “For the record, I am not gay and all my sexual experiences have been straight. I'm attracted to women, I love children and aspire to have a family one day.”
However, in an interview with Michael Parkinson which is set to be broadcast tomorrow, the swimming star reveals that though he has dated women in the past, he is gay.
Olympic diving star Matthew Mitcham told the Australian Daily Telegraph: “I can totally understand how difficult this whole process has been for him.”
“I really hope this process gives him some peace and that the media and the public give him the same respect and the same overwhelming support I received in 2008.
“The Australian public and media have a really wonderful opportunity to set an example for kids who are in Ian's position.”
Parkinson said: “I think his sexuality is no one's business but his own. But I think it's one of the best interviews I have ever done in terms of (Thorpe) talking about depression and things like that.”
During his career, Thorpe won nine Olympic medals – five gold, three silver, one bronze – in addition to 11 World Championship titles, and 10 Commonwealth Games gold medals.
‘Ian Thorpe: The Parkinson Interview' will air in Australia next tomorrow at 6:30pm on TEN.
Sanaa (AFP) - Shiite rebels seized the Yemeni government headquarters Sunday and the premier resigned as violence raged despite a UN announcement of a power-sharing deal to end days of fighting, officials said.
Prime Minister Mohamed Basindawa stepped aside, accusing President Abdrabuh Mansur Hadi of being "autocratic", senior officials said.
State news agency Saba reported Basindawa's resignation, but without giving the reason.
However, the council of ministers released the text of Basindawa's resignation letter.
"The partnership between myself and the president in leading the country only lasted for a short period, before it was replaced by autocracy to the extent that the government and I no longer knew anything about the military and security situation," he wrote.
Mohammed Abdulsalam, spokesman for the Ansarullah rebels, also known as Huthis, said on his Facebook page that the seat of government had been taken.
He also said parts of "the military and security apparatus have supported the popular revolt", including "the general command of the armed forces, the radio", the government and other institutions.
A posting on the interior ministry's website urged security forces not to confront the rebels.
Interior Minister Abdo al-Tarib calls on "all members of the ministry not to confront Ansarullah," the statement said.
Tarib urged "cooperation" with the rebels "to strengthen security and stability, preserve public property and guard government installations... and to consider Ansarullah friends of the police".
One Western diplomat, who also reported rebel movements near Hadi's residence, said: "The situation is changing at speed with a capital S."
- Dozens of people killed -
Earlier, shelling and gunfire in the north of Sanaa was heard across the city, as Sunni militiamen and troops battled the rebels, prompting an exodus of terrified residents, an AFP correspondent reported.
A week of fighting has left a dozen of people dead on both sides and forced the suspension of all flights into and out of Sanaa airport, which is in the battle zone.
There was no let-up in the fighting on Saturday night despite Hadi ordering an after-dark curfew.
The clashes centred on the campus of Al-Iman University, a bastion of Sunni Islamists that the Shiite rebels have been trying to capture, witnesses said.
The violence came despite UN envoy Jamal Benomar announcing late on Saturday that a deal had been reached after "intense consultations with all the political parties, including Ansarullah".
Benomar did not specifically mention a ceasefire, nor did he say when a deal would be signed, although he said preparations were under way for the signing.
But he did say the accord would be a "national document that will advance the path of peaceful change, and will lay the foundations for national partnership and for security and stability in the country".
On Sunday evening, Benomar entered a meeting with Hadi.
Forces allied to the government have been battling to halt the rebels, who swept into Sanaa from their mountain stronghold in the far north last month and set up armed protest camps across the capital to press their demands.
- Rebels demand key posts -
Hadi has denounced the rebel offensive as a "coup attempt", but agreed to involve the rebels in the formation of a new government to replace the unpopular administration that imposed austerity measures, including a fuel price hike, earlier this year.
He has also agreed to partly reverse the price hike.
But the rebels have also demanded posts in key state institutions as part of a push for greater political clout.
The fighting in northern Sanaa has raged continuously since Thursday when nearly 40 people were killed in a single day.
Residents of northern districts have begun to flee their homes, an AFP correspondent reported earlier on Sunday.
The city's streets were largely deserted as shops remained closed and the education ministry ordered schools to suspend lessons indefinitely.
Sanaa University told students to stay away until mid-October after its campus was hit by shelling.
One of Sanaa's main markets, the Ali Mohsen Souk, has been closed for three days, which residents said had started to cause problems in obtaining fresh produce.
Yemen has been swept by political turmoil since longtime strongman Ali Abdullah Saleh was forced from the presidency in early 2012.
Excuse the extremely cheesy title. lol I've been in a FlashShimmer mood lately, I've grown to really love drawing art for these two. They're really fun to draw art for. I think they are so dang cute together!It still really bothers me how there is barely anything in the FlashShimmer tag on Tumblr. And the stuff that they do have is pretty all from me.At least deviantART has a decent amount of FlashShimmer fan art.It's weird though, because I drew them looking younger for some reason. Haha.Also, I really like the idea of Sunset Shimmer and Flash Sentry getting back together and this time around they're a lot stronger. And Sunset Shimmer is so much more into him now. In fact, they are nuts about each other.But hey, that's my opinion.My Little Pony: Equestria Girls is (C) Hasbro Studios
Ivett Salgado
Hace una semana Damián Alcázar se reunió con Luis Estrada para ver el resultado de Dictadura perfecta (antes La verdad sospechosa), pero lejos de la sorpresa que le causó la película terminada, el tema que ahora los ocupa es la distribución.
“Estamos a la espera; ahora se llama Dictadura perfecta y no es como Vargas Llosa, pero acuñó de forma perfecta; imagina las dificultades que tiene para que se distribuya una película como ésta”, dijo Damián Alcázar a su paso por el Festival Internacional de Cine de Guanajuato.
“Cuando vi la película pensé en la bofetada que es para el ciudadano, para que despierte y se pregunte qué está pasando, de qué soy participe y no me doy cuenta, aunque me hayan dado una tarjeta de Soriana”, añadió el protagonista.
Al preguntar a Damián si le sorprendía que Televisa haya invertido dinero en el filme (vía 226) y ahora no apoye el estreno, el actor comentó: “¿quién sabe quién leyó el guión para decir que son autocríticos?” Hasta hace unos meses la película aparecía entre los estrenos de Videocine.
“Ellos no tenían la menor idea de que Luis es un hombre de convicciones sólidas. No sé quién leyó el guión, confían en él porque fue un éxito El infierno, pero quién sabe quién leyó el guión para decir que son autocríticos; cuando la vieron se dieron cuenta que es una película casi documental”, agregó el actor.
Nada más parecido a la realidad que el trabajo realizado por Estrada desde hace un par de años con el guión. “Mi personaje es el que se casa con una actriz, soy un gobernador, poco qué ver, pero mucho qué ver; es una verdad sospechosa”, dijo Alcázar.
“La película tiene esa visión corrosiva de Luis y su humor, es una historia crítica y alentadora. Aunque son sucesos históricos que parece vivimos, porque desde hace tiempo nos la cantan, aunque Octavio Paz decía que no, pero sí”, comentó el histrión.
Alcázar, quien comparte créditos con Oswaldo Benavides, Alfonso Herrera, Joaquín Cosio, Dagoberto Gama y María Rojo, dijo que de no conseguir distribuidor en México, Dictadura perfecta podría encontrar salida en el extranjero.
“Sin lugar a dudas, Luis es un tipo que va muy adelante y viendo quién se anima a estrenarla y, si aquí no se puede, seguro buscará en el extranjero. Estos días no he hablado con él, salvo hace una semana, cuando vimos la película”, explicó.
Dictadura perfecta cuenta la historia de un político que se beneficia de los medios de comunicación y se casa con una actriz para posicionarse mejor ante el pueblo. La cinta se filmó hace un par de meses y ahora espera su distribución.
Claves
- Damián Alcázar recordó que durante el rodaje le proponía ideas a Luis Estrada, en relación a los temas de actualidad, pero la respuesta era que “no podíamos ser tan locales o temporales, que debíamos pensar en todas las posibilidades”.
- En el momento que Damián vio la película con Luis, la primera reacción que tuvo fue decir “esto está muy feo y la película es muy profética. Le fuimos pisando los talones a lo que iba ocurriendo con el país”.
- En La ley de Herodes “mi personaje rompía las hojas de la Constitución Mexicana, aquí en Dictadura perfecta ocurre algo parecido, vemos a este señor enmendando la plana y diciendo ‘sí se puede'”.
(CNN) -- North Korea on Wednesday blamed South Korea for driving them "to the brink of war," a day after the North shelled a South Korean island and killed four people.
South Korea provoked the shelling of Yeonpyeong Island by holding a military drill off their shared coast in the Yellow Sea, North Korea said.
Pyongyang made the accusation through its state media, referring to a military drill that Seoul holds every year.
"The puppet group dared make an uproar over 'a provocation' from someone and cry out for 'punishment' like a thief crying 'Stop the thief!'" the North's KCNA news agency said.
"The Lee Myung-bak group's treacherous and anti-reunification acts are intolerable as it vitiated the atmosphere for improving the inter-Korean relations overnight and drove the situation to the brink of war, challenging the desire of all the Koreans," KCNA said.
The administration of South Korean President Lee Myung-bak said it was consulting the United States and other allies Wednesday, following the North's shelling.
"We have come to the judgment that what happened on Yeonpyeong Island was a definite military provocation against the Republic of Korea," the Lee administration said.
"The fact that they have indiscriminately fired upon a defenseless civilian zone was a brutally inhumane action, an illegal and intentional action against the U.N. constitution and the armistice between the North and South Korea."
The South said it was on high alert, but was calmly considering its actions.
"We have ordered to bring calm to the lives of people. For the deceased marines, we will give them honorable treatment and the funeral functions will be held on the coming Saturday," the Lee administration said.
"The close cooperation between the U.S. and South Korea will be maintained and there will be special measures for the damage done to the village."
Seoul on Wednesday announced 1 billion won ($875,583) in emergency money to repair damage wrought by Tuesday's shelling, which killed two South Korean marines and two civilians. The attack also injured 15 South Korean soldiers and three civilians, South Korea said.
The two civilians' bodies were found Wednesday on the coast of Yeonpyeong Island, South Korean coast guard said.
The bodies of two men in their 60s were not recognized by residents of the sparsely populated island, leading officials to believe that they were construction workers from off the island, said Song Young-gil, mayor of Incheon.
Hundreds of South Koreans continued to evacuate from the island on Wednesday. Some residents said they were too afraid to ever return. They described being terrified as North Korean shells landed in and around their homes Tuesday.
On Wednesday, South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported that five buildings were directly hit and 22 were damaged during the attack. Photos provided by South Korean coast guard on Wednesday showed demolished and damaged homes.
The Yellow Sea is a longstanding flash point between the two Koreas. In March, 46 South Korean sailors died there when their warship was torpedoed. Seoul says Pyongyang sank the Cheonan, which the North has denied.
The United States said Wednesday that it would hold military drills with South Korea in the Yellow Sea starting on Sunday.
"This exercise is defensive in nature. While planned well before yesterday's unprovoked artillery attack, it demonstrates the strength of the ROK-U.S. alliance and our commitment to regional stability through deterrence," U.S. Forces Korea said.
"The USS George Washington carrier strike group will join Republic of Korea naval forces in the waters west of the Korean peninsula from Nov. 28 to Dec. 1 to conduct the next exercise in the series announced at the 2+2 meetings in July."
The United States has about 28,500 troops deployed in South Korea. A U.S. defense official said more than 50 U.S. Navy vessels are in the area, including a carrier strike group led by the USS George Washington.
The North Korean shelling has put the entire region on edge.
On Wednesday, Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan said, "North Korea's artillery attack on South Korea was an attack on an area where ordinary citizens live. This is an unforgivable act of barbarism. We have been strongly condemning North Korea for this action and will continue to do so."
"This attack created extreme anxiety not only in South Korea, but also in the East Asia region, including Japan. We must tackle this issue with close coordination with South Korea, as well as the United States. At the same time, we urge China, which holds a strong influence over North Korea, to make an effort to suppress such action by North Korea."
China, which is North Korea's key ally, has responded obliquely to Tuesday's shelling.
"We have taken note of relevant reports and express our concern. Relevant facts need to be verified and we hope both parties make more contributions to the stability of the peninsula," Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei said.
Beijing sustains North Korea with food, arms and fuel. International sanctions over the North's nuclear program have isolated the country. Its people have gone hungry as Pyongyang has poured money into its military and nuclear programs.
Recently I was talking with one of my colleagues about computer science and the skills of those who have just taken their degree in Italy. We both agreed that the kind of knowledge you get attending the college is indeed more theoretical than practical ( and trust me, “informatic engineering” courses in Italy colleges are way much more theoretical than CS in the United States ) and most of the time this results in a lot of people with their mouths full of “big words” they don't really understand.
I do not think this is just something related to our country, for instance I often read on web sites such as Stack Overflow answers like “hey dude, why implementing it yourself? Just use a database!“ or “there's the whole STL library that can do this for you, why you should implement a RB-tree by yourself?” and so on, I'm sure you know what I'm talking about.
Of course studying the theory behind such things, data structures, algorithms and their complexities, etc is fundamental for a good engineer, but what about practice? What about reinventing the wheel, not because “you can do better than STL guys” but just because “I want to really understand why they did what they did and the way they did it.” ? And do not tell me that during your CS courses you've implemented everything, tried everything and came accross every problem you could find while developing because this is bullshit.
How can you really understand why a hash table needs to be rehashed if you never implemented one and tried to optimize it because you need it in a real world application?
How can you really understand SQL indexes (and use them properly!) if you don't know what data cardinality is and how it affects binary trees ?
How can you really understand OS scheduling if you never tried to implement a minimal kernel yourself and saw the problematics behind it?
How can you really understand the difference between reserved and committed memory if you never implemented even the simplest memory allocator just for the fuck of it?
I firmly think there are two kinds of knowledge, the one you have because someone explained to you something and you understood it, and the one you get because you bang yourself against the same problems someone had decades ago and you find out the best solution for the problem, which of course it's the same they found at their time … and trust me, this one is invaluable.
So nextime someone will ask you why you keep reinventing the wheel, you can give him two good reasons for it:
Because I really want to understand how it works.
want to understand how it works. Because no one will do better until someone will try to.
PS: And for fuck sake, people from Stack Overflow, stop answering red if I'm asking for blue, just say you do not know (or don't say anything at all, this would be better), no one is gonna cry for that!
Beyond Skyrim: Morrowind has been hard at work over the last year, with a redirected creative vision, a new heightmap and a new team. We've made more progress over the last year than the other three years of development put together with the province going ahead in leaps and bounds in exterior level design, as well as a plethora of new environmental assets created by our 3D artists.
Our concept artists have been at work as well, with new weapons, creatures, armour and architecture concepts. We have a new and very talented composer, and some wonderful new tracks that showcase Morrowind's atmosphere through music. Over the next year we plan to finalise our tilesets so we can begin working on new, more unique dungeons and interiors, as well as make headway on our pre-release, the New North. Pictured below are some screenshots of our landscaping progress, concept art, and a track from our composer.
Yesterday we announced our latest pickup to the NiP family, a caster from Sweden who mainly casts in Swedish. His name is Kim ”Papadrayich” Larsson, in this article we ask him a few quick questions regarding his gaming career and life,
Tell us about yourself
I am PapaDrayich, also known as just Drayich. Kim Larsson, age 32 from Sweden. I've been a professional Dota2 player for teams like mousesports and sk-gaming back in the days.Now I'm focusing 100% on casting.
How did you get into gaming?
Gaming was a part of my life since i was 6 years old pretty much. It has helped me with rough times and it has been a great source of joy always.
How did you get into casting?
Casting kinda started randomly. Sure i did some english casts before, with people like Sheever and BreakyCPK in HoN but casting in Swedish came just from TV6 asking me to step up at TI3 and after that i got more jobs pretty much.
What's your favorite moment in your casting career?
My favorite moment in my casting career is definitely when Alliance did win TI3 even if i didn't cast that very game i still remember the joy of a Swedish team performing so well. Where do you see yourself in 5 years? I have no idea where i am in 5 years. Honestly, no freaking idea. ESPORTS is still up and coming for sure, but maybe i will be casting more variation of games. I really can't answer it better then that.
A group of extremely savvy analysts started evaluating how much and where ETH transactions were being processed. What they found was a bit of a surprise.
According to the analysis, over 65 percent of all ETH transactions are generated using temporary addresses. In other words, funds come into the address and leave the address again, usually within an hour, and the addresses are never used again.
The finding, on the cyberFund blog, indicates that an ‘Ethereum mixer' is moving funds into temporary addresses, mixing them around from address to address, and then outputting them into more fixed addresses on different exchanges. The graphic below indicates the process.
The issue with these transactions is that they represent a massive part of all Ethereum transactions taking place, indicating that funds are being moved rapidly, and for some purpose that is not evidently clear. The analysis that at least one of the following possible options must be true of the mixer.
Avoiding controls
1. The protection offered to clients by crypto-exchanges: all clients' funds are mixed so that the funds' sources cannot be tracked and those holding clean money cannot be unjustifiably accused of any illegal activity
2. A mechanism set in place to protect US residents who wish to avoid control from US regulatory bodies
3. A mechanism used by a large private exchange to preserve the privacy of its clients; this exchange might be operating with fiat money
4. A mechanism used to securely transfer crypto-assets between crypto-exchanges
5. Any kind of Ethereum-laundering scheme
Which of these options is actually the purpose remains to be seen. However, if such a high volume of transactions is being carried out by a single mechanism, it calls into question the market growth of Ethereum and its actual use.
In The Conversation, David Brooks and Gail Collins talk between columns every Wednesday.
Charles Dharapak/Associated Press
David Brooks: Gail, I've been trying to understand the anger at Washington these days. Specifically, is it personal anger or policy anger? If it's policy anger then there is a clear way to address it — pass bills X, Y and Z.
Gail Collins: David, it can't actually be policy anger when people manage to convince themselves that Barack Obama is an anti-American mole because he got the health care bill passed. I'm voting for undifferentiated anger relating to global economic change that's channeled into lunatic political rage by people who are hoping to benefit from it.
Standards have eroded; that which was once hidden is now normal and above board.
David Brooks: I agree that it's not policy. The Tea Party people want smaller government, but they always have. When I look at the typology of the electorate, I see a shift to the right, but not a huge one.
So I suspect the anger is more personal and moral. Institutions in Washington are incompetent. People there are getting rich not by making things but simply by grabbing the loot. The standards of behavior are indecent.
Gail Collins: Do you actually think the standards of behavior are more indecent than they were in the past? I'm willing to be convinced, but I need some evidence.
David Brooks: I'm not sure. But I think there's been an accumulation of small corruption. Standards have eroded. That which was once hidden is now normal and above board. That brings me to Eleanor Holmes Norton.
As you may have seen, Norton left a message on a lobbyist's voicemail that was leaked to a conservative Web site and now stands as the scandal of the week. Here is a bit of what she said:
This is, uh, Eleanor Norton, Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton. Uh, I noticed that you have given to uh, other colleagues on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. I am a, um, senior member, a 20-year veteran and am chair of the subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings and Emergency Management. I'm handling the largest economic development project in the United States now, the Homeland Security compound of three buildings being built on the uh, old St. Elizabeth's hospital site in the District of Columbia along with uh, 15 other, uh, sites here for, that are part of the stimulus.
I like how she says she is “handling” the project. Does that mean she is building it? Picking out the sashes and window treatment. Once a project is approved is there now a Congressional “handler” in charge of collecting the appropriate slush?
Gail Collins: I did hear about it. Very depressing and I can't excuse it. Although I …
David Brooks: Wait, there's more. At this point, she continues:
I was, frankly, uh, uh, surprised to see that we don't have a record, so far as I can tell, of your having given to me despite my uh, long and deep uh, work. In fact, it's been my major work, uh, on the committee and subcommittee it's been essentially in your sector. I am, I'm simply candidly calling to ask for a contribution. As the senior member of the um, committee and a subcommittee chair, we have (chuckles) obligations to raise, uh funds. And, I think it must have been me who hasn't, frankly, uh, done my homework to ask for a contribution earlier. So I'm trying to make up for it by asking for one now, when we particularly, uh, need, uh contributions, particularly those of us who have the seniority and the chairmanships and are in a position to raise the funds.
I like her candor her, and especially her use of the word “candidly.” She could have said, “I'm simply corruptly calling to ask for a contribution….” Or “I'm simply venally calling to ask for a contribution…” Candidly sounds so much nicer.
Gail Collins: A friend of mine who's run for elective office used to tell me about the terrible long hours when your handlers have you locked in a room with a telephone, and you have to call people and say: “I'm so very interested in your plan for cutting the hands off shoplifters and if you'd like to attend my $500-a-plate dinner I'd be happy to discuss it with you in detail.”
What I hear here is a desperate cry for campaign finance reform.
It's particularly disgusting that she is pushing on her subcommittee's building programs, and particularly stupid that she left the message on a recorder, but what we have here is the ugly underbelly of a system that demands that everyone who wants to do what they used to call “public service” first prostitute themselves on the fundraising front.
David Brooks: Just a bit more. Finally, she concludes:
I'm asking you to give to Citizens for Eleanor Holmes Norton, P.O. Box 70626, D.C., 20024. I'll send you a follow-up note with appreciation for having heard me out. Thanks again.
I'm a little disappointed she doesn't use PayPal, or have something simpler than snail mail to a post office box. Still, I do like the offer of a thank-you note for having “heard her out.” That's a nice touch.
Gail Collins: What I hear here is a desperate cry for campaign finance reform. But if this is what's creating such rage on the right, I'd really appreciate it if the angries offered a little bit of help on controlling the ever-escalating cost of Congressional campaigns. Instead, you get the opposite. Where was the Tea Party when the Supreme Court decided that corporations were people when it came to contributing to political campaigns? Why in the name of all that's holy are they trying to knock out Russ Feingold, who's one of the very few people in the Senate who has actually made a serious effort to do something about the way we fund our elections?
David Brooks: I'm struck by that too. Maybe people have lost faith in campaign finance reform. Adding a few more regulations won't improve things. We have to fundamentally drain the swamp. That means making laws simple and straightforward, not complex and easily manipulated. On financial regulation reform, for example, I prefer breaking up the banks to the complex legislation we wound up with.
By the way, I don't mean to single out Norton, who is probably no worse than the other members of Congress. It's just that she was dumb enough to record her venality on an answering machine.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Senate will pass a sweeping reform of financial regulation on Thursday night, said an aide to Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid, capping months of wrangling over the biggest overhaul of financial rules since the 1930s.
A trader walks past a screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, May 20, 2010. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
“We're passing this bill tonight,” Reid spokesman Jim Manley told reporters in the Capitol.
The Senate moved to wrap up debate on the bill earlier on Thursday, a key procedural hurdle paving the way for a vote. The bill now needs only a simple majority to win final approval.
The legislation is one of President Barack Obama's top domestic priorities and, if passed, it promises to increase restrictions on the banking industry and reduce its profits.
If the Senate bill is approved, it will have to be merged with a bill approved in December by the House of Representatives. Only then could a final package go to Obama to be signed into law, something that analysts say may happen next month.
Obama and congressional Democrats want to overhaul financial regulation to avoid a repeat of the 2007-2009 banking and capital market crisis, which tipped the U.S. economy into a deep recession, triggered huge taxpayer bailouts, and unleashed a wave of reform initiatives around the world.
The Senate voted 60 to 40 to wrap up debate on the bill earlier on Thursday. Obama said the final version will hold financial firms accountable but not stifle the free market.
“This is not a zero-sum game where Wall Street loses and Main Street gains,” Obama told reporters.
Last-minute maneuvering on the Senate floor looked likely to kill two controversial amendments: one to tighten proposed restrictions on risky trading by banks, and another exempting car dealers that do not finance their own lending to auto buyers from oversight by a new federal consumer watchdog.
There was a chance neither amendment would come up for a vote before the vote on approval, said Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley in floor debate.
“I hope I'm wrong,” said Merkley, co-sponsor of the measure that would tighten the proposed “Volcker rule” language in the bill on curbing proprietary trading by banks.
DOW JONES PLUMMETS
On Wall Street on Thursday, the Dow Jones industrial average slid 3.6 percent, hurt mostly by fears of Europe's debt crisis retarding a global economic recovery, but also by uncertainty over the outcome of the U.S. financial reform, traders said.
Barney Frank, Democratic head of a key House panel, told CNBC it is important to approve reform soon to ease uncertainty. He said Obama could sign a bill into law well before July 4.
Senators from both parties were eager to look tough on Wall Street ahead of elections in November, analysts said.
The Obama administration said it supports the amendment offered by Democrats Merkley and Carl Levin to tighten the Volcker rule, first proposed in January by Obama and White House economic adviser Paul Volcker.
The Merkley-Levin measure was tied procedurally to another measure from Republican Sam Brownback to exempt car dealers from the oversight of a new financial consumer watchdog.
Democratic aides said Republicans planned to withdraw the Brownback amendment so that a vote would not occur on Merkley-Levin, which is opposed by Wall Street firms.
The House bill already contains a watchdog exemption for auto dealers, opening the door to a deal in conference.
Bank lobbyists have worked for months to weaken the Senate bill. With approval near, they were refocusing on prospects for watering it down in a House-Senate conference after passage.
“The president has to be very, very happy,” Republican Bob Corker said after the vote. “I know it has to be a major victory for him — in my opinion it's an overreach.”
LINCOLN AMENDMENT EYED
Another dispute still unsettled was a provision in the bill from Democratic Senator Blanche Lincoln that would force banks to spin off lucrative swap trading desks into affiliates.
Major financial groups such as JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Goldman Sachs could be hit hard by such a requirement, analysts said.
Sheila Bair, chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp, reiterated concerns that Lincoln's approach “could increase, not decrease, risk.” Analysts said they expect it will not be included in the final bill.
Lincoln, who faces a primary challenge from the left at home in Arkansas, said she would fight for her provision. But even if it survives the Senate, lawmakers could strip it out as they reconcile differences with the House.
Two Democrats who withheld their support for wrapping up debate on the bill on Wednesday did so again on Thursday.
Senator Russ Feingold, one of the chamber's most liberal members, has said the bill is not tough enough. Senator Maria Cantwell has pressed for tighter regulation of derivatives and breaking up the largest financial conglomerates.
Republican Scott Brown was the only lawmaker to switch his vote after meeting with Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid early on Thursday.
In a statement, Brown said Reid had assured him that the final legislation will address his concern that the Volcker rule could hurt insurance companies and other firms that did not contribute to the financial crisis.
Amid threats to the health of people and the economy from the smog, the Public Health Ministry is now on alert as local residents in many northern provinces have reported seeing air pollution in their hometowns.
To date, levels of small dust particles have not exceeded safe limits but the ministry has started making preparations. Its Disease Control Department has instructed the Office of Disease Prevention and Control 1 in Chiang Mai province to prepare a Surveillance and Rapid Response Team so that immediate medical help could be made available to local residents as soon as the haze threat rises.
Department director-general Dr Jessada Chokdamrongsuk yesterday said people most at risk were small children, the elderly, pregnant women and people suffering from chronic diseases such as heart disease, asthma or allergies.
According to the Office of Disease Prevention and Control 1, there were 628,501 cardiovascular patients, 412,796 respiratory patients, 36,203 patients with eye diseases and 40,183 patients with skin diseases seeking treatment due to haze in Chiang Mai, Lamphun, Lampang, Mae Hong Son, Chiang Rai, Phayao, Phrae and Nan between January 1 and April 30 of last year.
This year, there has been not been abnormal rise in the four disease groups yet, Jessada said, adding that “we have to be on alert”.
Several northern provinces saw some haze, stemming from forest fire and outdoor burning, but the atmospheric particulate matter with a maximum diameter of 10 microns (PM10) levels remains moderate at 52 to 92 micrograms per cubic metre. The threshold for safe levels of PM10 particles is 120 micrograms.
Chiang Mai Governor Pawin Chamniprasart yesterday said he had already sought the cooperation from government agencies, state enterprises, local administrative bodies, community leaders and the public in helping to prevent a smog crisis.
“From February 20 to April 20 the province will strictly enforce a total fire ban. No fire will be allowed during the period,” he said.
(KUTV) President-elect Donald Trump plans to yank full federal funding from “sanctuary cities” in his first 100 days in office. It is listed as number three on his “Five actions to restore security and the constitutional rule of law.” That to to-do list has some Utahns concerned.
Sanctuary cities have laws in place sheltering undocumented immigrants from deportation.
Utah could possibly qualify as such a city, but it depends on how Trump and his advisers define a sanctuary city or if he lets the city define its own status.
(Story continues after the document.)
Donald Trump Contract by LarryDCurtis on Scribd
Both the Salt Lake mayor's office and Salt Lake Police Department said Tuesday, the city is “technically not a sanctuary city.” There are however policing policies in place that make it look like one.
you'll find Salt Lake on a list with a dozen others across the U.S, on websites for immigration attorneys and .
"What we are going to do is get the people that are criminal and have criminal records, gang members, drug dealers, where a lot of these people, probably 2 million, it could be even 3 million, we are getting them out of our country,” Trump said as he sat down for an interview for CBS's "60 Minutes," that aired Sunday.
The president-elect not only promised to rid the country of criminals in the country illegally in his first 100 days, but also "cancel all funding to sanctuary cities."
Mayor Rahm Emanuel in Chicago reacted, telling his residents, "you are safe in Chicago. You are secure in Chicago, and you are supported in Chicago." His city is considered a sanctuary city.
The Salt Lake mayor's office and police department declined to go on camera but both stated the city is not technically a sanctuary city, but instead called it a "welcoming city."
Former SLCPD Chief Chris Burbank, who started the policies that look a lot like a sanctuary city, disagrees.
“Yes we are. And it was something I was very proud of,” he said.
When Burbank was acting chief he worked to put policies in place to make Salt Lake a sanctuary city before the phrase existed. He noted that a police department takes care of criminal issues, not civil. Just like his police department did not knock on doors to get tax papers turned in, he did not feel like it was his duty to do the same for immigration status.
“I took a position and said officers in the Salt Lake City Police Department are not going to enforce immigration laws -- in fact we are not going to ask. The questions we care about are the health and well being of our city, not the status of our community.”
Current Police Chief Brown stating Burbank's policy, but without the title: "While salt lake city is not a so-called 'sanctuary city', our law enforcement model focuses on providing service and public safety to all citizens of our city, regardless of status or demographics."
A spokesperson for the police department said Salt Lake is not a sanctuary city because anyone arrested can be searched and pulled from the jails if they are undocumented.
Immigration officials have access to arrest records and citizenship status, something not available in sanctuary cities.
Brown's webpage reads:
In signing the letter to Chairman Grassley and Ranking Member Leahy, I and fellow Law Enforcement Immigration Task Force members are intending to change the narrative about law enforcement and its place in immigration enforcement.
In diverse cities across the nation, law enforcement officers battle for trust and work tirelessly to instill a model of community-oriented policing that will be negatively affected by efforts of our government to mandate immigrant-status checks within our tactics.
My goal in signing this letter is to conduct a dialogue with the Senate Judiciary Committee on focusing efforts on changing the immigration system rather than intensifying our local policing programs. While Salt Lake City is not a so-called ‘sanctuary city', our law enforcement model focuses on providing service and public safety to all citizens of our city, regardless of status or demographics. Requiring police to enforce federal immigration law undermines the trust and cooperation of immigrant communities, which are an essential element of this community and our practice of community-oriented policing.
Additionally, we believe that defunding federal programs could adversely affect public safety in our community. I look forward to participating in further discussion with our decision makers, locally and federally, to find a positive solution to this complex issue.
A spokesperson for the Salt Lake City Police Department said Tuesday, that Salt Lake unlike sanctuary cities, does not control its own jail. Arrests made in the city go to the Salt Lake County jail where immigration status can be accessed by ICE agents. That distinction, the SLCPD believes, is enough to make Utah a city that doesn't enforce immigration status but without actually acting as a sanctuary.
During communal riots in Baduria, West Bengal last week, the Facebook post shown above was widely circulated. It portrays Hindu women being molested during the riot. The image is a scene from a Bhojpuri movie released in 2014.
In Kerala's Kasargod district, Islamic State is luring young Hindus with money. The terror organisation has a rate card which carries the amount – one lakh to 7 lakh – given to IS recruits to convert Hindu girls. The rates are five lakh for a Hindu Brahmin girl, seven lakh rupees for a Sikh Punjabi girl and 4.5 lakh for a Hindu Kshatriya girl.
At least, this is according to a report broadcasted on a national English news channel in June. The basis of the ‘rate card' was a fake WhatsApp message which had been doing the rounds for more than a year.
It was one of the many distorted stories that were shared on social media and one which the news channel fell for.
Apart from influencing the political discourse and triggering communal violence, these stories – often in the form of image with text written on it – can result in explosive situations when circulated in an already charged atmosphere. For more than two months, villagers in Jharkhand, a child trafficking hub, were receiving WhatsApp messages carrying pictures of purported details of child traffickers including their attire. The result? In May, villagers lynched seven men to death mistaking them for kidnappers.
It is in this backdrop that organisations such as AltNews, Boom and SM Hoaxslayer have taken it upon themselves to call out fake news. They monitor social media to identify information which prima facie appears false, verify it and if the information is fake, relay the correction.
Watch: How are fake forwards, images and videos identified.
It was an AltNews investigation that found out the truth about the IS rate card while Boom ran a reverse search to prove that the image of man and a little girl with blood on their faces, with accompanying text saying that they were making India secular by playing Holi with the blood of a cow, was actually a picture from Egypt.
With the surge of digital platforms and the penetration of smartphones, fake news reaches many more people than before. Which means that by the time websites debunk fake news, proving that an image or video is flawed, it has already been shared and believed by thousands of people.
GOVT HAS TO STEP IN TO CHECK FAKE NEWS: PRATIK SINHA, CO-FOUNDER, ALTNEWS
Pratik Sinha, co-founder, AltNews at his Ahmedabad office. ( Sidhharaj Solanki/HT Photo. )
In August 2016, Pratik Sinha, Ahmedabad-based techie and founder of the website truthofgujarat participated in a more than 300 km long march on foot from Ahmedabad to Una to protest the flogging of Dalit men. Concerned to see that there was hardly any media coverage of the march, Sinha, and a friend decided to launch a digital outlet to talk about people's issues. Debunking fake news was one of the objectives of the site. When they eventually launched AltNews in February this year, their posts on fake news attracted far more attention than the other features of the site. Since then, they have done numerous fake news breaks.
“We keep track of social media. We also keep getting messages from people asking us to verify forwards which do not appear genuine to them,” says Sinha. “Thirdly, we look for virality of an item on social media. For example, during Prime Minister Modi's visit to the US last month, his loyalists circulated a video claiming that it was Modi's cavalcade in the US. The video went viral. We checked and found that it was footage of Barack Obama's entourage from 2010,” says Sinha.
The possible impact a fake news item can have on people is also a parameter. On June 28, there was a protest titled ‘Not In My Name' in different cities to condemn increasing incidents of mob lynching over beef. An English news channel ran a story claiming that Indian organisers were roping in people from Pakistan to organise similar protests there. Sinha found out that a Pakistani girl wanted to conduct a protest on the same lines in her country. She got in touch with one of the Indian organisers asking him if he could post the Pakistani protest information on his Facebook page. So, it was the Pakistani girl who initiated the conversation and not the Indian organisers, as the news channel would have you believe. “Such news items can influence people's perceptions,” says Sinha.
Exposing fake news also made him realise that ideology is not the only driving factor for people involved in spreading half-truths, particularly through sites such as postcard.news and hindutva.info. “Money is a big incentive. They have understood that if you write about Prime Minister Modi, Yogi Adityanath or the Indian Army, you will get more clicks and thereby more advertisements,” he says.
Above: A fake news break by AltNews
Another emerging pattern is the appearance of a fake video coinciding with a major political event in the country. When the mainstream media was debating the Left versus RSS battle in Kerala, a fake video went viral showing a man being stabbed multiple times. The video claimed that it was an RSS worker being murdered by a Left worker. In fact, it was a video from Mexico.
People getting lynched by mobs is one very visible consequence of fake news. But that's not the only impact. Sinha recalls a four-minute video that was supposedly of a Hindu Marwari girl from Andhra Pradesh married to a Muslim man; she was being beaten up and burnt alive by a few people belonging to the Muslim community, all because she was apparently not wearing a burqa. It is actually a video from Guatemala. “People have been sharing it since February 2016 and not a comma has been changed. It shows the kind of degenerative affect such footage has on people's minds,” says Sinha.
However, he is yet to come across any evidence which points to the spread of fake news being organised, except for a few times when he noticed people associated with the BJP directly or indirectly forwarding such messages on WhatsApp or retweeting them. “But then anyone can fall for fake propaganda. I cannot equate that to say that it is organised,” he says.
Given the scale at which fake news is spreading and how people believe in it blindly, Sinha says that sites such as AltNews are not enough to fight the menace. “The government should put a solid mechanism in place to fight fake news and put out advisories telling people that this is a fake video, please do not circulate it. Newspapers and news channels should carry these advisories. Also, social media platforms, particularly WhatsApp has a crucial role to play,” he says.
—Report suspicious images, videos to AltNews at contact@altnews.in
POLITICIANS MAKE UNSUBSTANTIATED CLAIMS WHICH PEOPLE LAP UP: JENCY JACOB, MANAGING EDITOR, BOOMLIVE
Team of boomlive.in at their Mumbai office. ( Aalok Soni/HT PHOTO. )
In 2014, Govindraj Ethiraj, former editor-in-chief of Bloomberg TV India, started the not-for-profit platform, Factchecker.in to fact-check policy-level news. It wasn't long before he realised the need for a platform that examined everyday news too. Enough reports, videos, forwards and statements seemed to be dubious, misrepresentations or outright lies. That's how Boom, initially launched along with Factchecker as a news portal, turned into an independent digital journalism initiative, around the end of 2016.
“Especially after the election of Trump, news from around the world was being broadcast through WhatsApp and social media with velocity despite having no veracity,” Ethiraj says. “We realised there was a huge gap in what the media was trying to say and what people were believing, so we decided to use Boom to break down every such story.”
Boom's four-member team works towards debunking at least two to three news items every day. Managing editor Jency Jacob checks WhatsApp groups for bizarre forwards and images that might need closer examination. The team does exhaustive web searches to look for plagiarism, does reverse searches for images to find their source and digs through news archives of credible sources like the Associated Press. Boom also has a helpline number, where people can send in any news item that sounds like a hoax. “The first step usually is trying to get in touch with the person who posted the news on social media. That starts off the trail,” says Jacob. “With WhatsApp that becomes difficult.”
Boomlive.in reported that the above image, circulated as that of a man a girl with cow blood on their faces, was not from India and had nothing to do with cow.
The way they see it, there are two types of fake news: the kind with malicious intent, to defame someone or spread communal tension, like an image that recently did the rounds on Facebook. It featured a man and a little girl with blood smeared on their faces, with the accompanying text saying that they were making India secular by playing Holi with the blood of a cow. Boom's research found that the photo of that of people from Egypt. It had nothing to do with India or cows.
The other kind of fake news relates to food, health and wellness, and counters scientific research. Boom recently looked at a viral video claiming the presence of plastic in rice. They helped prove that while grains may be adulterated, there was no evidence of plastic impurities in the grains.
While the truth may be obvious to the team (and even many readers), much of Jacob's efforts go into checking and cross-checking the stories verified by his team of three journalists. “We will face a huge credibility hit if our fact-checking is proved wrong, so we have to be extra cautious always,” says Jacob.
Other hoaxes get priority when they've been shared by someone well-known. “Politicians often make unsubstantiated claims and state random figures, which readers lap up,” says Jacob. “We do all the background research and then contact the person who has made the claim. Sometimes, they are apologetic, other times they are offended, but thankfully we have got no major threats so far.”
What they've got are trolls who don't like hearing they were wrong. Jacob recalls how a few weeks ago,a user tweeted to his 47,000 followers a video that seemed to show an IS terrorist being taken down by a sniper. The video went viral. Boom traced the footage back to the AP archives and showed it to be a recording of a Venezuela hostage situation from 1998.
The user took down the video as soon as he heard from Boom, but his followers bristled. “They pulled out old tweets of mine and started targeting me personally,” says Jacob, while laughing it off.
The explosion of news outlets and easy accessibility of digital news has made the circulating of fake news easy. People will believe in anything, because no one knows what a genuine source for news is. “Sadly, while 230 million people have WhatsApp, they do not always have access to newspapers to verify what was sent to them,” explains Ethiraj. “What also comes as a surprise to us is how politicians and powerful public figures cite numbers or share pictures which are clearly fake.”
—Report suspicious images, videos to Boom at its helpline number 7700906111
PEOPLE ARE GULLIBLE. ONE POST IS ENOUGH TO CAUSE COMMUNAL HATRED: PANKAJ JAIN, FOUNDER, SMHOAXSLAYER
Mumbai's Pankaj Jain, 39, is a businessman by day and a hoax slayer by night. He was fed up of being bombarded by inane, fake news through family and friends' WhatsApp groups. In August 2015, he created a Facebook page called Social Media Hoax Slayer.
“I'm the guy who has long debates about the veracity of stories at family functions and gatherings with friends,” he says. “I soon realised that people were gullible and one message was enough to cause communal hatred. That's when I decided I needed to reach out to a larger number of people.”
By October, he had also launched a website, smhoaxslayer.com. His Facebook page now has 56,000 followers and his Twitter account, 12,000.
“I spend a few hours updating the website after work every day,” says Jain. “It's the constant requests on chat and WhatsApp from people asking me to verify information that get really difficult to manage single-handed.”
His system of cross-checking information usually involves a thorough Google search. He has become good at spotting Photoshop modifications.
“The first step is always to reverse-Google search an image. Then I look for signs of tampering,” he says.
For example, he says, a recent viral picture showed political activist and proud teetotaller Hardik Patel sitting beside a bottle and glass of alcohol. “It was clear that they had been added to the picture, because they had no shadow,” he says.
In other cases, he relies on government reports and statistics. And sometimes, just common sense.
Recently, actor and politician Paresh Rawal shared a fake story on Twitter about former President APJ Abdul Kalam saying Pakistan had tried to get him to betray India. “I saw that the text had spelling and grammatical errors and wondered how someone like Paresh Rawal could fall for such an obvious hoax. I pointed it out to him on Twitter,” Jain says.
The downside, Jain says, is that he gets quite a few threats and angry messages; people call him ‘anti-national'. “One guy said he knew where I lived and would ‘take care' of people like me who spread false news,” says Jain, laughing.
At the same time, he gets a lot of appreciation from people.
“In the end, I know I am just a curious guy who believes in statistics and proof,” he says, “and wants others to do the same.”
First Published: Jul 08, 2017 18:40:08
A man who thought he was never going to have a family, has been given the surprise of a lifetime when his wife told him she was five months pregnant - by literally putting buns in the oven.
Dinwiddie County, Virginia, residents Dana Griffin-Graves and her husband Arkell Graves had been trying to have kids ever since they got married 17 years ago. But after four miscarriages and a stillborn baby, the couple had given up on expanding their family.
'We had everything planned,' Dana told Buzzfeed. 'It just didn't work out, so we kind of gave up.'
The build up: After discovering she was pregnant, Dana Griffin-Graves filmed her husband Arkell Graves being surprised with the news in their Dinwiddie County, Virginia, home
The epiphany: Arkell grins like a little boy on Christmas morning when he realizes he is going to be a dad
As the years went by, the expectations vanished and the pain over their loss had slowly lessened.
But then, earlier this year, Dana had started going walking with her friends for a bit of exercise. To her confusion, everyone else started losing weight except for her.
Seeking the cause of the problem, Dana went to see a doctor, and was giving a shocking diagnosis. Not only was she pregnant, but she was nearly at the five-month mark.
'I was ecstatic,' she said. 'We hadn't planned anything, we weren't trying.'
When it came to the task of finding out just how to tell Arkell, crafty Dana came up with a plan involving some buns, an oven and a strategically placed sonogram accompanied by a card reading: 'Baby's first picture'. With everything in place, she got the camera running.
Buttering up: Dana put actual buns in the oven alongside a sonogram and asked her husband to look inside
A jig and a jaw-drop: Arkell dances with joy, and is left speechless when Dana tells him she is nearly five months along in the pregnancy
'Come here': Arkell lifts up his arms to look for a hug from his wife, but she has another surprise coming
In the video, Dana asks her husband to take a look in the oven, and his reaction is simply perfect.
He is seen looking long and hard at the scene that had been set in the oven, before whirling around to face his wife with wide eyes. 'You're pregnant!' he exclaims, his face suddenly spreading into a huge grin.
'That's why I couldn't lose weight,' Dana explains.
'You're pregnant!' the smiling dad-to-be exclaims again, this time swinging his arms in excitement.
And then, when she tells him how far along she is - 19 weeks - his eyes widen and his jaw drops open; and when she reveals the baby is due on February 16th, he lifts his arms and says to his wife: 'come here'. But she isn't finished.
'And it's a boy.'
'And it's a boy': Upon learning he is having a son, Arkell loses his composure and bursts into tears, pulling his shirt over his head to muffle his sobbing
A long road: The couple, who have been married for 17 years, had suffered four miscarriages and a still birth before giving up on their dream of having a family
Something different: Dana went to the doctor after she found herself struggling to lose weight
Video courtesy of WRIC
At that, Arkell loses his composure entirely, bursting into tears, stumbling a few steps before lifting his T-shirt over his face to cover several increasingly loud sobs.
After celebrating the news with her husband, Dana posted his sweet reaction to YouTube on Friday, September 25, for friends and family. But since then, it has gained nearly 50,000 views.
'After four miscarriages and one stillborn birth, we had given up on the idea of having babies of our own, especially at our age...But God!' excited Dana wrote in the caption.
Dozens of viewers were moved to tears by the couple's touching news and Arkell's infectious enthusiasm, with one fan writing: 'I love when he says "come here," so much love. I wish you both the absolute best.'
Another wrote: 'Got me crying over here! I had a stillborn as well and now you guys gave me hope! God Bless and congrats. I'm so happy!!'
Are Palestinian refugees starting to come to terms with the fact that their dream of reversing the verdict of 1948 is a fantasy? A New York Times article about building projects in refugee “camps” that are now as old as the Jewish state provides us with a glimpse of the intransigent reality of Palestinian political culture.
The piece, by New York Times architecture critic Michael Kimmelman concerns the construction of a concrete square in Al Fawwar, a refugee camp south of Hebron, that is home to 7,000 people, whose population is described with the following phrase: “many of whom are the descendants of Palestinians who fled or were expelled from their homes in 1948.” The fact that we are told that “many” of its inhabitants are the descendants of refugees leaves open the question of whom the others might be and how and why they are being counted as refugees. But leaving that interesting tidbit of information aside, the conceit of the article is the debate within this community about whether building any permanent structures in these camps—whether public squares or soccer fields with stands—is appropriate.
Though the camps are themselves permanent in nature in that they are urban neighborhoods, albeit cramped, poorly constructed, and often lacking essential services, their purpose is essentially political. Rather than places to house refugees while they are prepared to be resettled in new places, their reason for existence is to keep the people there homeless and stateless in order to remind themselves, other Arabs and Muslims, and the world that they should be “returned” to what is now Israel as part of a campaign to end the Jewish state. Whenever there is any inkling of an intention on the Arab side to make peace with Israel and accept some lesser goal, the refugees come forward to remind their leaders that a deal that does not take their wishes into consideration will not be allowed to go forward.
While the Arab states colluded with Palestinian leaders to keep the refugees homeless in order that they may be preserved as props in an endless war against Israel, the residents of the camps have participated in this dispiriting and pointless charade. They have often resisted any improvements in their lot because to accept anything more than charity and subsistence—provided by UNRWA, the United Nations agency dedicated to keeping Palestinian refugees homeless—was a tacit acceptance that they weren't going back to what is now Israel.
As Kimmelman tries to argue, the fact that the residents of the camps have accepted the building of squares or ball fields can be interpreted as a sign that their ideological quest is being set aside in order to deal with their current needs. But even in this slightly hopeful context, it is hard to ignore the intransigent nature of the culture of these camps that provides an obstacle to peace that seems impossible to overcome.
As a Palestinian architect told Kimmelman, the right of return is “an architectural question in one respect,” as it is a question of the redistribution of land and buildings. The quest to give these people better lives and a sense of dignity that has been denied them is one that deserves sympathy and support. But, unfortunately, even in the context of a discussion about improving the camps and recognizing that they are more than mere way stations on a path to Israel's destruction, the rhetoric of even the most moderate voices in this piece took it as a given that “return” to Israel, i.e. the end of the Jewish state, was a given. Though an almost equal number of Jews were forced to flee from their homes in the Arab and Muslim world at the same time and made new lives in Israel and the West, the Palestinian Arabs seem to prefer ongoing misery to acceptance of the fact that they must move on.
What we must recognize here is that the pathology of hate is not merely about Palestinian violence but also the ingrained beliefs passed on from generation to generation that alone of all historical events of the last century, the creation of Israel must be reversed. Unlike the countless millions of other refugees from wars of aggression waged in their name, the descendants of the Palestinians who hoped to see the Jews prevented from having their state think they can continue to persist in this delusion and that world should support them in holding on to it.
Anyone who questions the power of this delusion should have taken note of the fact that Palestinian Authority leader Mahmoud Abbas specifically rejected an Egyptian offer to give hundreds of square miles in the Sinai adjacent to Gaza for the purpose of resettling the refugees. Abbas, the man acclaimed as a peace partner for Israel by the world, rejected the offer out of hand. The reason was that he knows the refugees and their supporters won't listen to reason and start seeking solutions to their plight that don't involve the eradication of Zionism. If it took decades for Palestinians to accept the need to build a square in their refugee camp, it's easy to understand why they won't give up their ideas about going “home” or thinking that they should be given, as some insist, a “choice” about dispossessing the Jews of Israel.
The fact that the Times and most of the rest of the international media ignored the story about Abbas's rejection of Egypt's offer says a lot about the way the world has accepted Palestinian assumptions. But while the media obsesses about Israelis building in lands that were theirs before 1948 and would remain in the Jewish state even in the event of a peace agreement, they treat the absurd Palestinian fantasies as reasonable. Far from merely an architectural question, the camps and what they represent are a permanent obstacle that must be removed if the Middle East is ever to know peace.
THE SERIES “Girls” WHEN | WHERE Sixth and final season begins Sunday at 10 p.m. on HBO GRADE A
WHAT IT'S ABOUT Hannah (Lena Dunham) finally gets her name in print, specifically in the “Modern Love” section of The New York Times. The story is titled, “Losing My Best Friend to My Ex-Boyfriend.” That leads to another writing gig that takes her to Montauk — scenes were shot at Ruschmeyer's, the Atlantic Terrace, and there's an exterior shot of Memory Motel, immortalized by the Stones — where she meets surfer dude/water ski instructor Paul-Louis (Riz Ahmed). Meanwhile, expect some cooling between Marnie (Allison Williams) and Ray (Alex Karpovsky). This is the sixth and final season.
MY SAY George Carlin once told a famous joke about the futility of giving anyone the time of day if they asked for it because “there's no present, only the immediate future and recent past.” All this means is that when you tell them the time it's already wrong because you're already in the future.
This also happens to explain why “Girls” will end this season, and pretty much has to.
Fans of the series that launched a thousand think pieces surely can't hope to escape one more in these final hours, so as you watch the first few episodes, I submit that “Girls” has always been about the illusion of the present. The future is already here — or there — and you will soon witness the dawning realization of that cold, hard fact on faces, and especially in the eyes. Like Shosh's (Zosia Mamet), for example, when she stares balefully at Jessa (Jemima Kirke), who challenges her to “grow up” in the Feb. 19 episode.
“Girls' ” resident Peter Pan, Elijah (Andrew Rannells), then yells at Jess, “Grow up? Who the [expletive] are you to say ‘grow up.' I am a grown up.”
Spoiler alert: This is one of the funniest, saddest lines of the new season.
“Girls” launched April 15, 2012, and the very first words out of Hannah's mouth were these: “I'm a growing girl.” Good writers — and Dunham is certainly one — establish their themes immediately and economically. You can't get any more immediate or economical than that. Good writers also know when to wrap, and “Girls” isn't “Friends,” after all, intent on squeezing out one more season for the enrichment of stars, networks and crews. “Girls” was “Girls,” and girls become women. Tempus fugit, ladies, tempus fugit.
Subscribe to the Entertainment newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
In fact, “Girls” was always about time, or specifically that magical gossamer moment that some people are lucky (or privileged) enough to experience when they are young and unencumbered. All the world's their stage, its props aligned for their pleasure. (Brooklyn so memorably played that role here). Narcissism was always the running joke, absence of self-awareness the other. The illusion that the moment lasts forever is another joke.
The jokes began to fray by the end of the fifth season. They may have died at the Moth open mic story slam in the finale. “Jealousy” was the theme for all those of would-be authors that night. As Hannah told the crowd, she had written her own account of jealousy — about Jessa and Adam (Adam Driver), of course — but realized she didn't have an ending. Then after delivering a “not cheap basket of fruit” to their door, she says she heard a terrific row in the apartment. Suddenly, she had her ending, and a revelation: “I'm Hannah. That's a fact. I'm Hannah forever, no matter what I do . . . I can only control the mayhem I create around me.”
With this epiphany, that gossamer moment for Hannah started to wane. When she has another revelation this season — “Nobody knows [expletive] anything” — you can actually start to see it fade away altogether.
“Girls” was always about the future too, specifically in the form of adults, who were mostly projections of Hannah/Marnie/Shosh/Jessa in the future. Either that, or they were cautionary figures, because with the exception of 30-something Ray, these adults were tragic, arrested, pathetic or infantile.
Desi (Ebon Moss-Bachrach) was and remains Exhibit A season, but you'll also meet Chuck Palmer (Matthew Rhys), a successful author who was once admired by Hannah until she learns he's a world-class creep. At least the reprobate does ask Hannah about her “dreams for the next five years.”
“I want to write,” says the person who once wanted to be the voice of her generation, and is now a woman with other hopes and dreams. “I want to write stories that make people feel less alone than I did, to laugh about the things that are painful in life.”
“Girls' ” moment is almost up, but this lovely, gossamer line reminds us why that moment was so special.
BOTTOM LINE Of course you'll love it. What else would you expect me to say?
Pin 0 Shares
We live in a consumer culture where we're constantly bombarded with advertising and marketing messages that have been carefully crafted to get us to spend money. Those sending out the marketing don't care if you have the money or not. They just want you to buy, even if it means going on a payment plan.
We're told that we need to buy the newest and the best, and that if we don't we're getting left behind. We're told that the can buy experiences or things that will make our lives better, and make us happier people.
Continues after Advertisement
The problem is that for the most part it's just not true. Too many of us get caught in a debt spiral of spending, trying to fill holes in our lives, and we become very good at rationalizing why we're spending.
Reasons Why We Overspend
Why do we overspend? There are a million different reasons. Here are some that I've come up with off the top of my head.
Easy access to credit cards : Even after our nation's debt crisis,we still have relatively easy access to credit, allowing us to buy just about whatever we want, and worry about paying it another day.
: Even after our nation's debt crisis,we still have relatively easy access to credit, allowing us to buy just about whatever we want, and worry about paying it another day. Monthly payments make it more accessible : It used to be that if you wanted something, you had to save up and pay cash. Nowadays you can just get on a monthly payment plan for anything from a car to a couch to a vacuum cleaner.
: It used to be that if you wanted something, you had to save up and pay cash. Nowadays you can just get on a monthly payment plan for anything from a car to a couch to a vacuum cleaner. Peer pressure or keeping up with the Joneses : We've all either been that person, or known someone who just always has to have the best of the best in order to keep up with the folks in their neighborhood, school or workplace. They buy things to be seen as successful or important.
: We've all either been that person, or known someone who just always has to have the best of the best in order to keep up with the folks in their neighborhood, school or workplace. They buy things to be seen as successful or important. Spending addiction or spending to feel good : Some people actually have an addiction to spending money and buying things, it gives them a high of sorts. The problem, just like with drugs, the high wears off and they need to move on to the next purchase.
: Some people actually have an addiction to spending money and buying things, it gives them a high of sorts. The problem, just like with drugs, the high wears off and they need to move on to the next purchase. Wanting to live “in the moment” : I've heard a lot of people talking about how they want to live high on the hog now, while they're still young and healthy. The result? They end up in a world of debt that they'll be paying until their old and gray.
: I've heard a lot of people talking about how they want to live high on the hog now, while they're still young and healthy. The result? They end up in a world of debt that they'll be paying until their old and gray. Wanting the best for your kids : As parents we want the best for our kids. The problem is that sometimes we can get carried away, buying all the best for our kids when it isn't even necessarily what they want or need. We buy them things to fill our own ideas of what's best for them -or to fill a void from our own childhood.
: As parents we want the best for our kids. The problem is that sometimes we can get carried away, buying all the best for our kids when it isn't even necessarily what they want or need. We buy them things to fill our own ideas of what's best for them -or to fill a void from our own childhood. Wanting things NOW : Sometimes it's just hard to have the discipline to save up for something, especially when you just want, nay, NEED, to have it now!
: Sometimes it's just hard to have the discipline to save up for something, especially when you just want, nay, NEED, to have it now! Wanting to have the newest and the latest : So many of us are big into new technology like to rationalize buying the newest or the best technology. Others rationalize that they need to have the latest in fashion or decor. In reality we could probably get by with something less the newest and best.
: So many of us are big into new technology like to rationalize buying the newest or the best technology. Others rationalize that they need to have the latest in fashion or decor. In reality we could probably get by with something less the newest and best. Not focused on long term goals: We overspend because we're distracted from or we have never focused on our long term savings and retirement goals.
So as you can see there are a plethora of reasons why we overspend. We're good at rationalizing and coming up with reasons why we should be spending on things we want. It's the discipline part that gets hard.
If you have other reasons that you've used for spending- good or bad, let us know what they are in the comments.
Addressing The Root Causes Of Our Overspending
So we know there are a million reasons why we overspend. The important thing to do in my opinion is to realize that you are overspending, and to then sit down and think about why it might be that you're overspending. Are you trying to compensate for hurts experienced as a child? Are you trying to appear more successful to others because of feelings of inadequacy? Do you just enjoy spending and the feeling it gives? Realizing that you have a spending problem, and trying to figure out why you overspend is a big part of starting to find a solution.
So what are we supposed to do about our overspending once we've thought about the root causes?
Analyze your spending : The first thing I would suggest is giving yourself a wake-up call by actually tracking your spending. At our house when we started tracking using a software called You Need A Budget, we were shocked to find out how much we spent on several non-essential categories. Knowing where we were overspending was half the battle.
: The first thing I would suggest is giving yourself a wake-up call by actually tracking your spending. At our house when we started tracking using a software called You Need A Budget, we were shocked to find out how much we spent on several non-essential categories. Knowing where we were overspending was half the battle. Set up a budget, especially in problem categories : The next step is to actually set up a budget for your household. What we've found was especially important was to set spending limits on problem categories. If, for example, you struggle with spending in your dining out category, set a limit of how much you can spend on that every month, and don't go over. Try using a cash envelope system for problem categories. Get out enough cash at the beginning of the month to cover the category, and don't go over that amount.
: The next step is to actually set up a budget for your household. What we've found was especially important was to set spending limits on problem categories. If, for example, you struggle with spending in your dining out category, set a limit of how much you can spend on that every month, and don't go over. Try using a cash envelope system for problem categories. Get out enough cash at the beginning of the month to cover the category, and don't go over that amount. Start living below your means : While it may sound like a simple concept to live below your means, it can sometimes be easier said than done. But if you do want to get ahead, you'll have to start living on less than you make, otherwise you'll just be treading water, or going under.
: While it may sound like a simple concept to live below your means, it can sometimes be easier said than done. But if you do want to get ahead, you'll have to start living on less than you make, otherwise you'll just be treading water, or going under. Save & Invest: Once you're living below your means and all debt is paid off, you can start saving and investing and start living!
So why do we overspend? It varies from person to person, and you need to think about why it may be happening for you. Once you've figured that out however, getting back on track is probably going to involve some pretty similar steps for everyone.
What tips do you have for addressing overspending? What have you done to cut back on unnecessary expenses?
Pin 0 Shares
2.3k VIEWS Share Tweet Reddit Tumblr
Gareon Conley's rape accuser told cops that the first time she met Conley was in an elevator at the Westin where he asked her if she wanted to be in a foursome.
She declined the foursome, but said she would watch instead.
She claims once she was in the room, Conley raped her. Three independent witnesses told police that Conley never had sex with her or even touched her.
A rape kit was administered and we are waiting for the results. One thing we know that is 100% false is the accuser's account when she met Conley.
TMZ has video from the Barley House in Cleveland around 2:20 AM which shows the accuser stalking Conley in and outside the club.
Several times when Conley doesn't appear that interested, she either taps him on the back or grabs his arm.
So, there is no way that she first met him at 2:45am in an elevator like she claimed to police. While it doesn't prove Conley is innocent, it does prove that the accuser started off her story with a lie. Now you have witnesses who said she is a liar and video that shows she has lied at least once.
Flip the page and you can watch the video for yourself.
Omlet
A new and improved design of beehive could be used by city dwellers to harvest up to 20 kilograms (44 pounds) of their own honey each year, according to Natural England, a British government conservation agency. The hives could also help stem the decline of bee populations.
Natural England will erect the so-called Beehaus on its roof in Victoria, central London, on Friday. The agency said the device should make it easy for anyone — from amateurs to seasoned apiarists — to help bees find a home in urban gardens.
“With the help of urban gardeners, bees can have access to a wonderfully diverse source of plants, resulting in fantastic flavorsome honey,” said James Tuthill, a co-founder of Omlet, the company that made the Beehaus, in a statement. The risk of city dwellers receiving bee stings would not be increased by the practice, officials said.
Urban beekeeping is already more than just a hobby for gardening enthusiasts or dedicated apiarists.
Fortnum & Mason, a food emporium in London, and the Palais Garnier, the Paris opera house, both have rooftop hives. In the United States, hives have been planned for the lawn of the White House.
There also is more to the beekeeping campaign than ensuring plentiful supplies of superior honey. Since 2003, there have been reports of serious losses of bees from hives in Europe and the United States.
The European Food Safety Authority says the true extent of the losses is hard to estimate but it reports that in Italy alone up to half of bees may have died in 2007.
The cause of the die-offs, known as colony collapse disorder, is unknown, although numerous factors could be responsible including starvation, viruses, mites, pesticide exposure and climate change, according to the authority.
Some members of the European Parliament have also blamed overly intensive bee production methods, pesticides and the use of genetically modified crops.
Bees play an important role in the pollination of crops including the large majority of vegetables produced in Europe, so a decline in honeybee populations could have a serious impact on agricultural production.
“We need to recognise that, if we want plants to flourish, we need healthy populations of insects to sustain them,” said Tom Tew, the chief scientist for Natural England.
The first Purple Line open house in Silver Spring on Tuesday was a chance to review updates on the transitway. (Robert Thomson/The Washington Post)
The latest change in the plan for a light rail line across Montgomery and Prince George's counties would narrow University Boulevard from six lanes to four along part of the route in the Langley Park area.
This was one of the changes that the Maryland Transit Administration's Purple Line project team showed off on Tuesday night in downtown Silver Spring during the first of five open houses to update the public on progress.
The next session is Thursday evening. Here's the full schedule:
Thursday, 5 to 8 p.m., Riverdale Elementary School, 5006 Riverdale Rd., Riverdale.
Saturday, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m., Langley Park Community Center, 1500 Merrimac Dr., Hyattsville.
May 14, 5 to 8 p.m., Bethesda-Chevy Chase High School, 4301 East-West Highway, Bethesda.
May 15, 5 to 8 p.m., Woodridge Elementary School, 5001 Flintridge Dr., Hyattsville.
After Maryland picked its preferred route for the 16-mile line and chose light rail as the mode in 2009, the project team focused on design changes that would accommodate community concerns.
The change where the light rail route travels along six-lane University Boulevard is likely to be the most dramatic in its impact on travelers of all sorts. Plans had called for placing the tracks in the median of a rebuilt six-lane road. The community was concerned about the reconstruction's impact on businesses and other properties along the way, and about pedestrian safety.
Purple Line route through Silver Spring and Langley Park. (Gene Thorp/The Washington Post)
Project manager Michael Madden said the solution worked out with the Maryland State Highway Administration after a year of study is to take the two middle lanes for the transitway, leaving a four-lane roadway in this sector. Since the roadway would not be widened, the impact on the adjacent properties would be diminished. Pedestrians would have wider sidewalks and a narrower roadway to cross.
On this part of University Boulevard, Madden said, four lanes can handle the traffic. The addition of some turn lanes also could help the traffic flow.
“This will benefit all users,” he said.
Ben Ross of the Action Committee for Transit wrote about the University Boulevard plan in an interesting posting on the Greater Greater Washington blog. Ross referred to the lane reduction as a “road diet,” a redesign style that would be familiar to many travelers in both Maryland and Virginia.
In the Silver Spring area, the most prominent example is the Montgomery County project that redesigned Arcola Avenue, a heavily used cut through route between University Boulevard and Georgia Avenue. The Virginia Department of Transportation put Lawyers Road in Reston on a similar diet.
Many drivers dislike pedestrian safety measures, because they slow them down. And University Boulevard is a prominent east-west commuter route. So it will be interesting to see how they react to the redesign for the Purple Line.
I like the concept. Many pedestrians use University Boulevard, especially in the Langley Park area. Multi-lane crossings can be dangerous under any circumstances. On April 30, D.C. Mayor Vincent C. Gray was on Connecticut Avenue near Chevy Chase Circle highlighting a relatively new style of crossing signal installed to better protect pedestrians who face similar dangers.
A road diet — actually reducing the number of lanes — is a more robust method of dealing with pedestrian safety, but University Boulevard needs more than a new style crosswalk.
• InSight Crime researches, analyzes, and investigates organized crime in the Americas. Find all of Steven Dudley's research here.
The Zetas have many sides. The group is at once sophisticated and ruthless, coordinating multicaravan ambushes and sending hooligans to launch a wild assault on a police station. It has gang-bangers and Special Forces snipers on its payroll. It uses a sophisticated radio system and a machete in the same operation. It has a political platform that consists of shaking down the entire political class. And it has the accounting system of a multinational company, but the uncanny ability to destroy its own sources of income.
It is, in essence, more organism than organization. For this reason, we tend to see what we want to see when we look at them, even when we analyze the same event. Take the August 25, 2011, afternoon assault on the Casino Royale in Monterrey. When eight men piled in the casino in four cars with automatic weapons, gasoline and lighters, two seasoned security analysts saw entirely different things.
To one analyst, the group was a sophisticated and well-trained shock unit. A security camera video of the attack, obtained via YouTube, showed “professionalism on display,” he told InSight Crime via email. He said the first vehicle was “the screen gun truck,” which was shielding the commander in his Mini Cooper. The “elements” enter the building swiftly, while another car blocked parallel traffic. Then the gun truck sealed off the driveway. He marveled how various lookouts and vehicles cleared space near where the operation was taking place and wondered aloud how many more lookouts there were in the area.
However, another very experienced security analyst said the Monterrey arsonists were amateurs with little ability to restrain themselves.
“These guys are a joke,” former Mexican intelligence officer Alejandro Hope* told InSight Crime at the time. “They let themselves be filmed. They left fingerprints everywhere. They were caught by the Nuevo Leon police. How sophisticated could you be if you let the Nuevo Leon police capture you?”
Amateurs or not, the results were the same: 52 dead, mostly middle-aged women who were trapped by the flames that engulfed the building in a matter of seconds. The ensuing scandal about criminal control of casinos would envelop Monterrey's mayor, whose brother was videotaped taking a large sum of money from a casino in what appeared to be an extortion payment. But his case was just as confounding as the arson attack. Journalists and opposition politicians told InSight Crime that the payment was part of the Zetas' extortion racket, while a local counternarcotics official said it was a separate matter and a separate extortion scheme.
From Safe Haven to Beachhead
How and why the Zetas settled in Monterrey goes a long way toward explaining who they are and how they operate. The group, as has been documented, was not always free to do what it pleased. It was part of a larger structure, one of many enforcer groups that was beholden to its boss, the Gulf Cartel. This cartel had long worked in and around Metropolitan Monterrey. (When I speak of Monterrey or the area, I am talking about Metropolitan Monterrey, which, as defined by the government statistical body INEGI, includes the municipalities Apodaca, Garcia, General Escobedo, Guadalupe, Juarez, Monterrey, San Nicolás de los Garza, San Pedro Garza Garcia, Santa Catarina, and Santiago.) The first leader of the Gulf Cartel, Juan Garcia Abrego, was captured on the outskirts of this city. But his successor, Osiel Cardenas, was less interested in Monterrey, and kept his distance. By most accounts, the Zetas did as well.
In fact, Monterrey is not the Zetas' birthplace. It's not where its top commanders come from. It has no particular connection to Zetas' lore. It was not even considered a place for them to do business until recently. Monterrey has long been known more as a safe haven for large-scale drug traffickers – a place where they could send their families to be safe from the mayhem in Juarez or Tijuana or Culiacan. Amado Carrillo, the legendary “Lord of the Skies,” reportedly moved his wife and kids to San Pedro Garza Garcia, on the city's outskirts, in the 1990s. Others did as well.
With the country's wealthiest county per capita, San Pedro is appealing for many of the same reasons as the rest of Metropolitan Monterrey. It is close to the United States. Mexican and US companies, such as Caterpillar and Callaway Golf, have long manufactured their products in the area before taking them on the quick trip north to the various border crossings. The presence of foreign companies has meant large flows of US dollars in and out of a sophisticated and extensive banking system. And with shopping malls and nice restaurants, it has often been compared to Dallas. But it is also decidedly NOT the United States. The most obvious example is San Pedro's former municipal president, Mauricio Fernandez Garza, who openly admitted to creating a paramilitary organization to “clean” the area of criminals.
Mr. Fernandez's allies in this venture were the Beltran Leyva Organization (BLO), who decided to make it their home around 2008, to escape the fighting in other parts of the country. At the time, Mexico's drug trafficking world was going through a profound transformation, splintering and realigning in the most unpredictable of ways. Following the arrest of one of its leaders, Alfredo Beltran Leyva, the BLO split with its long-time partners, the Sinaloa Cartel.
The fighting between the two groups left their headquarters of Culiacan and Morelos in shambles, and made San Pedro seem like a safe haven. The BLO, however, took the arrangement to the next level, using San Pedro as a place of both respite and business. They co-opted politicians and businessmen, and created high-level, complex extortion schemes, one of which involved a life insurance scam. They also brought in their new partner, the Zetas.
Take the 'plaza,' win the war
The Zetas were going through their own transformation at the time. They had been growing steadily since their formation in the late 1990s, and had realized that being the enforcers was a natural way to get income from other sources, which also gave them an opportunity to expand their mini-army. The money came mostly from taking a cut of the extortion, or quota system, the Gulf Cartel imposed in its areas of influence.
Mexico's underworld operates with the logic that other trafficking groups have to pay whoever controls the “plaza,” or trafficking corridor, “piso,” or rent, if they want to use the territory for their criminal activities. At first, any Zeta extortion scheme required the nod of Gulf Cartel leader Cardenas. But after Cardenas was captured and jailed in 2003, they began to operate more independently. By the time the Mexican government extradited Cardenas to the US in January 2007, the Zetas were effectively an independent organization.
What this meant in practice leads us to the heart of what makes the Zetas so difficult to decipher. Their military background and prowess made them the most effective and dangerous criminal organization in Mexico. Other criminal groups were not ready for them, and expanding their territory, they would find, was the easy part of the job. It took but a few well-trained ex-soldiers and former police, for example, to overrun a small city.
To get these recruits, they tapped into their networks of current and former security personnel, many of whom were unemployed or underemployed. The Mexican military also expels or releases thousands of soldiers per year – nearly 85,000 between December 2006, when former President [Felipe] Calderon took office, through May 2012. The police have also expelled thousands since 2006. And the Zetas have long used advertisements that appeal to a sense of camaraderie and core military values.
However, it was the money more than the values that attracted one ex-soldier I will call “Dragon,” for a tattoo he had. In his testimony to officials after his capture, which was part of a case against the Zetas, Dragon said after leaving the army, he studied education at a university in Veracruz state, and when he could not find a job in his field, he started working with a company that builds boats.
Economic crisis hit, and he was laid off. His daughter got sick around the same time, and he asked a friend of his, who was working as a “hawk,” or lookout, for the Zetas, for a loan. The lookout gave him the money and asked him if wanted to join. He declined, but when he still could not find work, he accepted.
After working as a “hawk” for a time, the Zetas saw he had promise and skills with weapons and promoted him to hitman duties. He was then sent to Ciudad del Carmen, in Campeche state, a city of 150,000 people in the southeastern corner of the Yucatan, where he joined a small team of Zetas preparing to take over the plaza.
Dragon told investigators that to do the job the Zetas sent three lieutenants with five soldiers each, a number they'd reached because they could fit each six-person unit into its own vehicle. One of the top guys in his cell was an ex-Honduran military officer, Dragon said. The others were all former Mexican police and military.
The group started the takeover by sending out two men to purchase drugs. Within hours, they located what is commonly called a “tienda” in Mexico. That night, they organized and executed a raid. The head of tienda, they found, was a woman, nicknamed “La Reina del Sur,” a nod perhaps to another, more famous drug trafficker who'd been jailed in the previous weeks. After torturing her and extracting information about the other tiendas and top drug distributors, the Zetas explained to her that they were the new bosses and that she would be paying them piso.
“Either you align yourself or you die,” they added.
(It is a powerful axiom in the underworld: "O te alineas o te mueres.")
They then went to the rest of the tiendas and repeated the process. This led them to other criminal activities such as the piracy vendors, and the prostitution rings. Within a week, the Zetas were collecting “piso” on every criminal enterprise in Ciudad del Carmen. It was a model they were replicating throughout the country.
But the Zetas also learned that controlling this highly trained, highly efficient military cadre would itself be a daunting challenge. They were, in a way, a victim of their own success. It was so easy to take a plaza, and they were so good at it, that their own men sought the same independence that has made the group such a wild card in the underworld.
To be sure, they instituted a discipline system. Dragon told investigators that it was based on the military regime: a “tablazo,” or a whack with a wooden paddle to the ass, when soldiers disobeyed. Fail to answer the radio, two “tablazos;” don't go to headquarters when called, 10 “tablazos.”
The Zetas also discovered they needed a disciplined accountant who operated separately from the military side of the organization. This was necessary to keep an eye on their complicated and multifaceted revenue stream, which by now included extortion, kidnapping, piracy, contraband, theft, prostitution, human smuggling, and human trafficking.
Simultaneously, they were making a push into the local drug markets. They were focused on the local market because they had been largely cut out of the major drug trafficking market by their bosses, the Gulf Cartel, hence their concerted push into other industries.
Given this portfolio, Monterrey did not just look good, it looked like the crown jewels. But Monterrey was not Ciudad del Carmen. It was where the big players like the BLO were, and the opening would have to come via an arrangement with one of these players, or risk a bloody war.
Such were the circumstances in 2007. The two groups were at a crossroads: the BLO in its relations with the Sinaloa Cartel, and the Zetas with regards to the Gulf Cartel. For reasons that are not clear, neither was happy with its arrangement with these bosses. The infamous drug trafficker and enforcer “La Barbie,” described it like this: “Comenzaron las envidias y se volvio toda a la guerra.” Rivalries exploded, and everything went to hell.
Even though they had been mortal enemies in the past, the Zetas and the BLO reportedly met in 2007 to talk business. Barbie said Arturo Beltran Leyva spoke with the Zetas' leaders.
“We are not friends but we have a pact, and we don't fight,” Barbie told police, before adding. “They are slimeballs.”
By 2008, with the BLO now in open confrontation with Sinaloa Cartel, those first meetings gave the opening the Zetas sought in Monterrey. Metropolitan Monterrey, minus San Pedro, was theirs.
[Claire McClesky and Christopher Looft contributed reporting to this article. Special thanks to Southern Pulse as well for its assistance on this report and coverage of the area.]
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
*Alejandro Hope is a member of InSight Crime's Board of Directors.
– Steven Dudley is a director at Insight – Organized Crime in the Americas, which provides research, analysis, and investigation of the criminal world throughout the region. Find all of his research here.
July 27, 2017 – Staff at Democratic Socialists of America (DSA), the largest socialist organization in the United States, requested and received voluntary recognition of their union. They are joining the Washington-Baltimore Local of The NewsGuild-CWA.
The group is excited to continue building on the exponential growth of DSA over the past year and to enact the political direction decided upon by the membership by advocating for sustainable working conditions and a workplace where all are treated with dignity and respect.
In a mission statement, DSA staffers explained why unionizing is a natural extension of the principles that guide their work:
“We need to practice what we preach, whether promoting diversity among leadership and staff, providing accommodation for people with disabilities, or creating the kind of community – one based on shared accountability, democracy, and transparency – that allows everyone to thrive. As an organization, we can also use this as an important example of workplace organizing.”
“We are dedicated to fighting capitalism and promoting democracy and socialism. If DSA is to be successful in this fight, national staff members must have the same protections and bargaining power we advocate for and desire for all workers,” said Administrative and Office Coordinator Eileen Casterline.
YDS Organizer Ryan Mosgrove continued, saying that the group is working “to establish structures which will promote DSA's long-term health and stability as we work together towards the eventual triumph of democratic socialism.”
Steve Jobs and Bill Gates. They were genius rivals: two American titans who transformed the technology industry and lived to see their visions of computers and electronic devices in billions of homes and offices around the world. Still, their philosophies and personalities were as different as night and day, or Macs and PCs, and over the years, they could not resist needling and antagonizing each other as they staked their claims in the global technology marketplace.
“The only problem with Microsoft is they just have no taste,” Jobs famously said in 1996. “They have absolutely no taste. And I don't mean that in a small way, I mean that in a big way, in the sense that they don't think of original ideas, and they don't bring much culture to their products.”
In 2006, when Apple released its popular Mac vs. PC ads, wherein a hip young Jobs-like character interacts with a bumbling, back-office, brown-suited Gates type, Gates was clearly irritated. “I don't know why acting like it's superior. I don't even get it,” Gates said. “If you just want to say, ‘Steve Jobs invented the world, and then the rest of us came along,' that's fine.”
Yet despite the barbs, (and occasional lawsuits) and despite the obvious competition, both Jobs and Gates were smart enough to know that there was room in the consumer market for Apple and Microsoft to coexist, and over the years, neither was too proud nor too stung by the other's words to stop them from entering into various partnerships along the way. (In fact, in 1997 Microsoft infused Apple with $150 million in cash at a time when Jobs was brought back by the board of directors to serve as interim CEO, as Apple was suffering crippling financial losses.) The same, however, cannot be said for Thomas Edison and George Westinghouse, who, more than a century ago, engaged in a nasty battle over alternating and direct current, known as the “War of Currents.” Both men knew there was room for but one American electricity system, and Edison set out to ruin Westinghouse in “a great political, legal and marketing game” that saw the famous inventor stage publicity events where dogs, horses and even an elephant were killed using Westinghouse's alternating current. The two men would play out their battle on the front pages of newspapers and in the Supreme Court, in the country's first attempt to execute a human being with electricity.
After Edison developed the first practical incandescent light bulb in 1879, supported by his own direct current electrical system, the rush to build hydroelectric plants to generate DC power in cities across the United States practically guaranteed Edison a fortune in patent royalties. But early on, Edison recognized the limitations of DC power. It was very difficult to transmit over distances without a significant loss of energy, and the inventor turned to a 28-year-old Serbian mathematician and engineer whom he'd recently hired at Edison Machine Works to help solve the problem. Nikola Tesla claimed that Edison even offered him significant compensation if he could design a more practical form of power transmission. Tesla accepted the challenge. With a background in mathematics that his inventor boss did not have, he set out to redesign Edison's DC generators. The future of electric distribution, Tesla told Edison, was in alternating current—where high-voltage energy could be transmitted over long distances using lower current—miles beyond generating plants, allowing a much more efficient delivery system. Edison dismissed Tesla's ideas as “splendid” but “utterly impractical.” Tesla was crushed and claimed that Edison not only refused to consider AC power, but also declined to compensate him properly for his work. Tesla left Edison in 1885 and set out to raise capital on his own for Tesla Electric Light & Manufacturing, even digging ditches for the Edison Company to pay his bills in the interim, until the industrialist George Westinghouse at Westinghouse Electric & Manufacturing Company, a believer in AC power, bought some of Tesla's patents and set about commercializing the system so as to take electric light to something more than an urban luxury service. While Tesla's ideas and ambitions might be brushed aside, Westinghouse had both ambition and capital, and Edison immediately recognized the threat to his business.
Within a year, Westinghouse Electric began installing its own AC generators around the country, focusing mostly on the less populated areas that Edison's system could not reach. But Westinghouse was also making headway in cities like New Orleans, selling electricity at a loss in order to cut into Edison's business. By 1887, after only a year in the business, Westinghouse had already more than half as many generating stations as Edison. The concern at Edison was palpable, as sales agents around the country were demoralized by Westinghouse's reach into rural and suburban areas. But Thomas Edison had an idea. Surely Westinghouse's system must be more dangerous, what with all that voltage passing through the wires. “Just as certain as death,” Edison predicted, “Westinghouse will kill a customer within 6 months after he puts in a system of any size.”
In November 1887, Edison received a letter from a dentist in Buffalo, New York, who was trying to develop a more humane method of execution than hanging. Having witnessed a drunk man accidentally kill himself by touching a live electric generator, Alfred P. Southwick became convinced that electricity could provide a quicker, less painful alternative for criminals condemned to death. Perhaps the Wizard of Menlo Park might have some thoughts about the best electric current “to produce death with certainty in all cases.” Edison, who opposed capital punishment, at first declined to get involved with Southwick's project. But when the dentist persisted, Edison, recognizing the opportunity that had landed in his lap, wrote back to say that although he would “join heartily in an effort to totally abolish capital punishment,” he did have some thoughts about electric currents in which to dispose of “criminals under sentence of death.”
“The most effective of these,” he wrote, “are known as ‘alternating machines,' manufactured principally in this country by Mr. Geo. Westinghouse, Pittsburgh.”
In June 1888, Edison began to demonstrate the lethal power of alternating current for reporters. He rigged a sheet of tin to an AC dynamo and led a dog onto the tin to drink from a metal pan. Once the dog touched the metal surface, it yelped and“the little cur dog fell dead.”
Electricity will kill a man “in the ten-thousandth part of a second,” Edison told one reporter shortly after the demonstration, and he was quick to remind him that “the current should come from an alternating machine.”
The battle of the currents had begun. Westinghouse recognized what Edison was up to and wrote the inventor a letter, stating, “I believe there has been a systemic attempt on the part of some people to do a great deal of mischeaf and creat as great a difference as possible between the Edison Company and The Westinghouse Electric Co., when there ought to be an entirely different condition of affairs.” Edison saw no reason to cooperate, and he continued his experiments at varying levels of voltage with dozens of stray dogs purchased from neighborhood boys in Orange, New Jersey at 25 cents each. Edison's research was soon proving that alternating current was, as he said, “beyond all doubt more fatal than the continuous current.” By the end of the year, Edison arranged a demonstration before a New York State committee impaneled to investigate the use of electricity in executions. At his West Orange laboratory, the inventor wired electrodes to several calves and a horse; even though the animals' deaths were not quick, the committee was impressed. New York State expressed a desire to purchase “three Westinghouse alternating-current dynamos,” but Westinghouse refused to sell them for the purpose of what was now being described as “electrocution.” It did not matter. An electricity salesman named Harold Brown was commissioned by the state to build an electric chair, and Edison was paying him behind the scenes to use alternating current in his design. Somehow, Brown got his hands on some AC dynamos.
When New York State sentenced convicted murderer William Kemmler to death, he was slated to become the first man to be executed in an electric chair. Killing criminals with electricity “is a good idea,” Edison said at the time. “It will be so quick that the criminal can't suffer much.” He even introduced a new word to the American public, which was becoming more and more concerned by the dangers of electricity. The convicted criminals would be “Westinghoused.”
Westinghouse was livid. He faced millions of dollars in losses if Edison's propaganda campaign convinced the public that his AC current would be lethal to homeowners. Westinghouse contributed $100,000 toward legal fees for Kemmler's appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court, where it was argued that death in the electric chair amounted to cruel and unusual punishment. Both Kemmler and Westinghouse were unsuccessful, and on August 6, 1890, Kemmler was strapped into Harold Brown's chair at Auburn prison and wired to an AC dynamo. When the current hit him, Kemmler's fist clenched so tight that blood began to trickle from his palm down the arm of the chair. His face contorted, and after 17 seconds, the power was shut down. Arthur Southwick, “the father of the electric chair,” was in attendance and proclaimed to the witnesses, “This is the culmination of ten years work and study. We live in a higher civilization today.”
Yet behind the dentist, Kemmler began to shriek for air.
“Great God! He's alive!” someone shouted.
“Turn on the current! Turn on the current instantly!” another screamed. “This man is not dead!”
But the dynamo needed time to build its current, and Kemmler wheezed and gasped before the horrified witnesses as the electricity began to course through his body. Some witnesses fainted while others vomited, as it appeared that Kemmler was on the verge of regaining consciousness. The back of his coat briefly caught fire. Minutes passed until Kemmler finally went rigid. The current stopped and he was pronounced dead by Dr. Edward Spitzka, who predicted, “there will never be another electrocution.”
Westinghouse was horrified by the reports of Kemmler's execution. “It has been a brutal affair,” he said. “They could have done better with an ax.”
Thomas Edison believed that future executions by AC current would go more smoothly, “without the scene at Auburn today.” To further demonstrate the lethal nature of alternating current, he held a widely attended spectacle in Coney Island, New York, where a circus elephant named Topsy was to be executed after she was deemed to be too dangerous to be around people. The elephant had killed three men in recent years—one a trainer who had tried to feed Topsy a lit cigarette. Edison had Topsy fitted with copper-wire sandals, and before a crowd of thousands, an AC current of 6,000 volts was sent coursing through the elephant until she toppled to her side, dead.
Despite all of Edison's efforts, and despite his attempts to persuade General Electric otherwise, the superiority of the AC current was too much for Edison and his DC system to overcome. In 1893, Westinghouse was awarded the contract to light the Chicago World's Fair, bringing all the positive publicity he would need to make alternating current the industry standard. For his part, Edison later admitted that he regretted not taking Tesla's advice.
Sources
Books: Mark Essig, Edison & The Electric Chair, Walker and Company, 2003. Craig Brandon, The Electric Chair: An Unnatural American History, McFarland & Company, Inc., 1999. Gilbert King, The Execution of Willie Francis: Race, Murder, and the Search for Justice in the American South, Basic Civitas Books, 2008.
Articles: “”Wait Till the NEXT One!” Newsweek, February 11, 2007. http://www.thedailybeast.com/newsweek/2007/02/12/wait-till-the-next-one.html Creating Jobs” by Steve Lohr, New York Times, January 12, 1997. “Steve Jobs and Bill Gates: It's Complicated” by Jay Greene, CNET News, Microsoft, August 24, 2011. “Coney Elephant Killed” New York Times, January 6, 1903.
It was a Sunday evening. A 35-year-old was in his bedroom using his cellphone when he thought he heard his neighbours gossiping about him again.
They were seemingly badmouthing the 35-year-old, accusing him of having sexual relations with his mother and sister. He could not take it anymore. In a fit of anger and embarrassment, he chopped off his genitals. His family took him to hospital where they learnt for the first time that he was a schizophrenic and the neighbours' gossip was just his imagination.
Schizophrenia is a severe mental disorder in which people interpret reality abnormally. It may result in some combination of hallucinations, delusions, and extremely disordered thinking and behaviour that impairs daily functioning, and can be disabling. According to doctors, this is not the first case where a patient suffering from the illness has chopped off his private parts. It has become an emerging trend as four such cases have been reported at Delhi's Sir Ganga Ram Hospital this year where the patients attacked themselves because of voices in their heads.
The 35-year-old has been suffering from schizophrenia for the past 15 years and he “hears” people casting aspersions on him. He lives in west Delhi with his parents and younger sister who is unmarried. His elder sister is married and lives nearby. The family members were unaware about his condition as they had never consulted a doctor, thinking he was just mentally challenged.
So, they never pushed him to get married. At the time of the incident, his father was managing his retail store in the neighbourhood. His mother and sister were watching television in another room when they heard a loud scream. They rushed to his room that was bolted from inside. On breaking in, they found him lying unconscious in a pool of blood. The severed genitalia were lying next to him. They called up his father who later took him to Sir Ganga Ram Hospital. Meanwhile, a team of doctors from the urology department first tried to fix the private parts. However, it could not be done as a lot of time had elapsed.
Canadian Heritage Minister Melanie Joly launched the next phase of her consultation on supporting Canadian content in a digital world this morning, but the results from the first “pre-consultation” phase – an online poll of the public and stakeholders – already points to the policy challenge faced by the government. The poll received more than 10,000 responses with participants asked to identify the major barriers and challenges for Canadian content. The perspective of the public and stakeholders (I place “stakeholders” in quotation marks in the title because all Canadian stakeholders) are strikingly different, with the public citing the challenges in finding and promoting content and the stakeholders seeking more money.
For example, the survey asked participants to identify “the most urgent challenges facing the culture sector in the creation, discovery and export of Canadian content in a digital world.” The top answer for the public was foreign competition and making content stand out online. In other words, the public says there is an incredible array of choice led by large foreign providers and that finding Canadian content is not easy. Industry stakeholders do not see it that way, however. Their top challenge – by far – was creator remuneration followed by how public funding is allocated. Foreign competition and making content stand out online rank further down the list.
The divide is similarly apparent when asked about the most urgent barriers. The public says there isn't enough quality content produced. Stakeholders blame everyone else – their top two barriers are consumers (who they say expect free or low cost content) and the government (they say their programs have not kept pace).
Given these views, the proposed solutions also diverge significantly. The public says the most effective tool to address the issue better efforts to promote and brand Canada abroad. Stakeholders want more money as “enhanced public support for creators” and “direct government support to creative industries” – both essentially more tax dollars for the industry – rank as the top two solutions.
Joly's latest consultation talks about looking confidently to the future and rightly notes that “the way forward is not attempting to regulate content on the Internet.” The public seems largely on board as their responses focus on the need to better promote Canadian content so that it is easier to find. The industry, on the other hand, seems content to use the consultation to seek more public funding, suggesting that the technologies may have changed, but using the policy process to lobby for more tax dollars remains the same.
It might sound like something you'd order at a drive-thru window, but a MacPEGOT is actually one of the most coveted accolades in entertainment.
The acronym stands for six different awards: the MacArthur Fellowship, the Pulitzer (or Peabody), the Emmy, the Grammy, the Oscar and the Tony. And it turns out Lin-Manuel Miranda, the creator of “Hamilton” ― who just nabbed himself a Golden Globe nomination for the song he wrote for the Disney animated film “Moana” ― is one little “O” away from completing the sextet.
Forget EGOTing. We're talking about MacPEGOTing.
A bit of a day, a bit of a day, a bit of a day! https://t.co/nK9hXMeAYL — Lin-Manuel Miranda (@Lin_Manuel) December 12, 2016
Here's Miranda's MacPEGOT breakdown:
He won the “ Mac ” in 2015. The MacArthur foundation cited his work on the musical “In The Heights.”
” in 2015. The MacArthur foundation cited his work on the musical “In The Heights.” He won the “ P ” in 2016 for “Hamilton.”
” in 2016 for “Hamilton.” He won the “ E ” in 2014, when he was awarded a Primetime Emmy ― Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics ― for his work on the song “Bigger” (with Tom Kitt) for the 67th Tony Awards.
” in 2014, when he was awarded a Primetime Emmy ― Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics ― for his work on the song “Bigger” (with Tom Kitt) for the 67th Tony Awards. He won the first “ G ” in 2008, taking home the gramophone for Best Musical Theater Album for “In The Heights.” And then he won it again for, yes, “Hamilton” in 2016.
” in 2008, taking home the gramophone for Best Musical Theater Album for “In The Heights.” And then he won it again for, yes, “Hamilton” in 2016. Pending: the “ O ” ― which, if the Golden Globes are any indicator, he could win for his work writing “How Far I'll Go,” the theme song for “Moana.”
” ― which, if the Golden Globes are any indicator, he could win for his work writing “How Far I'll Go,” the theme song for “Moana.” And he won his first slew of “Ts” back in 2008 for “In The Heights.” Then he won another batch in 2016, for ... what was it? Oh yes. A small production called “Hamilton.” Have you heard of it?
Now, for those MacPEGOT deniers who think a little ol' song from “La La Land” might upend Miranda's chances of making history at the Academy Awards in 2017, think about this: Miranda is starring in the “Mary Poppins” reboot with Emily Blunt set for 2018. He's also composing music for the live-action “Little Mermaid” (date: TBD). And he's the creative producer behind a series of screen adaptations of Patrick Rothfuss' “Kingkiller Chronicle” novels (dates: also TBD).
Miranda taking home an Oscar isn't just a possibility for this awards season, it's probably an inevitability for all conceivable near-future awards seasons. If he doesn't MacPEGOT this February, he will MacPEGOT some February. (Note: Miranda was a part of the music department for “Star Wars: A Force Awakens.” How was he not nominated for “Jabba Flow,” guys?)
In a statement sent to The Huffington Post following the Golden Globes announcement, Miranda said:
Gracias. Merci. Grazie. Danke sehr. Mahalo. Thank you Hollywood Foreign Press Association for this tremendous honor. Congratulations to my fellow nominees. Over two years ago, I was lucky enough to have been given my dream job, writing songs for a Disney animated film, alongside the amazing Opetaia Foa'i & Mark Mancina. Today, for “Moana” to be recognized for what we created is truly beyond comprehension. “How Far I'll Go” not only embodies the spirit of our heroine but the central lesson from the film ― dream big, listen to your gut, don't give up, never forget where you came from, and one day you might just save the world.
Following his Oscar nom, he sent the following:
Thank you to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences — thank you so much for this honor. I spent a good chunk of my childhood memorizing Billy Crystal's musical Oscar monologues, so this is insane. Seeing “The Little Mermaid” changed my life at 9 years old, so to work with its directors Ron Clements and John Musker on “Moana” has been a dream come true. I share this humbling honor with them, my Moana songwriting partners Opetaia Foa'i and Mark Mancina, and the entire Disney family. Congratulations to all this morning's incredible nominees. And future congratulations to the kids watching the telecast this year, singing along with their favorite songs, performing epic private concerts for the mirror with a comb or a toothbrush microphone. You're next.
That's all beautiful and great, Lin. But the world wants to know: Have you already purchased a diamond-encrusted necklace that reads “MacPEGOT”?
Another bit of trivia: The late composer Richard Rodgers, the namesake of the Broadway theater “Hamilton” calls home, achieved the enviable status of PEGOT winner. But he never did get that “Mac.”
Susie Wolff: "I don't race to prove a point about women, I race because it's my passion" [EXCLUSIVE]
We spoke to Formula 1's leading lady about sexy photoshoots, flying the flag for Scotland and making it against the odds in a male dominated sport
Geared up for a challenge: "The gender issue will always be there but I race for me because I want to be successful"
She's leading the pack of up-and-coming female racing drivers and set to become the first woman to race in a grand prix since the 80s. We caught up with the star of the BBC's prime-time documentary "DRIVEN: The Fastest Woman in the World"...
Scotland punches well above its weight in sports. Do you feel pressure to live up to the likes of Andy Murray and Chris Hoy?
Susie Wolff: I feel lucky that I can look around and see so many other successful Scots #flyingtheflag.
I think we can be very proud of what we have achieved as a small country in sport on an international level. I feel lucky that I can look around and see so many other successful Scots flying the flag.
You're a woman in F1. You're probably bored of getting asked about that aren't you?
It is just the way it is. I don't race to prove a point about women being able to compete against men equally. I race because it is my passion and I love it. The gender issue will always be there but I race for me because I want to be successful.
Nascar's Danica Patrick has come under fire for doing 'sexy' photo shoots. Does this make it difficult for women to be taken seriously?
"I don't see sexy photo shoots being an issue, as @DanicaPatrick backs up her image with strong results on track" #susiewolff
I think any sponsor is interested in having someone they can promote and who represents their brand well, male or female. Some drivers in F1 are doing aftershave adverts and watch advertisements so its part of the package. Danica backs up her image with strong results on track so I don't see it being an issue. It has helped her get to where she is and she has no problem with it so why not?
Who's your top tip for this year's F1 title?
I think it will be very hard to beat Vettel again, the car is fast, and he is confident and strong. His main competitors will be Alonso and Hamilton but he is still the man to beat.
Who are your biggest role models in motorsport?
There is no female who has achieved what I hope to achieve so I feel like I am just on my path and I'm enjoying every minute of chasing my dream.
Your brother helped make the BBC documentary about you, Driven. How did that feel?
There were a couple of times when we wanted to throttle each other! I am more of a private person so obviously letting someone in that close can be quite difficult, particularly when things are not going well but I think the fact it was my brother meant that I opened up a lot more than I otherwise would have.
You got to test-drive the FW35 before anybody else. That must have been pretty fun! Do you think it'll get you one step closer to a race seat?
I was very proud. You have to imagine, there are over 500 people at the Williams factory in Grove working on building that new car so to drive it for the first time was a big honour. There were many engineers and designers there to watch their “baby” do its first few kilometre's. Was a special day. Yes, each day spent in the car and with the team gets me better prepared and closer to F1.
You started out in DTM with Mercedes before moving to F1. How are you finding the transition?
DTM is an incredibly high level of racing; just look what Paul Di Resta managed to achieve moving from DTM to F1. Without a doubt my seven years in DTM helped me progress and improve as a driver as the level of racing is so high. You could put more than half of the DTM grid in an F1 car and they would perform very well.
You're an FIA Ambassador for women in motor sport. What's involved?
"The main job as an FIA Ambassador is to show women that we have a place in a male dominated world" #susiewolff
The main job is just to show women that we have a place in what is otherwise seen as a very male dominated world. We are not pushing women in, it has to happen organically but it's simply about creating a network where women can help and inspire each other.
As a woman in motorsport, how important is the support of family?
It is important for anyone! I think no matter what you do in life, family is the basis of everything. I am so lucky to have a brilliant family and without them I would never have made it as a professional racing driver.
What upcoming events are you looking forward to this year in motorsport?
I am lucky to attend every F1 GP so this I already look forward to. I hope to also make it to Goodwood Festival of Speed this year.
What would you cook as your meal on Come Dine with Me?
I'm a terrible cook (my poor husband!) and I only have a few signature dishes, which I cook over and over. I think a traditional roast chicken dinner, this I learnt properly from my Grandma.
You get to drive sports cars for a living. What do you drive to the supermarket?
I drive a Mercedes-Benz C-Class Coupe in white with AMG sports package.
If the Texans need to move their regular season opener out of Houston, it looks like the team will have some options.
Two different cities have stepped forward and offered to host the Texans' Week 1 game against the Jaguars if it can't be played in Houston. Although NRG Stadium avoided any major damage from Hurricane Harvey, hosting a game in Houston might not be easy. For one, the city would have to devote considerable gameday resources -- like police, firemen and emergency personnel -- to the stadium that might take away from hurricane recovery.
Not to mention, the NFL would also need to know that 70,000 people can safely get to NRG Stadium and back home for the Sept. 10 game.
The Texans have insisted the game won't be moved, but if things change, Jaguars owner Shad Khan said on Wednesday that his team would be more than happy to swap home dates and play Week 1 in Jacksonville.
"The Jacksonville Jaguars will support whatever scheduling decision the NFL makes," Khan said in a statement. "What's most important to me and everyone in Jacksonville isn't where we'll play the Texans on Week 1, but that the City of Houston and its people recover quickly, safely and successfully."
If the Texans were to take the Jaguars up on their offer, that means the two would play their Week 1 game in Jacksonville, and then play their Week 15 game in Houston. That potential switch would mean that the Jaguars would close the season with three straight road games.
If the Texans wanted to make a switch closer to home, San Antonio is also willing to help. The city's director of the convention and sports facilities department, Michael Sawaya, told the Houston Chronicle that the Texans would be welcome to play at the Alamodome.
"The Alamodome has not been contacted about the possibility of moving the Texans season opener to the Alamodome, however we have made NRG Stadium management and the Texans aware that we could host the game if they should need to relocate for Sunday, Sept. 10," Sawaya said.
The Alamodome hosted the Saints for three games in 2005 after Hurricane Katrina struck New Orleans.
Although Jacksonville and San Antonio have both offered to host the Texans' opener, general manager Rick Smith has made it clear that he wants the game in Houston.
"The game is at NRG. It's scheduled to be played at NRG, so it will be played at NRG," Smith said on Wednesday.
If the game were to move to another city, the Texans aren't scheduled to play at home again until Oct. 1, which would give Houston more than a month to recover from Hurricane Harvey and prepare for hosting an NFL game.
The Ministry for Primary Industries (MPI) is still investigating whether an infant formula consignment in China is being held up because of the 1080 threat.
The Infant Formula Exporters' Association has said about $1.5 million of exports are stuck at a Shanghai port.
MPI deputy director general, Scott Gallacher, said the reasons behind the hold up are still unclear, with Chinese authorities denying any knowledge of a problem.
Photo: RNZ / Alexander Robertson
"We're still trying to get to the bottom as to whether the delay is related to the criminal blackmail threat, or some other reason.
"And obviously overnight we sought further conformation from our counterparts in China and they continued to indicate they are unaware of any consignments being held up at the border as a result of this criminal blackmail threat."
Mr Gallacher said delays happen daily and for many different reasons.
Meanwhile, police are investigating reports of historical thefts of 1080 that have come to light as part of their investigation into the threat to poison infant formula.
Police deputy commissioner Mike Clement said trying to unravel the details of thefts which happened some years ago was complex.
He said police were trying to keep track of all sources of 1080 and ensure they were accounted for.
"We are exploring some reports of 1080 that's either not accounted for or allegedly stolen but once again that's not a simple process but certainly it's a major part of the investigation. I can't be specific with regard to when, it's mostly historic."
He said staff have visited 253 retailers who sell infant formula and hoped to visit every retailer on their list within two weeks.
Calm response
Police and officials from the Ministry for Primary Industries said the response from trading partners and the public to the threat has been calm.
Two letters sent in November, one to Fonterra and the other to Federated Farmers, threatened the poisoning unless aerial drops of 1080 to control pests ceased by the end of this month.
At a media conference in Wellington on the threat Mr Clement said there had been 68 calls from the public about the scare.
Mr Clement said that demonstrated public support for the investigation through what has been revealed via the media.
Ministry of health chief advisor Dr Pat Tuohy said the feedback from the public was that they appreciated being informed.
Police revealed this week they had spent more than three months investigating the threat.
Following the threat, the Government made it illegal for anyone to possess high purity 1080 without the appropriate approval.
Little gain in going public with 1080 threat says analyst
A product-tampering and extortion analyst questioned why the Government went public about the threat.
Photo: FOREST AND BIRD
Prime Minister John Key said the decision to go public was advised by New Zealand officials after a number of media inquiries.
"The overall decision was made by myself and a senior group of ministers a long time ago," he said.
"That was because I thought, once you got to the point at which the threat date went beyond that; a, we have a good story to tell, very confident about the safety of the product, b, I think we owe it to consumers to say, look, just be a bit more vigilant because this is out there."
He conceded there were reasons not to go public - like encouraging people who carry out those sorts of acts.
He said, on balance, it was decided the public should be told.
But extortion analyst from global risk-management company Red24 Shane Russell said it was hard to see what the Government was gaining by going public.
"You don't believe there's any risk at the moment so you're going to presumably damage sales of dairy products and it would seem to me to be an encouragement to others that all you need to do it send a letter and look at the chaos you can create."
Photo: RNZ
She said 90 percent of these sorts of threats turned out to be hoaxes and that going public with the threat was not a course of action her group would advise.
"You have to ask what you are gaining by going public in this way, you're not actually protecting the public, because if this guy or group are serious about carrying out this threat there is nothing to stop them."
Trade Minister Tim Groser believed the infant formula contamination threat has been handled extremely well.
He said the threat was keep quiet until now to give the Government extra time to prepare.
"Precisely to give us time to put extra layers of defence in place, to work with regulatory authorities in other countries to give them assurances and I must say that strategy so far has worked extremely well."
'Treeless' outer suburbs put people's health at risk, researchers warn planners
Updated
Urban planners and researchers warn increasing housing density in Australian cities must not be at the expense of tree cover and its cooling benefits.
A pilot study done by a team from the University of Melbourne warned "treeless" outer suburbs were a risk to health and wellbeing.
One of the researchers, Dr Stephen Livesley said housing developers now often had a focus on maximising the number of housing blocks while achieving minimum plot size.
"We need to consider the types of residential landscapes we're creating now and what we're asking people to live in for the coming 20, 30, 40 years," he told 891 ABC Adelaide.
The researchers, in part, considered the "human thermal comfort" of Melbourne and its suburbs.
"We have warm cities because of the amount of heat-absorbing material. Cross that with climate change and in a heatwave event we're starting to see some large mortality events," Dr Livesley said.
"Trees can play a large part in preventing some of that exposure to high temperatures.
"The outer suburbs seem to be somehow disadvantaged and that's something that we need to know. The urban 'heat island' does not stop at the CBD, the urban 'heat island' goes right out into the suburbs as well."
Research looked at 'established' outer suburbs
Dr Livesley said the pilot study was prompted by a perception many outer suburbs had fewer trees than elsewhere and researchers were keen to work out if that were true and what the health implications might be.
"[It seems] that as you go out of the city, the outer suburbs - which aren't necessarily young, seem to be less shaded by tree cover," he said.
"We made sure the suburbs we were looking at were not very young. The suburbs that we looked at were at least 25-30 years [old]."
Many people's experience of nature is very much in an urban context, so if you're able to bring some of the biodiversity into the city it means people will appreciate more of what it's like to live in Australia and have a little bit of the bush in their own 'backyard'. Dr Stephen Livesley
Dr Livesley said access to nature was important for wellbeing.
"You're talking about the mental health benefits, the sense of place. That was one of the alarming findings we had from this small study in Melbourne," he said.
"Why should people in those outer suburbs have less tree cover and less chance to interact with nature and birds?
"Just driving home or walking through a suburb where there is vegetation is able to calm you down after a stressful day at work."
The team also considered how many urban dwellers experienced the natural environment.
"Many people's experience of nature is very much in an urban context, so if you're able to bring some of the biodiversity into the city ... it means people will appreciate more of what it's like to live in Australia and have a little bit of the bush in their own 'backyard'," Dr Livesley said.
Buyers in new areas 'demand landscaping'
The Tree Advisory Board in South Australia said Adelaide's outer suburbs were not necessarily sparse with tree cover, as the Victorian study suggested of outer urban environments.
Kelvin Trimper, from the board, said buyers in new housing areas were generally well served despite smaller blocks.
"People who are buying demand [landscaping]. Everyone understands the importance of developing that landscape in terms of creating that sense of community," he said.
"[It is] letting people get out of their houses, get away from their computers, TV screens, and mix and mingle in the streets and in the parks.
"Get a mid-30s day in Adelaide and [in tree-lined] suburbs you still see people walking around because they've got the shade, they've got the protection, they've got the cooling effect.
"A suburb without that tree cover is like a desert."
Mr Trimper said the cliched view that "leafy suburbs" were more affluent no longer was the reality.
"We tend to associate the green, leafy suburbs with affluence but that's not necessarily the case," he said.
"I think there are new suburbs emerging, both north and south of the city, where there's been excellent cooperation between developers and local government to get the early canopy established as quickly as possible.
"I think we're breaking with that long tradition where we used to think that only the leafy suburbs were the affluent people. I don't think that's true any more."
Trees take time to grow to provide shade
Mr Trimper said despite smaller housing blocks, developers generally gave high priority to creating green suburbs.
"I think the tree cover in outer areas is actually there [but] it takes time to establish," he said.
"[It is vital] we select the right trees to go in the right locations, so that we maximise the amenity they create, the cooling effect they have.
"Some need to be deciduous to let light in [to houses] during the winter, particularly where there's higher density and we need that sunshine in the winter to feel warm and they've got to provide dense shade in the summer so we get the cooling effect."
He said planning regulations helped ensure outer suburbs had adequate parks, reserves and street plantings.
"In SA we have rules about how much open space we require in our developments," he said.
"In our growth suburbs - Salisbury, Playford, Gawler, Noarlunga - we've got a pretty good planning regime in place which ensures that developers and local governments place landscaping at the top of the list."
Mr Trimper cited the success of the Golden Grove housing development in Adelaide's north-east.
"Golden Grove did increase housing density in the 1980s and 90s. Now if you look across Golden Grove you can hardly see a rooftop," he said.
Rising water cost a new factor
The rising cost of water became a more significant factor in decisions about planting since severe drought years less than a decade ago.
"Trees need water to survive, [but] we went through a drought over a number of years," he said.
"To expect people to water a street tree, there's a lot of water that's involved there to get the tree established. Once it's established, provided the tree was selected appropriately [for the climate] it can look after itself, but those early years it needs nurturing.
"The northern suburbs councils have resolved this by having access to recycled water, particularly for their reserves."
The Tree Advisory Board said nurseries provided excellent advice if people went there with information about such things as the size of the area they wished to shade, how close footings and fences were and whether they needed winter light into their property.
"Similarly we have a tool developed by the Botanic Gardens called the plant selector tool, which helps us all in looking at the range of options of tree types for a particular location," Mr Trimper said.
Topics: urban-development-and-planning, community-and-society, climate-change, housing, adelaide-5000, sa, golden-grove-5125, noarlunga-centre-5168, seaford-5169, vic, melbourne-3000
First posted
It's pretty clear that GitHub is one of the favorite targets for distributed denial-of-service (DDOS) attacks. The service is currently facing another attack wave.“We are currently working to mitigate an incoming DDoS attack. We'll provide additional information as it becomes available,” GitHub wrote just a few minutes ago.The code repository hasn't shared any additional details in the meantime and may not even do so if the attack isn't much more serious than the regular DDOS attacks targeting it.GitHub handles such situations so often that it has gotten so accustomed to mitigating them that access to the service is usually restored within about 20 minutes.The service is armed with enough weapons to handle volumetric and complex attacks, so everything should be back to normal in no time.Last week, they faced one of the biggest attacks in recent months and, as a result, GitHub started working on ways to improve its DDOS mitigating capabilities to make sure that even uncommon operations could be blocked quickly, so that users could get their service back.On March 11, the attack was so wide that GitHub went down for 2 hours, a lot more than the regular 20 minutes that people are used to.The efforts to reduce the number of legitimate users who are flagged as attack traffic continues.GitHub is back to working order.
OBJECTIVE:
A direct link between the mouth cavity and the brain for glucose (GLUC) and caffeine (CAF) has been established. The aim of this study is to determine whether a direct link for both substrates also exist between the nasal cavity and the brain.
METHODS:
Ten healthy male subjects (age 22 ± 1 years) performed three experimental trials, separated by at least 2 days. Each trial included a 20-s nasal spray (NAS) period in which solutions placebo (PLAC), GLUC, or CAF were provided in a double-blind, randomized order. During each trial, four cognitive Stroop tasks were performed: two familiarization trials and one pre- and one post-NAS trial. Reaction times and accuracy for different stimuli (neutral, NEUTR; congruent, CON; incongruent INCON) were determined. Electroencephalography was continuously measured throughout the trials. During the Stroop tasks pre- and post-NAS, the P300 was assessed and during NAS, source localization was performed using standardized low-resolution brain electromagnetic tomography (sLORETA).
RESULTS AND DISCUSSION:
NAS activated the anterior cingulate cortex (ACC). CAF-NAS also increased θ and β activity in frontal cortices. Furthermore, GLUC-NAS increased the β activity within the insula. GLUC-NAS also increased the P300 amplitude with INCON (P = 0.046) and reduced P300 amplitude at F3-F4 and P300 latency at CP1-CP2-Cz with NEUTR (P = 0.001 and P = 0.016, respectively). The existence of nasal bitter and sweet taste receptors possibly induce these brain responses.
CONCLUSION:
Greater cognitive efficiency was observed with GLUC-NAS. CAF-NAS activated cingulate, insular, and sensorymotor cortices, whereas GLUC-NAS activated sensory, cingulate, and insular cortices. However, no effect on the Stroop task was found.
WASHINGTON - A U.S. military drone strike in Yemen last December may have killed up to a dozen civilians on their way to a wedding and injured others, including the bride, a human rights group says. U.S. officials say only members of al-Qaida were killed, but they have refused to make public the details of two U.S. investigations into the incident.
Human Rights Watch released a report on the drone strike Thursday, citing interviews with eight witnesses and relatives of the dead as well as Yemeni officials. The report said four Hellfire missiles were fired at a wedding procession of 11 vehicles on Dec. 12, 2013, in Radda in southern Yemen, killing at least 12 men and wounding at least 15 others, six of them seriously.
The report said the procession "may have included members" of Yemen's al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula, "although it is not clear who they were or what was their fate." Family members and survivors say all those hit were civilians; Yemeni officials told Human Rights Watch that most were militants.
"We asked both the Yemeni and the U.S. authorities to tell us which of the dead and wounded were members of militant groups and which if any were civilians," report author Letta Tayler, a senior terrorism and counterterrorism researcher at Human Rights Watch, told The Associated Press. "They did not reply to this question."
She added: "While we do not rule out the possibility that AQAP fighters were killed and wounded in this strike, we also do not rule out the possibility that all of those killed and wounded were civilians."
The New York-based group called on the U.S. government to investigate and make the findings public.
A Pentagon spokesman, Navy Rear Adm. John Kirby, said he would not comment on specific operational details. He noted that the Yemeni government has stated that the targets were "dangerous senior al-Qaida militants."
U.S. and Yemeni officials said the target of the attack, Shawqi Ali Ahmad al-Badani, a midlevel al-Qaida leader, was wounded and had escaped.
Al-Badani is on Yemen's most wanted list and is accused of masterminding a plan for a major attack last summer. When an intercepted message revealed the plot, the U.S. temporarily closed 19 of its diplomatic posts across Africa and the Mideast. Some European missions were closed as well.
Three U.S. officials said the U.S. government did investigate the strike against al-Badani - twice - and concluded that only members of al-Qaida were killed in the three vehicles that were hit.
The officials say the Pentagon can't release details, because both the U.S. military and the CIA fly drones over Yemen. By statute, the military strikes can be acknowledged, but the CIA operations cannot. The officials said if they explain one strike but not another, they are revealing by default which ones are being carried out by the CIA.
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the drone operations publicly.
The continued secrecy surrounding the drone program shows how the Obama administration has been slow to transfer the CIA drones over to the military's Joint Special Operations Command nearly a year after Obama promised in a May 2013 speech to put the military largely in charge of lethal strikes and thereby make the program more transparent. Congress has objected to the transfer to the military, because the CIA can strike in countries where the military cannot - for instance, in countries that refuse to allow U.S. counterterrorist actions on its soil.
With the drone program in limbo, U.S. officials have simply continued to say nothing of the strikes, wherever they occur.
"The U.S. refusal to explain a deadly attack on a marriage procession raises critical questions about the administration's compliance with its own targeted killing policy," Tayler wrote in the report.
Obama's new guidelines include using lethal force "only to prevent or stop attacks against U.S. persons, and even then, only when capture is not feasible and no other reasonable alternatives exist to address the threat effectively." It also requires "near certainty" of no civilian casualties.
"When we believe that civilians may have been killed, we investigate thoroughly," said Caitlin Hayden, a National Security Council spokeswoman. "In situations where we have concluded that civilians have been killed, the U.S. has made condolence payments where appropriate and possible." She would not say whether the U.S. contributed any money to families of the dead in this incident.
The local Yemeni governor and military commander called the strike a mistake and compensated the families of those killed and injured.
Lt. Gen. Joseph Votel, commander of Joint Special Operations Command, ordered an independent investigation by an Air Force general and the White House requested another by the National Counterterrorism Center. Both concluded no civilians were killed. Votel's staff also showed lawmakers video of the operation. Two U.S. officials who watched the video and were briefed on the investigations said it showed three trucks in the convoy were hit, all carrying armed men.
The Human Rights Watch report lists the names and ages of 12 men who witnesses said were killed in the attack, along with the names of six men who were seriously wounded.
The strikes are part of a joint U.S.-Yemeni campaign against AQAP, considered the most dangerous al-Qaida branch. The group is blamed for a number of unsuccessful bomb plots aimed at Americans, including an attempt to bring down a U.S.-bound airliner with explosive hidden in the bomber's underwear and a second plot to send mail bombs hidden in the toner cartridges on planes headed to the U.S. The group also aspires to govern in Yemen, and it seized large areas of the south before the military drove most of them out in the summer of 2012.
According to the nonpartisan public policy institute New America Foundation, the U.S. has launched 99 drone strikes in Yemen since 2002.
The gadget, Light Touch, uses holographic laser-projection technology to beam a 10in virtual touch-screen on to any surface. Infrared sensors detect the finger taps of the user, and allows them to type words, or open and close programs and applications.
It runs Windows CE, a basic version of Microsoft's popular operating system, and users can use it to write a letter or watch a video. Sweeping a hand across the surface enables users to flick between photos or programs.
Light Blue Optics, the Cambridge-based company behind the projector, is showcasing the device at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. But the Light Touch is not being sold directly to consumers; instead, the company hopes to license the technology to other major electronics manufacturers to use in their products.
"The opportunities for Light Touch extend beyond consumer electronics," said Chris Harris, chief executive of Light Blue Optics. "It could profoundly change the way people interact with multimedia content and the built environment."
Firms such as Adobe, Microsoft and Toshiba are rumoured to be interested in the technology.
Eight months ago, state lawmakers approved the creation of a board designed to take a hard look at the more than $9 billion in annual tax credits, deductions and exemptions in Ohio's tax code.
Not only has there not been a meeting scheduled yet, as of Tuesday mid-afternoon legislative leaders hadn't appointed a single person to the Tax Expenditure Review Committee.
“It's past time for the General Assembly to get serious about limiting or eliminating unneeded tax breaks,” said Zach Schiller, research director for the liberal Policy Matters Ohio. “A first step is for legislative leaders to name members to the committee and for it to start work.”
After Schiller's press release, and follow-up calls by the media, Senate President Larry Obhof, R-Medina, named his three members to the panel late Tuesday afternoon. Speaker Cliff Rosenberger, R-Clarksville, followed on late Wednesday morning.
Passed unanimously in December, House Bill 9 required that the committee hold its first meeting by June 19, one month ago today.
The committee is supposed to cycle through Ohio's deductions, credits and exemptions — also known as state tax expenditures. Each is to be reviewed at least once every eight years to determine if they are meeting policy objectives, have impacted economic development, or if their goals can be better accomplished in other ways.
The committee's first report is due in about 11 months.
The House caucus devoted attention to state taxes during the budget process, which ended in late June, said Brad Miller, spokesman for Rosenberger. The idea of the committee is to study tax expenditures outside the budget process.
“The first six months of this year would fall under the category of budget process,” Miller said. “This was a challenging budget cycle. Where all areas of the state's tax structure would be a significant part of any budget cycle, it was especially true this year.”
The idea of studying Ohio's tax expenditures has been kicked around for several years. But despite its growing impact on tax collections, majority lawmakers usually prefer to add tax expenditures rather than study existing ones. Three weeks ago, Gov. John Kasich vetoed two sales tax exemptions added to the budget, aimed at data processing/computer services and optical aides.
Studying Ohio's tax credits and deductions can be politically difficult, conjuring up the old adage, “don't ask questions you don't want the answers to.”
Even if there are good arguments to eliminate certain tax credits or deductions, each one was implemented for a reason, and the special interest group that pushed for it fights hard to keep it alive.
Two-thirds of state tax expenditures are in the sales tax. GOP lawmakers have repeatedly rejected Kasich's proposals to expand the sales tax onto exempted products and services, such as lobbying.
Some of the biggest sales tax exemptions include sales to churches and certain nonprofits, property used in manufacturing, prescription drugs, and equipment purchased by electricity providers, farmers and mining companies.
In addition to Policy Matters and the Center for Community Solutions, the Ohio Society of CPAs also has advocated an examination of the tax expenditures. From 2016 to 2019, it's estimated that income tax expenditures will grow nearly 22 percent to $2.4 billion.
In a report last year to the Ohio Tax Reform Tax Force, the CPAs group noted that many tax expenditures “impact a limited-time event or limited number of people.”
If lawmakers want to lower the overall income tax rate, credits and deductions are a good place to look to offset revenue loss, the CPAs said. A flat tax, with few credits or deductions, the group said, is cleaner and more transparent.
The CPAs also question Ohio's largest income tax deduction, which allows pass-through business owners to pay no tax on the first $250,000 of income, costing the state nearly $600 million per year in revenue.
“It will be difficult to directly correlate the level of increased business investment in response to this tax expenditure,” the CPAs wrote. “Should the legislature consider an overhaul of the entire personal income tax system for all taxpayers, not just for business owners?”
Senate Democrats this year pushed to repeal the business exemption — and an additional 40 percent tax cut for business income over $250,000 — but were rebuffed by majority Republicans.
Named to the panel were Sens. John Eklund, R-Chardon, chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, Scott Oelslager, R-Canton, chairman of the Finance Committee, and Vernon Sykes, D-Akron, the longest-serving Senate Democrat. They are joined by Reps. Tim Schaffer, R-Lancaster, chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, Gary Scherer, R-Circleville, a CPA and vice-chairman of Ways and Means, and John Rogers, D-Mentor-on-the-Lake, top-ranking Democrat on Ways and Means.
jsiegel@dispatch.com
@phrontpage
SALT LAKE CITY — Inside a plain warehouselike office building filled with rows of cubicles, Melissa Stark stares at the image of an envelope on a computer screen. The handwriting is barely legible and appears to be addressed to someone in the “cty of Jesey.”
“Is that a 7 or a 9 in the address?” Ms. Stark said to no one in particular. Then she typed in a few numbers and a list of possible addresses popped up on her screen. “Looks like a 9,” she said before selecting an address, apparently in Jersey City. The letter disappears and another one appears on the screen.
“That means I got it right,” Ms. Stark said.
Ms. Stark is one of the Postal Service's data conversion operators, a techie title for someone who deciphers unreadable addresses, and she is one of the last of a breed. In September, the post office will close one of its two remaining centers where workers try to read the scribble on envelopes and address labels that machines cannot. At one time, there were 55 plants around the country where addresses rejected by machines were guessed at by workers aided with special software to get the mail where it was intended.
But improved scanning technology now allows machines to “read” virtually all of the 160 billion pieces of mail that moved through the system last year. As machines have improved, workers have been let go, and after September, the facility here will be the post office's only center for reading illegible mail.
Actress Rose McGowan publicly accused mega-producer Harvey Weinstein of rape on Thursday.
She made the accusation via Twitter, adding her name to a growing list of women who have accused Weinstein of wrongdoing in news stories published over the past week.
She is the fourth woman to level a rape accusation against Weinstein. The New Yorker previously reported on three other rape allegations -- lodged by "former aspiring actress" Lucia Evans, Italian actress Asia Argento and one anonymous source.
When reached for comment on Thursday, a spokeswoman for the disgraced movie mogul said, "Any allegations of non-consensual sex are unequivocally denied by Mr. Weinstein."
The spokeswoman said Weinstein is seeking help from therapists.
Weinstein was fired from his movie and TV studio The Weinstein Co. on Sunday. Right now the company is is paralyzed.
Employees are talking about resigning and comparing the company to the Titanic. But Harvey's brother Bob Weinstein on Friday denied a report that he is exploring a sale or shutdown of the firm.
McGowan's posts on Thursday were directed at Amazon (AMZN) CEO Jeff Bezos. She claimed that she told the head of Amazon Studios, Roy Price, about the incident.
"@jeffbezos I told the head of your studio that HW raped me," she wrote, using Weinstein's initials. "Over & over I said it. He said it hadn't been proven. I said I was the proof."
Separately, Price was put on a leave of absence Thursday following a report that the executive made obscene comments to a TV producer.
He has made no public comment about that allegation or about McGowan's tweets.
In several other tweets, McGowan went on to say that she "begged" Amazon Studios to take action and accused the outfit of winning a "dirty Oscar." It's unclear what movie McGowan is referring to.
"I love @amazon but there is rot in Hollywood," she wrote in one tweet. "@jeffbezos Be the change you want to see in the world. Stand with truth."
Much about McGowan's tweets and her relationship with Amazon Studios remain unclear. Amazon did not respond to multiple requests for comment from CNNMoney. A representative for McGowan said she was not available for an interview and could not immediately respond to a series of questions.
Amazon and The Weinstein Co. are partners on two forthcoming streaming TV series. Earlier this week, in light of the scandal, Amazon said "we are reviewing our options for the projects we have with The Weinstein Company."
McGowan's name has come up in connection with Weinstein before.
Over the past year, McGowan has publicly discussed an incident in which a high-powered movie producer raped her. Some observers thought she was talking about Weinstein, but she never said so explicitly.
Last week, the New York Times reported why. According to The Times, McGowan accepted a $100,000 settlement from Weinstein after an incident in 1997. The Times said the document included language that the settlement did not constitute an admission of guilt on Weinstein's part.
Settlements are sometimes used to keep recipients quiet.
But McGowan has sought to be heard. She granted an interview to Ronan Farrow earlier this year, according to two people with direct knowledge of the matter.
Farrow was investigating Weinstein for NBC. In an on-the-record, on-camera interview, McGowan repeatedly said Weinstein raped her, the sources said.
The interview was supposed to be part of a broader expose. Months later, while Farrow was still doing more reporting, McGowan reached out and asked him to remove her accusation from his story, the sources.
NBC decided not to broadcast the story, so Farrow took his story to The New Yorker. He recounted McGowan's plea to exclude her in the story -- without naming her -- as an example of the legal pressure that Weinstein's accusers sometimes endure.
"I'm so sorry," she said, Farrow wrote in the New Yorker. "The legal angle is coming at me and I have no recourse."
Despite the 1997 settlement, McGowan has been active on social media over the past week, offering encouragement to the women who have come forward with accusations against Weinstein. McGowan was briefly blocked from the platform on Thursday. Twitter said she violated its terms of service by posting a private phone number.
Look out, California, there's a new West Coast hot spot on the map.
According CNNMoney, which just released United Van Lines' annual migration study, Oregon was the destination among people who moved from one state to another last year. The yearly review took into account 129,000 moves in the United States in 2013 and found more than 61 percent of all interstate relocations made in Oregon were for people coming to live in the state. So what's the draw? Housing costs? Business incentives? Or maybe just some room to breathe? Well, it's looking like all of the above.
"We're seeing continued migration to the Pacific Northwest as young professionals and retirees are drawn to amenities, including public transit, green space and the local arts and entertainment scene," said UCLA economist Michael Stoll.
Whatever the reason, Oregon managed to dethrone Washington, DC, which held the top spot for the previous five years.
To discover more details of the report, head over to CNN Money.
More from CNNMoney:
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook,
**
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today launched a scathing attack on detractors of the demonetisation move, especially the Congress, saying those involved in mega scams were now standing in queues to exchange Rs 4,000 and announcing that more anti-graft measures were on the anvil including action against “benaami property.”
Advertising
“This government does not want to bother honest people but doesn't want to spare the dishonest. Bear with me for 50 days. Has India been looted or not? ….. I am not going to stop at this. I will expose the history of corruption of 70 years since Independence,” Modi said. “This (demonetisation) is not an end. I have more projects in mind to make India corruption-free. …. We will take action against ‘benami' property. This is major step to eradicate corruption and black money … If any money that was looted in India and has left Indian shores, it is our duty to find out about it,” he said in his speeches, both at Panaji in Goa and Belagavi in Karnataka.
Modi, who got emotional while addressing a function at Panaji over the problems being faced by the people and the long queues in banks, urged them to bear with him till December 30, saying “I will give you the India you desired”. He stressed the need to go cashless and adopt plastic money.
Making a combative but emotional speech, he said he was ready to face the consequences of his moves as certain forces are “up against me” as their 70 years of loot was now in trouble as a result of demonetisation. “I know that (some) forces are up against me, they may not let me live, they may ruin me because their loot of 70 years is in trouble, but I am prepared,” Modi said in the speech which saw him getting emotional a few times.
Advertising
Hitting out at the erstwhile UPA government for not fighting corruption, Modi said “those who were involved in the coal scam, 2G scam and other scams, now have to stand in queues to exchange Rs 4000.
“When Congress stopped 25 paise, did we say anything? You could dare to stop only 25 paise, that's what your power was limited to. But you did not make higher denomination currency notes illegal. … We did it. People have chosen a government and they expect so much from it.”
He said the people had voted against corruption in 2014. “I am doing what I was asked to do by the people of this country. This had become clear from the very first meeting of my Cabinet when I formed the SIT (on blackmoney). We never kept the people in dark.”
“Soon after assuming power, a Supreme Court monitored Special Investigation Team was formed to investigate the black money parked outside the country. Previous governments neglected this; Did I hide anything? We took a key step to help the honest citizens defeat the menace of graft.
“We collected Rs 67,000 crore under amnesty scheme. But in the last two years, through raids, surveys and declarations, the government has collected Rs 1,25,000 crore in its exchequer … I kept on administering small doses of medicine to improve the economic situation of the country since I came to power,” Modi said, referring to the Jan Dhan scheme aimed at financial inclusion.
Revealing the efforts behind the demonetisation move, the Prime Minister said it was “a secret operation I started 10 months back and had formed a small team. “The secret operation was of course not the one like (Defence Minister Manohar) Parrikar had launched (surgical strike in PoK). We had to print new currency notes and take other steps in secret”, otherwise the corrupt would have found other ways to deal with the situation.
Stressing the need to go cashless in transactions, he said “there is a talk about a cashless society and we should shift to plastic money. That's why we have removed all taxes from debit and credit cards in the budget.”
He also asked to the people not to panic “by bartering Rs 500 for Rs 300” and get the full value of their hard-earned money. “There is pain due to demonetisation but more to gain.” Appealing to the people to bear with him for 50 days (till December 30), he said “if you find anything wrong with my intentions or my actions, hang me in public. I promise you I will give you the India which you desired. If someone faces problem, I also feel the pain. I understand their problem but this is only for 50 days and after 50 days we succeed in this cleansing.”
“I am not born to occupy the high chair. I have left my village, my family for the sake of the country,” Modi said. Observing that the entire population, barring a few lakh of corrupt people, were working to make this move sucessful, he said on the night of November eight when he had announced the demonetisation plan, “crores of people slept peacefully, but a few lakh (corrupt) were going to buy sleeping pills as they had lost their sleep.”
Advertising
“You'll be shocked to know that many MPs asked me not to make PAN mandatory for any purchase of jewellery,” he said, adding “today those who never used to take care of their widowed mother, are depositing Rs 2.5 lakh in her account.” “There are few who even dared to give me in writing (asking to relax it). The day I make their letters public, they will not be able to go to their constituencies,” he said.
Regular readers of ExtremeTech know that battery tech always seems to be standing just at the base of a mountain of progress, but can never quite start the climb. There are always new advancements, but never ones that seem like they'll be put into consumer products anytime soon. So, it may be time to look for alternative power sources for mobile devices, perhaps a solar-powered smartphone screen.
Let's face it, there is a lot of new and awesome battery technology on the horizon, but almost all advances seem to stay right on that horizon, out of reach of the general consumer. Meanwhile, solar power, though underutilized by society, has been around and kicking for quite some time. However, we haven't harnessed it in the vast majority of devices — our phones and tablets use lithium-ion batteries, our Wiimotes use standard AAs, and we plug our laptops into a wall. Startup SunPartner Group, located in France, wants to change all that, and aims to attach a smartphone screen that collects solar power and delivers it to the phone. In fact, a transparent overlay has already been developed and is currently undergoing testing.
SunPartner isn't the first tech company to step outside one sunny day, look up, and figure there has to be a way to use the Sun. In 2009, Samsung released a phone equipped with solar cells called the Samsung Crest Solar. It wasn't a smartphone, and was actually considered a budget phone due to its low price of around $60. The phone was released in India, and was reportedly able to provide around 5-10 minutes of talk time power from around an hour sun.
The phone didn't quite take off, in large part due to the solar cells being placed on the back of the phone. This meant that when sitting outside at a restaurant or cafe, for example, users had to place the phone face down on a table, missing their alerts. By placing the solar cells into a transparent screen, SunPartner has figured out how to allow people to use their phones while they are harnessing the power of the sun, rather than having to place them face down on a table and miss juicy texts and alerts.
You might think SunPartner would have to use transparent solar cells to accomplish this feat, but the company has found another solution. In its overlay, it alternates thin-film solar cells and standard transparent film. Rather than looking like a horizontal striped shirt, though, SunPartner employs the uses of small lenses that essentially bounce the image from underneath the opaque solar cells and help the image spread across the entirety of the screen. The lenses are also used to help focus the solar rays toward to the solar cells. At the moment, the prototype screens are around 82% transparent, with a transparency of 90% predicted for the future.
Currently, the tech is so cheap that it only adds a cost of around $2.30 per phone, and if used properly — leaving your phone face up on a table during a sunny day rather than in your pocket — can extend the life of a smartphone by around 20%, and can maintain its charge while idle in the sun. While 20% won't change the world or free up electrical outlets at coffee shops, that would be the first real, major increase consumers will have received in a seemingly endless amount of years.
The overlays are estimated to hit the market sometime next year, with recognizable names like Nokia to incorporate the tech into its devices.
Now read: IBM Research uses supercomputer tech to “harness the energy of 2,000 suns”
Personal Rapid Transit Personal Rapid Transit (PRT) is ‘a transport method that offers personal, on-demand non-stop transportation between any two points on a network of specially built guide-ways'. A system features small automated vehicles (2 to 6 passengers) combining the desirable aspects of the car (private travel at any time) with the social advantages of public transport (no congestion and parking issues). 2getthere's PRT system can be realized at grade, but also elevated, embedded in buildings or underground. The system can be configured to provide direct connections, on-demand operations and personal transportation, but ride sharing (single origin, multiple destinations) and scheduled operations (to optimize capacity) can also be implemented. Personal Rapid Transit is all about network and vehicle controls. 2getthere's ability to provide a PRT system is based on the well-proven (20+ years) FROG network and vehicle controls, fully customized for Automated People Mover requirements.
2getthere PRT 2getthere's PRT accommodates a 6-person family (4 adults, 2 children) with additional space for either a wheelchair or luggage. The vehicle features an automated sliding door; optionally on both sides of the vehicle. A PRT system can be installed as feeder system to a public transportation node, a parking facility or as a local transit system. Possible applications range from airports to business and industrial parks, campuses, urban – city centers and residential areas – as well as leisure (theme parks and resorts) applications. For any application it is important that the PRT system fits within the environment. In an existing environment, the system will be optimized in light of the restrictions its surroundings pose, optimizing the value to both passengers and local residents. In a greenfield development the system optimization, within the site development, requires an integrated approach.
Even the most quivering Justin Trudeau fanboy must be getting a little sick by now of all the offshore hagiography.
Justin in a high-fashion magazine, arms around his well-dressed wife; Justin at home in pajamas being just a great dad; Justin peering handsomely from the cover Dr. Hook famously wanted but didn't rate more than a caricature.
Justin this, Justin that.
Rolling Stone just called him "the free world's best hope," and "the Northern star." The article was so humid you could store cigars in it.
Okay, admittedly, it's fun watching the frenzied eructation this sort of stuff provokes in the Trudeau Derangement Syndrome mob.
Their near-crazed hatred of Trudeau — far more muscular than what they directed at Paul Martin or Jean Chrétien — is a bit puzzling. Because, after all, while Trudeau is a good-looking, amicable fellow, married to a lovely woman with whom he fathers lovely children, he's really nothing more than a garden-variety liberal.
Rolling Stone called Trudeau "the free world's best hope," and "the Northern star." (Rolling Stone/Twitter)
He's devoted to wealth redistribution, and taxing (and borrowing) and spending, without much discipline. Just ask the experts who study fiscal discipline.
He promised to reform the electoral system and failed. He may or may not legalize marijuana nationwide. He sells war ordnance to Saudi Arabia, which of course uses it to kill people, and then his government pronounces itself concerned.
He's tossed money at Indigenous people, which they deserve, and the emcee at his swearing-in intoned the new catechism about how everyone was standing on the unceded land of the such-and-such a tribe (although I noticed there was no mention of giving Rideau Hall back).
Trudeau calls himself a feminist, and there is some evidence to support that. An acquaintance who works delivering Canada's foreign aid says all efforts are now trained on improving the lot of women in the developing world. Perhaps that's even possible. Who knows? Good on him for trying.
As a liberal intellectual — he's no Daniel Patrick Moynihan, or Adlai Stevenson or, sorry, Pierre Trudeau — his most memorable quote to date seems to be "Our diversity is our strength," a line he delivers all over the world to polite audiences, many of which (the Chinese, the Saudis, etc.) think diversity is cultural death.
Even the adoring Rolling Stone reporter noted Trudeau is "frustratingly on message when it comes to political answers."
That's putting it nicely. Trudeau is more rote than Stephen Harper, who actually did occasionally answer a question directly. The Trudeau cabinet, with the self-righteousness only left-wing true believers possess, sound and behave like hypnotized chickens.
And yet. There's no denying he has the royal jelly.
Journalists who travel with him recount an unbelievable level of fascination in other countries. Apparently, a senior rabbi in Moscow was overjoyed to grab a selfie with Trudeau.
(While we're at it, the selfie thing is just low-rent right-wing demagoguery. People ask Trudeau for selfies. And he complies. So what? He's a politician. How many hundreds of thousands of vacuous grip-and-grin shots have conservatives posed for?)
Anyway, it's actually sort of easy, if you think about it, to see why the world is so nuts for the guy. Just look south.
Trump's White House
A nine-hour drive south from Ottawa lives an erratic vulgarian who styles himself the leader of the free world, and who, in only six months, has, oh my goodness, where to start?
Donald Trump has created an administration that's beginning to sound like one of those fictional Marvel Comics countries in Eastern Europe, say, Kardashovia, where idiots run things and deliver soliloquies to camera before being foiled.
This is a man who actually used to call reporters posing as other people to praise himself.
He promised to abolish Barack Obama's health care law, which his party, in opposition, voted to repeal more than 50 times.
Since they took over the White House and Congress last year, they haven't been able to do it even once.
Trump, unwilling to accept responsibility, has now taken to urinating on his own congressional caucus on Twitter.
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time...... —@realDonaldTrump
He promised to move the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, and not to break the promise the way other presidents have done, then decided to leave it in Tel Aviv.
He promised a "beautiful" health care law, with affordable coverage for all. See above.
He promised to rip up the nuclear deal with Iran, which he just recertified.
He celebrated "Made in America" week while his Florida resort, Mar-a-Lago, advertised for dozens of foreign workers.
He promised Mexico would pay for a border wall. It hasn't.
He appointed a hardliner, Jeff Sessions, to the post of attorney general, calling him a great American. Then, when Sessions sensibly recused himself from the investigation into possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia, began attacking him, calling him unfair and "very, very weak." This is his own attorney general.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails & DNC server) & Intel leakers! —@realDonaldTrump
He runs around the country bragging gormlessly and distributing insults. Even the Boy Scouts apologized for the "political rhetoric" in his speech.
He appointed a communications director, a Wall Streeter nicknamed "the Mooch," who knew so little about reporters that he called the New Yorker and launched into one of the dumbest screeds in modern political history.
Today, the Mooch is a goner, although his boss, who brags about grabbing women's genitalia, probably thought the profane Moochy-rant was pretty damned clever.
The only question now is whether Trump will fire Robert Mueller, the unstoppable former FBI director leading the Russia-collusion probe. That'd be interesting.
Or which country he'll declare war on, which is what presidents do when they want Americans to rally around them.
Every American I know, and I confess I don't know too many Tea Partiers, thinks the president is a knob, or worse.
Set beside Trump, how could Trudeau not appear desirable to anyone who longs for normalcy?
And anyway, it could be even more tiresome. In some parallel Marvel universe, our prime minister is Kellie Leitch.
This column is part of CBC's Opinion section. For more information about this section, please read this editor's blog and our FAQ.
2014 is coming to a close and it has been a record year for collectible cars: not only did it feature the highest ever winning bid of 38.115 million dollars for a 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO(pictured) sold by Bonhams, in Monterey, but also the total for sales in the United States – the biggest market for rare cars – went from 1.2 billion dollars in 2013 to 1.3 in the current year.
The Ferrari marque is the undisputed top dog, with nine out of the ten most expensive cars sold in specialist auctions, seeing an increase in its value of 43%.
Second behind the 1962 250 GTO sold by Bonhams, was the 1964 Ferrari 275 GTB/C Speciale, which went under the hammer at the RM Auction in Monterey for 26.400 million dollars. The third most expensive Ferrari in 2014 was the 1954 Ferrari 375-Plus Spider Competizione, sold by Bonhams at Goodwood, UK for 18.400 million dollars.
After this came the 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider, which went for 15.180 million dollars at the Gooding and Company auction at Pebble Beach, the 1964 Ferrari 250 LM (11.550 million dollars at the RM Auction in Monterey), the 1967 Ferrari GTB/4 which had belonged to Steve McQueen (10.175 million dollars at the RM Auction in Monterey), the 1958 Ferrari 250 GT LWB California Spyder (8.800 million dollars at the RM Auction in Scottsdale), the 1966 Ferrari 275 GTB/C (which went under the hammer for 7.860 million dollars at the RM auction in Monte Carlo) and finally, the 1953 Ferrari 250 Mille Miglia Berlinetta (7.860 million dollars at Bonhams in Monterey).
Source: Ferrari
A nuclear attack from space would generate an electromagnetic pulse, or EMP, that would "inflict devastating damage" on the U.S.
The House Homeland Security Committee heard expert testimony yesterday on the effects of a high-altitude nuclear detonation that could knock out the U.S. electrical grid for up to a year, resulting in the deaths of 90% of Americans.
Washington Examiner:
In calling on the Pentagon and President Trump to move quickly to protect the grid, the experts testified that an explosion of a high-altitude nuclear bomb delivered by a missile or satellite "could be to shut down the U.S. electric power grid for an indefinite period, leading to the death within a year of up to 90 percent of all Americans." Two members of the former congressional EMP commission said the threat to the U.S. has never been higher, in part because of the current high level of saber rattling by both sides and North Korea's surprising display over the past six months of its ability to deliver on its threats. "With the development of small nuclear arsenals and long-range missiles by new, radical U.S. adversaries, beginning with North Korea, the threat of a nuclear EMP attack against the U.S. becomes one of the few ways that such a country could inflict devastating damage to the United States. It is critical, therefore, that the U.S. national leadership address the EMP threat as a critical and existential issue, and give a high priority to assuring the leadership is engaged and the necessary steps are taken to protect the country from EMP," the experts told a House Homeland Security subcommittee. William R. Graham, chairman of the former EMP commission and its former chief of staff, Peter Vincent Pry, said that the U.S. has ignored the warning signs for years and that North Korea's military moves this year must be seen as a wake-up call.
An EMP is created when a nuclear bomb detonates and, for about a millionth of a second, generates temperatures as hot as the surface of the sun. That heat is instantaneously turned into high-energy particles that destroy electronics – everything from electronic ignitions in cars to your mobile devices. The electrical grid is especially vulnerable, given its interconnected nature. The destruction of part of the grid would overload the entire system, leading to cascade failures across the board.
It is not a question of whether such an attack is beyond the capability of North Korea. The question is, is this worst case scenario probable?
An EMP is a line-of-sight weapon. Its effects have been observed only on the ground. In theory, a blast – or several blasts – in outer space directly over the U.S. would result in the kind of catastrophe some experts believe would occur.
But the destructive effects of an EMP from space have never been measured. Some scientists believe that EMP damage is limited to a few square miles directly below the detonation. The farther away from the explosion, the less energy is distributed because the wave dissipates so quickly.
Also, EMP devices are specifically made for this purpose. Does North Korea have the expertise and tech ability to construct one?
The bottom line is that we simply can't take a chance. Hardening our electrical grid is a good idea even if an EMP attack is remote.
Arsenal fans clash with police (VIDEO)
By Football Italia staff
There have been clashes in Milan between around 200 drunk Arsenal fans and riot police in which one supporter suffered a slight head injury.
The clashes occurred ahead of tonight's Champions League game between the Gunners and Milan at San Siro.
This afternoon at around 16.00 local time (15.00 in the UK) the 200 English fans were drinking in Piazza Duomo when there was an exchange of insults with two passing Rossoneri supporters.
According to the Italian news reports, they started chasing the pair into the Galleria Vittorio Emanuele before they were ordered to stop by a plain clothes police officer.
This riled up the Arsenal fans, who began hurling beer cans and glass bottles, leaving debris all over the Piazza.
Riot police were called in and there were pictures of the Arsenal supporters drinking around a large pile of beer cans, squaring up to the police and chanting slogans.
The Italian media report police charged at one stage and one fan suffered a minor head injury.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Ace Combat Infinity will be released this year as a free download for the PlayStation 3 on the PlayStation Network, publisher Namco Bandai Games announced today. The game was originally announced last month.
Ace Combat Infinity will feature a "brand new" story campaign and co-op multiplayer, as well as "features that are important" to fans, though these were not specified.
"The Ace Combat franchise has evolved dramatically over the years, but never before have we been able to offer its amazing graphics and tactical action for free," Namco Bandai Games executive Olivier Comte said in a statement.
The game will feature "tons" of free-to-play content, though Namco Bandai did not specify what kinds of items--if any--will be available for purchase within the title.
Ace Combat Infinity is in development at Project Aces. The most recent entry in the series, Ace Combat: Assault Horizon (2011), is available for the PS3, Xbox 360, and PC.
For more on Ace Combat Infinity, check out GameSpot's previous coverage.
Last week, just before the Charlie Hebdo attack, ISIS sent a suicide team across the border into Saudi Arabia. Here's what happened.
The attack was successful . The team found and killed the Saudi general (Oudah al-Belawi) in charge of the country's nothern border zone at the outpost he was visiting (here's a pic of the state funeral for some of the men killed in the attack).
. The team found and killed the Saudi general (Oudah al-Belawi) in charge of the country's nothern border zone at the outpost he was visiting (here's a pic of the state funeral for some of the men killed in the attack). The target was significant . General Oudah al-Belawi was in charge of the multi-billion dollar Saudi effort to secure the northern border against ISIS. Not only has Saudi Arabia sent 30,000 additional troops to guard the northern border, it's building a highly automated 600-mi security wall to protect itself (lots of robots and sensors). Here's a great graphic of the monstrosity from the Telegraph. My take: What a waste of time and effort.
. General Oudah al-Belawi was in charge of the multi-billion dollar Saudi effort to secure the northern border against ISIS. Not only has Saudi Arabia sent 30,000 additional troops to guard the northern border, it's building a highly automated 600-mi security wall to protect itself (lots of robots and sensors). Here's a great graphic of the monstrosity from the Telegraph. My take: What a waste of time and effort. It demoralized the Saudi military. This attack deeply undermines the morale of Saudi troops on the border. If ISIS can kill a top general...
Saudi Arabia on the edge
Here why this attack is signficant.
It tells us that ISIS is starting to focus on Saudi Arabia --> with good reason. The reason is that there's simply no other way to unite the various groups under the ISIS banner. ISIS, like all open source movements, needs to keep moving in order to stay alive (like a shark). Right now, ISIS has stalled. A jihad to retake the holy sites from the corrupt regime in Riyadh can serve as a simple plausible promise that can reignite the open source war ISIS started, on a global scale.
The Saudis are vulnerable. The attackers knew exactly when the general was going to be at the outpost. This tells us that the Saudi military is rife with ISIS sympathisers and/or active members. If so, the Saudi military may melt away when facing jihadis (or switch sides) in the same way 30,000 Iraqi troops did early last year a couple of hundred miles to the north.
It explains the timing of Charlie Hebdo. Not only was it an attack that has gained ISIS favor with millions of Saudis (given how racist and anti-islamic the magazine's cartoons were), it was also (and more importantly) a distraction. It has successfully distracted the collective west, by pulling them into another "war on terrorism." This attack is something I call a Red Queen's trap, since it results in damage to both the contestants in the struggle.
What does this mean for Saudi Arabia?
Saudi Arabia knows it is in trouble, that's why the Saudis are trying to buy influence in the west through a cheap oil policy (at the same time, a low price puts the hurt on US frackers and ISIS oil smugglers alike). However, ISIS trumped this effort with Charlie Hebdo. It will be difficult for the Saudis to convince the west they are the real target after the attack in Paris. Here's what this means:
A historic medical breakthrough in Canada this month gives doctors an effective new way to treat diseases of the brain, including cancer, Alzheimer's, and Parkinson's.
A persistent obstacle to treating brain disorders and tumors has been the difficulty in delivering drugs to that location.
There is a natural barrier wrapped around the tiny blood vessels in the brain meant to keep toxins out. The problem is, this “blood-brain barrier” also prevents drugs in the blood stream from leaving capillaries and getting into the brain—until now.
RELATED: Science Just Saved A Baby–Beat Cancer With Untested, Last Try
Doctors in Toronto became the first to penetrate the blood-brain barrier. They used ultrasound waves and vibrating microbubbles which allowed life-saving drugs to pass through. Their new process allowed them to treat a woman's terminal brain cancer.
“It will revolutionize the way we treat brain disease completely,” Dr. Kullervo Hynynen, Director of Physical Sciences at Sunnybrook Health Sciences Center, told CTV News in the video above. “It will give hope to patients who have no hope.”
Bonny Hall, had a tumor called a glioma, which is extremely difficult to treat surgically because it spreads out in a web within a large network of blood vessels. Patients don't often survive because the complex surgery can rarely remove all the cancer. Chemotherapy isn't very effective either, since only about 25% of chemo drugs reach the tumor due to the blood-brain barrier.
CHECK OUT: Stage 4 Brain Tumor Survivor: 12 Years Cancer-Free and Running Marathons
Researchers first injected Hall with cancer medications, then inserted tiny microbubbles into her bloodstream. They used ultrasound to cause the bubbles to vibrate in targeted parts of capillaries around her brain. The vibrating bubbles gently tore open tiny leaks in the capillaries, allowing the cancer medications to leak out of them and into brain tissue.
The damage is very temporary, with the capillaries healing and the blood-brain barrier restored within 12 hours after the procedure.
RELATED: Malaria Protein Accidentally Found to Be Cancer-Killing Weapon
Breaching this barrier opens a new frontier for all doctors, not just those at Sunnybrook, who will test nine more patients before publishing their results.
Share This Breakthrough and Give the World Some Hope…
Eros Hoagland / Redux Battle Politicians say troops in Afghanistan deter terror at home. But the war is unpopular
Three casualties sprawl in the mud, unnoticed amid a confusion of gunfire and sweet, choking smoke. "Get a move on! They're bleeding to death," shouts commanding officer Major Emily Greenwood. The assault  against a nest of "Maliban" insurgents  is a simulation in Wales, the wounds faked. But Greenwood's urgency is all too real. Within a year of completing their training this month, some 60% of these officer cadets from Britain's élite Royal Military Academy Sandhurst will deploy to Afghanistan. There, says Greenwood, "the pace of operations is so fast and there's constant enemy contact. We have to make sure they're ready."
Rebecca Marsden, a 25-year-old cadet, says there will be no problem with that: "We can't wait to go to Afghanistan." But it's not just the Taliban that Sandhurst's alumni will have to worry about. As it prepares for a general election on May 6, Britain is having to come to terms with a grim reality: its armed forces are in a state of crisis. Soldiers are profoundly battle weary. Grim statistics tell one part of the story: 179 British soldiers killed in Iraq between 2003 and 2009; 280 lost to the conflict in Afghanistan since 2001. Silent crowds gather to pay respects each time casualties are repatriated to an air base on the edge of a town in southwest England called Wootton Bassett, but displays of public sympathy for the troops mask plunging support for British involvement in faraway wars. (See pictures of British soldiers in Afghanistan.)
Politicians continue to justify the adventures in Iraq and in Afghanistan, where British troop levels now stand at 9,500, in terms of national security. Britain, it is said, must take the fight to the bad guys to keep its citizens safe. Yet as the list of rickety states and terror havens has continued to expand, defense spending has failed to keep pace even as equipment costs have spiraled upward. The prospect of lean times as Britain reins in its budget deficit has pitched army, navy and air force commanders into open turf wars. Lower down the ranks, the endemic overstretch expresses itself in a stark statistic: according to Britain's Ministry of Defence, 1 in 5 troops is unfit for frontline duty, often as a result of injury or psychological damage. Officials from France and the U.K. have discussed burden-sharing, including the possibility of joint nuclear-submarine patrols, and a Feb. 3 Green Paper recommended Britain's cash-strapped military seek "greater cooperation" with the French. That didn't go down so well everywhere. "The pride of our forces has finally been surrendered with our leaders admitting we can no longer afford to go to war  without going cap in hand to our historic enemies," spluttered mass-market daily the Sun.
Britain's jingoistic press always likes to revisit the Battle of Waterloo, but such fulminations obscure the deeper significance of the Green Paper and the Strategic Defence Review it foreshadows. The SDR, expected this autumn, will be the first such exercise in 12 turbulent years. Any decisions Britain takes on the future role and capacity of its military  on exactly what the country expects of those bright-eyed Sandhurst cadets  will help determine the way Britain is perceived in the world. And that will determine the way Britons see themselves. The biggest challenge for this once great imperial power lies not on distant battlefields but at home, in reaching long overdue accommodation between past glories and present realities, between lofty ambitions and diminished global sway. Can Britain, whose military has for many years been considered one of the best in the world, make the leap? (See pictures of the British election being called.)
Who Dares Whines
"All I could make out in their language were the words Mr. Bean. They were laughing at me ... making me feel about three inches tall." That was the lament of Arthur Batchelor, a 20-year-old seaman seized in 2007 by Iranian guards in disputed territorial waters on the Iran-Iraq border and held for 12 days along with 14 other British service personnel. In a newspaper interview, Batchelor also confided that he'd "cried like a baby" during his captivity.
To understand the impact on the national psyche of this and other high-profile setbacks suffered by British forces deployed to Iraq, you must first appreciate the luster of Britain's military heritage. More than 60 years after World War II, Britons still grow up marinated in tales of their nation's wartime victories. By no means the world's most richly resourced fighting force, nor its largest, the country's military has long provided an international role model. Smart, flexible and cohesive, the services have been seasoned by working in contrasting terrains and in conflicts with a wide range of allies against myriad opponents. The guerrilla war against the U.K.'s colonial administration in post-World War II Malaysia and the stubborn conflict in Northern Ireland endowed British commanders with invaluable expertise in counterinsurgency. They learned different lessons in the Falklands, Bosnia and Sierra Leone. (See a brief history of WWII movies.)
Sandhurst's program of officer training, compulsory for all British army officers, is a distillation of centuries of accrued knowledge combined with a rigorous practical regime. It attracts applicants from all over the world including China and the U.S., and has stiffened the sinews of the heads of state of eight countries plus a clutch of royals, including the British princes William and Harry. "When I was in Sierra Leone meeting a Kenyan battalion, it was exactly like being back at Sandhurst," says Major General Andy Salmon, former commandant general of the Royal Marines, the last British commander of British coalition forces in southeastern Iraq and now head of force readiness at NATO's Supreme HQ Allied Powers Europe.
The confidence that comes with Britain's heritage helps explain the insouciance with which Brits strolled into Basra in 2003 unhelmeted while their U.S. counterparts kept a wary distance from the Iraqis they had liberated in those heady early days of the Iraq war. And at first, it did seem that Britain, very much the junior partner in terms of numbers and resources, could teach the Americans a thing or two about how to deal with the manifold challenges of post-Saddam Hussein Iraq. "Great Britain's relative success in Basra is due in no small measure to the self-assurance and comfort with foreign culture derived from centuries of practicing the art of soldier diplomacy and liaison," Vietnam veteran Major General Robert Scales told the U.S. Congress in 2004. Late the following year a British officer, Brigadier Nigel Aylwin-Foster, submitted a scathing critique of U.S. tactics to the U.S. army's own in-house magazine, Military Review. American "cultural insensitivity, almost certainly inadvertent, arguably amounted to institutional racism," he wrote.
In return for such wisdom, the sparsely equipped Brits called on the richer U.S. forces for material assistance. Major General Patrick Marriott, who since last September has been commandant of Sandhurst, led British troops alongside U.S. Marines during the 2003 Iraq campaign. "The Americans called us 'the borrowers,'" he says. "When we ran out of field kitchens, which we did because we were underresourced, the Americans delivered in a split second and it was magnificent. We've been underresourced in our history on numerous occasions. But within the psyche, we cope. Americans fix and we cope."
But there's something to be said for the American way. In 2008, after thinly spread British forces had effectively lost control of Basra to Shi'ite militias, the Iraqi army turned to the U.S. for support to drive out the insurgents. The British, though nominally heading up the coalition forces in the region, played a subsidiary role and, according to some reports, only found out about the operation once it was under way.
Read: "As Britain Leaves, Basra Dares to Dream of Peace."
The first part of this blog is simple. For the moment, my relative has agreed to moving into an assisted living arrangement. My last post addressing this was re: her addiction problem and the hard choices the family might have to take.
I hadn't realized this, but I am the oldest adult male who hasn't advanced into "old" age myself in the family; I had been approaching this in terms of protecting my mom's emotions, not in terms of familial duty overall.
In any case, my relative's decision takes some work and stress off of me.
But, this situation raised some moral questions in my mind. One point that was raised in the comments was that my relative's behavior was on her, and that she would not be grateful for any help. Another point to me was how far did my own responsibilities go?..What is my duty here?
What is duty in the first place?
We'll start by saying it's something people don't like. They don't even like discussing it.
See for yourself. Do a couple of search engine queries on "duty", or maybe on "concept of duty".
OK, now try a search on "vacation", or "how to take it easy". See the difference?
Duty and obligation are such unpleasant concepts to most people that they just aren't written about much.
Why is this?
For now, let's go with Wiki's definition of duty:
When someone recognizes a duty, that person theoretically commits himself to its fulfillment without considering their own self-interest
Remember, a key in my political writing is that people act individually on a basis of self-interest, and there is nothing inherently wrong with that. So any concept that hinders self-interest is going to be instinctively disliked.
And let me preempt commenters who take the potion that duty is a sham, or a foreign imposition on free will. Your argument is noted.
Marcus Tullius Cicero wrote De Officiis a few years ago if you're interested in an old-fashioned view of duty
What kinds of Duty exist?
Family Duty (like the situation that sparked this discussion)
Religious Duty
Societal Duty...but then again, isn't every form of duty societal in practice? Sometimes we say we have a duty to ourselves, but isn't that just balancing off short term versus long term goals of self-interest?
Transitioning my thoughts from Family Duty To Societal Duty
I actually had no "sacrifice" issues with helping my relative out. I like this relative, and as I said, this was more focused on my mom's interest. Yes, it would be a pain in the ass, but not a interference with the "work" I am currently doing.
In fact, I was getting a bit dragged out emotionally from working on the #informationwar tag. I had talked about the personal prices to pay in research and activism as part of that series, but I was also getting very resentful that most people are just blowing the whole thing off. While I don't specifically mean...They aren't paying attention to ME! WAAAAH!, there is a bit of that in my emotional response as well.
🙈 🙉 🙊
And here is the crossover in discussion from Family Duty to Societal Duty...in both cases(My relative, and Information War), we are talking about taking on a case which has personal implications and in which the primary victims don't want or aren't invested in recognizing and dealing with the issues.
In either case, I can say Not my circus, not my monkeys and look to my own self-interest first.
But wait, there's more...backtracking to long-term versus short-term goals of self-interest...and how duty relates to long-term self-interest.
We are social animals, as much as it pains this quite anti-social person to acknowledge that. Social ability trumps hard work, intelligence, or brute strength in a human's ability to succeed in life, unless that person chooses to live in seclusion from other humans.
Societal duty can be considered as the "buy-in" to social relations.
The level of duty required is going to be the central political disagreement in any human society, with leeches, socialists, and other members of the Democrat Party always demanding MORE duty (taxes, obedience, silence in political or cultural speech, etc etc), and liberty-minded folks always demanding LESS.
However, there is also the "free rider" problem.
To start the explanation of this problem, let's look at the cost of some duties as compared to others...IF I pay a sales tax which is made part of a sales price, then I am sacrificing my own self-interest without much effort on my part. Or an even easier societal duty...don't use racist (actual racist, not identity politics racist) in front of children of that race...hell, THAT shouldn't even be a sacrifice of your self-interest unless you like making little kids cry. So some easy-peasy duties. Yes, we can look at basic courtesy as a duty.
On the other hand, other duties require a lot more sacrifice. Military and law enforcement duties require a lot of sacrifice in terms of personal cost even before we come to the risk of life. These personal costs are even harsher when the soldier or policeman is working for an immoral government or society.
I will talk about conflicting duties in another post
And the harshest duty?
Risking your family to do the right thing in the long term, like arresting corrupt politicians!
So it's easy to see that some duties require much more self sacrifice than others...and this is where the Free Rider problem comes in.
In economics, the free rider problem occurs when those who benefit from resources, goods, or services do not pay for them, which results in an underprovision of those goods or services.
In other words, if no one is willing to shovel shit, the streets are going to be full of shit.
When no one arrests corrupt politicians, out politics will be full of shit. When we as a society in toto put the onus of confronting corruption onto a small group of people who are legally subservient to the corruptocrats, and then refuse to either call for those arrests or to support the watchmen when those arrests are actually made, then we are Free Riders.
We expect other people to hold the bag, and then complain when it isn't done.
So we can see the value of duty to our own long-term self-interest.
Conclusion
Duty is dirty, nasty, and has a personal cost.
We argue about what duty is actually duty; those of us that want more out of others will claim higher levels of duty are necessary for society.
Nobody likes duty
Because we don't like doing our duty, it very often doesn't get done.
Sometimes duty isn't done due to the Free Rider problem.
When we don't do things that are actual duties, negative consequences follow.
This is actually a good way of determining real duties, btw, instead of made up "social justice" duties
We say that actions have consequences and we need to include that lack of action also has consequences.
My duty to write about duty is completed for the day ;>
If you start to follow me, please let me know so that I can return your follow!
Home To Texas: Recollections of a Texas Badman
The babysitter accused of abusing a one-year-old boy has been arrested and charged in Oregon after social media users demanded action to be taken by authorities and officials.
Markell Hilaire, 27, is facing charges of criminal mistreatment and assault for an incident parents Joshua Marbury and Alicia Quinney claimed left their son, Jacob, with a bruise shaped like a hand print on his face.
Hilaire - who is a friend of the child's father - was arrested Friday after thousands of people shared the heartbreaking photos of Jacob across social media when his parents said authorities would not arrest him over the alleged abuse.
The couple, from Sherwood, say they returned home in March to find their son screaming and the babysitter fast asleep.
Scroll down for video
An Oregon couple claim their baby (pictured) was left with horror injuries at the hands of their babysitter – including a bruise shaped like a hand print
Markell Hilaire (above) is facing charges of criminal mistreatment and assault for an incident parents Joshua Marbury and Alicia Quinney claimed left their son, Jacob, with a bruise shaped like a hand print on his face
Hilaire (above) was arrested Friday after thousands of people shared the heartbreaking photos of Jacob across social media after his parents say authorities would not first arrest him over the alleged abuse
They say Jacob was covered in bruises the next morning and they reported the incident to police.
However, two months later with no criminal charges being filed, they felt the authorities had let them down.
Jacob's father Joshua Marbury took to Facebook to vent about what he believed to be a previous court ruling from stopping his son's alleged abuser from being charged – and posted pictures of Jacob in the bath with extensive bruising on his face.
Marbury was referring to a 2012 ruling in the Oregon Court of Appeals which prosecutors say make it harder to file charges in cases of abuse where the victims can't speak, according to OregonLive.
In order to convict a child abuser of felony assault or criminal mistreatment, according to the website, prosecutors have to prove the victim suffered a 'physical injury' and suffered 'substantial pain'.
This is difficult to prove if victims are unable to explain their suffering, according to an an earlier article on the ruling.
The couple, from Sherwood, say they returned home in March to find their son screaming and the babysitter, now identified as Hilaire (above), fast asleep
The 27-year-old turned himself on Friday following a grand jury indictment. Hilaire (above) remains in the Washington County Jail with bail set at $10,000
Prosecutors have said that children under five are often unable to articulate 'substantial pain' and this is also true of older children with developmental issues or those afraid to speak out against their abusers, KATU2 reported.
The ruling means that adults are able to get away with hurting children – as long as the injuries are not too bad as the ruling says bruises, welts and shallow cuts are not enough to prosecute.
'Something needs to be done. NOBODY can just hit a child and more to just get away with it because the child can't verbally tell you.'
His post quickly went viral and has since attracted more than 150,000 shares, Marbury said multiple doctors told them that the bruising on Jacob showed a hand print.
He also added that a detective informed them at the time that the injuries could have killed Jacob.
Jacob's mother said that when she came home that night more than two months ago and saw Jacob's black eye, she assumed he had somehow drawn on his face.
Jacob's mother Alice Quinney (pictured together above) says that she noticed Jacob's black eye immediately but thought he had somehow got marker on his face
'I thought maybe marker got on his face or something. When he turned over, his whole right side of his face -- black and blue,' she told OregonLive.
But then she also found marks on his ear, arm and back.
And although his bruises have now healed, she says the incident has changed her son – and left her terrified of leaving him alone with anyone.
'He's always been a mama's boy, very much but since this happened he's been a mama's boy times 100,' she said.
'This isn't something we can move on from.'
She wants the law to change, she said at the time.
Hilaire's aunt told The Oregonian that her nephew was drinking the night of the alleged abuse and she criticized the parents for leaving the boy in his care.
Hilaire remains in the Washington County Jail with bail set at $10,000.
Level 14 A Home for Troubled Children Comes Undone
A ProPublica examination has found that the California Department of Social Services fails to swiftly or conclusively investigate hundreds of claims of misconduct and other problems in group homes that house the state's most troubled children.
ProPublica reviewed more than 450 complaint investigations undertaken by the agency between 2009 and 2014 from roughly 50 Level 14 group homes, the residential facilities for California's most acutely disturbed children. More than half the investigations produced “inconclusive” findings, meaning that no determination of facts was reached in cases that involved sexual abuse, physical assaults, drug use or inadequate care at the facilities.
In some instances, the agency didn't even begin its investigations in earnest until well after the alleged perpetrators and victims had moved on from the home. In other cases, the accused and the accusers lived side by side for months.
Additionally, in the investigations in which complaints were substantiated, the agency almost never imposed one of its toughest sanctions – civil penalties. Instead, even in cases where children were injured or sexually abused by their peers, the state was satisfied to order “retraining” for the staff that had failed to oversee the children.
Michael Weston, a Department of Social Services spokesman, defended the rigor of the investigations. He said the hundreds of “inconclusive” findings were the only fair determinations when the truth behind the allegations could not be established.
“Are you suggesting that they should substantiate things that they don't have preponderance of the evidence to substantiate?” Weston asked, referring to the department's investigators. “You want to investigate something thoroughly, but again, we're not encouraging people to substantiate things if they don't have a preponderance of the evidence to substantiate.”
Weston added that all complaints are given “top priority,” and are investigated “as soon as possible.”
Advocates and experts in the field say the inconclusive reports reflect a deeper problem.
“The people conducting these investigations really aren't appropriately trained,” said Bill Grimm, a lawyer with the National Center for Youth Law. “They don't look at it with a kind of rigid approach that someone in law enforcement would use in a criminal investigation. That really undercuts the legitimacy of these investigations.”
In addition to acting on complaints filed by children, their families or workers at the facilities, the department is required to investigate what are known as “unusual incidents” – a range of episodes that can involve everything from missed medication to reports of criminal activity that come to involve the local police. The homes are required to file them electronically. The department must review each report within days and decide if it warrants further review. In those cases, inspectors typically visit the home, interview staff and children involved in the incident, and determine whether the home has violated its legal obligations.
ProPublica reviewed a sample of nearly 100 such investigations. The department appears to respond faster to incident reports than complaints and rarely makes “inconclusive” findings, but the investigations are sometimes left open indefinitely. Of the 100 investigations, DSS left about one-third of the cases open, found violations in another third, and deemed there were no violations in the final third.
In the cases involving complaints filed by the children or their families, the department is supposed to visit the home and initiate its investigation within 10 days. There are no legal requirements as to when the investigation must conclude. In dozens of instances, the records reviewed by ProPublica fail to make clear whether inspectors visited the home within 10 days of the complaint. The records do make clear that investigations often drag on for months.
In some respects, it's understandable the department often struggles to reach a definitive conclusion. The complaints are often made by children with severe mental health issues, whose accounts may not be consistently reliable.
Still, close examination of these cases reveal disturbing outcomes and oversights.
At the Bayfront Youth and Family Services home in Long Beach, ProPublica looked at 43 complaints from 2009 to 2014. Thirty-two were deemed inconclusive. The allegations ranged in severity. Some were very serious: children claiming they'd been viciously attacked by their peers or counselors. Others were minor, such as when a child said the home's staff had abruptly ended a home phone call by hanging up the line.
Over this five-year period, the department substantiated 10 complaints that included allegations of sexual activity and the improper use of restraints, meaning instances in which children were physically calmed or controlled by staff. In 2012, the department determined that several children had been injured during the staff's use of restraints and that staff at the home had deployed the technique far too often.
Yet, in the two years prior, Marleana Reed, the home's director, had promised DSS on nine separate occasions that she would retrain her staff on the proper use of restraints and other supervisory issues.. The department accepted her “plans of correction,” but the same problems went on for years.
Reed did not respond to repeated requests for comment.
On March 26, 2010, according to DSS files, two children had sex in one of the home's “day rooms.” Reed told the department she retrained the staffers who were supposed to be supervising the children. That year, eight more complaints of serious abuses came in. Children said they'd been punched, kicked and bitten, sometimes by staff, sometimes by each other. The department substantiated three complaints. One involved a counselor who had allegedly grabbed a child by the neck. In another, a child was given an icepack after he broke his clavicle. The boy didn't receive medical treatment for several hours. In a third incident, a child stood accused of “inappropriately touching” another in a movie theater. In each instance, the department accepted Reed's promises to retrain her staff and imposed no other sanctions.
In 2011, the pattern continued. Children lodged 11 complaints that year and four were substantiated. Two involved allegations of assault by staff. The department also investigated 16 separate incident reports that year, formal notices filed by staff at Bayfront. In one, inspectors confirmed that a counselor punched a child. In another, a child was found slashing her arm in a bathroom and was later hospitalized after swallowing a piece of metal. Reed fired four employees involved in incidents that year and told the department she had retrained several others. In November of that year, the department issued a civil penalty after confirming that two children had sex on the campus — the second such incident in a year.
In March 2012, records show, a department inspector spoke to Reed at the home. Children had fought or left the campus on four consecutive days that month and the inspector was concerned about the volume of restraints on the campus. Reed was instructed to tell her staff to use the technique only as a “last recourse.” But reports of violence between staff and clients continued that year.
On October 22, the home incurred another civil penalty after a child's face was injured during a restraint. A week later, the “day room” again was the site of sexual activity among children, according to an incident report.
In the first six months of 2013, department inspectors investigated six more complaints and responded to three incident reports at Bayfront. They substantiated just one complaint, finding that a child's thighs, torso and arms had been bruised during several restraints.
In spite of the home's record, the department allowed the facility to expand.
In the summer of 2013, the home added one more child to each of 11 rooms that originally housed two. It now has a capacity of 40 boys and girls, making it one of the largest Level 14 facilities in the state.
Since then, state inspectors have been back to the facility at least a dozen times to investigate claims of beatings and harassment perpetrated by staff. Again and again, the investigations have ended with a finding of “inconclusive.”
Department of Social Services spokesman Weston would not answer questions about the home and the state's oversight of it.
Other homes had their share of problems, too, the records show.
In March of 2009, the Department of Social Services received a complaint that a staff member at a 28-bed group home called Casa Pacifica in Camarillo was having sex with a minor resident.
The home's chief executive, Steven Elson, had hired the worker in 2008, and Elson said the man passed a background check performed by DSS. Elson said he had submitted the man's fingerprints and work history information to the department. The department, Elson said, reviewed the material and cleared him to work in the home in early 2008.
Six months later, Elson said he started receiving emails from staff about the worker. The man was supposed to be working exclusively with boys, but he kept showing up in the girls' cottage. Elson said he reprimanded the man, but decided to keep him on the staff.
In early 2009, a female resident of the home complained about the man's conduct. She said the man had been having sex with another girl on the campus. Elson's staff filed an unusual incident report with DSS. Elson said he also began an internal investigation. He couldn't substantiate the girl's claim. The alleged victim said she never had sex with the man and the accuser recanted her allegation. Elson said he fired the worker anyway.
DSS didn't begin its investigation until five weeks after the man had been fired. The investigation then took nine months. In that time, DSS wasn't able to substantiate the allegation of sex abuse.
But the inspectors did unearth one troubling, incontrovertible fact: It turned out the worker had impregnated an under-age child eight years earlier in 2001, state records show. The child was not a resident of a group home, and the man had yet to begin working for a home. Still, both the department and Elson missed that troubling episode during their background check.
No action was taken against the facility.“There are no deficiencies cited,” the report concludes.
Elson, in an interview, said that his facility had acted responsibly. He said he was disappointed, but not altogether surprised by the department's conduct in the investigation.
“It's a big bureaucracy. They regulate thousands of facilities: senior care, day care centers, group homes. Thousands of fingerprints and other information go to them. I know they probably aren't going to catch everything,” Elson said. “But here's the thing. Child serving businesses — day care centers, schools, places that work with children — they are a magnet for pedophile types. So you've got to be super careful and have policies that will highlight activity that might be concerning.”
In February 2010, DSS banned the former worker from working at any facility overseen by the department. Weston, the DSS spokesman, would not elaborate on how the department missed the earlier instance of child abuse.
“There was no information provided to the Department during the background check process that would have allowed the Department to deny the application for clearance,” he said.
In San Diego, the list of complaints made against the San Diego Center for Children in February of 2013 were lengthy and serious: too many children; not enough staff; staff members were driving residents of the facility around the city despite having been drinking and taking drugs; the facility's medical technicians were underqualified. State investigators took nine months to investigate the charges. Ultimately, they declared they could neither prove nor disprove any of the allegations. “Therefore, the above allegations are found to be inconclusive at this time,” the DSS report reads.
Representatives of the group home declined to address the specific allegations, saying only that they try to maintain a transparent and open relationship with the department and are sometimes frustrated themselves by DSS's inconclusive reports.
“As an organization we would like the opportunity to be cleared of allegations such as these and have the reports reflect the department's actual findings,” said Cheryl Rode, the home's senior clinical director.
In December of 2012, a staffer at the Fred Finch Youth Center in Lemon Grove had allegedly broken a child's collar bone. After nine months, investigators confirmed that the child had indeed suffered a fracture. But, their report said, “there is insufficient evidence to determine how the injury occurred.” There is no indication that the child or the alleged assailant had been relocated.
In an interview, Fred Finch Youth Center President and CEO Tom Alexander said the boy broke his collar bone when counselors were trying to prevent him from attacking them and other children.
“It was an accident,” Alexander said. “The staff did what they could. He was a big kid, probably 240 pounds or something like that.”
Alexander said that, in general, it's not unusual for a DSS investigation to culminate in an “inconclusive” finding. He said reports often sit on the desks of investigators for months after an initial questioning. Alexander attributes the delays to underfunding and understaffing in the department.
“They don't have the staff to get out to the facilities and investigate as quickly as they should,” Alexander said. “People's memories change. A kid might feel strongly about a complaint three weeks ago and now they can't remember it. That leads to more inconclusive reports than they'd have if they had adequate staff to make rapid and comprehensive review of allegations.”
Weston told ProPublica the agency is sufficiently funded to “meet its mandates.”
Maria Ramiu, an attorney for the Youth Law Center in San Francisco, said the inconclusive reports suggest a lack of training and expertise on the part of DSS investigators.
“You can move from being a DMV clerk to working as a [Licensing Program Analyst] if you meet the state's basic requirements,” Ramiu said, referring to the DSS employees who respond to complaints. “It goes to the core of whether we have an oversight system that is structured to keep kids safe. These children are very vulnerable. This is a population that is likely to be preyed upon because of their history of abuse. They are isolated. But we don't have a good system of protection for them.”
Along with a helper that checks which messages have already been sent, this is to prepare phase. The precondition is that we haven't already sent any prepare messages for this timestamp. In practice, this means that each timestamp is unique and attempted only once. This is a more restrictive condition than is strictly needed — it isn't even possible to implement the algorithm the way it is shown as we would need to see messages that other proposers sent. That's okay! The implementation doesn't have to exactly match the specification. It is usually desirable to make the specification as simple as possible. Lamport uses the same trick in his Paxos specification. Choosing the level of abstraction is a hard part of writing specifications. This specification also says nothing about durability or recovering from crashes. Creating such a specification is possible but would be more complicated.
To prepare phase here is identical to Paxos, except that we also keep a record in the history to be able to check later that our register is linearizable.
Here again when processing a prepared message, the Gryadka algorithm is the same as a plain-old Paxos write-once register. The precondition is that the acceptor's current prepared timestamp must be lower than the received timestamp. Remember that if any precondition is false, none of these actions are taken. One other thing to note is that a message is sent back to the proposer, but the received message that initiated this action isn't consumed. That simulates network duplication — we rely on the precondition for correctness.
After receiving a quorum of “promise” messages that satisfy the old value of our operation, the proposer sends out the “accept” messages. This is the difference between Gryadka and a write-once Paxos register. The value to be accepted is the new value of the CAS operation, while in Paxos we would send the PromisedValue as the value to be accepted (or if that was some “null” value, we would accept any value we desire). This is a tiny change, but it completely changes the algorithm. In my opinion, this is why distributed systems are hard to reason about — the effects of one small change have a massive effect on the overall system.
One thing to note here is that PromisedValue is always a value because we initialized the system with an initial value at all nodes. Incorporating a “null” value would also be possible but would complicate the specification here.
Processing to accept message at a given acceptor is straightforward, the timestamp of the message must match the timestamp the acceptor is prepared for. If it does match, the acceptor's state is updated and an “accepted” message is sent back to the proposer.
After receiving a quorum of “accepted” messages, the proposer can respond back to the client that the value has been changed. This finalizes the operation, so the successful response is recorded in the history. That's it! The core of the algorithm is only a few dozen lines of math and much easier to digest than the python code in the original post.
One thing you might notice is that this specification doesn't include any sort of negative acknowledgement. Any operation that never completes successfully — either because of message delays, preconditions not being met, or any other reason — is simply never responded to. Again, that's a deliberate decision to simplify the specification. You probably wouldn't implement a system this way in the real world. We could extend the specification to simulate NACKs, but it doesn't change the essence of the algorithm.
BEDMINSTER, United States — US President Donald Trump said Friday he was considering military options as a response to the escalating crisis in Venezuela, describing the situation there as a “very dangerous mess.”
“We have many options for Venezuela, including a possible military option if necessary,” Trump told reporters in New Jersey.
“We have troops all over the world in places that are very far away. Venezuela is not very far away and the people are suffering and they're dying.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The comments came two days after his administration imposed new sanctions on Venezuela, targeting members of a loyalist assembly installed last week to bolster what Washington calls the “dictatorship” of President Nicolas Maduro.
The Venezuelan government responded to the sanctions by saying the US was “making a fool of itself in front of the world.”
Trump said Venezuela's ongoing crisis was among the topics discussed at the talks he hosted in New Jersey on Friday with his Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and UN Ambassador Nikki Haley.
“Venezuela is a mess. It is very dangerous mess and a very sad situation,” Trump said.
Amazon and the CIA: a match made in hell
Part Two: Amazon, war propaganda, and the suppression of free speech
By Evan Blake
14 July 2017
This is the second in a two part series, read part one here.
Prior to and during the C2S contract negotiations process, Amazon demonstrated its willingness to collaborate with the IC to stifle growing opposition to American imperialism and its spy agencies. In November 2010, AWS deliberately crashed WikiLeaks' website after the organization began publishing the Cablegate documents.
After WikiLeaks had already published the Afghan and Iraq War Logs, numerous politicians had denounced the organization, with some calling for the execution of Assange. Right-wing Democratic Senator Joe Lieberman, who was instrumental in forming the Department of Homeland Security and served as chairman of the Senate Homeland Security Committee from 2007 to 2013, publicly called upon Amazon and other companies to sever ties with WikiLeaks, declaring, “No responsible company, whether American or foreign, should assist WikiLeaks in its efforts to disseminate these stolen materials.” Amazon dutifully complied, cutting off the public's access to WikiLeaks' web page.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange
In response, WikiLeaks tweeted: “WikiLeaks servers at Amazon ousted. Free speech the land of the free—fine our $ are now spent to employ people in Europe.”
Amazon's sabotage of WikiLeaks forced the organization to find a new server provider, and demonstrated to the state Amazon's readiness to crack down on those opposed to the government's criminality. This nefarious use of its power to control Internet communications no doubt piqued the interest of the CIA, which two years later would include AWS as a bidder for its private cloud contract.
In the summer of 2013, two months after Snowden's first revelations of massive spying by the American government, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos purchased the highly influential newspaper the Washington Post for $250 million.
After winning the Pulitzer Prize in Public Service in 2014 for its coverage of the Snowden leaks, in 2016 the Post became the first newspaper to call for the criminal prosecution of its own source. In an article headlined “No pardon for Edward Snowden,” the Post Editorial Board denounced those calling for Snowden's pardon and demanded that he stand trial on espionage charges.
During the 2016 election campaign, the Post endorsed Hillary Clinton, the military and intelligence community's favored candidate. Since the election of Trump, the Post has been one of the leading outlets engaged in a hysterical campaign of anti-Russia propaganda, intended to force the Trump administration to shift its foreign policy orientation toward continuing the drive to war with Russia begun under Obama. They have served as a direct conduit for the CIA and other intelligence agencies, repeatedly releasing sensationalist “breaking news” stories citing anonymous intelligence officials, in an attempt to stampede public opinion behind the right-wing campaign against Trump.
November 24, 2016, Washington Post anti-Russia article that was widely criticized as shoddy journalism
Undoubtedly, AWS's undermining of WikiLeaks, combined with Bezos's purchase of the Post and the increasing dominance of Amazon as a multinational corporation, influenced the CIA's decision to award the C2S contract to the company. The company was recognized as a willing and competent ally in the fight to suppress free speech and democratic rights.
Cementing ties between Amazon and the military
In September 2013, while the Court of Federal Claims was determining whether the CIA would need to re-open the bidding competition between Amazon and IBM, AWS went ahead and posted more than 100 job listings for engineers possessing the highest security clearance offered by the US government, “Top Secret/Sensitive Compartmented Information.”
The jobs were listed for an AWS center in Herndon, Virginia, a 20-minute drive from CIA headquarters. Last month, Amazon announced that it will be locating its new AWS East Coast corporate campus at One Dulles Tower in Herndon, and are expected to employ up to 1,500 tech workers at the campus. The company situates most of its data centers in the northern Virginia area, through which an estimated 70 percent of global Internet traffic flows.
Further developing its connections to the state, in 2015 Amazon partnered with the Department of Defense (DoD) to create a program titled “AWS Military Fellowship,” in which active-duty military personnel spend time working for Amazon. The company currently has at least three soldiers working at AWS.
In its statement announcing the program, Amazon wrote that it is intended to “build a unique cadre of officers who understand not only the profession of arms, but also the nature of the strategic problems facing the DoD, and the organizational and operational opportunities made possible by revolutionary changes in information and other technologies. These officers will be at the forefront of transforming defense strategy, military forces, and the supporting infrastructure.”
In March 2016, Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter visited Amazon headquarters in Seattle, “as part of a West Coast swing aimed at strengthening ties between the Department of Defense (DoD) and the tech community,” according to an Amazon blog post on Carter's visit.
Carter first met with the AWS Military Fellowship employees, then held a meeting with Jeff Bezos and other key figures in AWS leadership, “to discuss innovation topics and ways to strengthen military exchange programs and partnerships with the technology industry,” the report notes. Reports also suggest that there were discussions of expanding the Pentagon's use of AWS cloud-computing technologies.
During his West Coast tour, Carter also announced the formation of the Defense Innovation Advisory Board, which would be headed by Carter and Eric Schmidt, the executive chairman of Alphabet, the parent company of Google. In July 2016, Bezos was invited to join the board, whose purpose is to further integrate leading figures from the technology sector with the military. It is a component of the broader “Third Offset Strategy,” which seeks to maintain the global supremacy of the American military over potential rivals, in particular Russia and China.
Announcing the program, Carter declared that the board is “charged with keeping DoD imbued with a culture of innovation in people, organizations, operations, and technology ... and also to ensure that we're always doing everything we can to stay ahead of potential adversaries.”
Over the past year, the board has met with leading figures in the military, including at the headquarters of U.S. Central Command and U.S. Special Operations Command in Tampa, Florida. In early January, the board voted to approve 11 recommendations to enhance the military in areas ranging from strengthening cybersecurity for advanced weapons to increasing funding for artificial intelligence research.
Jeff Bezos (far left) meeting with Donald Trump and other tech executives
During the 2016 election campaign, Bezos made mild criticisms of Trump, who accused the Post of being a “fake news” outlet. Since Trump's inauguration, however, the two have reconciled their differences, with Trump appointing Bezos to the American Technology Council that he formed in May. Bezos and the 18 other tech executives on the council met cordially with Trump in June.
The fight against Amazon requires a struggle against imperialism
The integration of Amazon with the state and its spy agencies typifies a broader trend of modern capitalism, in which all of the major corporations closely collaborate with their respective governments and facilitate imperialist war abroad. This is one of the defining features of imperialism.
Under the catch-all justification of protecting “national security,” a euphemism for upholding the global interests of the American capitalist class, the military-intelligence apparatus has carried out unremitting atrocities abroad and erected the infrastructure for a police state within the US. Since its contract with the IC in 2013, Amazon has directly facilitated these behind-the-scenes machinations.
Amazon's fulfillment center in San Fernando de Henares, Spain
As Lenin noted in the Preface to his 1917 work State and Revolution, written during World War I and in the midst of the Russian Revolution, “The imperialist war has greatly accelerated and intensified the transformation of monopoly capitalism into state-monopoly capitalism. The monstrous oppression of the laboring masses by the state—which connects itself more and more intimately with the all-powerful capitalist combines—is becoming ever more monstrous. The foremost countries are being converted—we speak here of their ‘rear'—into military convict labor prisons for the workers.”
Amazon exemplifies these characteristics described by Lenin. While collaborating with the spy agencies to wage war abroad, Amazon subjects its workforce in the US and around the world to brutal sweatshop working conditions.
As the International Amazon Workers Voice (IAWV) has reported, the company pushes its workers to their utmost limit, causing widespread workplace injuries and even fatalities. It tracks employees' movements and enforces ever-increasing productivity requirements, creating conditions at Amazon warehouses that increasingly resemble the “convict labor prisons” described by Lenin.
The struggle to put an end to class exploitation and war are inseparably connected. There can be no fight against war without a fight against its root cause, capitalism and its division of the world into rival nation states. The resources squandered on imperialist war and the spy agencies, and the immense wealth accumulated by figures like Bezos, must be seized by the working class and redirected to provide for social needs, not private profit or the destruction of foreign countries.
Fight Google's censorship! Google is blocking the World Socialist Web Site from search results. To fight this blacklisting: Share this article with friends and coworkers Facebook
Twitter
E-Mail
Reddit
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Happy March! New month, new beginnings…new toys. Or maybe baby clothes. Or whatever else you wanna buy at Toys'R'Us or Babies'R'Us. (This gift card is valid at BOTH stores.) I know a lot of my readers have kids, and/or grandkids, and/or friends-or-sisters-or-neighbors-who-just-made-THAT-announcement (you know the one), so this giveaway is for you.
Or maybe you're twenty-eight and you just really like Play-Doh and Tonka Trucks. That's fine. This giveaway can be for you, too.
There are lots of ways to enter! Just head down to the widget below, or over to the Facebook page for an additional way to win. If you're already subscribed to the blog and/or following me on the social media channels, those are automatic entries for you guys — you'd just need to sign in to the widget and click the ones that apply to you. 🙂
As always, I appreciate your readership! This giveaway closes on St. Patrick's Day (Thursday, March 17, 2016) at 5 PM PST. Good luck!
$50 Toys'R'Us/Babies'R'Us Gift Card
When German Jalopnik reader Andreas (TheSafetyEngineer) told me he knew a guy near Nuernberg who hoarded Mitsubishis, I figured he was talking about someone who was in over his head with maybe five or six Lancers pouring out of his driveway. Boy, was I wrong. It turns out the ultimate Mitsubishi stash isn't in Japan, but Germany.
Tilo Macht and his wife Anja, owners of Autohaus Macht—a small shop in Eckental, Bavaria that specializes in fixing Subarus, Mitsubishis, Suzukis and Saabs—are legitimately obsessed with old Mitsubishis. Like, Someone Should Have Staged An Intervention Decades Ago-obsessed.
But it's too late. After growing up in a household that sold Mitsubishi, Tilo now owns well over 100 of the cars, ranging from standard little Colts to extremely rare FTOs.
Advertisement
The duo get their cars from everywhere, including German car buying websites, car museums (one actually came from the Mitsubishi Museum in Japan), and U.S. army bases. Others are either driven or shipped from Japan, England, Australia, the Netherlands—all over the place. The Machts' need to satiate their Mitsubishi love knows no geographical bounds.
Why so many Mitsubishis, and why that brand? Tilo told me he's the son of a Mitsubishi dealer and just loves the cars. Plus, he considers them as an advertising tool and a long-term investment.
I don't know about that last part, but you can't doubt their enthusiasm. Tilo and Anja own 12 old Lancer Turbos—12 of the same car! And they have eight Sapporos! We get to benefit from their almost-clinical addition by feasting our eyes on droves of gorgeous Mitsubishis.
Advertisement
Out Front
As soon as I got to the workshop, I was greeted by a huge line of modified Mitsubishis and Subarus, many of which Tilo and his team modded themselves.
Advertisement
Though they look neatly placed in front of the shop, they're not garage queens: Tilo actually drives these things. He told me about a time he drove to a local rally in one of his own Rally-liveried cars shown below, and was actually waved in to the pits by the race staff! And even though he didn't take them up on their offer, he does run these things in “Old School Rallies” just like god intended.
One of the coolest cars out front was this old Lancer from Hungary, which has an EVO III engine and an R34 GT-R turbo and intake.
Advertisement
Let's have a gander at that monster:
Advertisement
And because it would be ridiculous not to show the R34 turbo:
Here's a charred spot on the wall out front (apparently one of the cars shoots flames):
Advertisement
Here are some more pictures of the cars out front. A Mitsubishi Sapporo turbo:
Advertisement
Lancers and Colts:
Mitsubishi Starion:
Advertisement
Around The Side
And then around the side, I had even more to take in.
Advertisement
That was when things got weird. Check out this Subaru Sambar Kei-car with a Bus body conversion (no, it's not a Mitsubishi, but it's still awesome):
Then there's this ridiculously low-mileage, extremely rare Lancer 1800 Turbo imported from the Mitsubishi Museum in Japan. It's in immaculate condition.
Advertisement
Behind it is an Eclipse and a Mitsubishi Colt. But even if the Eclipse looks more badass than the little white hatchback, it's the Colt that deserves your attention. That's because it has been the recipient of an FTO engine swap, meaning it makes 200 horsepower from a 2.0-liter V6, and on top of all that, it's got EVO III suspension and brake systems.
There's also another Colt in the garage that's going to have a Galant's 2.5-liter V6 shoved in its engine bay, and will also get a wide-body kit that's been sitting in the back of the shop.
Advertisement
Yeah, Tilo is crazy.
Here's the rest of the lineup on the right side of the building, starting with a convertible Mitsubishi Sapporo (one of only 300 in Europe, I'm told— Tilo has two in his collection), and a rare Lancer GTI. And a Carisma!
Advertisement
And finally finishing up with an Eclipse and an old Lancer Ralliant:
Advertisement
Front Room
As you keep walking along the right side of the building, at the end of the row of cars on the left is the big garage door above. And as soon as you walk in, you turn to your left, and see this:
Advertisement
It's an ocean of classic Mitsubishis. And smack-dab in the front is a 1977 Lancer Kombi—one of apparently just two in all of Germany. And right next to it is a Mitsubishi Pajero, basically Mitsubishi's version of the CJ-3B.
But forget all of that, because right behind the sexy gold Kombi is an FTO! These things were only built for the Japanese Market, and came with a 2.0-liter V6 making about 200 horsepower. More importantly, it's just gorgeous:
Advertisement
And FTOs have the finest ass of any car in the history of automobiledom:
Here's a yellow Mitsubishi Celeste, which received a Pajero 2.3-liter diesel engine swap from the Netherlands (apparently only about 1,000 Celestes got such a treatment).
Advertisement
Here's the butt:
Advertisement
And in front of it is a Galant Coupe, the only one in all of Europe:
The rear:
Advertisement
Behind that yellow Celeste is another Celeste:
Advertisement
To the left of that gorgeous beast sits a third-generation Mitsubishi Galant Kombi:
And to the right is a Cordia GSL:
Advertisement
Over to the side, there's another Celeste:
Advertisement
The rear:
And there's a beaten up Colt GTI, also a fairly rare car:
Advertisement
And a Mitsubishi 3000GT biturbo (look at that gorgeous Mitsubishi J53 Jeep in the background):
Behind that J53 is this old Starion:
Advertisement
There were Starions everywhere:
And A70 Lancer Sedans hidden under hoists:
Advertisement
More random pictures of that front room:
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Side Room
Walking past that sea of cars on the left and straight through the garage, there's another room on the left through a big wooden sliding door:
Advertisement
It's filled with gorgeous Starions. Look at this one with its factory wide body kit:
Advertisement
The other convertible Sapporo:
A gray Colt turbo (the first Colt sold in Germany, I'm told), a white Colt GTI, some Eclipses and a Starion:
Advertisement
But the star of the entire collection is this beautiful old Colt 1000, which Tilo and Anja got from Australia, and of which I'm told there are only 10 left in the whole world!
And behind that sits this white A70 Lancer:
Advertisement
Then there's this 1995 Mitsubishi Eclipse Targa:
And in front of it, there's the first car in the collection, an old Galant.
Advertisement
It was in this car that Tilo got into a really bad accident. One of his friends bet him he could never fix the car up, as the entire front and driver's side had been torn open like a sardine can.
But since Tilo isn't one to turn down a bet, he spent a year working on the car almost every other day, and got it to the shape you see above. It's a bit of an oddball car, now. The spoiler and exhaust come from a BMW, the wheels are from a VW Golf, and Tilo built his own adjustable coilover suspension system.
Advertisement
More pictures of the side room:
Advertisement
Advertisement
Back Room
Advertisement
But that's not all. Directly opposite the side room, on the other side of the front garage, is an overhead door. And through that garage door are lots and lots of tires and wheels:
You have to be careful not to trip over engine blocks:
Advertisement
Once you're in, you turn to the right, and you start seeing the backs of cars in a tiny little hallway:
Then you walk through and see even more Mitsubishis:
Advertisement
Colts and Galants and Lancers: Tilo has it all:
Advertisement
Advertisement
Behind The Garage
Advertisement
But there's more. Just outside of the garage sit a bunch of cars.
But between Tilo's workshop and the neighboring building, there's another ocean of Japanese automobiles:
Advertisement
First, you have to squeeze past the flatbed:
And when you do, you see this:
Advertisement
It's a yard filled with Tredias, Colts, Eclipses, Lancers, Galants and all sorts of Subarus as well. Have a look:
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
I think it's safe to say that Tilo and Anja, despite perhaps having an incurable Mitsubishi disease, are my heroes.
This year will feature more aggressive-looking cars with wider front and rear wings as part of a revised aerodynamic rules, and the cars will be fitted with wider tyres.
F1's two most recent major rule changes both shook up the established order among teams, with Brawn GP and Red Bull ousting Ferrari and McLaren as the top two squads in 2009 and Mercedes emerging as the sport's dominant force in 2014.
But Smedley doesn't expect a similar thing to happen this time around, although he remains hopeful that the 2017 regulations will at least allow for a greater number of potential winners in each race.
“I hope it's going to shake things up a bit but I don't think we'll have a complete change in pecking order,” Smedley told Motorsport.com's sister title Autosport.
“In F1, no-one ever won a world championship without a substantial budget. Money does count, at least in this era of F1.
“But that is not to say the intra groups - the front, midfield and back - are not going to get shaken up a bit and you're not going to have more people in that top group.
“It's really important you get more people up in that top group and we're starting the weekend with it not being entirely clear who is going to win the race - that is what turns the fans off.
“If you go into it thinking four or five drivers can win here, that's really exciting and I hope that's what the new regulations do for us.”
With teams starting 2017 with all-new concepts, there is an expectation development will be relentless and consistent throughout the season.
As a result, Smedley believes a car that starts off as the quickest in Australia will not be the same as at the final in Abu Dhabi.
“I don't expect the fastest car in Australia to be the fastest car in Abu Dhabi," said Smedley. “What that allows is some change in the pecking order through the season.
“If that happens, the rules have ultimately been successful.”
The U.S. Senate will vote Monday on two competing proposals — one from each party — intended to prevent suspected terrorists from buying guns. Though the plans differ substantially, each is based on the federal government's terrorist watch list, which would become a stronger screening mechanism as part of the instant background check system used by licensed gun sellers before turning over a gun to a buyer.
The votes, for the moment, represent the first legislative response in Congress to the June 12 massacre in Orlando in which 49 people were killed, making it the worst mass shooting in U.S. history. The gunman, Omar Mateen, pledged his allegiance to the Islamic State and had been investigated by the FBI for possible terrorist ties beginning in 2013.
It's not clear how much lifesaving impact the new legislation would have, even in the unlikely chance that either one passes because, relatively speaking, so few gun deaths come from terrorist attacks and background checks are so easy to evade at gun shows and on the internet. (Terrorists increasingly are turning to guns, though, and have used them in three mass shootings over the last 12 months: Orlando, the Charleston church shooting and San Bernardino.)
But the plans would give new prominence to the government's terrorist list, officially known as the Terrorist Screening Database. And that database has been the subject of intense debate over its accuracy and usefulness.
After the 9/11 attacks, U.S. intelligence agencies consolidated roughly a dozen lists of suspected terrorists into the database, which is administered by the FBI. This list is reported to have included around 800,000 names as of September 2014, of which only a tiny fraction (perhaps a few thousand) are American citizens. The no-fly list, a subset of the overall terror watch list, reportedly includes a few thousand names.
Some experts stand by the terror watch list while acknowledging some early flaws. The Government Accountability Office says it has kept hundreds of people who are potential threats from boarding flights or getting visas to come to the U.S. Arkadi Gerney, a gun policy expert and senior fellow at the Center for American Progress, a liberal group in Washington, D.C., called it “quite legitimate,” though he acknowledged there had been misidentifications in the early years of the list. Since July 2005, the FBI has run licensed gun transactions against the terror watch list; while the agency can see those transactions, it can't always stop them, but it can notify local FBI agents of suspicious sales. All in all, Gerney said, the watch list has “been effective in preventing attacks.”
But civil liberties and gun rights groups are critical of the list. The American Civil Liberties Union is still studying the proposed legislation and would not comment for this story. But the ACLU, citing secret documents released by the journalism site The Intercept, was critical in 2014 of the growing numbers of people on the watch list, saying there are no clear standards by which to determine who is placed in a database that can be used for religious and racial profiling. The rights of American citizens to contest their possible inclusion on the list is infringed because of the list's secrecy, the ACLU said.
Whatever the flaws of the list, it seems likely that many people who are on it could have been automatically stopped from buying guns from retailers had the list been used for a presale background check. From 2004 to 2015, some 2,477 people on the terror watch list attempted to buy a firearm or explosive through a licensed dealer, according to data from the Government Accountability Office. Of those, 2,265 were allowed to make the purchase, or roughly 91 percent. Only 212 were denied. That's because “under federal law, there is no basis to automatically prohibit a person from possessing firearms or explosives because they appear on the terrorist watch list,” the GAO said.
YEAR TOTAL BACKGROUND CHECKS MATCHES WITH TERRORIST WATCHLIST DENIED TRANSACTIONS 2004 8,687,671* 48 5 2005 8,952,945 149 8 2006 10,036,933 179 26 2007 11,177,335 287 28 2008 12,709,023 246 18 2009 14,033,824 272 22 2010 14,409,616 272 25 2011 16,454,951* 142 12 2012 19,592,303* 153 16 2013 21,093,273 256 16 2014 20,968,547 229 15 2015 23,141,970 244 21 2016 11,698,006* — — Total 192,956,397 2,477 212 Gun sales to people on the terror watchlist are a tiny portion of all sales *2004 GAO numbers begin in February; 2016 FBI numbers are through May; 2011 and 2012 numbers are incomplete. Sources: FBI, Government Accountability Office
The GAO numbers come from matches between the terror watch list and the more than 192 million background checks conducted since 2004 through the FBI's National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). The NICS process checks whether people buying a firearm or explosive from a licensed dealer — which covers some but not all gun sales — are eligible to do so. More than 99 percent of buyers are approved; the most common reason for denial is a felony record.
The National Rifle Association has said that terrorists should not be allowed to purchase guns but has opposed using the watch list for that purpose because some names may be on the list by mistake. In a statement on Wednesday, the group said that “due process protections should be put in place that allow law-abiding Americans who are wrongly put on a watch list to be removed.”
Nonetheless, the probability that a law-abiding U.S. gun buyer would be mistakenly prevented from buying a gun is low. There is roughly a 1-in-89,000 chance a background check conducted since 2013 would be flagged in the terror watch list.
Advocates for stricter gun-control measures support the use of the watch list as a component of background checks.
“We're not talking about a large burden on law-abiding citizens,” said Ted Alcorn, the research director of Everytown for Gun Safety, a nonprofit organization started by former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg. “There is a responsibility to the public. The gravity when a dangerous person gets ahold of a firearm — it creates enormous consequences.”
Senate Republican leaders agreed to hold the votes — along with two others that would expand the background-check system — after Democratic senators staged a filibuster last week to protest the lack of action on gun-related measures.
The Democratic proposal, sponsored by Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California, would give the Department of Justice the authority to delay or deny gun sales to people now on the terror watch list or anyone investigated for terror connections in the previous five years. The Republican legislation, by Sen. John Cornyn of Texas, would limit the government to a 72-hour period to go to court to block a gun sale. (It also includes the previous-five-year investigation provision.)
A compromise measure, which may have a better chance of passage if the other two fail, has been circulated by Sen. Susan Collins, Republican of Maine. It would prohibit sales to people whose names are on the no-fly list or a smaller list of people who get extra screening at airports. It would not use the much larger terrorist watch list.
Advocates for using the watch list point out that Mateen, the Orlando shooter, was on the terror watch list for 10 months in 2013 and 2014 and might have been stopped from purchasing the rifle and handgun he acquired in the week before the shooting, had the law allowed the FBI to investigate individuals formerly on the terror watch list. Gerney, the gun policy expert, gave another example: a fatal 2009 shooting at a military recruiting office in Little Rock, Arkansas, after which the attacker was found to be on the terror watch list.
Evading the current background-check system remains so easy that people on the watch list — once they become aware that the government is keeping an eye on them — would have no trouble buying a gun through another method. That's why Alcorn said the top priority of Everytown and other pro-gun-control groups is not using the watch list but rather expanding background checks to all gun sales.
Carl Bialik provided research assistance.
Angered after being given the boot from a Davie bar, a man came back to the establishment with Molotov cocktails made out of gasoline-filled beer bottles, and tossed them at the bar owner, police said.
The incident occurred early Monday morning at Cagney's Saloon, 5983 S. University Drive, according to Davie Police Capt. Dale Engle.
Jail records indicate Christopher Colosimo, 42, was arrested shortly before 4 a.m.
Authorities say that after getting thrown out of the bar, Colosimo, of Fort Lauderdale, didn't call it a night.
"They kick him out, he gets upset, he leaves," Engle said. "He comes back with two beer bottles filled with gasoline."
Why Colosimo was ejected from Cagney's was not clear Tuesday afternoon.
After lighting the Molotov cocktails, Colosimo threw them at the owner of Cagney's Saloon, who was standing outside the bar when Colosimo returned, Engle said.
Although Colosimo's target was not injured, the sidewalk was slightly damaged, police said.
No injuries were reported among any of the patrons who were at the bar during the incident.
When police arrived, they encountered a combative and intoxicated Colosimo who kicked a dent into a police car as he was being apprehended, Engle said.
During the struggle, he also punched one of the police officers in the chest and stomach region and broke free in an attempt to escape. But he didn't get far, Engle said.
Police were able to handcuff Colosimo — who was ultimately pepper-sprayed — a short distance away. Once inside the patrol unit, Colosimo unsuccessfully tried to kick out the patrol unit's window.
He also banged his head against the protective barrier between the front and back seat of the police car, Engle said.
On Tuesday, Colosimo had a bandaged head when he went before Broward Judge Lisa Porter for a first-appearance court hearing.
Colosimo was charged with battery on a law enforcement officer, first-degree arson, criminal mischief, possessing or manufacturing a firebomb, corruption by threat against a public servant, resisting or obstructing an officer without violence and attempting to escape.
He was ultimately ordered held without bond because of a pending case for which bond was revoked. In that case, Colosimo was accused of misuse of the 911 system/false report to law enforcement.
He was also ordered to stay away from Cagney's Saloon.
epesantes@tribune.com or 954-356-4543 or Twitter @epesantes
Every time a new shiny phone is released, the typical claims of how great its camera is are barfed from the mouths of marketing professionals. It's no different with the new Moto X, whose previous incarnation took disappointing shots. But the new 2015 edition might just deserve a seat alongside other smartphone heavy-hitters.
Our comparison phones this time around are ones we consider to have the most popular, best-performing cameras: the iPhone 6, Samsung Galaxy S6, and LG G4. In the hot seat, you'll find the Moto X Pure edition, the $400 flagship Motorola phone announced just last month. It boasts a 21 megapixel Sony sensor, and since Sony makes terrific sensors, it has a lot going for it on paper. Here we go!
Advertisement
Detail
This test really shocked me when I found the Moto X to have clearly the best rendered detail out of all the phones. It just looks the most defined when viewed at full size, and by quite a big margin over the G4, which was our previous winner.
Advertisement
Moto X:
Advertisement
Color
I like bright colors that aren't over-saturated. This is somewhat of a personal preference, but overall contrast and color accuracy are at play as well. The Moto X did really well in this scene with natural greens and an overall look that isn't too warm or cool. The red of the flower is a bit oversaturated, and you might prefer the flatter look of the G4, but Moto X definitely had the most accurate white balance.
Advertisement
I also tested skin tones, because making humans look like humans is kind of important. The Moto X shines here, rendering a good natural tone, where all the other cams skew way too much toward warm and yellow. Again, white balance plays a part here, and the Moto X nails it.
Advertisement
Lens haze
I came upon this test by accident, when I took pics of the ground in front of me and saw a harsh diffraction haze on most of the photos. This is mostly due to quality of the lens, and it's definitely affecting how good a lot of shots turn out. The Moto X blew the others out of the water, with no trace of the ugly blue haze entering the bottom of all the other pics.
Moto X:
Advertisement
Galaxy S6 (yikes):
Advertisement
Low light
Damn you low light, for making an otherwise great camera fail pretty miserably. The Moto X falls flat on its face here, with ugly noise and exposure problems. It's beguiling because Sony sensors are usually great in low light. It could be a processing issue with poor noise reduction to blame. However you slice it, the Moto X is doomed to be a victim of darkness. The winner comes down to personal preference. I still like the color and natural grain of the iPhone, but a case could be made for the G4.
Moto X:
Advertisement
LG G4:
Advertisement
The Moto X does have a setting called Night Mode which is supposed to improve low light shooting. In practice, it works just OK. It does produce cleaner detail without colorful smudging, but it still often results in dark or lackluster images. Pictures in Night Mode produce 5 megapixel images instead of the standard 21. And do you really want to remember to switch your camera in and out of a mode all the time?
Cropped detail shot in Night Mode:
Advertisement
Cropped detail shot in standard mode:
Front facing cam
Nobody likes using the front facing camera on their phone because it usually sucks. Sometimes you just need that perfect selfie though. This particular room had terrible overhead light which made for a tough challenge. The G4 has the best result in this scene, but the Moto X is not far behind in terms of natural color, even though it metered the exposure a bit dark I prefer a bit dark to blown out highlights. It also has a front-facing flash, which is nice.
Advertisement
The S6 has the best detail, but the awful color cast kind of ruins it.
Autofocus
I don't have this test visually represented, but I did compare focus speed. The Moto X has phased detect autofocus, which is good, but also featured on the Galaxy S6 and iPhone 6. I found the Moto X's focus speed pretty much on par with the rest of the phones. It's a hard thing to test because of varying interfaces, focus point sizes, and the slim margines of difference. To me eyes, iPhone lagged slightly behind and the S6 came out slightly on top.
Advertisement
Other things worth mentioning
UI - I rather dislike the user interface of the Moto X's camera app. There is simple tap to focus. You have to either tap the display to focus and shoot in one action, or you can move the focus point around with you finger. But you can't simply tap to focus, then take a picture with a separate button. Also, there's no physical shutter button. You have to tap somewhere in your frame, or use the volume button. It's just weird to get used to.
Stabilization - The Moto X features no optical stabilization like the iPhone 6 Plus, Galaxy S6, and the G4. OIS definitely makes it easier to grab non-blurry shots handheld. I like not having to concentrate every muscle on being unreasonably still when taking pictures. It's definitely something to consider.
Advertisement
HDR - There are situations where a good HDR mode is a lifesaver. Some cameras overdo it and the results are goofy and unrealistic. The Moto X pulls it off decently, but the dark portion of your image is still gonna look a bit ragged.
Moto X in HDR mode:
Advertisement
Moto X in standard mode:
Overall, the Moto X managed to pull off a very impressive photo game, except in low light! Argh! It's so frustrating. If you buy this phone, you'll just have to think hard about what kind of pics you take, or else simply say goodbye to photo ops in dim bars and back alleys. There are other annoyances like the stock camera UI, too. But the improvement from the last version of the Moto X is huge, and the camera is no longer a major liability of the product as a whole.
Advertisement
By , 22
SAN JOSE, Calif.—Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Ltd. is ramping its 16nm process and making progress on plans to roll out 10 and 7nm nodes over the next two years. The news injected optimism in a crowd of about 1,500 attendees at a Silicon Valley event here where the world's largest independent chip foundry shared its long-sought success with FinFETs and the great unknown beyond.
Some observers were underwhelmed, claiming TSMC's road map to 7nm will only bring it in line with the 14nm process in which Intel is currently ramping its Skylake CPUs.
Indeed, even TSMC executives noted its 10 and 7nm nodes will have minimum feature sizes of about 20 and 14nm, respectively. And they all use the same fundamental FinFET transistor structures Intel pioneered at 22nm and 14nm. However, they also reported significant progress on research on post-FinFET devices.
At the event, TSMC provided a wealth of details about its current and future nodes, but said little about cost. Analyst Handel Jones of International Business Strategies (Los Gatos, Calif.) estimates it could cost as much as $150 million to make a 10nm chip, a data point TSMC execs quoted but didn't confirm.
Customers such as Xilinx skipped TSMC's first generation 16nm FinFET process. But Xilinx chief executive Moshe Garielov was effusive about the 16FF+ process in which he is now building multiple chips, claiming a lead over rival Altera which he said is waiting to tape out 14nm chips in the fabs of its new owner, Intel.
One of the new Xilinx 16nm FPGAs packs 5.2 billion transistors to support seven programmable cores. “We have the only [16nm FPGA] out and we believe we have a year advantage,” he said.
Analyst Jones claimed in January only a handful of 16nm chips were in volume production even though the original process had been in the works for some time.
TSMC execs declined to comment except to note the foundry started volume production of 16FF+ in the third quarter of last year. It had 50 16nm tape outs last year and expects another 70 this year, ramping to capacity of 300,000 16nm wafers/quarter by the end of the year. Most of the ramp will come between June and October.
The foundry also is ramping a low-power version, 16FF Compact (16FFC) that supports operating voltages down to 0.5V for mid- and low-end smartphones, wearables and the Internet of Things. It will be ready for volume production by April.
Third parties including ARM, Dolphin, Imagination Technologies and Synopsys will roll out IP reference subsystems for the process late this year. Some blocks such as embedded flash, Bluetooth and Zigbee transceivers and embedded power management blocks are not yet ready, said Cliff Hou, vice president of R&D for design platforms at TSMC.
carmakers will get their own variant of the 16nm process that should be ready to make ADAS and infotainment chips by mid-2017. IP blocks for the process will be certified for ISO26262 and AEC-Q100 Grade 1 standards important for carmakers. TSMC has supported automotive-specific variants since the 90nm node.
Next page: Progress at the 7nm node
A LOW-LIFE ACT: The 185 empty chairs are a memorial to the earthquake victims. About 20 have been replaced due to theft and vandalism.
A Christchurch woman has offered to donate her late husband's wheelchair to a damaged earthquake memorial.
Thieves have stolen, slashed and vandalised the 185 Chairs Memorial to the region's quake victims.
The wheelchair donated by Cave Creek survivor Stephen Hannen to honour those left seriously injured in the quakes has been stolen from the Cashel St-Madras St site.
The latest theft and ongoing damage has sickened many Christchurch people, including Helen Grice, whose quake injuries left her a paraplegic.
Dorothy Vandermeer, 76, rang The Press today to offer help.
She said she had been "disturbed" by the memorial's vandalism.
"It was just horrible that someone would do that. I wanted to help if I could," Vandermeer said.
Artist Peter Majendie said about 20 chairs had been replaced because of theft or vandalism since the installation was first set up in Oxford Tce.
But the theft of the wheelchair, which disappeared three weeks ago, was particularly galling.
He said yesterday he was struggling to find a replacement.
Vandermeer said she wanted to donate her late husband's wheelchair as a replacement.
"I've had it in the garage since he died 12 years ago and it's not being used,'' she said.
''I'd really like it to go towards this cause. It's a decent wheelchair and it would be really nice to help."
Majendie was grateful for Vandermeer's "very kind" donation.
"Out of all the chairs, I thought the wheelchair was pretty special to also represent those who are in wheelchairs as a result of the earthquakes. It would be really nice to replace it," he said.
The white chairs represent the 185 people killed in the February 2011 quake.
Majendie said he had received many texts of support from people expressing their disgust at the vandalism.
PARAPLEGIC QUAKE VICTIM 'SICKENED'
Grice was "sickened" to hear of the recent theft of the wheelchair.
Grice was left paralysed from the bra-line down after she was crushed beneath her chimney in the quake and she believed the white wheelchair had acknowledged the seriously injured who were "lost between those who had died and the survival stories".
"It is hard enough to get up every day and try to live in a world designed for walking, but to have something that represented what we went through just stolen like that, it leaves me with a sadness and a sense of disappointment in human nature."
Grice felt the thieves had "violated an area that had a power and poignancy to it".
"After everything everybody has been through, I thought there would be some sort of common understanding as to what those chairs represent," she said.
Majendie is considering making a permanent - and more resilient - version of the memorial using casts of chairs out of resin aluminium, to sit in a shallow pool of black water.
Robert Gilbert, who lost his son, Jaime Gilbert, in the quake, said the vandalism and thefts were "a shame".
Back in 2012 we released the first version of ec2dns, a set of command line tools that makes it easy to display public hostnames of EC2 instances and ssh into them via their tag name.
EC2 instances have random hostname like ec9-99-99-99-99.compute-1.amazonaws.com. These hostnames are quite hard to remember - that's where our tool comes into play. All you have to do is to assign Name tags to your servers, e.g. appserver-1.
Previous versions of ec2dns provided wrapper commands like ec2ssh and ec2scp .
Example for the ec2ssh wrapper
$ ec2ssh appserver-1
To make interacting with EC2 instances even easier, we're going one step further with todays release of ec2dns 2.0, which finally justifies the dns part in the name ec2dns.
Version 2.0 has a built-in DNS server
The wrapper commands are still included, but with the built-in DNS server of ec2dns 2.0 working with EC2 instances is now even better - all you need to know is the Name tag of the instance and add .ec2 to it. Amongst various bugfixes and optimizations ec2dns 2.0 has also been migrated to aws/aws-sdk-php v2.
Some usage examples
ssh into an instance via its name tag
$ ssh appserver-1.ec2
copy a file from an ec2 instance onto your machine
$ scp ubuntu@appserver-1.ec2:/etc/nginx/nginx.conf .
Installing ec2dns
There are a few prerequisites, but aside from them setting up ec2dns is done with just one command.
$ composer global require "fruux/ec2dns=~2.0.0"
If you want to use the DNS feature, you'll just have to make sure that the ec2dns server is running on your system (we have instructions for OS X) and used to resolve anything with the .ec2 TLD.
ec2dns is on GitHub. Check the README.md file if you want to learn more or have a closer look at the installation and update instructions.
Open source at fruux
fruux is powered by a ton of open source software, but we also release a lot of open source software ourselves. ec2dns is really just a tiny example. With sabre/dav and our other sabre/* projects all of our core technology is open source, too and heavily used not just in our own product, but also powers sync features in great products from companies such as Atmail, Box and ownCloud.
We hope that ec2dns (or any of our other open source projects) will be useful for you. Perhaps we'll even see you as a contributor on GitHub soon. :-)
Nurse delivers own baby in car outside of her hospital
MECHANICSBURG, Pa. (AP) — A Pennsylvania nurse put her expertise to work over the weekend when she went into labor and delivered her own baby in her car outside the hospital where she's employed.
Katie Michael says her water broke during evening rush hour on Oct. 27. The Mechanicsburg couple tells WPMT-TV she knew the baby was going to be born in that car while they were on the way.
She's a nurse at the Harrisburg hospital they were heading toward, and delivered the baby girl outside in her car while her husband George Michael ran inside for help.
Katie Michael says she works in various specialties and units in the hospital, but can now add “Labor and Delivery” to her resume.
The Michael family says baby Ella Katherine is happy and healthy.
___
Information from: WPMT-TV, http://www.fox43.com
Italian magazine L'Espresso leaked Pope Francis' hotly anticipated encyclical on climate change on its website on Monday, breaking an embargo on the document set for Thursday.
The 192-page document is Pope Francis' first major teaching letter on climate change and its effects on the planet's poor. Hailed by some as the “Pope of the poor,” Francis' linkage of environmental and economic issues puts the Vatican out front on a closely watched topic.
A Vatican official told Bloomberg News that the leak was a “heinous act.”
“An Italian text of a draft of the Pope's Encyclical ‘Laudato Si' has been published. Please note that it is not the final text, and that the rules of the Embargo remain in place,” read an official statement from the Vatican. “We ask journalists to respect professional standards, which call for waiting for the official publication of the final text.”
The Most Surprising Photos of Pope Francis Tony Gentile—AP L'Osservatore Romano/AP Timothy A. Clary—AFP/Getty Images David Goldman—Reuters Matt Rourke—AP Osservatore Romano/AFP/Getty Images Osservatore Romano/AP Osservatore Romano/AP Alessandro di Meo—ANSA/Zuma Press Christophe Simon—AFP/Getty Images Alessandra Benedetti—Corbis Alessandra Tarantino—AP Stefano Rellandini—Reuters Ricardo Moraes—Reuters Stefano Rellandini—Reuters Domenico Stinellis—AP Ueslei Marcelino—Reuters Paulo Whitaker— Reuters Ricardo Moraes—Reuters Victor R. Caivano—AP L'Osservatore Romano—EPA L'Osservatore Romano—EPA Fabio Frustaci—Eidon Press/Zuma Press Stefano Rellandini—Reuters Max Rossi—Reuters Francesco Zizola—NOOR for TIME L'Osservatore Romano/AP Alessandra Tarantino—AP Claudio Peri—EPA Evandro Inetti—Zuma Press L'Osservatore Romano—AFP/Getty Images Alessandro Bianchi—Reuters Alessandro Bianchi—Reuters Tony Gentile—Reuters Alessandra Benedetti—Corbis Vincenzo Pinto—AFP/Getty Images Vatican Pool/Contrasto/Redux Alessandra Benedetti—Vatican Pool/Corbis Alberto Pizzoli—AFP/Getty Images Alberto Pizzoli—AFP/Getty Images Michael Sohn—AP 1 of 41 Advertisement
Contact us at editors@time.com.
WASHINGTON, D.C. – Advancing the Democratic Party's new-found McCarthyism over the theme of “Russian Collusion,” Sen. Al Franken authored an op-ed piece in the Guardian last week asking for government censorship over Internet media content giants Google, Facebook and Twitter.
Franken appeared to be an over-reaction to testimony given by legal counsel for Google, Facebook, and Twitter, to the Senate Judiciary Committee on Oct. 31, in which each of the Internet social media content giants reported statistics that showed minimal Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Yet, in the face of this concrete evidence, Franken seems determined to continue beating the New McCarthyism narrative advanced by Hillary Clinton and her Democratic Party supporters to explain away her devastating 2016 loss to Donald Trump.
Franken argued Hillary's loss demanded government censorship over social media on the Internet. He wrote the following:
Last week's hearings demonstrated that these companies may not be up to the challenge that they've created for themselves. In some instances, it seems that they've failed to take commonsense precautions to prevent the spread of propaganda, misinformation, and hate speech.
In advancing his argument for government censorship, Franken asked the following rhetorical questions:
The platforms that big tech has designed may now be so large and unruly that we can't trust the companies to get it right when they do start paying attention. If you have five million advertisers a month using your highly sophisticated, nearly instantaneous ad platform, can you ever really know who all of them are? Can you ever catch all the signals that would seem obvious to a pair of human eyes – for example, political ads that are paid for in rubles?
“Very ominous words”
Franken got immediate push-back from Michael Snyder, a Republican candidate for Congress in Idaho's First Congressional District, who penned a rebuttal in EndOfTheAmericanDream.com.
“These are very ominous words,” Snyder insisted. “So precisely what would constitute ‘propaganda,' ‘misinformation' or ‘hate speech'?”
Snyder pushed back, suggesting Franken's motive really involved a plan by hard-left Democrats to censor the speech of conservatives and libertarians on the Internet, so as to create a wide-open social media field in which even two-time losers like Hillary Clinton might win the presidency in 2020.
Snyder argued that government censorship constituted a serious risk to First Amendment free speech rights. He wrote:
When you start regulating speech, you cross a very dangerous line. There is a reason why our founders guaranteed us freedom of speech in the Bill of Rights, because if we don't have the freedom to say what we want then what do we really have left?
He argued the “government truth police” would lead us down the road to totalitarianism, a conclusion he judged is precisely what Franken wants. Snyder continued:
During the presidential election, there was a lot of talk about Hillary Clinton's health. The mainstream media insisted that she was just fine, and they accused those of us in the alternative media that were questioning her health of engaging in “propaganda” and “misinformation”. Well, it turns out that we now know that Clinton's health was so bad that Donna Brazile was actually considering replacing the nominee, and so it was actually the mainstream media that was putting out “propaganda” and “misinformation.”
Snyder argued that elite leftists like Franken are actually scared of the free exchange of ideas because that gives people far too much control over their own destiny.
“Will everything that we do on the Internet have to be evaluated for ‘truthiness' before it is allowed to be posted?” Snyder asked. “And who decides what the ‘truth' actually is?”
Snyder concluded by asserting that he is a big believer in the marketplace of ideas.
“I have always been convinced that if everyone is allowed to openly share what they believe that the truth will win in the end,” he insisted.
What does the evidence show?
Perhaps Sen. Franken should review the evidence Facebook, Twitter, and Google presented to the Senate Judiciary Committee, as previously reported by Infowars.com.
In their prepared testimony, each of the three social media companies attempted to estimate the extent of Russian interference during the 2016 U.S. presidential election cycle.
Facebook
Facebook reported that the disinformation campaign associated with the Internet Research Agency, IRA, a Russian company located in St. Petersburg, spent approximately $100,000 on more than 3,000 Facebook and Instragram ads between June 2015 and August 2017.
Facebook's analysis also showed that the IRA accounts used ads to promote roughly 120 Facebook Pages they had set up, which in turn posted more than 80,000 pieces of content between January 2015 and August 2017.
Facebook estimated 11.4 million people in the United State saw at least one of these ads between 2015 and 2017.
Twitter
Twitter identified 36,746 accounts that generated automated, election-related content and had at least one of the characteristics we used to associate an account with Russia.
During the relevant period, those accounts generated approximately 1.4 million automated, election-related Tweets, which collectively received approximately 288 million impressions.
Twitter placed those numbers in context as follows:
The 36,746 automated accounts that we identified as Russian-linked and tweeting election-related content represent approximately one one-hundredth of a percent (0.012%) of the total accounts on Twitter at the time.
The 1.4 million election-related Tweets that we identified through our retrospective review as generated by Russian-linked, automated accounts constituted less than three-quarters of a percent (0.74%) of the overall election-related Tweets on Twitter at the time.
Those 1.4 million Tweets received only one-third of a percent (0.33%) of impressions on election-related Tweets. In the aggregate, automated, Russian-linked, election-related Tweets consistently underperformed in terms of impressions relative to their volume on the platform.
Twitter estimated that fewer than 5 percent of all 360 million accounts active during the election period was identified with a foreign nation-state actor.
Google
Google attempted to distinguish itself from the other two websites, arguing that its search engine does not lead to the same viral content activity that distinguishes Facebook and Twitter.
Google reported finding only two accounts during the election cycle that appeared to be engaged in an activity associated with known or suspected government-backed entities. These two accounts spent approximately $4,700 in connection with the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Google also reported finding 18 channels on YouTube with approximately 1,100 videos that were uploaded by individuals who we suspect are associated with this effort and that contained political content.
These videos mostly had low view counts, with just 3 percent having more than 5,000 views, constituting only forty-three hours of YouTube content. While this is a relatively small amount of content in that people watch over a billion hours of YouTube content a day, with 400 hours of content are uploaded every minute.
The level of hostility towards gay people in Russia right now is eye-watering, writes Liz MacKean on the eve of the Sochi Winter Olympics.
Crawling through the morning traffic in St Petersburg, I was greeted with a surprising sight in the car alongside: a young man was staring intently at images of naked women in a magazine propped up on his steering wheel. Had those been images of young men, he'd have been breaking the law.
The propaganda law, passed unanimously last summer, has been widely condemned as isolating Russia‘s gay, lesbian and transgender community. But one often-overlooked feature of it is that it is now illegal to make even “neutral” references to under 18s about “non-traditional” relations. In other words, the only acceptable public comments are bound to be negative.
And the level of hostility towards gay people is eye-watering. In St Petersburg we met Timur Isaev, a married father of one. His group, Parents of Russia, targets gay and lesbian teachers. He offers cash to anyone who gives him information: “This is Russia. This is hell for homosexuals,” he tells us laughingly. “…they should get used to it.”
They organise what they call ‘safaris' – they use social media to entice gay men on dates, luring them to a flat where they are attacked.
You don't have to be gay to be in Timur's sights. One of his targets is Yekaterina Bogatch, whose offence was to join a demonstration against the increasingly violent attacks on Russia's LGBT community. She is now under official investigation and might lose her job.
“There comes a moment when you realise that you can no longer keep quiet,” she told us. “Otherwise you simply start to lose self-respect.”
She is “not a good person,” insists Timur, “she may be a good teacher but she is a bad person.”
Other groups are taking their loathing even further. There are more than 30 branches of “Occupy Paedophilia” across Russia. The sequences filmed by our director Ben Steele with the St Petersburg group are the most harrowing in our programme. Led by a woman, Katya Zigunova, they organise what they call “safaris”. They use social media to entice gay men on dates, luring them to a flat where they are attacked and humiliated.
Punched and taunted
We film as one man realises too late that he's walked into a trap. Thirteen men surround, punch and taunt him. Katya screams orders at the group, at one point telling them not to hit him too hard, at another, threatening the terrified, whimpering man with worse violence.
They film an “interview” in which Katya asks him questions about his sex life. There are no references to children – this is homophobia, pure and simple. The man is forced to dance for the cameras. After almost an hour, he's allowed to leave. But his ordeal is far from finished. He knows the group will post their video online – leaving him open to future violence.
More from Channel 4 News: Rainbow wars - what does a Russian tracksuit mean?
The Russian authorities reject the values of liberal Britain where confetti will soon be thrown at the first gay weddings. Even as President Putin told gay athletes they would be welcome at Sochi, he asked them to leave Russia's children alone. The constant connection between homosexuality and paedophilia is piling the pressure on the country's already largely hidden gay community.
Dima put it best. The 25-year-old had been blinded in one eye after armed men stormed a gay community centre in St Petersburg: “If it's constantly drilled into people that we are … scum and perverts, I understand why these guys shot at me… essentially a hunting season is open and we are the hunted.”
Journalist and presenter Liz MacKean reports for Dispatches, Hunted. Watch the full documentary on 4OD
If you're a government propagandist, the silly season always provides a happy hunting ground. Newsrooms are thinly staffed and there's little beyond the holiday road toll and bushfires to fill the bulletin until the sports report kicks in. This means the bar for ‘news' is set abnormally low. A perfect time, then, to flick the ‘Our-Welfare-Bill-is Out-of-Control' switch.
And so it was that in the cicada-punctuated slumber between Christmas and New Year that Murdoch's Daily Telegraph, the preferred propaganda arm of the Turnbull government in manufacturing kick-down economics, proclaimed that Australians were being “forced” to work nearly three hours a week to pay the nation's “runaway” welfare bill. More than half our taxes, the tabloid hyperventilated, were being “sucked into” social security and health spending.
Naturally, the commercial television breakfast news shows (where perfectly coiffed, overpaid himbos and bimbos multi-skill by smiling, frowning and reading the autocue all at once) did a ritual rip-and-read straight out of the Telegraph, of course echoing the mildly outraged tone of ‘our money wasted on good-for-nothing layabouts'.
Working Aussies are forking out three hours of their weekly wage to fund the nation's welfare bill. ⁰The average taxpayer hands over $83 a week to prop up welfare recipients. pic.twitter.com/PeBRO7u1iO — Sunrise (@sunriseon7) December 28, 2017
Now as a former economics journalist, I'm all for the commercial media giving more time to tough macro policy stories and less time to break-and-enters, car crashes out west and two-headed mongooses, but if they're going to meekly regurgitate this bait-and-switch bullshit, do you think they could perform even a cursory journalistic check first?
Firstly, define your terms. What does it mean to say we are “forking out three hours” of our weekly wage on “welfare”? Is Australia's welfare bill disproportionately bigger or growing faster than those of other industrialised countries? What is included in this definition of welfare? Why is welfare always characterised as automatically wasteful? Why do we not hear about the billions of revenue foregone each year by providing tax breaks to the wealthy?
Australia has a progressive income tax system. That means the average tax rate, or the total amount of tax paid as a percentage of income, increases as each taxpayer's income increases. So taxpayers on up to $18,200 per annum pay no income tax. They're taxed 19 cents for each $1 over $18,200. This increases to 32.5 cents for each $1 over $37,000 and to 37 cents for each $1 over $87,000 and, finally, 45 cents for each $1 over $180,000. (Edit: These numbers do not include the Medicare levy of 2%)
The Terror's story quotes Treasury as “revealing” that of the average taxable income of $58,000 a year, a total of $11,427 is paid to the taxman. Well, yes, that is the tax scale, including the Medicare levy of 2%. This is not news. The story then goes on to say that this means the average income earner is paying $83 a week for welfare, including $35 a week on aged pensions, $20 a week on family payments $17 a week on disability payments and $6.30 a week on the unemployed. Another $42 a week is spent on healthcare and $20 a week on defence. Again, so what? What do people think the tax system is for?
We pay tax to fund essential goods and services – for our defence, for our education system, for healthcare, to support our aged to ensure dignity in retirement, to look after the needs of the disabled and those who for no fault of their own cannot find work. Typically, people always complain about their tax “burden” but neither is the population ever likely to call for the elimination of services. In this case, the economically responsible thing for governments to do is to ensure they raise sufficient tax revenues to meet the services that a civilized democracy demands. That they don't is part of the magic pudding debt-and-deficit problem we've become depressingly accustomed to.
Again, none of this is newsworthy. The bigger questions are around whether Australia's tax take is comparably more than those of other countries and is whether our social welfare bill is disproportionate in global terms. It would have taken a reporter of even modest ability about five minutes to answer those questions.
Australia's overall government tax revenues this fiscal year are around 24% of GDP. We do not have current year comparisons for other industrialised nations, but in 2014 Australia was one of only nine countries in the OECD (the world's club of rich countries) with a revenue to GDP rate of below 30%. The others were Chile, Ireland, Korea, Latvia, Mexico, Switzerland, Turkey and the United States. (These numbers are sourced from the OECD paper ‘Revenue Statistics 2016′).
Neither is our social spending particularly high in global terms. In fact, on most measures, we are significantly below the average. In overall terms, our social spending in 2016 was just over 19% of GDP, below the OECD average of 21%. In fact, we are even below the USA on this measure, which comprises cash benefits for low-income households, the elderly, disabled, sick and unemployed.
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href=”https://data.oecd.org/pinboard/4mNj” target=”_blank”&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;OECD Chart: Pinboard&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
It is true that Australia's social security and welfare portfolio is the single biggest item in overall government outlays at 35%. If you add in health expenditure, our total expenditure in this area is just over 50%. But is this unusual in global terms? No. According to the OECD database, the proportion of government spending on social welfare and health in 2013 ranged from as high as 58.2% in Spain to 29.4% in Korea. Most countries were grouped between 48% and 54%.
The other point here is that within our social welfare budget the single biggest item is the age pension, representing $64 billion this fiscal year or more than a third of the overall social security and welfare expenses. The second biggest and fastest growing component is spending related to the national disability support scheme. Contrary to tabloid hysteria about dole bludgers, spending on the unemployed and sick is budgeted at just over $10 billion this year or about 6% of our overall spending on social welfare. (See Table 9 from 2017/18 Budget below).
Is our spending on unemployment benefits unusually high? Again, no. The chart below compares overall spending on unemployment benefits in OECD countries as a proportion of GDP. At 0.6%, we're below the average.
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href=”https://data.oecd.org/chart/52Cz” target=”_blank”&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;OECD Chart: Public unemployment spending, Total, % of GDP, Annual, 2013&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
So to conclude, Australia is not a particularly highly taxed country, in income terms. Our social welfare budget is average or below-average depending on the component measure. The call on taxpayers to fund our not particularly generous social safety net is not especially onerous.
And, of course, none of this takes into account the significant tax expenditures (exemptions, deductions, credits etc;) that overwhelmingly go to the already wealthy. According to an earlier leak by Treasury (which funnily enough the ‘we're-for-the-battlers' crew at the Telegraph totally ignored) these tax expenditures (including negative gearing, capital gains tax concessions and superannuation ‘incentives') amount to about $150 billion a year or virtually the same size as the total social welfare budget. And keep in mind that about a third of companies pay no tax at all.
One of these people, who worked and paid tax in Australia for 40 years, receives a single age pension of $23,000 per year. The other heads a company which earned $2.9b in Australia in 2016 and paid zero tax. Which one's the welfare bludger? pic.twitter.com/rBnwJnGqKn — Mr Denmore (@MrDenmore) December 30, 2017
Which all tends to beg the question of whose interests are being served with this silly season beat-up. Perhaps this is coming from a government that is attempting to drum up the case for corporate tax cuts in a race to the bottom with the Trump-led USA? More importantly, what does it say about the Fourth Estate in this country that such a transparent scare story (aimed at creating an US versus Them climate to sow division) can so easily be planted in the public domain with no journalist remotely challenging it?
Checking this stuff, not meekly re-running the government's self-serving line and providing context for people are really what journalists are paid to do. The consequences of them not, of just providing manufactured outrage for ratings points, don't really bear thinking about. This worries me. It should worry you too.
Other recommended analysis:
Michael West: ‘Treasury Hides Corporate Welfare
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Email
More
LinkedIn
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
Pinterest
The interview process can be another minefield, as the woman who wrote to me about the library position found. And once people with hidden disabilities start their jobs, they face more risks.
Ms. Johnston-Tyler sees a lot of inadvertent discrimination. She told me about a client with Asperger's who was working for a community college as an accountant and was having a very difficult time interacting with others because of his poor social skills and boundaries. He was lonely and wanted social time with others, and got in trouble for asking too many questions.
She also had a client who lost his job as a line cook because he could not keep up with the food orders being called out. He had a condition called central auditory processing disorder, “which made it virtually impossible for him to interpret the orders when he was not looking at the waiter's face — he was facing the stove,” she said. “We helped him get a job in catering, where he could read the orders needed.”
About half of Ms. Johnston-Tyler's clients are referred by mental health practitioners. People with mental illness have a particularly hard time finding and keeping jobs, in part because of isolated cases of violence that lead to negative — and out of proportion — publicity about mental illness, Ms. Johnston-Tyler says. For this reason, employees rarely disclose a psychiatric disability, either before or after they are hired. This leaves them open to misunderstanding.
Ms. Johnston-Tyler recalled placing a bipolar client in an internship for dog grooming. Her internship was terminated because the client “didn't seem that interested” in the training, Ms. Johnston-Tyler said, “when in fact, it was her mood disorder that made her appear apathetic.”
Hidden disabilities can come into play with veterans. Ms. Bender says: “I hear so many employers say, ‘I would love to hire a veteran with a disability; they will get top priority when I hire new associates.' ”
What they really mean, she says, is, “Send me a veteran with a visible disability,” and yet “many servicemen and women return from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan with traumatic brain injury or post-traumatic stress disorder.” Employers tell her, “I don't know how to accommodate something like PTSD; the veteran may not be able to handle my stressful work environment.” Very few companies, Ms. Bender points out, have a stress level like the one that caused the PTSD.
PlayStation®Camera
Play, challenge and share your epic gaming moments with PlayStation®Camera.
When combined with the DualShock®4 Wireless Controller's light bar, the evolutionary 3D depth-sensing technology in the PlayStation®Camera allows it to precisely track a player's position in the room. The games adapt accordingly to create experiences only PlayStation®4 can offer.
From navigational voice commands to facial recognition, the PlayStation®Camera adds incredible innovation to your gaming.
Add a new dimension to online social interactions with the PlayStation®Camera's integrated video features. Automatically integrate a picture-in-picture video of yourself during gameplay broadcasts, and challenge your friends during play.
Never leave a friend hanging or miss a chance to taunt your opponents with voice chat that keeps the conversation going, whether it's between rounds, between games, or just while kicking back. Not only can games adapt to your presence, the 3D imaging technology can create a depth map of your room and read your body's movements in real space.
In another sign there's a new sheriff in town, President Donald Trump's administration handed over more than 200 first-time border crossers caught in a single area of Arizona for criminal prosecution, according to Customs and Border Protection figures.
{snip}
In the past five years, federal prosecutors brought illegal entry charges against an average of 239 people a year. In the five years before that, an average of 1,356 people a year were charged.
“It's one of those things they do to deter people from coming … It's a crackdown,” said Andrew “Art” Arthur, a fellow in law and policy at the Center for Immigration Studies.
{snip}
“It's just a matter of enforcement under the Trump administration,” said Chris Chmielenski, director of content and activism at NumbersUSA. “They're going to take every single illegal crossing seriously, whether it's the first one or the 10th one.”
Chmielenski said federal prosecutors pursued more first-time offenders toward the end of George W. Bush's administration. He said this led to Obama's “catch-and-release” policy, in which the Obama administration instructed U.S. Border Patrol officers to release people apprehended at the border — sometimes with a notice to appear in immigration court and sometimes not.
Typically, illegal immigrants do not face criminal charges unless they have previously been caught in the United States without permission. At that point, they can be prosecuted for illegal re-entry, a felony punishable by two years in prison.
Chmielenski said even though first-time offenders face only a misdemeanor charge, punishable by up to six months in jail, it still can serve as a deterrent. That is important considering that illegal crossings have been on the rise after hitting a low in April, he said.
But Chmielenski said the federal government does not have the resources to target everyone.
{snip}
The new policy has the support of the union that represents Border Patrol officers.
{snip}
Original Article
Share This
Product information:
Cooler Master MasterKeys S PBT Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Brown Cherry MX Switches
More links for "Cooler Master MasterKeys S PBT Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Brown Cherry MX Switches"
The MasterKeys S is all about wrapping that classic Cooler Master mechanical feel in a sturdy, minimalist tenkeyless design. Steadfast essentials include on-the-fly macros and switchable layouts. To add that extra touch, we use PBT keycaps and Genuine German CHERRY MX switches. These combined create the sturdier weight and tactile spring that define our mechanical experience. For those who desire better quality, functionality, reliability and simplicity in a tenkeyless keyboard, look no further than the MasterKeys S.Features:Cherry MX Switches - Guaranteed for 50 million keystrokes, Cherry MX switches give you the tactile preference you desire.Superior PBT keycaps – Thick 1.5mm Polybutylene hard quality keycapsMultiple OS: Switchable layout for Windows/MAC OSX/Linux Key layoutSwitchable Layout –Switch between QWERTY/DVORAK/Workman Layouts by easy FN key combo'sSleek, minimalistic design - Refined symmetry and a heavy-weight quality build help keep things clean and simple. 6-Key plus N-Key Rollover – Ensures every key press is registered, your keyboard will not let you down.
I came out in the '90s into the colorful Christopher Street culture. I hung out on the Pier on Friday nights with the butch Puerto Rican and Dominican dykes and the roller skating drag queens with their boom boxes expertly balanced on their shoulders, their skirts flying behind them in the summer night's air. There was always plenty of cheap booze and pot and $5 blow jobs to go around, and everyone shared whatever they had generously.
It was impossible not to get caught up in the palpable electricity that set in as the moon came out to dance alongside the voguing boys and us queer youth that took over the streets. Nearly everyone was in search of a cool breeze to break up the density of the concrete jungle's steamy summer, and we were equally zealous about the prospects of hooking up.
It was after AIDS was no longer a sure death sentence, but before Ellen reached national fame as a lesbian. It was before Mayor Giuliani ordered police sweeps of the Piers which turned into the first stages of major gentrification in New York City that would eventually push many of the queers out of Christopher Street and even the West Village.
And it was before the term transgender was widely used or known.
What I did know was that my friends, my lovers, myself included, did not fit into the gender binary. Some of us bound our breasts and tucked our penises and changed our names from the stodgy gendered ones our parents imposed, to a rainbow of expressive proper nouns. Some of us didn't touch a hair on our head, but were routinely perceived as outcasts from the incredibly limited confines of mainstream gender roles.
Our gender expression, regardless of our sexual orientations or gender identities, caused us to be the targets of harassment, discrimination and violence. We were beaten on the streets, arrested and harassed by police and by bullies, strangers and those we knew including family and peers. We were murdered. We were stripped of our dignity, our identity, our humanity.
And as we did not go silently into the night, and instead slowly rose up through the ashes -- as Ellen went from whispered embarrassment and canceled TV show to the number one Emmy-award winning daytime talk show approved by soccer moms everywhere, and proud married lesbian -- the binary gave way, as first in our little queer world, and then into mainstream, to a broader spectrum of gender identities and expressions.
I had friends and lovers who started to come out as trans or gender non-conforming. There were pronoun changes and medical interventions and social adjustments. I watched people I loved with all my heart struggle to break through all the bullshit of our social constructs to be free and fully themselves.
I joined the fight to speak up on behalf of those whose voices are stifled. We are agents in, and witness to, policies and laws coming into being to protect trans people, and so many groundbreaking firsts by brilliant and beautiful people like Laverne Cox and Janet Mock, and parents supporting their trans kids, and lawmakers speaking up on behalf of trans rights.
But as of today, trans women of color are the most targeted victims of hate. They are murdered by men who pass them on the street, by intimate partners in bed and by lovers who traded in love and understanding for ignorance and violence. We've lost eight beautiful souls from our earthly presence just in the first few weeks of 2015 alone. One is too many. Eight is an epidemic.
While the L, G and B in the acronym have by no means achieved equality, it is our friends and family who identify as T that are facing a life-threatening crisis.
I am not just a trans ally. I am a trans activist.
While I am not always read as cisgender and feel suffocated by gendered clothing stores and bathrooms, I recognize that I cannot ever fully understand what it is to be trans.
I respect my trans friends and family because, whether they mean to or not, they are the warriors on the front-lines of this battle. They are helping to rip the lid off the box of limited possibilities. And yet, many trans people are educating, advocating and pushing the conversation into mainstream about gender diversity all while fighting for their own right to live and breathe.
Proposed workshop ideas include ‘Advanced Time-Killing,' ‘Maxing and Relaxing'
The University of Chicago's student government plans to spend $25,000 to teach college students how to “hang out.”
The Uncommon Fund, which is maintained by the student government, allocates money every year “to encourage students to take action on campus in creative and unique ways,” according to its website.
Student Alec Goodwin proposed a “National Symposium on Hanging Out,” which received $25,000 out of the $85,000 allocated this year, according to the The Chicago Maroon.
In a less-than-serious video pitching his idea, Goodwin promises to “gather leading edge [sic] scholars in the field of hanging out” including Chicago rapper Chief Keef “for his work on marijuana and ATV-related activities,” actor James Franco, and “of course” Vice President Joe Biden.
In a Facebook post, Goodwin added the Dalai Lama as a target for his proposed symposium.
Proposed workshop ideas include “Advanced Time-Killing,” “Maxing and Relaxing,”and “Hanging Out Vs. ‘Hanging Out,'” in air quotes. Students will also be encouraged to do their own research in hanging out, according to Goodwin.
Neither Goodwin nor the student government responded to College Fix inquiries.
The Uncommon Fund's staff adviser, Derek Bundy, justified giving a plurality of the fund to Goodwin because his proposal requires “high-profile speakers,” according to the Maroon.
Plus, “relaxation needs to be discussed more” at the high-pressure private school, Bundy said.
Past finalists for Uncommon Fund awards truly fit its name.
Last year's winning ideas included “Identity Week,” designed to help students explore every conceivable identity group with which they could identify.
That idea was pitched by Vincente Perez, previously profiled by The Fix for his apparent role in a racially charged hacking hoax that led to an FBI probe.
Other finalists sought to bring insect-based food to campus and bake the world's largest muffin, while more down-to-earth ideas included building a climbing wall, hosting a conference on business ethics, and designating spaces for musicians to practice and perform on campus.
According to the fund's Facebook page, projects that were funded in 2014 included a “women's gala” ($7,678), “Sexy Men of UChicago Calendar” ($1,950) and the aforementioned muffin ($3,292.50) and Identity Week ($1,475).
The Maroon editorial board has previously criticized the execution of the Uncommon Fund – which is partially funded by student fees – but not for its allocation of funding to impractical ideas.
It said in February the fund lacked transparency in how its committee members evaluated projects, suggesting criteria such as “feasibility, relevance to students, and social impact.”
The board said in 2012 that the fund, then $75,000, shouldn't require applicants to produce a video, and faulted the selection board for not specifying how much weight it would give to student votes.
The year before, when the fund was a paltry $40,000, the editorial board criticized the Uncommon Fund for letting one of its members argue for a proposal that he himself was affiliated with, though he didn't vote on that proposal.
College Fix reporter Matt Lamb is a student at Loyola University-Chicago.
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGE: National Symposium on Hanging Out/YouTube screenshot
Here's an incredible chart that shows how rapidly solar power is being installed in America.
In 2006, just 7 years ago, there was one new installation of a solar unit every 80 minutes.
Today? There's one installation every four minutes.
The U.S. is on pace to see one new solar installation every 83 seconds by 2016, renewable energy research group Greentech Media says.
GreenTechMedia
Perhaps even more amazing: two-thirds of all "distributed," or localized, solar in the U.S. has been installed in the past 2 1/2 years.
Greentech VP Shayle Kann told us that by 2016, New Jersey will have surged to the No. 2 solar producer in the country, leapfrogging Arizona.
Meanwhile, New York will surge from 10th to 5th, thanks to its renewable portfolio standard that dictates 29% of all the state's energy needs must be renewably sourced by 2015.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Facing rape allegations in 2003, Kobe Bryant told police that then-married Shaquille O'Neal paid women up to $1 million to keep them quiet in similar situations.
No wonder the former Lakers teammates feuded.
But how many other countless players took note of Kobe telling on Shaq?
Sam Amick of USA Today:
Years later, after the case against him was dropped and a civil suit was settled out of court with no admission of guilt from Bryant, agents of prominent NBA players would still cite the O'Neal subplot as the sort of sin that inspired their clients to steer clear of Laker Land.
Why free agents avoided Kobe's Lakers has long been a source of intrigue. It's never just one reason for any single player, and we're not talking about a single player – making the rationales vast.
Kobe's loose lips about Shaq probably rubbed some players the wrong way, but that's just part of the total package. Kobe was abrasive with his teammates throughout his career, consumed with winning and treating anyone whom he believed stood in his way with disdain. That attitude – acknowledged by Kobe himself – helped him win five championships, but it also turned off people. Players appreciated Kobe's win-at-all-costs determination from afar. Fewer enjoyed it up close.
Kobe mentioning Shaq to police was his way of trying to beat the charge (which he eventually did), to contextualize himself as within the norm. Shaq's personal life was just collateral damage.
If players saw Kobe name-dropping Shaq as an aberration, they probably would've forgotten the incident much quicker.
Which brings us to D'Angelo Russell, who recorded teammate Nick Young talking about sleeping with other women besides fiancée Iggy Azalea. If Russell spins this as a mistake of immaturity, it will make it easier for him to get past it (and the Lakers to draw free agents). After all, immaturity doesn't necessarily fit the identity Russell will hold in the future.
Russell can also emulate Kobe in one way: win. Everyone wants to be around a winner, which is why Kobe didn't receive worse backlash for bringing up Shaq.
Update: It turns out Netflix is researching peer-to-peer architecture. Here's our new report.
BitTorrent, Inc. CEO Eric Klinker claims that peer-to-peer architecture can "re-architecture the Web for equality," and he urged Netflix to try it out.
The Federal Communications Commission is on track to endorse pay-for-play arrangements in which Web services like video streaming and VoIP could pay ISPs for a faster path to consumers than other services receive.
"This is by its very definition discrimination," Klinker wrote in a blog post yesterday.
But what if the Web worked differently? Klinker writes:
Many smart researchers are already thinking about this problem. Broadly speaking, this re-imagined Internet is often called Content Centric Networking. The closest working example we have to a Content Centric Network today is BitTorrent. What if heavy bandwidth users, say, Netflix, for example, worked more like BitTorrent? If they did, each stream—each piece of content—would have a unique address, and would be streamed peer-to-peer. That means that Netflix traffic would no longer be coming from one or two places that are easy to block. Instead, it would be coming from everywhere, all at once; from addresses that were not easily identified as Netflix addresses—from addresses all across the Internet. To the ISP, they are simply zeroes and ones. All equal.
Comcast was caught interfering with BitTorrent traffic in 2007, leading to an agreement between Comcast and BitTorrent the next year.
"As we know from experience, it's not so easy to block or censor a Content Centric Network," Klinker wrote. "Historically, attacks from ISPs seeking to spoof the BitTorrent protocol have been easily solved with encryption, assuming an ISP wanted to take such steps of manipulating traffic on their network."
"Decentralized technology could reintroduce equality into the post-neutral web; solving what regulation will not," he continued.
Would Netflix change its architecture? Probably not, but the company floated the idea recently when it was arguing that it shouldn't have to pay Comcast for a direct connection to the edge of its network.
"[W]hen we ask [ISPs] if we too would qualify for no-fee interconnect if we changed our service to upload as much data as we download—thus filling their upstream networks and nearly doubling our total traffic—there is an uncomfortable silence," Netflix CEO Reed Hastings wrote last month. "That's because the ISP argument isn't sensible. Big ISPs aren't paying money to services like online backup that generate more upstream than downstream traffic. Data direction, in other words, has nothing to do with costs."
Talking Bitcoin with Jeff Garzik
Jeff Garzik makes up for a substantial portion of the Bitcoin development team. Self-described as a Husband, father, Linux kernel, cloud computing, Bitcoin, armchair foreign policy nerd & kinda sorta libertarian.
Jeff Garzik is an American Red Hat engineer and Bitcoin developer. He studied at the Georgia Institute of Technology and currently is employed by Red Hat as a kernel developer. He is also the founder of BitcoinWatch, a website for statistics in Bitcoin. Garzik wrote the original push-pool daemon used by all of the pooled miners today. He's also the original author of ethtool. As an advocate of Austrian economics, Garzik argues that the deflationary aspect of Bitcoin makes it a superior currency and that the decentralized nature means it's a fairer means of commerce.
Bitcoins technical side has been covered in great volume, so I requested a few opinions from Jeff Garzik during our discussion below.
Chinwag with Jeff Garzik
Question: What is the most non-technical way to explain Bitcoin?
Answer: A global Internet currency with no central bank or controlling authority.
Question: When is Bitcoin-qt likely to come out of Beta?
Answer: When “lightweight client” mode is fully functional and tested.
Perhaps a year or two.
Question: Do you see Bitcoin as the end product or are there forked technologies that may take over as the anonymous currency of choice?
Answer: Bitcoin is just the beginning of a brand-new category of algorithms. Bitcoin itself may fail, but it is the first of a new category of “crypto-currencies” based on the proof-of-work algorithm method.
Question: How is the Bitcoin development team funded?
Answer: Gavin Andresen is very recently employed full time by the BitcoinFoundation. All other developers are unpaid volunteers.
Question: What is your Vision on the future of money?
Answer: Bitcoin, the Euro, the US Dollar, China's RMB will all exist on an even playing field. You may choose which type of currency you hold in your wallet, and transact with.
Question: Any thoughts on Bitcoin in India?
Answer: Would be great! Among other things, Bitcoin is great for low-fee remittances from relatives overseas to those at home.
2013 was expected to be a big year for Bitcoin in India, with small Exchanges emerging and IndiaBitcoin coming up fast as a one-stop-shop for Bitcoin in India. As Jeff's last answer had suggested, remittance is a huge opportunity for Bitcoin in India and there is an initiative being planned for a service rollout this year as well.
Remittances is a growing market in India. Currently dominated by banks or Hawala operators (Interpol Hawala Document), Bitcoin can instantly change this market bringing about a tremendous positive change to the way remittances can occur. Thanks to the global ledger capabilities in the blockchain. This change can even be driven and adopted by the remittance companies and banks currently operating in India.
As a progressive regulator of this 1.2B population economy, the RBI have recently increased their cap for remittances from US $25,000 to US $200, 000 under the Liberalised Remittance Scheme of USD 200, 000 this was upgraded from the original document that can be found here.
Feel free to Donate @ 1NvQuPB4L2hkJtY6NiNw9fLT1HQMYLfC4b
Advertisements
Dave and Nicole have been making comics for the past year. They've been constantly on tour, selling their comics at conventions, zinefests, and art walks. This Kickstarter is to raise the funds to print their latest book Teenage Switchblade.
Teenage Switchblade Cover
Teenage Switchblade follows Lincoln, Katie, and Megan as they try to keep their band Teenage Switchblade from falling apart. The book is like Almost Famous (but without the fame stuff) meets Empire Records.
Example of interior page #1
This book is the pseudo sequel to Fuck Off Squad, Dave and Nicole's previous comic. Similar to how Ed Brubaker and Sean Phillips' Criminal functions. There are shared characters and shared events that happen in both books, but they stand alone and can be read individually as separate experiences.
Interior page example #2
Interior page example #3
Interior page example #4
The format of the Fuck Off Squad and Teenage Switchblade is slightly unconventional, as well. The main story is drawn by Nicole Goux and written by Dave Baker and then there are multiple four pages back up comics and essays.
In Teenage Switchblade the back up comics are :
1) Tom Jonez With A Z
Illustrated by JGV, Tom Jonez With A Z is a humorous story about two pothead slackers who waste time by day-dreaming about starting a band one day. Will they succeed? Will they fail? How much weed will they smoke? Pick up the book and find out.
2) Salad Daze
Illustrated by Ellen Bae, Salad Daze details the exploits of an all-girl punk band as they wait for someone to let them into their rehearsal space. It's high octane thrills as the girls debate which is a more attractive attribute for a dude to have elbows or forearms.
3) Mansion on a Hillside
Illustrated by Melody David-Baker, Mansion on a Hillside tells the story of a down on her luck folk singer who has a powerful interaction with a sullen patron at a local coffee shop.
The essays in Teenage Switchblade include Dave rambling about Star Trek: Deep Space Nine and how his mother helped him become a creative individual.
STRETCH GOALS
$1,000 - Every backer who bought a book will receive Fuck Off Squad Stickers designed by Nicole Goux.
$2,000 - Every backer who bought a book will receive a Fuck Off Squad button designed by Nicole Goux.
$3,000 - Every backer who bought a book will receive a Fuck Off Squad patch designed by Nicole Goux.
$5,000 - Every backer who bought a book will receive a Fuck Off Squad enamel pin designed by Nicole Goux!
$7,000 - Locked
$10,000 - Locked
Thanks to http://kickingitforward.org for all their help!
The idea of competition in health care can provoke strong reactions from commentators, with some for and others against. Proponents of competition generally fall into one of two camps: those who believe in the innate value of market-based resource allocation (i.e., a decentralised approach to production and consumption decisions, with prices providing the main signals for such decisions) and those who favour the market more for its potential to correct the failures of government regulation. Both camps typically expect competition to do the following things: strengthen patient choice, stimulate innovation, improve quality, enhance efficiency and control costs — in short, to give people what they want in the least costly way possible. Opponents of competition, in contrast, typically fear it will lead to undesirable outcomes such as a reduction in quality, access to health care based on ability to pay rather than medical need and, as a result, inequity and inefficiency in the distribution of health services.
Given these differing views, the European Commission asked its Expert Panel on Effective Ways of Investing in Health to consider if and how competition among health care providers might benefit health systems in the European Union. This article summarises the main findings and conclusions of the panel's final report [8].1
Share. From iMac to Rift and Touch controllers. From iMac to Rift and Touch controllers.
Michael Hillman is the new head of hardware for Oculus VR.
Bloomberg reports that Facebook — which owns Oculus VR — has hired Hillman, who's spent his past 15 years at Apple. He previously worked on the iMac desktop computer at the Cupertino company and held senior positions in engineering and design.
Exit Theatre Mode
Hillman's new role will see him pushing for Oculus Rift to hit the mainstream.
The adoption rate could pick up for Oculus Rift with the recent price cut. The headset and controllers are now bundled together for $598, which is $200 less than before.
For more, be sure to check out IGN's reviews of the Oculus Rift and Touch controllers.
Exit Theatre Mode
Evan Campbell is a freelance writer who scripts the Daily Fix, streams games on his Twitch channel, and chats about movies and TV series on Twitter.
AS BATTLEGROUND states go, Virginia appears to be relatively unworrying for Hillary Clinton. Even before the Democratic presidential nominee selected the state's junior United States senator, Tim Kaine, as her vice-presidential running mate—a move that pundits believe slightly strengthens her hand here—Virginia appeared to be locking down for the Democratic ticket. So confident is Mrs Clinton that its 13 electoral votes are hers that she didn't advertise on Virginia television in September and isn't planning to do so in October.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Donald Trump has consistently trailed Mrs. Clinton in statewide polling—sometimes by double-digits. A new poll published by the Wason Center for Public Policy at Christoper Newport University on October 3rd put her seven points above Donald Trump; a poll by the centre published on September 26th, the day of the first presidential debate, showed her leading by six points.
On September 24th, Mr Trump visited the state for a rally in Roanoke, a small, heavily Democratic city in the Blue Ridge Mountains. It was a perch from which he could reach out to rural voters, with whom he is popular, not just in Virginia but in four surrounding states: West Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee and Kentucky. All have seen traditional industries, such as coal, textiles, tobacco and furniture, disappear, creating a vast audience in the countryside for Mr Trump's protectionist views.
But it is where Virginia's vote is most abundant—the eastern suburbs and cities linked by two heavily travelled interstate highways—that makes the state promising for Mrs Clinton in November.
Virginia's Democratic reflex is most active in presidential years, when higher turnout—often north of 70%— produces a more moderate electorate. Plus, the vast trove of votes in the bustling crescent that spans from outside Washington, DC, to the Atlantic seacoast on Virginia's southeastern edge can generate an insurmountable advantage for Democrats. Both helped Barack Obama end the long Republican presidential winning streak in Virginia in 2008 and in 2012. Republicans carried the state from 1968 until 2004, and did so by investing little time and money.
Another factor benefits Mrs Clinton: Virginia's growing diversity. Once an insular, provincial state where residents were, for the most part, either white or black, Virginia—with nearly 8.5 million inhabitants, more than half of whom were born elsewhere—is now multihued, reflecting the nation. It has large numbers of Asians and Hispanics. The former makeup 5.5% of the population; the latter, nearly 8%; two decades ago there were almost none.
Mr Trump's anti-immigrant rhetoric has pushed many of them towards Mrs Clinton. His attack on Khizr Khan, a Pakistan-born lawyer and Muslim who lives in Charlottesville, no doubt helped her further. Mr Khan made an electrifying speech to the Democratic National Convention in which he recalled the death in Iraq of his son, an army officer educated at the University of Virginia.
In addition to changing demographics, Mrs Clinton gets a lift from Virginia's Democratic hierarchy, led by a longtime member of her privy council, Terry McAuliffe. A Clinton victory in Virginia is a matter of personal—and political—honour for Mr McAuliffe, a former chairman of the Democratic National Committee who helped the candidate and her husband Bill Clinton, purchase the multimillion-dollar suburban New York house to which they moved after Mr Clinton left office in 2001.
Since he became governor in 2014, Mr McAuliffe has accomplished little in the policy realm, largely because of a recalcitrant Republican-dominated legislature. He could point to a Clinton win as a measure of his pulling power, though Republicans have sought to blunt it, too. This summer, they successfully blocked in state court Mr McAuliffe's blanket order restoring voting rights to 206,000 felons—a scheme Republicans claimed was intended to flood the ballot box for Mrs. Clinton.
The polls suggest that she won't need those votes—and perhaps needn't bother to visit, either. Mrs Clinton hasn't appeared in the state since June, relying on, instead, on high-profile surrogates such as Mr Obama and his wife, Michelle. Both will have made campaign stops in Northern Virginia, across the Potomac River from Washington, DC, before November.
In a sure sign of enduring Democratic confidence, not even Mr Kaine is seen that often in his home state.
Since his nomination two months ago, he has appeared at only three rallies in Virginia. One was in Richmond, where Mr Kaine lives on a leafy street named Confederate Avenue (Appropriately, the house is in on the south side of the street). The other appearances were in defence-rich Norfolk and Northern Virginia, where, on September 28th, on behalf of Mrs Clinton, Mr Kaine accepted the endorsement of the state's last Republican senator, John Warner, a moderate who has often broken with his party.
Mr Kaine will be back for a different piece of political business this week—one in which he will hope for a home-court advantage. On October 4th, he and his Republican opponent, Mike Pence, meet for their only debate. The venue is Longwood University, a small taxpayer-supported school in Farmville, a tiny Democratic burg surrounded by the vast Republican countryside.
HER NAME IS NOVA!
(short for Supernova, but Star only calls her by her full name when she's mad, ‘cause Nova messed up something lol)
A beautiful name suggested by lantern-soldier. (thanks again :D )
It's especially fitting because, well, she IS the child of a Mewman and a monster, which is kind of a big thing. Star's family obviously hates everything about the fact that she exists, so Supernova, as the explosion of a star seems like a fitting name, considdering that you could see that as a bad thing, like, it's literally the death of a star, as if Nova was the reason for Star to become a shame to her family, and for her to practically be seen as “dead” by them, as in, they don't wanna think about what happened anymore, don't want to think about her anymore (wow I just made this sad). But in the moment a star explodes there is also an extremely bright light, like, Nova is something special. She is that one brightest and biggest moment in the history of all Mewni. She could be the beginnign of a new era, maybe, if she'd be queen someday, she will let Mewmans and monsters join together :)
so that's her name then, Nova
10:18pm: Heyman reports that Kimbrel's name has “at least surfaced” in talks with the Yankees, but New York's reluctance to part with any of Aaron Judge, Luis Severino, Greg Bird and Jorge Mateo would need to change before anything could ever come to fruition. As Heyman notes, the Yankees are checking on nearly all available pitchers, so it's tough to gauge how much significance to place on the fact that his name has been kicked around.
9:41pm: The Nationals are the team that is “hottest” after Kimbrel, Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports tweets.
9:43am: The Nationals, Blue Jays and Astros are among the teams to have shown interest in Padres closer Craig Kimbrel, reports Jon Heyman of CBS Sports. The Astros, though, are concerned with the financial commitment that comes along with Kimbrel in the future, he adds.
While many would think the same should hold true of the Blue Jays, it should be pointed out that Toronto can potentially see Mark Buehrle, R.A. Dickey, Dioner Navarro, Marco Estrada and Maicer Izturis depart as free agents this offseason. Additionally, they'll finally be freed from the burden of the ill-fated Ricky Romero contract this winter. That means more than $50MM will come off their books.
Of course, some of those departures will be offset by a significant increase to Russell Martin's salary on his backloaded contract ($7MM in 2015, $15MM in 2016) and arbitration raises to players such as Josh Donaldson, Drew Hutchison and Justin Smoak, among others. (Donaldson's raise, in particular, will be substantial.) Kimbrel's remaining $3.49MM salary in 2015 would fit into the Blue Jays' reported $5-8MM in-season spending limitations, though such a move would also limit GM Alex Anthopoulos' ability to address the rotation, which is reportedly his focus.
The inclusion of the Nationals is a bit peculiar at first glance, given Drew Storen's excellent 2015 season, but the team has had some bullpen issues beyond Storen. And, as the Royals made abundantly clear in 2014, a deep bullpen is a notable advantage in the postseason. Over the weekend, ESPN's Jayson Stark speculated this weekend that the Nats could make a play for Kimbrel.
As for the Astros, GM Jeff Luhnow has stated that he'd like to add a flamethrower to his bullpen if an upgrade is made, and Kimbrel's average fastball velocity is 97.4 mph, so he'd certainly fit that description. His four-year contract's guaranteed salaries escalate in 2016-17, however. Kimbrel is earning $9MM this year, but that jumps to $11MM in 2016 and $13MM in 2017. He's also guaranteed at least $1MM via the buyout of his $13MM club option for the 2018 season.
Kimbrel got off to a rough start to his Padres tenure, surrendering 10 earned runs (partially on the strength of three homers) through his first 15 2/3 innings. Since May 19, though, he hasn't allowed a single homer, and he's reeled off a 0.76 ERA with a 32-to-10 K/BB ratio in 23 2/3 innings. Recent reports have indicated that the Padres are “pushing” to move some of their big-name, expensive assets.
After being cut off by its nameserver provider EveryDNS, Wikileaks has moved to a domain registered by Pirate Party Switzerland. EveryDNS was forced to stop its services to Wikileaks after continued DDoS attacks, creating yet another setback for the whistleblower site that has dominated the news this week.
The release of thousands of US embassy cables and the many more that are expected to come has propelled the whistleblower site Wikileaks to the front page of every respectable news outlet this week. But for the site itself it hasn't been a smooth ride thus far.
After it suffered a continued DDoS attack on its servers earlier this week the site relocated to Amazon's cloud hosting service, but just a day or two later it was pulled following complaints from the US government. Today, the hosting troubles continued and Wikileaks was forced to abandon its .org domain.
Due to prolonged DDoS attacks on the Wikileaks domain, nameserver provider EveryDNS decided to pull the plug on the site this morning. “These attacks have, and future attacks would, threaten the stability of the EveryDNS.net infrastructure, which enables access to almost 500,000 other websites,” EveryDNS said.
According to a statement from the company, Wikileaks was properly notified about this issue a day in advance.
“Last night, at approximately 10PM EST, December 1, 2010 a 24 hour termination notification email was sent to the email address associated with the wikileaks.org account. In addition to this email, notices were sent to Wikileaks via Twitter and the chat function available through the wikileaks.org website. Any downtime of the wikileaks.org website has resulted from its failure to use another hosted DNS service provider,” a statement on the EveryDNS website explains.
After being cut off, Wikileaks decided to move from the .org to a .ch domain, which was registered by the Pirate Party Switzerland in June this year. An interesting move, but certainly not the most ideal solution.
Wikileaks' tweet
The Swiss Pirate Party confirmed that they are now indeed the registrants of the new ‘official' Wikileaks domain, which had been forwarding to the Wikileaks servers for a few months already. What is problematic, however, is that after being cut off by EveryDNS, Wikileaks has moved its operation to a .ch domain that uses the nameservers of the very same company.
This is not the first time a Pirate Party has helped out Wikileaks. Earlier this year the Swedish Pirates announced a hosting deal with the whistleblower site, to protect the freedom of the press.
“We welcome the help provided by the Pirate Party,” Wikileaks spokesman Julian Assange said at the time. “Our organisations share many values and I am looking forward to future ways we can help each other improve the world.”
For now Wikileaks.ch is up and running but it's unclear how long it will stay up. The domain Wikileaks.org has not been seized so it is expected that the site will return there once it finds a new nameserver provider.
Update: The German Pirate Party is actively supporting Wikileaks as well.
There is no question that the smart thing for Thunder free-agent-to-be Kevin Durant would be to remain in Oklahoma City and accept a two-year contract with a player option on the second year. He would maximize his payday in that scenario, moving the starting value of his max contract from 30 percent of the salary cap to 35 percent (10-year veterans get the extra five percent) and taking advantage of what will be an even richer free-agency scene, as the salary cap could rise from more than $90 million this summer to around $110 million next summer.
MORE: Classic photos of Kevin Durant | NBA Finals schedule
Durant's deal could start at $38.5 million that way, rather than $27 million. He would have the added benefit of playing for another year under Billy Donovan in Oklahoma City, exploring whether the team's playoff run this year can be built upon next year. And he'd be a free agent in 2017, alongside teammate Russell Westbrook.
Makes sense. But sources around the league say Durant's choice is not that simple.
“He is not the kind of guy who wants to fiddle around in free agency and sort of play the system that way,” said one source who has worked with Durant. “That is not his personality. He likes stability and it is kind of a gamble to be taking a short contract and then trying to come back and do it all over again in a year. That's the other thing. He is not someone who wants to go through this twice, I really don't think. It's no sure thing.”
MORE: Photos from Eastern and Western Conference finals
That's a common theme around the league, the notion that Durant wants to make a decision now, ensure his security and not have to worry about being a free agent again until he is in his 30s. During the Thunder's end-of-season media session, Durant told reporters he has no interest in a high-profile free agency tour: “That's not who I am. I'm not that type of person.”
It's worth remembering, too, that at this time last year, there was speculation around several players, suggesting they would take one-year deals before cashing in on the influx of television money that is driving up the salary cap this summer. LaMarcus Aldridge was one, and it was estimated that he would have made about $60 million more had he stayed with Portland and waited a year before signing. Instead, Aldridge took San Antonio's four-year, $80 million offer.
MORE: 3 differences between NBA Finals, this year and last
Cleveland's Kevin Love was in a similar situation, and even had cause — like Durant — to play one year and keep his options open after a tumultuous first season with the Cavaliers. If he was to be a free agent this summer, Love probably would get a five-year, $154 million contract, instead of the $110 million deal he signed last year. But Love determined he wanted to stay with the Cavs after last year's Finals, and rather than tinkering with a one-year deal and the extra money it could have brought, he signed Cleveland's max offer.
The injury risk on a one-year contract is obviously a tough obstacle for players considering the deals. Even though he had a foot problem that caused him to miss 55 games in 2014-15, the chances of Durant suffering a serious injury are slim. But the chance is there, and that makes it very difficult to pass on a max contract now while looking ahead to 2017, especially if Durant determines he has a chance at a title by taking an offer from a team like Golden State or San Antonio.
MORE: Kevin Durant 'not that type of person' | Kevin Durant is the victim
The one-year contract does make the most sense for Durant, both in terms of figuring out where the Thunder are heading and getting the most bang out of his next big deal. In the end, he might well decide that it is in his best interests. But it's important to remember that there is risk attached to that approach, and it doesn't quite mesh with Durant's low-key personality.
One of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's closest friends is benefiting from an exclusive agreement between his data analytics company and the Liberal Party of Canada.
Data Sciences Inc, run by Trudeau's boyhood friend, Tom Pitfield, is providing the party with “digital engagement” and support services for its powerful voter-contact database, Liberalist.
Neither the party nor Pitfield would say how much the agreement is worth to the firm, which Pitfield set up after his friend was elected party leader.
Pitfield's wife, Anna Gainey, is the president of the Liberal Party and also a close friend of Trudeau and his wife, Sophie Gregoire. The two families vacationed together at the Aga Khan's resort in the Bahamas over the Christmas holidays.
A spokesman for the Liberal Party of Canada says Gainey does not get involved in decisions involving her husband's company.
“Our Party President has, and continues to, recuse herself from all decisions pertaining to Data Sciences,” Braeden Caley wrote in an email.
Two current Data Sciences Inc. employees are on the Liberal Party's board of directors: Sébastien Fassier is the Liberal's national vice president (French) and works as Data Sciences vice president of corporate services.
Mira Ahmad, sister of the prime minister's press secretary Cameron Ahmad, sits on the board as president of the Young Liberals of Canada and works as Pitfield's executive assistant at Data Sciences, according to a profile of her in Power & Influence magazine.
“The volunteers who serve on the National Board, and Party staff, take all appropriate steps to eliminate any conflict of interest,” Caley said.
Pitfield denied that his party connections were a factor in his work with the Liberals.
“Data Sciences is a world leader in our field and our services are in high demand by organizations here in Canada and abroad -- that is why the Liberal party hired us,” he wrote in an email.
Pitfield is also president of not-for-profit think tank Canada 2020, which regularly hosts policy conferences featuring cabinet ministers. The organization has received federal government funding in the past and raised concerns among Opposition parties about its close relationship with the Liberal leadership.
Canada 2020 threw a lavish party for Trudeau and his delegation in Washington, D.C. last spring, the night before he attended a state dinner at the White House.
CTV News has learned that the agreement with the party also sees Data Sciences Inc. providing technical support for Liberalist to provincial Liberal parties, as well as federal campaigns and riding associations.
Manitoba Liberal Party candidates were provided with access to the Liberalist software in the provincial election last year and told to contact Pitfield's company for any support issues.
Caley wouldn't say exactly what Data Sciences does for the party, other than provide “a variety of services pertaining to innovative digital engagement, helping the party reach as many Canadians as possible online and in communities from coast to coast.”
Liberalist is a modified version of NGP VAN's VoteBuilder software developed by Democrats in the U.S. and is widely credited with helping Barack Obama win the presidency in 2008.
The Democrats' success with micro-targeting voters spawned numerous small analytics companies specializing in leveraging “Big Data” for U.S. political campaigns.
The Liberal party licensed NGP VAN's software in 2011 and repackaged a modified version as Liberalist -- long before Pitfield began working as a chief digital strategist for Trudeau's 2014 leadership campaign. Elections Canada records show Pitfield was paid $28,750 by the Trudeau campaign, including expenses. He also worked on the 2015 general election campaign.
The value of the Data Sciences agreement with the Liberals is unknown, as federal political parties are not obligated to reveal how they spend money they raise from donors, even though donations to them are heavily subsidized with federal tax credits.
Over the past year, the company has hired several staff members who had recently worked for the Liberals.
In November, the Liberal's director of data analytics, Sean Wiltshire, was named vice president at Data Sciences, and in March 2016, the party's manager of campaign technologies support, Nadya Wilkinson, was hired by Data Sciences as a director of operations.
The party has an obligation to its donors to ensure its money is spent properly, says Prof. Arthur Schafer, founding director of the Centre for Professional and Applied Ethics at the University of Manitoba.
“The story, as it's developing, truly smacks of cronyism,” Schafer told CTV.
“One could almost be part of a medieval court, where the king and his courtiers are scratching each other's backs. I don't think it passes the smell test."
The agreement is not the first time the Liberals have done business with Pitfield. During the 2015 election, the party rented office for a volunteer hub in a downtown Ottawa building now occupied by Canada 2020. The party paid more than $13,000 to use the space, at market rates, according to a Canadian Press report.
Data Sciences Inc. maintains a makeshift office in the same building on O'Connor Street, above a deli restaurant. The building is also home to the Bluesky Strategy Group, a lobbying firm whose principals -- Tim Barber and Susan Smith -- founded Canada 2020 along with Pitfield.
As lots of you already know, lately I've been all about two amazing DIY skincare items whipped up for my by my friend Chel at Holy Snails. Her Vita-Sea-Rum vitamin C serum and Shark Sauce sea kelp and niacinamide ampoule have been the superstars of my skincare routine ever since I got them, and using them has helped me clarify a lot of dissatisfaction I have with commercial cosmetics products.
Vita-Sea-Rum
Vita-Sea-Rum is a pH 2.5, 15% L-ascorbic acid vitamin C serum with bonus vitamin E and ferulic acid.
Ingredients: Sea kelp bioferment (20%), l-ascorbic acid (15%), propylene glycol (7%), licorice root extract (5%), 1% hyaluronic acid stock (0.0005% hyaluronic acid actual), sodium lactate (5%), polysorbate 80 (5%), castor oil (4%), tocopherol (1%), optiphen (1% – phenoxyethanol and caprylyl glycol), allantoin stock (1% – 0.0031% allantoin actual), ferulic acid (0.5%), citric acid, xanthan gum
Would you look at those ingredients. Why base it in water when sea kelp bioferment comes with extra moisturizing and antioxidant properties? Why do vitamin C without making it optimally stable and optimally effective through ferulic acid and vitamin E? Why not add licorice root extract for additional brightening and anti-inflammatory power? Why not? And every ingredient in it has a purpose, whether as an active, a humectant and thickener, a solvent, a pH adjuster, or a preservative. Skinceuticals has a patent on the C+E+ferulic combo at a pH of between 2.5 and 3, meaning that no other commercial cosmetics company can offer that specific trio of actives at that specific pH, but that doesn't mean a motivated DIYer can't make the same thing at home, and customize it to make it even better.
My skin has taken some serious leaps and bounds forward since I introduced this serum into my routine. In conjunction with the Shark Sauce discussed below, the Vita-Sea-Rum is making quick work of the rest of my old sunspots, and my skin has been looking significantly firmer, especially in my problem spots around my mouth. This is ridiculously powerful stuff. And when all is said and done, apparently it costs pennies to make a bottle of it.
Want to learn more about how it's made? Check out the three-part tutorial:
Shark Sauce
And now for the coveted Shark Sauce!
The idea for this ampoule sprang out of a late-night conversation with Chel. I lamented that all I want is something with lots of seaweed, and lots of niacinamides, and maybe some licorices root extract and sea buckthorn extract, and why is it so hard for cosmetics companies to just make crazy good products?
Chel offered to whip me up something. This is what resulted.
Ingredients: Sea kelp bioferment (25%), seamollient (13.75%), aloe vera juice (9%), polysorbate 80 (9%), niacinamide (5%), green tea extract (5%), licorice root extract (5%), sodium lactate (5%), borage seed oil (5%), 1% hyaluronic acid (0.0005% hyaluronic acid actual), ceramide complex (3% – Ceramide 3, Ceramide 6 II, Ceramide 1, phytosphingosine, cholesterol, sodium lauroyl lactylate, carbomer, xanthan gum), sea buckthorn oil (3%), N-acetyl glucosamine (2.5%), panthenol (2.5%), tocopherol (1%), optiphen (1% – phenoxyethanol and caprylyl glycol)
LOOK. JUST LOOK AT IT.
Known, proven ingredients at known, proven percentages and in known, proven ratios where necessary (the ceramide complex, for example, includes ceramides and fatty acids at exactly the right proportions to repair the skin barrier). No filler. No unnecessary ingredients put in there for fragrance or fanciness or claims.
You know that sea kelp bioferment? That's the “secret ingredient” of Creme de la Mer, which is in many other respects no more special than blue tin Nivea from the drugstore.
Again, Chel says making a bottle of these costs pennies. It's an easy process (according to her) and it doesn't take a fancy lab, manufacturing facilities, ultra-specialized equipment, or a degree in chemistry.
Since I started using this, my skin has been INCREDIBLE. I wake up in the morning and it's just luminous. My dark spots are bailing faster than rats off a sinking ship. My skin tone is more even. Even the persistent redness around my nose and mouth (which I blame on upper lip waxing) has subsided. This is all in less than two weeks!
Bowing to popular demand, Chel's posted tutorials for Shark Sauce.
So here's my challenge to cosmetics companies: Why can't you produce something even remotely close to this? With the right percentages of ingredients like niacinamide and a base that's not just water, but contributes even more skin benefits to the formulation as a whole? Why is it that 90% of products I look at are just globs of water, glycerin, mineral oil, and fragrance, with the really good stuff present in presumably miniscule amounts? If one all-too-modest DIYer can whip this up in an afternoon, why not a big cosmetics brand with all its resources and economies of scale? Shark Sauce is where skincare products should be.
It can be argued, of course, that the vast majority of cosmetics consumers simply aren't ingredient-savvy enough to care. It's true that plenty of people are still getting bilked by all kinds of overpriced snake oil (AHEM CREME DE LA MER AHEM). But I think it's clear that blogs are becoming a first-line resource for consumers making purchasing decisions, and blogs like mine, Skin and Tonics, Holy Snails, Snow White and the Asian Pear, Musical Houses, The Beauty Brains, and so many others are (I hope) making a difference in how people evaluate skincare products.
You guys know I love my commercial skincare products. I continue discovering awesome things with every haul. Shout-out to Tosowoong, whose lines I'm slowly and happily working my way through. But I've yet to encounter a single commercial skincare product that can compare to Chel's DIY potions. A lot of companies talk a big game about their products, but in the absence of published percentages, ingredients lists can be misleading. Results never lie, and I've been shocked at the rapid results I'm getting.
Can you think of any commercial skincare products with ingredients and results comparable to Vita-Sea-Rum or Shark Sauce? Tell me all about them, because I'd love to know what I've missed! And be sure to enter Chel's giveaway. That Shark Sauce is magic.
China's central bank has established a fintech committee to study the impact of financial technology on monetary policy, financial markets, stability, payment and clearing mechanisms. The People's Bank of China (PBoC) made the announcement on its website on Monday.
The PBoC statement says fintech has "injected new vitality", but also "brought new challenges" for financial security and the banking sector as a whole.
According to the central bank the purpose of the new fintech committee is to, "organize in-depth research into the influence of fintech development on areas including monetary policy, financial markets, stability and payment clearance".
The new body will also seek to "strengthen the actual implementation of regulatory technology (RegTech)", suggesting that the application of big data, artificial intelligence (AI), cloud computing and other such technologies will come under enhanced scrutiny in future years.
The PBoC added that it hoped to "work hand in hand" with businesses, academia and researchers to "jointly push forward the healthy, orderly development of fintech" in China.
Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook.
Moreover, since 2010, per-person spending on insulin in the United States was more than spending on all other diabetes drugs, the study found.
"The cost of insulin has risen rapidly over the last few years," said study senior author Philip Clarke, a professor of health economics at the University of Melbourne in Australia. Clarke added there should be an assessment to see whether this price hike is justifiable in terms of improved clinical outcomes.
One reason for the price climb, he said, is a switch from human insulins to analog insulins, which cost more but may offer additional benefits. Also, doctors are more apt to prescribe insulin for people with type 2 diabetes now, Clarke added.
Findings from the new study are published as a letter in the April 5 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Insulin is a naturally occurring hormone that's necessary for the body to use the sugars found in foods as fuel. People with type 1 diabetes don't make enough insulin to survive and must inject insulin to stay alive, according to the American Diabetes Association (ADA).
In type 2 diabetes -- the more common form of the disease -- the body's cells become increasingly resistant to insulin. These people may also need to take insulin injections, the ADA says.
For the study, Clarke and his colleagues teamed up with researchers from the University of Michigan. The investigators gathered information on nearly 28,000 people treated for diabetes, looking to see what patients and their insurance companies paid for insulin and other diabetes medications from 2002 to 2013.
Other medications included metformin, sulfonylureas, glitazones, DPP-4 inhibitors, amylin analogs, and GLP-1 receptor agonists, the study authors said.
During the time period studied, insulin's cost rose from $231 a year per patient to $736. The average amount of insulin used also went up -- from 171 milliliters (mL) to 206 mL, the researchers said.
Additionally, the researchers found the per-milliliter cost jumped from $4.34 to $12.92 during the study period.
RELATED Surgery more effective than drugs for hyperparathyroidism
In 2013, someone on an analog insulin could expect to pay about $508 for a year's worth of insulin. The annual cost of all the other diabetes drugs combined was about $503 per person, the study found.
Two insulin manufacturers question whether the study actually captured where the rising costs are coming from.
"The 'list price' of insulin -- typically the center of the price discussion -- is not what manufacturers receive; rather it is a starting point for negotiations with payers, wholesalers, and others involved in the distribution process," said a statement from Eli Lilly & Co., an insulin manufacturer.
Lilly's statement said its 'net price' for Humalog -- its most commonly used insulin -- increased an average of 1.6 percent a year from 2010 to 2015.
Andrew Purcell, vice president and head of the diabetes business unit at Sanofi, said the Affordable Care Act has ushered in some changes that might lead to sticker shock when patients get their prescriptions.
"Historically, people have typically been paying co-pays of around $30 to $50, but with the growth of high-deductible health plans, the average deductible is over $1,000," he said.
That means until someone has reached that deductible, they may be paying the list price for their insulin, instead of the price negotiated by their insurer. Purcell said that more education on health insurance options, particularly for people with chronic illnesses such as diabetes, might help. Someone with a lot of chronic illness expenses may not want to be in a high-deductible plan because of the high upfront costs, he explained.
The Affordable Care Act, often called Obamacare, was enacted in 2010, and enrollment became mandatory in 2014.
Lilly and Sanofi have programs to help people who cannot afford their medications.
Study author Clarke said some help may be on the horizon. "Competition may start to emerge as the patents for several of the analog insulins have expired," he said.
He added that the U.S. government may also be able to influence pricing as it negotiates insulin priced for Medicare Part D.
The American Diabetes Association has more about paying for diabetes medication.
Copyright © 2016 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
When you're starting your career in any field, you probably have high hopes but don't really know what to expect. Should you keep your head down and do what you're told or should you aim only for ambitious projects? Here's what I've learned in my experience as a software developer.
Let me bat out a few suggestions based on my experience and observations. This list is not all-inclusive—because it can't be. Your experience will be unique.
Advertisement
1. Don't be afraid to learn on the job. Sadly, bookshelves at most workplaces are mostly just set-dressing (look at what our hackers claim to read!). You rarely see anyone reading one, especially not during core work hours. Still, you have a computer and can read papers and most books through an e-reader. So get to it. You're not going to learn much if you just do what you're assigned and little more. You also won't move forward if you ask for more work and get grunt work. Be willing to slow down and do things right and read up on the fundamentals. How do people develop an expertise in a coveted domain like machine learning? One day at a time.
2. Manage your career aggressively. Take responsibility for your own education and progress. One out of ten people (if that) find a mentor who will clear paths and pull strings and make sure they come out on top for promotions and plum projects. If you're in that other nine, and you will be most of the time, no one's looking out for you. So look out for yourself. Don't ask for more work unless you trust that person to give you better work than you'd get otherwise. When you can, do the bare minimum amount of work that's not advancing your career or teaching you something; if it has no career-adding value, people probably don't care enough about it for it to matter that you're putting in a minimum effort, as long as you don't get in anyone's way. After three years, if you're not being groomed for something bigger and badder, external promotion (read: changing jobs) is usually the way to go.
Advertisement
3. Recognize under-performance and over-performance and avoid them. There are a lot of low-effort players who stay employed for years. This isn't a bad strategy if you're settled, but I wouldn't fall too low. That said, the only people who typically get fired for under-performance are the people who fail so badly that they generate work for others. People who hide and do little tend not to make any enemies. At the same time, be cautious of over-performance. This isn't like college where challenging your professor's ideas could earn you an ‘A' if you argued your point well. Over-performers often generate extra work for their superiors and colleagues and draw unwanted attention (see: McNulty in The Wire) and are more likely to be culled for “performance” (98 percent of “performance management” in companies is politics) than under-performers. I'm not saying that you shouldn't work hard and do a good job and learn as much as you can. That's not necessarily over-performance; in my experience, though, over-performance—being recklessly ambitious, perhaps—is much more dangerous than under-performance. It can get you just as fired and it will happen a lot faster. If you end up stuck between the two, ebb towards under-performance.
4. Never ask for permission unless it would be reckless not to. Want to spend a week investigating something on your own initiative? Don't ask for permission. You won't get it. You might not actually be doing your boss a favor when you ask for permission; from their perspective, you're asking for the right to pass the buck if your project doesn't pan out. Since he can deny you and your buck-passing after-the-fact, in any case, because he outranks you, you don't really gain anything from such a promise you might extract in the first place. So there's no upside in asking for that permission. Of course, if you're going to do something that presents a real risk to the business or where his permission would be reasonably expected, then go ahead and ask for permission. If the loss is small and the risk is appropriate to your level in the company (and any programming job where you're not trusted with days to weeks of your own time is not worth having) then don't ask for permission. Just do it, and do it well.
Advertisement
5. Never apologize for being autonomous or using your own time. You can admit that a project or investigation didn't pan out, although it's best if you can spin it as a discovery exercise, but you should never apologize for a failed side project. It sets a precedent of you as a subordinate who needs more supervision. After describing something you did of your own initiative, don't say to the boss, “Don't worry, I did it strictly as a weekend project.” If your company doesn't let you work on something during normal work hours, then don't do it on their behalf for any reason. Respect your time. Or no one else will.
6. Learn CS666 (what I call the politics of software development) and you can usually forget about it. Refuse to learn it, and it'll be with you forever. As we get older, we tend to see the value in transferable and general skills: functional programming rather than Spring/Hibernate; algorithms rather than quirks of a Java 1.4 legacy system. Well, CS666 ain't pretty, but it's transferable across the industry in a way that no programming language ever will be. I'm not saying that one should become a political animal or get obsessed with the politics, because that won't end well, but one ought to be politically aware because there's politics in everything we do. It's good to start studying people and their moves early, even if you're not planning to play (and when you're young, you shouldn't play often). Whether you get the Hadoop cluster in time, who gets to make the technical decisions, whether you get that feature freeze you've been asking for so you can clear away some technical debt, and what projects you're assigned... all politics, man. For better or worse, Meritocracy is the software engineer's Prince Charming and, in the real world you'd best be on the side that gets to define “merit” and structure how it is measured. If you learn CS666, you get some time to breathe and forget about it and just do great work. If you don't learn it, your career will be shaped by those who are better at it.
7. Don't be quixotic and try to prove your bosses wrong. When young engineers feel that their ideas are better than those of their superiors but find a lack of support, they often double down and throw in a lot of hours. “Let's prove our bosses wrong... by sacrificing our own time on something they will own!” Sorry, but if you have to throw down weekends (except on a rare occasion, like a production emergency) to bring a project through, that means that your bosses don't actually care that much about it. Otherwise, you'd have the time and resources and no patience for quixotry in yourself or others. Rather than trying to hit a home run with a cracked bat, you just should just let that game be. When bosses are “shown up” by people they doubted, they don't give that person an automatic promotion or raise. They find a way to confirm their negative impression (and your earnest self-association with a disliked project has put some stink on you) and, even if you succeed, you fail. If nothing else, there's always “He did a great job on that, but he was distracted from his assigned work and so I can't trust him going forward/we can't let him set a precedent/it was actually my idea.”
Advertisement
8. Don't fight other peoples' battles. As you're young and inexperienced, you probably don't have any real power in most cases. Your intelligence doesn't automatically give you credibility. If you get involved in someone else's fight, or stand up for someone being unjustly treated, you'll just get mowed down. Watch Mad Men and The Wire and Breaking Bad for how people really are when there are any stakes. Save all your energy for your own fights. The corporate world is not a place where social justice is valued—people protest by leaving, not picketing—and you won't make any friends as a crusader. If you fight for yourself and it ends badly, you at least get some respect from some people (and that may pay off, years down the line) for your self-preservation. If you fight for other people, you're seen as an arrogant young fuck who didn't know the rules.
9. Try to avoid thinking in terms of “good” versus “bad.” Be ready to play it either way. Young people, especially in technology, tend to fall into those traps—labeling something like a job or a company “good” or “bad” and thus reacting emotionally and sub-optimally. You might think something like: “I'm not going to work hard because my boss yelled at Sam today and I'm upset” or “I'm going to sacrifice my own health and career goals and throw 90 hours per week after grunt work because this is a great start-up and we're changing the world.”
Yeah, fuck that. Every organization is a mix of good and bad. Whatever the territory, use it to your advantage. Boss yells a lot? That actually makes him less of a threat to your career, should he go against you, because they probably aren't trusted by their own superiors either. Assigned a boring project? It's probably boring to your managers too, which means they won't look at you much. You can put in a few hours per week and have 30-40+ left over to learn skills for your next job. Fucked-up culture? If you can stand it and others can't, you're a valued employee—and you can treat it as a learning opportunity (“MBA by counterexample”). It's important to stop thinking of every event as “good” or “bad” in some biblical sense and just see the angles and how to play it. This is a skill that seems to improve greatly with age. You stop sizing complex entities like corporations as “good” or “evil” and just learn how the play the landscape as it is.
Advertisement
10. Never step back on the salary scale except to be a founder. As a corollary, if you step back, expect to be treated as a founder. A 10% drop is permissible if you're changing industries (out of finance and into biotech research) or moving to a lower cost-of-living area. Beyond that, the answer is “no” unless you're making a permanent move. Most people are actually really bad at assessing how good someone is at his or her job, which means that, in the private sector, your salary is the best assessment of your global rank and is a starting point for future negotiations. You better have a damn good reason if you step back, and it better be a high-status one. Employee positions at start-ups are no exception (count the equity at zero, for the purpose of this item). If you leave a $150,000 per year hedge fund job for $90,000 “plus equity” (like, what? 0.05 percent?) then, congratulations, you're now a $90,000/year programmer. That's actually quite fine (being a $90k programmer) if you've moved to a less expensive area and intend to stay there, and it's fine if the company is arguably idealistic (e.g. clean energy) because you can probably bounce back to where you were if you're a good negotiator, but if you took that drop for other unjustifiable reasons, then you're just a chump and, no, you're not changing the world by fixing bugs in ad servers.
11. Exercise. It affects your health, your self-confidence, your sex life, your poise and your career. That hour of exercise pays itself off in increased productivity. If you find yourself no longer exercising, you're throwing down too many hours and you need to garbage-collect your life.
12. Long hours: sometimes okay, usually harmful. The difference between 12% growth and 6% growth is meaningful. Applied to a $60,000 salary over 10 years, one takes you to $107,451 and the other takes you to $186,351. That's a big difference (not just in salary, but in the level of job that those numbers suggest). When your work is multiplicative in nature and your input/output relationship is truly exponential, work hard. Don't work long hours on the merely additive stuff (“more of the same”) that doesn't advance your career or knowledge in a long-standing way. If you're just doubling up on grunt work so some jerk boss can save money because you're working two positions and taking one salary, then fuck it. Walk away. It may not feel like the case, but he needs you more than you need him.
Advertisement
13. Recognize core technological trends apart from fluff. Half of the “NoSQL” databases and “big data” technologies that are hot buzzwords won't be around in 15 years. On the other hand, a thorough working knowledge of linear algebra (and a lack of fear with respect to the topic!) will always suit you well. There's a lot of nonsense in “data science” but there is some meat to it. Likewise, there's a lot of puffery and goofiness in “NoSQL” but non-relational databases do have their place. It's your job (and you get better at this over time, but start making guesses when you're young) to figure out what are core technological principles that make sense and are worth learning for the long term (e.g. functional programming) and which are just fads. It's often useful to have fluency in the fads (for example, if you need a job right now) but you shouldn't spend too much time on them. Buzzword-compliant programmers with weak fundamentals get stuck writing glue code and having to learn new junk when their old junky knowledge goes out of style.
14. Finally, learn as much as you can. It's hard. It takes work. This is probably redundant with some of the other points, but once you've learned enough politics to stay afloat, it's important to level up technically. And, when you're out of school and probably not going back, it's hard. Even the really smart people find it hard to read the cutting-edge papers. (In part, that's because many papers aren't well-written, but that's another topic.) No one is born with the ability to look at complex equations and just intuit what they mean. That stuff took the smartest people in the world hundreds of years to discover and, once discovered, it's much easier for the rest of us to follow along... but it's not without difficulty. If you want to be a great programmer, you'll probably have to study as an adult (with no grades!) harder than 95% of college students (and, maybe, 65% of graduate students) actually do study.
“What do software developers age 30 and over know now that they wish they had known in their 20s?” originally appeared on Quora. You can follow Quora on Twitter, Facebook, and Google+.
Advertisement
This answer has been edited for grammar and clarity.
Image adapted from Family Business and isak55 (Shutterstock). Want to see your work on Lifehacker? Email Andy.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
April 1, 2016, 8:28 PM GMT / Updated April 1, 2016, 11:35 PM GMT By Susan Wagner
Concerns about the potential health risks from arsenic in infant rice cereal has prompted the Food and Drug Administration to propose limits for one of America's favorite baby foods.
The FDA is taking steps to reduce inorganic arsenic (the more toxic form) in infant rice cereal. Long recognized as a carcinogen, and absorbed in food crops like rice, recent health data led to the new advice for pregnant women and infants.
In 2016, FDA completed an analysis of evidence linking relatively high levels of inorganic arsenic during pregnancy with adverse pregnancy outcomes. The FDA also found that exposure to arsenic may result in a child's decreased performance on learning and cognitive tests.
Relative to their size, infants consume about three times more rice than adults. At 8 months of age, rice cereal is often the centerpiece of an infant's diet.
Traces of arsenic are present in many foods, including grains, fruits and vegetables, but rice absorbs it more easily than most foods do. Rice cereals have long been one of the first foods given to babies.
The FDA released a draft guidance Friday that proposes an action level, or limit, of 100 parts per billion (ppb) for inorganic arsenic in infant rice cereal.
Related: What You Should Know About Arsenic Levels In Your Rice
The agency tested 76 samples of infant rice cereal from retail stores and found that nearly half met the agency's proposed limit of 100 parts per billion of inorganic arsenic. More than three-quarters of the samples had levels at or below 110 parts per billion.
“The proposed limit is a prudent and achievable step to reduce exposure to arsenic among infants.” said Susan Mayne, Ph.D., director of the FDA's Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition.
Pregnant women are advised to eat a variety of foods, including varied grains, such as wheat, oats and barley.
Urvashi Rangan, Ph.D., executive director of the Consumer Reports Food Safety & Sustainability Center, which released a report on arsenic levels in rice in 2014, is concerned the proposed limits don't go far enough.
“While Consumer Reports is pleased to see that the FDA has finally proposed a limit on arsenic in infant rice cereal, and it is close to the level we recommended more than three years ago, we remain concerned that so many other rice-based products consumed by children and adults remain without any standards at all. This is particularly true of children's ready-to-eat cereals.”
The FDA acknowledges the wide range of arsenic found in rice and rice products and wants food makers to get their products from sources with the lowest inorganic arsenic.
In a statement to NBC News, Gerber says its cereals already meet the FDA Guidance levels.
"We have worked closely with our trusted rice supplier and their growers as well as researchers from agricultural universities to achieve some of the lowest levels of this element in U.S. grown rice," the statement said. "Through these combined actions we already meet the level proposed by the FDA."
What are parents to do?
The FDA offers the following advice to parents and caregivers of infants. It is consistent with advice given by the American Academy of Pediatrics:
Feed your baby iron-fortified cereals to be sure she or he is receiving enough of this important nutrient.
Rice cereal fortified with iron is a good source of nutrients for your baby, but it shouldn't be the only source, and does not need to be the first source. Other fortified infant cereals include oat, barley and multigrain.
For toddlers, provide a well-balanced diet, which includes a variety of grains.
Parents may consider rice important first food for infants, but it shouldn't be the only source, says Dr. Jennifer Lowry, chairperson of the American Academy of Pediatrics Council on Environmental Health and Chief of Section of Toxicology at Children's Mercy in Kansas City, Missouri.
"I wouldn't say don't eat rice," Lowry told NBC News. "I would say, don't only eat rice. Eat other grains in addition to rice, and eat other grains first."
Published studies, including new research by the FDA, indicate that cooking rice in excess water (from six to 10 parts water to one part rice), and draining the excess water, can reduce from 40 to 60 percent of the inorganic arsenic content, depending on the type of rice — although this method may also remove some key nutrients.
The FDA will accept public comments on the proposed limits for 90 days.
Dr. Shelly Choo, a medical fellow with NBC News, contributed to this report
One Alabama city beat out stiff competition for the title of fastest-growing tech town in 2017.
ZipRecruiter and Payscale have named Huntsville the top tech city in the U.S. The study, which ranks cities by year-over-year tech job growth, features a few other surprises, including seven cities in the Midwest and three Ohio towns.
Huntsville's year-over-year tech job growth was 309 percent, according to the ranking. The top tech careers in Huntsville are software and systems engineers, systems and information technology specialists, and help desk support.
The report found early career median pay starts at $59,500, while mid-career median pay jumps to $96,400. ZipRecruiter, a job search website, and Payscale, an online salary, benefits and compensation information company, said median Huntsville rent is $950, while the median home price is about $152,000.
ZipRecruiter's top 10 tech jobs and cities are as below:
Huntsville Thousand Oaks, Calif. Phoenix Albany, N.Y. Kansas City Orlando Salt Lake City Nashville Jacksonville, Fla. Baltimore
Cincinnati, Cleveland, Indianapolis, Columbus, Denver, Detroit, Tampa, Providence, Seattle and Chicago rounded out the list.
To find the fastest-growing U.S. tech job markets, Payscale queried ZipRecruiter's database of more than 8 million active jobs for the following information:
Year-over-year growth in tech jobs by Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA)*
The top jobs in tech by MSA
Payscale then ranked the top MSAs by the tech job growth rate from 2016-17, and included the following:
The top 5 tech jobs in each MSA.
The median salaries for early and mid-career tech workers in each MSA (via PayScale)
Median rents and home sales prices for each MSA (via Trulia).
Huntsville also recently landed at No. 7 on SmartAsset.com's top metro areas for STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) professions. It was the only Alabama city -- and the only from the deep South -- to make the list.
This is my first Thanksgiving as a vegan or a vegetarian. All the other years of my life, I chowed down on turkey, which I actually liked dry, so that it felt less like I was eating flesh.
In the last year, I've finally made the long-time-coming leap to becoming an official vegetarian, and in the last few months, to becoming a vegan. Since I'm hosting my first ever vegan thanksgiving dinner with my partner this week, I'm rapidly becoming acquainted with the questions people ask vegans and vegetarians on the holiday. "But what will we eat? Wait, does vegan mean no eggs or milk too?"
When I received these questions, I initially felt guilty imposing my beliefs on my friends, and so I made our potluck invite a vegan/vegetarian dinner as a compromise, even though I won't be able to eat the dishes with dairy, and frankly don't feel great about celebrating them, considering what I know now about the suffering that goes into making cheese, milk, and eggs.
But this is a work in progress, and that includes figuring out how I want to respond to some of the most common questions and comments I've been getting about being a vegan on Thanksgiving. Because when people are asking questions, even if they are sometimes judgmental or ignorant, that's a good thing. I actually can't think of a better holiday for opening up a dialogue about eating animals.
1. "But What Will You Eat?!"
You may get this one if you're the guest of a non-vegan or veggie host — hopefully in advance of the meal planning, but possibly after you've already sat down and they realized they failed to note that being vegan meant no milk or cream. (This happens a surprising amount. I've had waiters at trendy restaurants in New York City suggest cheese and fish dishes as vegan, so it's not surprising Aunt Selma might not get it.) It's more effective in the long run to respond with kindness here.
How To Respond: "Actually, there are a ton of delicious things I can eat that everyone will like. Let me send you some recipe and food blog ideas, or even a few specific recipes."
2. "But What Will We Eat?!"
If you host a vegan Thanksgiving, you will get some variation of this question if you ask people to bring vegan food. People are relatively accepting of vegetarians, but as a vegan I've noticed people start getting annoyed. I get it. I had all kinds of snobby ideas about how snobby vegans were before I became one. Yes, it takes slightly more foresight to cook a vegan Thanksgiving meal, perhaps. But in an age of Pintrest, Google, and gourmet vegan cuisine, it's hardly difficult.
How To Respond: "There are a ton of things we can eat. Don't worry, it'll taste good — plus, you're probably going to feel better after my meal, even if you eat just as much. If you feel like bringing something, I could even pick a recipe and send it to you. Maybe you can think of it as a fun cooking challenge. If not, wine's cool."
3. "It's Just Not Thanksgiving Without A Turkey"
No one has said this (to our face, anyway), but I know that my partner's vegetarian parents, who are hosting a vegetarian Thanksgiving this year, got this question.
How To Respond: "Actually, it is for me. It makes me feel even more grateful that I can both allow animals to live and have enough food to survive. It makes me feel abundant to see how many other options I have."
3. "Don't You Miss All The Normal Thanksgiving Foods?"
I would miss stuffing and mashed potatoes and pumpkin pie — luckily, there are plenty of awesome thanksgiving vegan recipes for all those foods. So many, in fact, that it can be overwhelming to choose from all the food porn.
How To Respond: "All the traditional dishes (besides turkey) have really similar vegan versions that taste really good. And now that I've made the connection that the turkey is actually an animal and not just a food, it isn't appetizing to me anymore."
4. "So, You Like Tofurky Then?"
It's this, or some variation on a Tofurky joke, usually said really snidely. Personally, I have no desire to eat it myself, but if you like it, more power to you.
How To Respond: If you do like it, just say, "Yup, I like a lot of foods." If you don't like it or haven't tried it, just say, "Actually, I've never tried it. Do you like it?"
5. "This Must Be So Hard For You"
If this is said in a condescending way, at first I want to say, "Yes, it's really hard to eat all this delicious food in excess without the guilt of knowing it was produced by animal suffering. It's also really hard that even though I'm also stuffed, I probably feel less sick than you right now because vegan food is so much easier to digest." But rhetorically, that's not the best way to get to people — or have compassion — which is what this is all about.
How To Respond: "The only thing that's hard is if the people I'm having dinner with aren't willing to cook or bring dishes I can eat. Otherwise, it's just delicious, and I feel less sick after dinner, even if I eat as much."
6. "You Must Think I'm A Terrible Person For Eating This"
People might also say, "I bet you think you're better than me," or, "You're a better person than me." Either way, it's important to be taken a cue from the Buddha in these moments and not take the bait. Maybe even let the comment hang awkwardly in the air for a second before you respond with kindness.
As theorist Carol J. Adams writes in Living Among Meat Eaters, it's useful to "recognize meat eaters as blocked vegetarians, but relate to them as potential vegetarians. As a result we reorient our own goals in any interaction: it is not to defend our diet but to help them remove the defensiveness encircling theirs." In other words, don't be an exclusive asshole about it or simply write off this comment by minimizing or apologizing for your ethics; instead, engage them in a dialogue by being open about your beliefs in a non-judgmental way, and asking plenty of questions.
What You Should Say: "Why would I think that?"
You can have a conversation from there, but be sure to listen more than you speak — you can offer to send them some articles if they're interested at the end.
7. "I Know You Don't Eat Meat, But What About Chicken Or Turkey?"
Lawrence Bader on YouTube
It's best just to explain this without too much attitude if you can, since the person asking this one is probably either older or from a culture where the ideas of vegetarianism and veganism aren't as widespread. Same thing with people thinking vegan means you can eat milk or eggs — it's best just to educate rather than alienate here, since they asked the question.
How To Respond: "No, not eating meat means I don't eat any animals."
8. "But It's Tradition!"
Progressive people are into sharing memes lately about how messed up it is that we spend a day celebrating a relationship that would result in Native American's mass genocide. I agree, and though I do celebrate Thanksgiving, I certainly recognize how only saying, "But I celebrate it as a fall harvest, not an American thing," is inherently a flawed argument.
That said, I am trying to take the holiday and make it into an opportunity to talk about injustice in the world, recognize my immense privilege, and create a new tradition where I can feel grateful for the fact that I can reduce the suffering of others, at least when it comes to what I eat.
If you consider yourself progressive and have shared a meme like the one above (I know I did as a meat-eater) then you might want to also consider what you put on your plate. If you feel guilty about our country's history of mass murder and enslavement, then why is it necessary to celebrate Thanksgiving and your family by putting a corpse on the middle of the table, or by cooking with milk and cheese that's the result of a baby cow being torn from its mother?
You might feel that animal suffering is unfortunate, but that it's "different" than our suffering as humans. Specieism, sexism, and racism are all predicated on the same logic: that for "them," it's just different. That's just the way things are. But it doesn't have to be the way things are, especially in this case, where the solution is so simple. If we all just opted out, simply didn't eat the result of animal suffering for our own pleasure when we have no nutritional need to, well, that would really be something to celebrate. What's more abundant than realizing how many other options you have?
How To Respond: "Thanksgiving is about feeling grateful and abundant, and appreciative of my life and the lives of others. For me, there's no better way to do that than to remind myself that I'm so privileged I don't even need to eat animal products to have a delicious, filling meal. I feel thankful every time I think about it."
Maddalena Ercole on YouTube
Images: Herbivoreclothing; Qucikmeme
Authorities Investigate Whether Fox Lake Officer's Death Was A Suicide
By Emma G. Gallegos in News on Sep 15, 2015 8:29PM
It's been over two weeks since a Fox Lake cop was shot to death on the job. Despite a massive manhunt, there are no suspects in the case yet, and investigators are still trying to figure out whether it was a homicide or a suicide.
Authorities investigating the death of Fox Lake Lt. Charles Joseph Gliniewicz have been pretty tight-lipped. Last week, Lake County Coroner Thomas Rudd was the first to publicly say that the fatal shot to the torso that killed Gliniewicz may have been self-inflicted. Rudd said he didn't have enough information to definitely rule his death a homicide—or suicide or even an accident. Task force leaders weren't happy that Rudd released that information, complaining it could have jeopardized the investigation.
On the record, investigators told the Tribune they are "still pursuing this as a homicide" even as they consider "every theory." Multiple anonymous sources are telling the Trib that suicide is one of the theories that they're looking into while they await DNA, ballistics and gunshot residue tests.
Shortly before he was found shot, Gliniewicz told a dispatcher that he planned to pursue three people: two white males and one black male. Officers who responded found him shot and stripped of his gear in a remote marsh, and his .40-caliber service weapon was recovered nearby. There was surveillance video from the area showing three men matching Gliniewicz's description, but they were interviewed and ruled out as suspects.
There are still a lot of blanks to fill in, and it's not clear if authorities are still trying to figure out answers or whether they're withholding that information, the Tribune says. For instance, authorities say they found DNA that belongs to someone else near the crime scene, but they haven't said where. They haven't said if Gliniewicz was shot with his own gun or how close the gun was found to his body.
Gliniewicz had been on the force 30 years and had plans to retire at the end of the month. Task force investigators interviewed his family but didn't say whether that offered any insight.
Joseph A. Battaglia (Lake County Illinois Sheriff's Office) The Lake County Illinois Sheriff's Office says Joseph A. Battaglia made calls to investigators telling them he was a "retired police officer" and threatened to harm the Task Force and Coroner's Office if they didn't declare Gliniewicz' death a suicide. He also called up media outlets, feeding them information that the sheriff's office says is false.
If someone you know exhibits warning signs of suicide: do not leave the person alone, remove any firearms, alcohol, drugs or sharp objects that could be used in a suicide attempt, and call the U.S. National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-273-TALK (8255) or take the person to an emergency room or seek help from a medical or mental health professional.
Despite glowing acclaim from the community and reviewers alike, French artist Danger has never really hit it big. Breaking out in 2007 with the single “11:30”, his sporadic release schedule, rejection of long-form works, and mysterious, anonymous nature has gained him status as underground's best gem. For a while, it seemed he was content to keep it that way. When he took to Facebook last month to announce his debut album after 10 years of music production, then, it came as a shock to the community.
Given his rather outspoken negativity about the format, many assumed he would never release an album, much less put quite a bit of marketing behind it. Some were worried about the quality and variety of the album – would the master of monstrosity be able to keep such a lengthy release varied enough to please us? Others wondered if this was an attempt to “sell out”; as far as is known, Franck Rivoire (the man behind the mask) has no other aliases, and releasing a single every year surely can't be profitable. I was certainly concerned myself when I read the album would contain an entire 15 tracks and would include vocal collaborations.
I'm happy to tell you that such worry is completely unwarranted. This album is everything it should be. Perfectly paced, monstrously powerful, and cinematic to the highest possible degree, 太鼓 is the ultimate in Danger, and is everything his career has been leading up to. In fact, I am so satisfied, he may never have to release another song under the alias again. Drawing inspiration from modern hiphop, trap, and critical albums such as The Glitch Mob's Drink The Sea, as well as the usual 80s/90s horror movie score, it's obvious everything Danger is having been poured into every second of this work.
太鼓 is Danger's magnum opus, and although there are minor pacing issues, it is the next big electronic masterpiece, ready to stand among the greats – provided people listen to it.
Length: 15 Tracks, 59:45
Genres: French House, Witch House, Cinematic
Label: 1789 Records
The more Japanese-aware of you may have already recognized the album's peculiar title, 太鼓, as the kanji for “taiko”, or drum. For native Japanese speakers, this would be used to refer to any type of drum, though outside of Japan it usually refers to a particular group of Japanese drums, known as wadaiko (和太鼓). These are known for their rhythmic, strong sound, especially when played in the traditional way. According to Franck in an interview with Nest HQ, during a trip to Japan, he was fortunate enough to attend a traditional baptism in Kyoto. During the ceremony, he fell in love with the instrument. He was taken back by the sheer power and solid sound of the drums in ensemble, or kumi-daiko (組太鼓). No surprise, then, that they're a perfect fit for Danger.
A perfect fit for Danger, and, as it turns out, a perfect theme for the album. Every track of this album uses taiko samples; there is not a single typical drum sample to be found. While this means it may not be what you expect from Danger's sound, it ends up strengthening his already unique palette, drawing attention to the core of each song and breaking away from the typical EDM mould that his older tracks still adhere to. In any other artist's hands, this dedication to a singular element may have resulted in a repetitive disaster, but Franck seems to understand not to let his affection blind him. The use of the taiko drum lends the album an incredible cohesion that, even if expected from Danger, is a bit more impressive than usual.
Although there is strength in the taiko drum, and therefore the whole, the real strength is within the moment-by-moment variety and glamour. 太鼓 revels in the unexpected; like all good fiction, the concept and setting are only a base to work off of; what happens within is what makes memories. I mention Psycho and what is your first thought: the premise of the story or the famous shower scene? Yes, Franck knows well enough to restrain the drum, but what is perhaps the most stunning is what he crafts in its stead. Each track is a canvas; in each, an idea is introduced, explored, used to paint a scene, then passed on to its successor.
I could bore you with technical, in-depth talk about how this sample works into this song, and how this structure makes this song stand out to explain myself, but I'd rather forgo that. For those of you who have not listened yet, I also wish not to spoil or ruin any of this incredible magic. In a week, I will sit down with Noah, who is more technically knowledgeable than me, and do a track-by-track discussion and analysis, for those like me who do enjoy this sort of analysis. For now, I encourage you to experience it for yourself and form your own impressions.
Unfortunately, 太鼓 is not without faults, albeit small ones. Despite its otherwise brilliant flow, the end of the album does falter and peter out, leaving one with the sense that it never really concluded. While intensity and climax fills the entire album, each track after “21:10” (and especially finale song “3:00”) focus on more introspective structures, killing the buzz and literally fading out into unexpected silence. In what could otherwise have been one of the best paced albums in EDM, this is an annoying missed opportunity that aggravates more than it should.
More akin to a symphony than a mere album in many respects, 太鼓 is what we all desperately needed. It's exciting, big, surprising, and satisfying, which is more than can be said about 60% of current new hits. It elevates itself above expectations with both unexpected variety and cohesion. It's peculiar. It may not be the image of perfection in many fans' eyes – it'll certainly divide longtime Danger listeners – but it's what Danger really is, for better or for worse. It's strong and rhythmic and solid.
太鼓です. Thank you, Danger.
Side Notes:
Is that a Lil Brain UTAU?
I don't know who Tasha is, but she fucking KILLED it.
I can't seem to find every section that was in the Lost Tape in the album. It'd be interesting if there was exclusive content in the preview mix.
[Cover art & thumbnail art courtesy Danger; other in-text images courtesy Nitrous Oxide & Raymand Marchand]
Take a look into the two new trilogies from Jameson Irish whiskey. Appearing to be targeted at both travel and general retail markets, interesting things seem to be coming down the line for Jameson.
Bold, Lively and Round are not three rejected character ideas for Snow White's dwarfs but are in-fact the three component
whiskeys that make up Jameson's new Deconstructed Series. This trilogy marks the first Global Travel Retail offering from the Irish Whiskey giant. The series, which was announced late last month, is set to ‘deconstruct' the ultra-popular Jameson Original and use these keynotes as the base for the three new whiskeys.
Being described as “an exclusive range of super-premium whiskeys”, Jameson Deconstructed will retail at a recommended price of €36 a bottle. A fairly ‘competitive' price for super-premium whiskeys, if you ask me.
Each bottle individually takes a different keynote from the Jameson Original and builds upon them. For example, Bold highlights the Pot Still element of the blend, Lively is influenced by the grain whiskey that makes up a large component of the famous blend and finally Round showcases the influence that the oak aging has on the original. The official tasting notes read much as one would expect from whiskeys showcasing generic Pot Still, grain and wood influences:
Bold, (influenced by pot still whiskey), is an intense and robust whiskey, with a strong hit of spices. Initially sweet and creamy, with an abundance of soft fruits, the Pot Still Spices develop to bring a perfect balance of rich barley notes and mellow baked apple.
Lively, (influenced by grain whiskey), offers an elegant and floral taste combined with a citrus lightness. Its soft and sweet taste, provided by the perfume bon bons alongside Turkish delight, combines with drying hints of citrus to balance the sweetness. A little chili oil brings a prickle of spices to the mouth.
Round, (influenced by the wood contribution), is a balance of rich and plump charred wood tones. A perfect harmony of diverse flavours, sweet vanilla fuses with soft ripe fruit and, together, combines with the rich Pot Still Spices on a firm foundation of toasted oak.
Interestingly enough though, the Deconstructed Series is not the first trilogy that Midleton have showcased this year. In September, at the launch of the Midleton Micro-distillery, revelers were treated to an advanced look at ‘The Whiskey Makers Series'. This trio is composed of; The Distiller's Safe, The Blender's Dog and the Cooper's Croze.
Not much information was offered about the future plans for trilogy when it was shown to the public, other than the tasting notes. Although, it looks to me like it may become one of the new Jameson expressions for general retail.
This might be slightly controversial, as many revellers assumed that it was a once off release for the launch of the new distillery. In my opinion, if that had been the case, I would imagine they would have been presented in the familiar green Jameson bottles just sporting a fancy new label. For example, if they weren't going to create new bottles for 3,000 Caskmates, I doubt they'd create new bottles for a few hundred units at a publicity event.
Alternatively, travel retail could be the destination. Although, it would seem very strange if it became a second triple pack offering for Global Travel Retail. Lastly, Jameson seem to have a common theme running between the two trilogies. Both are sporting their almost retro style labels and colourless glass bottles. I could very easily see these being in the same product range spanning general and travel retail, just like the current Jameson reserves.
Just a hunch I guess, but one I'd be willing to put money on.
The tasting notes that accompanied the the preview are slightly ambiguous but do seem to echo the deconstructed range to some degree.
The Distiller's Safe, this blend showcases the beauty and character of the distillates. It has a smooth mouth feel, typical of Pot Still whiskeys, combined with the soft buttery sweetness and gentle fruit notes of grain whiskey.
this blend showcases the beauty and character of the distillates. It has a smooth mouth feel, typical of Pot Still whiskeys, combined with the soft buttery sweetness and gentle fruit notes of grain whiskey. The Blender's Dog, the intent with this expression is to create harmony, balance and an infusion of flavours that perfectly fill your mouth and nose. The Blender's Dog has a rich creamy mouth feel, with the sweetness of butterscotch, giving way to the prickle of spices and subtle tannins.
the intent with this expression is to create harmony, balance and an infusion of flavours that perfectly fill your mouth and nose. The Blender's Dog has a rich creamy mouth feel, with the sweetness of butterscotch, giving way to the prickle of spices and subtle tannins. The Cooper's Croze, the whiskey has a distinct oak character with the nutty toasted flavours, sprinkled with dried fruits and sherry. The whiskey reflects the spectrum of flavours contributed by the variety of cask types from sweet vanilla to rich fruits and toasted wood.
All the blends in this range are 43% ABV and non-chill filtered.
As Irish whiskey continues to explode in popularity, Non-Age Statement whiskeys like these two trilogies are becoming more and more common place. It makes sense from a stock management point of view. NAS releases such as these are used to divert attention from current age statement whiskeys in hopes to relieve some of the pressure on older stocks.
We've previously seen NAS whiskeys phased in to replace older age statement whiskey in the Jameson range. Jameson 12 had its NAS substitute, Black Barrel/Select Reserve, phased in to eventually replace the older whiskey when stocks began to run too low.
This leaves me wondering whether or not The Whiskey Maker's Series will become another replacement whiskey. It would seem unlikely that with the stocks currently stretched thin that a new NAS offering would come with no draw backs somewhere else in the line.
So my question remains, if this is indeed a replacement, what is it replacing? The 12-year-old is already fit to be in retirement by the end of the year so the only aged stock remaining is the 18. Surely this couldn't be a comparable replacement for such an iconic whiskey? Alternative options are the NAS Gold and Vintage bottlings. Both of which would seem like unlikely choices, unless their special third cask finishes were becoming harder and more expensive to facilitate.
If it is indeed a replacement for something within the current Jameson portfolio, such as the 18, they would need to ensure consumers wouldn't choose substitutes from other companies. So perhaps a trilogy was chosen because the sum of the parts combined could be greater than the whole. A loss to older age statements could be swept under the rug as three exciting new bottles are released in its stead.
As I've said in previous articles, this is just my interpretation of current events. I unfortunately don't have a crystal ball that lets me look inside Jameson strategy meetings, no matter how much I'd love that. So perhaps the Whiskey Maker's will indeed live peacefully side by side with all the other Jameson offerings. Perhaps my understanding of how much aged stock Midleton possess is way off the mark and aged whiskeys are in abundant supply. Although I'll choose to stay quietly skeptical, keep my ears to the ground and eyes on the prices of all their products.
Either way, The Whiskey Maker's Series doesn't seem like it will get its debut anytime this side of Christmas. So you can drink your Jameson in peace over New Years.
When this trilogy and its Deconstructed cousins Are released I will definitely be first in line to see what they have in store for consumers. The packaging does look great and I hope that the wooden travel boxes are available to general retail consumers, just to appease my inner hipster needs.
Regardless of my love of craft packaging, there appears to be interesting times ahead for Jameson and Irish Distillers. They've got their season ticket for the NAS train and don't look like they'll be getting off anytime soon. I look forward to seeing how they manage their existing portfolio alongside the exciting new trilogy releases.
Until then Sláinte
Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg. Drew Angerer/Getty Images
LONDON — Facebook, Google, and other tech companies might have to pay a levy to counteract online bullies and trolls, according to new proposals put forward by the UK government.
Culture secretary Karen Bradley has proposed an "industry-wide levy" on social media firms, internet providers, and mobile firms to "raise awareness and counter internet harms."
The idea is to force tech firms to deal with the consequences of online bullying, trolling, and unfettered access to porn.
The government hasn't gone into any further detail, and has not specified how much it might levy tech firms, how it would collect the cash, or what exactly the cash would be used for.
It has hinted at full regulation of the internet before. The Conservative election manifesto this year said: "Some people say that it is not for government to regulate when it comes to technology and the internet. We disagree."
And a BuzzFeed investigation uncovered plans for an internet levy at the time.
Actually forcing tech firms to pay up might be tricky. It's possible the government would calculate the levy amount based on each company's taxable revenue, but that poses difficulties.
Jim Killock, director of privacy campaigning group Open Rights Watch, said: "This could be hard to implement in a way that is fair. Many smaller social media companies may have no UK presence for instance. Others may have no taxable revenue.
"Ultimately, it is individuals who break the law. Often governments seem to want to police to be done by companies, but we should remember that Facebook and Google do not run courts of law, and they do not put people in prison. The government needs to be clear that the police will pursue wrongdoers when laws are broken."
Google and Facebook did not respond to requests for comment.
A spokesman for Twitter pointed to the increased work the company was doing to keep people safe on its platform, though the firm is often criticised for a culture of trolling and abuse. Twitter said it was blocked ten times the number of abusive accounts every day compared to last year, and said it had retrained its support team to recognise "hateful conduct."
A Microsoft spokeswoman said: "Microsoft is committed to help all those who use our technology to get online, do so in safety. Keeping people safe online is a problem that cannot be solved with each of us acting alone. This is why we are a founding member of the Internet Watch Foundation, and make information and tools available on our platforms. We welcome the Government's Internet Safety Strategy, and the consultation process to find new ways to protect people from harm."
It's also possible the government will never enforce a levy at all. The proposal is part of Karen Bradley's green paper on internet safety — a consultation document that will be open to wider debate before the government considers enshrining any suggestions in policy.
The FBI's June 21 arrest of an 18-year old-suburban Indianapolis high school student on charges of attempting to join the Islamic State (ISIS) elicited all the usual protestations of disbelief from local politicos, school spokespeople, and media outlets.
To the extent the arrest was covered at all, it contained rich details of the cooperative steps taken by federal, state, and local enforcement to monitor, track, and finally arrest the suspected terrorist as he attempted to board a Greyhound Bus.
None of the local coverage of Brownsburg High School student Akram Musleh's arrest made any mention of ties he might have had with local Islamists, let alone who those Islamists might be. Nor was Musleh the first Muslim arrested in Indianapolis on terror support charges. Last February, local authorities charged six people with material support for terrorism. In its only story on those arrests, the Indianapolis Star proclaimed the reason for their presence in Indiana “was unclear.”
Left unmentioned was that Indianapolis is home to the largest and single most influential Muslim organization in the United States. For 36 years, the Islamic Society for North America has been hiding in plain sight on a spacious, well-tended campus on South County Road, just west of the Indianapolis International Airport in Plainfield, IN.
According to its own telling, ISNA was created by the Muslim Brotherhood in 1980 “to be a nucleus for the Islamic Movement in North America” and has been run by a succession of senior Muslim Brotherhood leaders who have turned it into the largest and most powerful Muslim Brotherhood organization in the country.
The Brotherhood itself was founded in Egypt in 1928 to replace the Islamic Caliphate that collapsed with the Ottoman Empire after World War I. It designed an organizational structure to implement a clear founding mission; the establishment of a global caliphate to be governed by Sharia — a totalitarian legal system that radical Muslims believe must be imposed upon everyone, everywhere.
The group turned violent during World War II, targeting the families of Egyptian politicians and British military officers, leading in 1949 to a harsh crackdown against it, which included the assassination of its founder Hassan al-Bana.
The group took advantage of a brief lifting of a ban on it in 1951 to take part in the coup that ousted King Farouk. However, the Brotherhood's failed attempt just two years later to oust the new military regime lead by Gamal Abdel Nasser resulted in a ferocious crackdown that scattered many of its survivors to Europe and, of all places, Urbana, IL, where, in 1963, the Muslim Brotherhood established its first U.S. front group called the Muslim Students Association. Today, MSA chapters can be found on almost every college and university campus in the U.S. and Canada.
The Muslim Brotherhood's own detailed plan to inculcate itself in the United States was discovered by the FBI in 2004 as part of a hidden archive in a suburban Virginia basement. The materials were accepted as evidence during the 2007 Holy Land Foundation trial, which named ISNA an “un-indicted co-conspirator.” The most incriminating document in the archives discovered in that basement was the so-called “Explanatory Memorandum,” which outlines the Brotherhood's “strategic plan” for turning the United States into an Islamic state. The memo detailed what it called a campaign “civilizational Jihad” designed to “eliminate and destroy Western civilization from within and ‘sabotaging' its miserable house by its own hands.”
According to that memo, ISNA was to become the paramount node of the entire Brotherhood operation in the U.S. and Canada. Today, in controlling more than 300 community, religious, educational and professional organizations across the United States and Canada, the Islamic Society of North America certainly seems to have fulfilled its mission.
Not only has the group never been made ground zero in the struggle against radical Islam, it has been generously protected by locals in its home state and inexplicably empowered by the federal government. Under both Republican and Democratic administrations, the U.S. government has exponentially increased ISNA's power and influence by granting it exclusive rights to certify all Muslim chaplains for service in the U.S. armed forces military and inside all federal prisons; ISNA has been made an “official partner” of the U.S. government for “Muslim outreach”; and has been chosen to oversee the training of all senior officers in the U.S. military about Islam.
If there are any students of history in the future, they will no doubt be stunned to learn how easy we made it for our enemy's strategic plan to look so brilliant.
A young man who ran from police on Telegraph Avenue early Saturday morning, and tossed away a pistol as he ran, was quickly arrested by responding officers, authorities report.
Officers arrested Eleazar Reyes Jr., 21, of San Pablo on suspicion of firearms-related charges, resisting arrest and being drunk in public, said Berkeley Police spokesman Sgt. Andrew Frankel.
Frankel said the man later identified as Reyes walked by a business in the 2300 block of Telegraph while displaying a gun just before 1:40 a.m. A worker there flagged down BPD to alert officers.
“Officers saw the subject nearby and ordered him to stop and the suspect took off running northbound on Telegraph and east on Bancroft Way,” Frankel said. “The suspect tossed a pistol away while running but it was later recovered during a search of the area through which he ran.” (According to unconfirmed scanner reports, a security guard at Pappy's saw Reyes and reported him.)
The University of California Police Department also assisted with the arrest, Frankel said.
Reyes was arrested on suspicion of being a prohibited person carrying a loaded firearm, a felony, as well as a special allegation for committing a new offense while out on bail, along with several misdemeanors, according to court records online.
Reyes appears to have been charged Tuesday with carrying a concealed firearm and carrying a loaded firearm, according to court records online. Both are listed as misdemeanors. He had no past convictions or arrests listed in Alameda County.
Reyes was being held at Santa Rita Jail in Dublin with a bail of $117,500, but that information may have changed after his arraignment. (The record did not appear to have been updated.) Reyes's next court appearance was not listed online.
By KEVIN FREKING, Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — Democrats on Wednesday elected longtime New York Rep. Jerrold Nadler to serve as the ranking member on the House Judiciary Committee, which would take the lead on impeachment proceedings against President Donald Trump if Democrats reclaim the House majority next year.
The 14-term Nadler is replacing former Rep. John Conyers of Michigan, who resigned in the wake of sexual harassment allegations. Nadler outdistanced Rep. Zoe Lofgren of California for the position, winning by a vote of 118-72.
Democrats look forward to Nadler's "fierce, fearless leadership to defend the promise of justice and liberty for all," House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., said in a statement.
Pelosi's statement made no mention of the potential impeachment actions if Democrats capture control of the House in the 2018 elections.
Nadler, who was elected to the House in 1992, said the country is possibly headed toward a constitutional crisis. He told colleagues he was best prepared to safeguard civil rights and civil liberties from a Trump administration that he says is constantly attacking them. Lofgren emphasized her expertise on immigration issues.
Rep. Pramila Jayapal, freshman member of the committee, said she was looking for someone who could lead Democratic fights on a committee that she described as extremely partisan.
"I think we need a bulldog," said Jayapal, D-Wash.
At the same time, she said she wanted someone steeped in the broad range of issues that come before the committee such as intellectual property laws issues, criminal justice and immigration.
Democrats voiced concerns that Republicans are laying the groundwork for stifling the investigation of special counsel Robert Mueller into Russia's meddling in the 2016 elections. They wanted someone who could lead the fight to ensure the investigation is allowed to run its course.
"What proved decisive was the concern in the caucus about making sure we have a constitutional expert at the head of the committee on our side given what we're facing," said Rep. Gerald Connolly, D-Va.
Pink Floyd cover designer Storm Thorgerson dies
Updated
British graphic designer Storm Thorgerson, best known for designing the iconic cover of Pink Floyd's 1973 classic album The Dark Side of the Moon, has died aged 69.
More recently Thorgerson created the artwork for records released by Australian bands Powderfinger and Pendulum, as well as Scottish rockers Biffy Clyro and British stadium act Muse.
He was a childhood friend of Pink Floyd's founding members before becoming the band's design chief. His most famous creation featured a prism of glass dispersing light into its component colours.
His family revealed he was surrounded by relatives and friends at the time of his death.
"He had been ill for some time with cancer though he had made a remarkable recovery from his stroke in 2003," said a family statement.
"He is survived by his mother Vanji, his son Bill, his wife Barbie Antonis and her two children Adam and Georgia."
Pink Floyd guitarist and vocalist Dave Gilmour said the artworks were "an inseparable part of our work".
"We first met in our early teens," he added.
"We would gather at Sheep's Green, a spot by the river in Cambridge and Storm would always be there holding forth, making the most noise, bursting with ideas and enthusiasm. Nothing has ever really changed.
"He has been a constant force in my life, both at work and in private, a shoulder to cry on and a great friend. I will miss him."
A statement on the Pink Floyd official site added: "We are saddened by the news that long-time Pink Floyd graphic genius, friend and collaborator, Storm Thorgerson, has died."
"Our thoughts are with his family and many friends," it said.
AFP
Topics: design, arts-and-entertainment, united-kingdom
First posted
Fast RMX is a remaster (or a remix) of Fast Racing Neo, a Wii U eShop title. Developed by Shin'en Multimedia, it is the third game in the Nintendo exclusive Fast series that started all the way on WiiWare. The Fast series is somewhat of a spiritual successor to F-Zero, a Nintendo franchise that has been long forgotten by Nintendo itself. If Nintendo doesn't develop any more games in the series, at least Shin'en is trying...but have their efforts ended up being worth it? Let's dig in.
Graphics
Fast RMX looks phenomenal, especially considering the hardware it's on. Breath of the Wild is a beautiful game, but it doesn't look real. Fast RMX does. It's crazy to me that we live in a world where $20 games on portable Nintendo hardware look this good. This game is truly breathtaking.
In some of the levels, there are weather effects. As water, snow, or sand bombard your screen, it's easy to become incredibly immersed in the game's world. One of the key mechanics of the game requires your car and certain areas throughout the track to glow in a bright blue or orange. These bright lights really grab your eye and add to the overall experience of Fast RMX. The game also has some really great particle effects. As your car veers into the barricades on the sides of a track or into an enemy racer, the sparks that fly up into the air really make the game even more intense.
Fast RMX also has a diverse lineup environments from across the world (and beyond). Whether you're blasting through the bitter tundra of Antarctica or the brightly lit urban landscape of Neo Kyoto, you'll feel like you're really there.
Music/Sound
I really love the music in Fast RMX. The game's soundtrack is comprised of tons of different electronic tracks that really fit the environments they're played in and cause you to become even more invested into the intense experience that is Fast RMX. I really enjoy listening to these songs while I'm playing the game, and even when I'm not.
The sound effects are also pretty good, although they're not really anything too special. The sounds you hear as you zoom around the track make you feel like you're right there. The crashing and landing noises also sound pretty realistic.
Gameplay
The Ubuntu convergence announced a couple of years ago is starting to take shape, and this video of the Flashback app is the perfect example of why this is a good idea.
Canonical has been touting this convergence for a while and it seems that it's still too far away. In fact, the notion of convergence has changed over the years, at least for Canonical, but now we can see much better what they had in mind.
A couple of years back we thought that we'd have mobile phones that would be able to expand their purpose and work as PCs, with the same interface and improved functionality. Now, that idea of convergence is no longer feasible and it's no longer pursued by developers. Instead, convergence has evolved on a software level and Flashback is a good example.
Convergence is coming and there is nothing you can do to stop it
Not everyone is a fan of convergence, but a lot of people don't know exactly what it is. In the case of Canonical and Ubuntu, some people think that the desktop will have some sort of interface that will look a lot more like the mobile version. That is definitely not the case and the developers have an entire different vision.
Canonical and its devs are trying to unite the platforms at the code level. Ideally, sometime in the near future, there will be a single Ubuntu system that will run on anything, and the same will be true for the apps built for it. The work on the OS level is still ongoing and there is a long road ahead, but applications are ready now.
Ubuntu developers released a while ago a very important tool called the Ubuntu SDK, which helps people make apps for that platform much more easily. It uses QML and this programming language is extremely flexible. In principle, if the developer puts a little effort into it, his application will run on Ubuntu Touch and Ubuntu desktops without any issues.
Everyone else is doing it too
It's hard to say who came up with this idea, but the truth is that both Microsoft and Apple are trying similar things. Just like Canonical, they still have a long way to go, but it looks like the Linux platform is ahead. Flashback is an application that provides users with information about movies, actors, and all sorts of details about this industry. The code is the same and it works perfectly on Ubuntu Touch and Ubuntu desktop.
An Ubuntu user, Sorin Popescu, shared a video of Flashback in action and it looks amazing. The menus, the text, and everything else seems to blend perfectly, no matter what screen format is used. You can see why it's called a next-gen Ubuntu app.
Nothing can stop her on her quest for equality!
--------------------------So yeah, super late vector for the episode...as per tradition on every premiereThis was an idea i had two days ago at 4 am in the morning reading people on skype talking about the episode while watching a youtube video on my tablet and having to pause every ten seconds to read ( yeah, i get pretty weird when i'm sleepy) so i made this from scratch as fast as i could ( which means at a snail's pace ) trying to make it as show accurate as possible ( except from the background, which was made in like 3 minutes because i couldn't find a readily avaiable one ).Big thanks to my friendfor his help on making the joke clear...it was so obscure before i was about to drop this one so yeah, if you enjoy this, a good part of the merit goes to himOne last thing, just to reiterate. This is obviously not a screenshot nor did i trace from the show to make this. I know it should be fairly obvious but i prefer to be safe No bounds source file
A Peek At Brain Connections May Reveal Attention Deficits
Enlarge this image toggle caption iStockphoto iStockphoto
A look at the brain's wiring can often reveal whether a person has trouble staying focused, and even whether he or she has attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, known as ADHD.
A team led by researchers at Yale University reports that they were able to identify many children and adolescents with ADHD by studying data on the strength of certain connections in their brains.
"There's an intrinsic signature," says Monica Rosenberg, a graduate student and lead author of the study in Nature Neuroscience. But the approach isn't ready for use as a diagnostic tool yet, she says.
The finding adds to the evidence that people with ADHD have a true brain disorder, not just a behavioral problem, says Mark Mahone, director of neuropsychology at the Kennedy Krieger Institute in Baltimore. "There are measurable ways that their brains are different," he says.
The latest finding came from an effort to learn more about brain connections associated with attention.
Initially, the Yale team used functional MRI, a form of magnetic resonance imaging, to monitor the brains of 25 typical people while they did something really boring. Their task was to watch a screen that showed black-and-white images of cities or mountains and press a button only when they saw a city.
"It gets really dull after a while," Rosenberg says, "so it's really hard to pay attention to over a long period of time."
During the test, the team measured the strength of thousands of connections throughout the participants' brains. And they were able to identify certain patterns that predicted a person's ability to stay focused.
What's more, these connection patterns were present even when the person wasn't trying to keep track of cities and mountains, or anything else, Rosenberg says. "We could actually look at that signature while they were resting and we could still predict their attention," she says.
The team wanted to know whether this signature could be used to assess younger people, especially those with ADHD. So they reviewed data on 113 children and adolescents whose brains had been scanned by scientists in China as part of an unrelated study. The children had also been assessed for ADHD.
The team used the information about brain connections to predict how well each child would do on the attention task with cities and mountains.
"And what we found was really surprising, and I think really cool," Rosenberg says. "When we predicted that a child would do really well on the task, they had a low ADHD score. And when we predicted they would do really poorly on the task, they had a high ADHD score, indicating that they had a severe attention deficit."
For many of the children, the researchers were able to predict not only whether they had ADHD, but how severe the problem was.
The test isn't perfect but does provide useful information, Rosenberg says. Eventually, she says, it might help psychologists and psychiatrists assess children with attention problems.
One potential limitation of the approach is that attention deficits aren't found only in people with ADHD, says Mahone. Individuals with anxiety, depression, learning disabilities and autism also have trouble staying focused, he says.
Regardless of the diagnosis, though, Mahone says, "knowing how the brain is different in a disorder, we can look at ways to help 'normalize' the brain."
The Davenport Area
Flying into the Quad Cities? Our hotel is a short six-minute drive from MLI. Just claim your bags and be at our front door within minutes. Regardless of whether you're in town for business or vacation, our hotel is outfitted with fantastic amenities and large rooms, all in an ideal location. Plan your next social or business gathering in our meeting facilities, which boast more than 3,000 square feet of space to take care of your gathering's needs. Take a dip any day of the year in the heated indoor swimming pool, or workout in the fitness center. Stay connected through our business center, and start your morning off the right way with a free Bright Side Breakfast®, including fresh fruit, waffles, muffins, cereals, and all-you-can-drink coffee and juice.
We are pleasantly situated only six miles from Quad City International Airport and right off Interstate 74 for ultimate convenience. If you'll be visiting the nearby cities of Bettendorf, Davenport, Moline & Rock Island; consider staying at the La Quinta Inn Davenport. Our hotel is the perfect home base for discovering the region. The Quad Cities area offers a wide abundance of attractions and activities like the downtown area known for its fantastic dining, artisanal specialty shops, three area universities and colleges, and great art museums for the young and old. For those craving a vibrant night out, Iowa Casinos are only four miles from our front door. History buffs will love our close proximity to the Rock Island Arsenal, a great historical glimpse into the area's past. All of these area attractions and activities await just a short distance from our hotel.
International size conversion charts for clothes (women and men clothing), underwear and shoes help you pick the right size while shopping online in China.
Clothing
Woman Clothes (Jacket, skirt, shirt, coat, suit )
Standard Size details China 160-165
/84-86 165-170
/88-90 167-172
/92-96 168-173
/98-102 170-176
/106-110 International XS S M L XL USA 2 4-6 8-10 12-14 16-18 Europe 34 34-36 38-40 42 44
Man Clothes ( Jacket, t-shirt, suit )
Standard Size details China 165/88-90 170/96-98 175/108-110 180/118-122 185/126-130 International S M L XL XXL
Man Clothes ( Shirt )
Standard Size details China 36-37 38-39 40-42 43-44 45-47 International S M L XL XXL
Man Clothes ( Pants )
Standard Size details China 42 44 46 48 50 Waist 68-72 cm 71-76 cm 75-80 cm 79-84 cm 83-88 cm Length 99 cm 101.5 cm 104 cm 106.5 cm 109 cm
Underwear Size
Women Bra ( under bust size )
Standard Size details China 76.2 81.3 86.4 91.5 96.5 101.6 106.7 112 117 122 127 132 137 142+ USA 30 32 34 36 38 40 42 44 46 48 50 52 54 56 UK 30 32 34 36 38 40 42 44 46 48 50 52 54 56 Europe 70 75 80 85 90 France 85 90 95 100 105 Italy 1 2 3 4 5
Women Bra (cup size)
Standard Size details China A B C D E USA AA A B C D DD DDD/E F FF G GG H HH J UK AA A B C D DD E F FF G GG H HH J Europe AA A B C D E F France AA A B C D E F Italy B B or 0 C D DD E F
Women Underwear Size
Standard Size details China S M L XL XXL XXXL International XS S M L XL XXL XXXL USA 2 4 6 8 10 12 14 UK 6 8 10 12 14 16 18 Europe 32 34 36 38 40 42 44 France 34 36 38 40 42 44 46 Italy 38 40 42 44 46 48 50
Men Underwear Size
Standard Size details China 72-76 76-81 81-87 87-93 93-98 International S M L XL XXL USA (inches) 28-30 30-32 32-34 34-38 38-42
Shoes Size
Woman shoes
Foot length (cm) 22.5 23 23.5 24 24.5 25 25.5 26 China 35 36 37 38 39 39 40 40 US 5 5.5 6 6.5 7 7.5 8 8.5 UK 4 4.5 5 5.5 6 6.5 7 7.5 Europe (EU) 35 36 37 38 39 39 40 40
Man shoes
JetBlue captain: 'They're going to take us down'
Passenger: JetBlue pilot diverts flight to Texas after captain unruly, yells 'bomb'
JetBlue flight diverted after captain's 'erratic' behavior
Published On: Mar 27 2012 04:05:07 PM CDT Updated On: Mar 27 2012 04:38:04 PM CDTAMARILLO, Texas - A JetBlue captain who screamed that Iraq or Afghanistan had planted a bomb on a Las Vegas-bound flight was locked out of the cockpit, tackled and restrained by passengers Tuesday, passengers said.The captain of Flight 191 from New York JFK International Airport had a "medical situation" and that the pilot, who subsequently took command of the aircraft, elected to land in Amarillo, Texas about 10 a.m., JetBlue Airways said in a statement.Josh Redick, a passenger sitting near the middle of the plane, said the pilot "stormed out" of the cockpit.Tony Antolino, a 40-year-old executive for a security firm, said the captain walked to the back of the plane, that he seemed disoriented and agitated, then began yelling about an unspecified threat linked to Iran, Iraq and Afghanistan."They're going to take us down, they're taking us down, they're going to take us down. Say the Lord's prayer, say the Lord's prayer," the captain screamed, according to Antolino.More: http://www.click2houston.com/news/JetBlue-captain-They-re-going-to-take-us-down/-/1735978/9722170/-/11mnx9q/-/ By the CNN Wire StaffMarch 27, 2012 -- Updated 2226 GMT (0626 HKT)(CNN) -- A JetBlue flight from New York to Las Vegas was diverted to Amarillo, Texas, on Tuesday after the captain "exhibited erratic behavior" and was locked out of the cockpit, authorities said.The plane's co-pilot, concerned by the behavior, locked the door behind the captain when he left the cockpit during the flight, according to the Federal Aviation Administration.Passengers described to CNN what happened next."The pilot ran to the cockpit door, began banging on it and said something to the effect of, 'We've gotta pull the throttle back. We've gotta get this plane down,'" said Laurie Dhue."At that point, the two flight attendants tried to subdue him, and then seemingly out of nowhere, about six or seven large guys stormed to the front of the plane and wrestled the captain of the plane down to the ground and had him subdued in a matter of moments. It was really like something out of a movie," she said.More: http://edition.cnn.com/2012/03/27/travel/jet-blue-flight-diverted/
New York Times reporter Julie Bosman published Officer Darren Wilson's address in a report on his recent marriage.
Now Bosman is worried about her own safety and reportedly has requested A-List police protection.
The police laughed at her.
Illinois Review reported:
Julie Bosman, the Chicago-based New York Times reporter who published police officer Darren Wilson's address is “over exaggerating” her security concerns say the Chicago Police Department (CPD).
Sources inside CPD tell Got News that Bosman (photo above) demanded a level of protection afforded A-List celebs and dignitaries. But an investigation revealed that she was not in any danger, and deserved no more than extra attention paid to her address by patrol.
Bosman “wasn't under any real threat” says a Chicago police officer. “She came in thinking she was Steven Spielberg or something shooting a movie” demanding all kinds of protections says a law enforcement source with knowledge of the Chicago police. “The police laughed at her.”
The 49ers almost certainly aren't going to the playoffs, but are they going in the right direction?
That is the primary question entering the 2017 season, which comes on the heels of a three-year nightmare that included a 15-33 record, three fired head coaches and an axed general manager.
In other words, rookie head coach Kyle Shanahan and novice general manager John Lynch have some very small shoes to fill. They've earned high marks for the competence they've displayed while adding 50 players to their 90-man roster.
Now, on the horizon, with players reporting to training camp Thursday, comes the hard part: winning games — at least enough to suggest last season's 2-14 embarrassment won't be repeated any time soon.
The starting QB
Brian Hoyer's nickname is evidently The Placeholder, given the widely held belief that he's a one-year stopgap before someone with franchise-QB potential replaces him in 2018.
However, Hoyer's sneaky-good recent numbers suggest the 31-year-old could surpass the modest expectations most have for his 2017 campaign. In the past two seasons, he has had 569 pass attempts, 25 touchdown passes, seven interceptions and a 93.7 passer rating. Perspective: Washington's Kirk Cousins, his possible replacement next year, has 25 TDs, 11 INTs and a 98.0 rating in his past 569 attempts.
Hoyer, above, likely won't be a big part of the 49ers' plans in 2018, but a strong debut season at least could keep him in the conversation as a legitimate if-all-else-fails option.
Bowman's status
Will NaVorro Bowman, an erstwhile first-team All-Pro, become a second-string linebacker?
That seemingly remote possibility exists after the 49ers invested heavily in two other inside linebackers — first-round pick Reuben Foster and free-agent Malcolm Smith ($11 million guaranteed in contract) — while denying a report that Bowman was placed on the trade block.
Both head coach Kyle Shanahan and general manager John Lynch have stated Bowman, who has had two major leg injuries since January 2014, will have to fight to keep his starting spot.
In May, Bowman, above, sounded unfazed by his new competition: “I won't be on the sideline,” he said. “I'm going to tell you that now.”
The Baalke-era picks
After receiving a contract extension in December from the old regime, tight end Vance McDonald, above, could receive a pink slip from the new guard.
And he wouldn't be alone: Several underwhelming draft picks from the Trent Baalke era have tenuous job security entering training camp.
The 49ers have retained 27 of the 31 Baalke picks that Lynch inherited, but defensive tackle Tank Carradine, linebacker Eli Harold and wide receiver Bruce Ellington are among the notable past selections on the roster bubble.
The poster boy for the group is McDonald, a 2013 second-round pick whom the 49ers attempted to trade during the draft.
Can Hyde stay No. 1?
After providing measured praise of Carlos Hyde, above, after their hirings, Shanahan and Lynch have provided the starter since 2015 with competition: They drafted Joe Williams, signed Tim Hightower, traded for Kapri Bibbs and brought in undrafted rookie Matt Breida.
The biggest threat to Hyde's starting spot is Williams, a 5-foot-11, 205-pounder. Shanahan and running backs coach Bobby Turner lobbied hard for Williams, who was kicked off the team at Connecticut, briefly left the team at Utah, and eventually convinced Lynch to place him on the 49ers' draft board and trade up for him in the fourth round.
Williams' one-cut running style is viewed as a better fit in Shanahan's outside-zone scheme. Hyde flourished at Ohio State and had a career-best 988 yards last season in a shotgun-based, zone-read scheme.
The No. 3 pick
For starters, defensive tackle Solomon Thomas, above, has to sign his contract: The No. 3 overall pick from Stanford is one of three first-rounders who remains unsigned.
Once that happens, Thomas can start playing catch-up. Thomas couldn't participate in an offseason practice with veterans because he needed to wait for Stanford's semester to end in mid-June. It's a similar situation that unfolded last year with guard Joshua Garnett, Thomas' college teammate, and it could have contributed to his uneven NFL debut.
Despite his missed time, Thomas, the 49ers' highest selection since Alex Smith went No. 1 overall in 2005, figures to play plenty along a defensive line that will include two other recent first-round picks: Arik Armstead (2015) and DeForest Buckner (2016).
Eric Branch is an S.F. Chronicle staff writer. Email: ebranch@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @Eric_Branch
When Zina Haughton, 42, got a restraining order against her husband, Radcliffe, last October — she told a court that his threats “terrorize my every waking moment” — he became ineligible to buy a gun under federal law. But he found a way around that: he bought a gun from a private seller he found on the Internet who, unlike federally licensed dealers, was not legally required to check his background.
That is how Mr. Haughton was able to buy a handgun for $500 in the parking lot of a McDonald's that he took with him on Oct. 21 to the spa in a suburb of Milwaukee where his wife worked. There, Mr. Haughton opened fire at the spa's pedicure station, law enforcement officials said, and kept shooting until he had killed his wife and two women she worked with and injured four other women. He then killed himself.
Cases like the Wisconsin spa shooting are at the heart of the debate raging in Washington over whether to expand background checks for all gun purchases — a proposal the Senate plans to take up on Thursday. Ms. Haughton's brother, Elvin Daniel, a hunter who belongs to the National Rifle Association, has traveled to Washington to call for expanded background checks. “I feel that had there been a background check, had that been in place, my sister would still be with us today,” he said Wednesday.
MOSCOW — He arrived at the meeting with two wigs — the blond one on his head held in place by a baseball cap, a brown one in his knapsack, which also held a compass, a Moscow street atlas and $130,000 in cash. He was an operative for the Central Intelligence Agency, Russian officials say, and his goal was to recruit a Russian security officer as a spy.
He even carried a letter offering “up to $1 million a year for long-term cooperation” and signed affectionately, “Your friends.”
On Tuesday, the American, identified as Ryan C. Fogle, who had been officially posted in Russia as the third secretary of the political department of the United States Embassy, was ordered to leave the country by the Russian government, which officially declared him “persona non grata.”
In a move that appeared to be as much stagecraft as spycraft, the Russian Federal Security Service, the F.S.B., took the unusual step of releasing a video showing the arrest of Mr. Fogle, including him face down on a street as a Russian agent pinned his hands behind his back.
14th October 2016
The scheduling under the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs assumes a scientific justification. However, cannabis and cannabis resin have never been evaluated by the World Health Organisation (WHO) since it was mandated the review of psychoactive substances in 1948. The last evaluation for the international substance control conventions were therefore when the League of Nations evaluated them in 1924 and 1935.
In 80 years since that decision, both the social context of cannabis use and the science of drug dependence have dramatically changed. Yet, because there has never been a formal review, both herbal cannabis and cannabis resin continue to remain under the strictest drug control regime possible. As a result, in the absence of a recent scientific assessment, the continued prohibition of cannabis is completely illegitimate even though it may be legal.
With this wide ranging report (discussing topics from its effects on cognition and learning to mental health and therapeutic benefits), DrugScience enhances the ability of the WHO and its Expert Committee on Drug Dependence (ECDD) in fulfilling its international obligations and enables the Expert Committee to arrive at an independent and scientific recommendation whether a Critical Review is warranted or not.
The report does not come to conclusions on scheduling of cannabis in the international drug control conventions, as this is the prerogative of the ECDD.
Committee recommendations are needed on the following topics:
1. Whether a Critical Review should be conducted for reviewing the current scheduling in Schedules I and IV. Each of the following reasons would justify a recommendation for a Critical Review:
a. because WHO has never conducted a Critical Review, meaning that there is no scientific justification for the current scheduling;
b. because the wide-spread medical use, including the use of preparations with a marketing authorization is in contradiction to listing in Schedule IV;
c. because it is not clear whether the dependence-producing properties of cannabis and cannabis resin are between codeine and morphine (justification for Schedule I) or between dextropropoxyphene and codeine (justification for Schedule II) or below those of dextropropoxyphene (justification for not scheduling).
2. On the medical use of cannabis and its preparations (which can include revoking old recommendations by the Committee)
3. On the need of quality control on cannabis and cannabis products for medical and non-medical use.
This report was prepared by DrugScience in anticipation of the DrugScience presentation to the WHO ECDD 2016. It was not commissioned by the ECDD Secretariat or WHO. The authors alone are responsible for the views expressed in this report and they do not necessarily represent the decisions, policy, or views of the ECDD Secretariat or the WHO.
Update - 30/11/2016
This is an expert from the Report of the 38th Expert Committee on Drug Dependence:
At the 37th ECDD meeting the Committee requested that Secretariat begins collecting data towards a pre-review of cannabis, cannabis resin, extracts and tinctures of cannabis at a future meeting. Consistent with this request, two updates on the scientific literature on cannabis were prepared and subsequently presented to the Expert Committee. Following its deliberations the Committee noted that the current Schedule I of the 1961 Convention groups together cannabis and cannabis resin, extracts and tinctures of cannabis. Cannabis plant and cannabis resin are also in Schedule IV of the 1961 Convention. The Committee further noted that there are natural and synthetic cannabinoids in Schedule I and Schedule II of the 1971 Convention. The committee recognized:
An increase in the use of cannabis and its components for medical purposes
The emergence of new cannabis-related pharmaceutical preparations for therapeutic use
Cannabis has never been subject to a formal pre-review or critical review by the ECDD.
The Committee requested that the Secretariat prepare relevant documentation in accordance with the Guidance on the WHO review of psychoactive substances for international control in order to conduct pre-reviews for the following substances:
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
OF THE nine statewide measures on the ballot next month in California, and the more than 100 throughout America, probably the most famous—or infamous, according to some—is Proposition 19, which legalises marijuana. According to the polls, it might just pass.
The proposition has a chance of winning mainly because Californians have become rather relaxed about weed. Back in 1972 a proposition to legalise the drug was defeated almost two-to-one. These days, fully half of Californians tell pollsters they favour legalisation, and almost as many admit to having smoked marijuana themselves, which probably means that a big majority have actually done so. In parts of the state, enjoying an occasional doobie is nowadays considered little different from sipping a Pinot Noir.
Proposition 19, which would allow adults to grow, own and consume a bit of cannabis for personal pleasure, would thus remove any remaining hypocrisy. Indulging is already unlikely to lead to prison in California—a recently-passed law will, from next year, treat limited possession as an infraction, the equivalent of a speeding ticket. Using cannabis for medicinal purposes (a doctor's “recommendation”, rather than a prescription, will suffice) has been legal since 1997.
To persuade those who do not accept the libertarian argument for legalisation, supporters have emphasised two other lines of reasoning. One is financial. Proposition 19 would also allow California's county and municipal governments to decide whether to regulate and tax the commercial production and sale (of no more than an ounce, or 28g, at a time however) of marijuana. Counties that choose to do this would reap handsome new revenues, goes the argument.
The other argument has to do with the violence in Mexico (see article). Legal and home-grown Californian cannabis might displace the illegal stuff smuggled across the Mexican border, reducing the profits of the trafficking cartels and the horrendous violence they wreak.
According to Mexican officials, up to half the cartels' income comes from marijuana. Others, though, are more sceptical. A new study by the RAND Corporation, a non-partisan research group, reckons that the revenues that the Mexican drugs cartels get from smuggling cannabis to America probably amount to less than $2 billion a year, or between 15% and 26% of their total. This is much lower than previous estimates. And California accounts for only one seventh of that. If RAND is roughly right then if Proposition 19 merely takes one drug (cannabis) in one state (California) away from the cartels, their revenue losses would be trivial, at only around 2%-4%.
Californian weed may well become competitive in other American states; it is certain to become cheaper on legalisation, and is at least twice as potent as Mexican marijuana. But other states and the federal government are unlikely to allow large-scale domestic smuggling to replace the international sort.
So the immediate benefits that will accrue from California legalising by itself will not be as great as some Proposition 19 people claim. But that does not undercut the general case for legalisation. On the contrary. As Rand suggests, if both Mexico and America as a whole were to legalise marijuana, the economics of the trafficking cartels would take a serious hit. That, though, is very far from happening—at least for now.
It looks like center Vladdy Namestnikov's time with the Syracuse Crunch could be over.
Tampa Bay coach Jon Cooper told reporters Saturday that the Crunch star will remain with the Lightning even when that team returns to full health.
#TBLightning Cooper said @Vladdy18 is staying up with them rest of season. "He's part of our team." — Joe Smith (@TBTimes_JSmith) March 28, 2015
Morrow a game one decision but Cooper said once Morrow is healthy they plan on keeping Namestnikov on a regular recall — Erik Erlendsson (@erlendssonTBO) March 28, 2015
Namestnikov had been in Tampa Bay since his emergency recall on March 5. NHL teams can use emergency recalls to fill in for injured players, but once those injured players return the recalls must go back to the AHL.
Tampa Bay can retain Namestnikov by using a regular recall. Teams are allowed four regular recalls from the NHL trade deadline through the end of the playoffs. By keeping Namestnikov, Tampa Bay will have used three of these such moves.
Namestnikov, a third-year-pro, has 14 goals and 21 helpers in 34 games with the Crunch this season.
The good news for Syracuse is that he is eligible to return to the team in the playoffs, but that would likely only occur if the Lightning is eliminated before Syracuse. Even in that scenario, there's no guarantee Tampa Bay would choose to send him down.
Contact Lindsay Kramer anytime: Email | Twitter | 315-470-2151
Ed Miliband has revealed he held “surreptitious conversations” with Sir Vince Cable while he leader of the Opposition.
Miliband today also gave his support to electoral reform as a way of “reconstructing our faith in politics”, following an anti-politics mood among voters that led to June's Brexit outcome.
The talks between Miliband and Cable, which occurred during the last parliament when the latter was Lib Dem Business Secretary, were highlighted when they took part in a discussion at the New Economics Foundation conference.
Miliband admitted the pair had taken part in “various surreptitious conversation over the last few years”, while Cable – also a former Labour councillor – said that progressives “should try and break through the traditional tribal divisions”.
The Doncaster North MP argued that major reforms of the political system are necessary in order to regain the trust of voters.
“What was the Brexit coalition? What was the uniting factor of the Brexit coalition? Part of it was an anti-politics identification,” Miliband said, adding that supporting “political reform is becoming a litmus test of whether you are serious about solving the issues that mainstream politics faces”.
“Political reform is the essential part of reconstructing our democracy and reconstructing our faith in politics. Electoral reform, but also beyond that, where power lies”, he said.
While he admitted that voters had never demanded “we need the additional member system” during doorstep conversations, he said it is only through major reforms that people will start to feel part of politics once again. Miliband said that the two main arguments the left need to make are for “a radical assault on economic inequality and big political reform.”
“We have to offer that as an alternative to what Theresa May is offering,” he said, arguing that the British public have not shifted to the right, calling the current situation a “paradox”: “On some issues the country has moved the left, on some issues the country has moved to the right.”
But Miliband also warned that for Labour to “surmount” the “politics of identity” and “find a new coalition” of support to take it into government, it needs to ensure that “the scale of cultural change in the party is going to match the increase in membership”. He made a case for the party more boldly embracing community organising, and namechecked Arnie Graf, who has been influential on the subject.
Welcome to our builders' diary!
Devy and I are building a Cruisette, a Glen-L Marine design. The basics are pretty straightforward: it's a 15-foot outboard-powered wooden boat. The plans are developed for plywood over conventional framing, making for a light, strong boat that should be relatively easy to build. The plans call for a 'cutty' cabin (basically a place to sit or sleep and not much else), and that is one of the attractions. I'll use this instead of a tent when I go on the occasional fishing trip with 'the guys' and it will serve as emergency shelter if it should happen that we get caught by a storm away from our cabin at Prairie Lake Regional Park (approximately centered in this map; zoom out to get a sense of size for Lake Diefenbaker). However, the main reason that I selected a cabin cruiser is to make it possible for Devy to come boating more often. Her rosacea makes her very sensitive to heat, sun, and wind, so making a sheltered place to ride was a critical consideration.
I also feel that having a cabin dramatically improves safety in the unlikely event that we're on open water when a freak storm hits. Lake Diefenbaker has been known to toss up some pretty big waves with very little warning, but most people seem to think that 2 feet (crest to trough) is a big wave. I've taken my Merry Wherry out several times in those conditions, and in 2 years I've only once felt that the water was too rough to handle safely in that boat. A 'real' boat should be just fine, especially given that the front half will be fully enclosed. In the worst case, we should be able to race to safe harbour in relative saftey and stay overnight in relative comfort (Lake Diefenbaker has lots of safe harbours and is seldom more than 2 or 3 miles across).
As I said, the basic boat is 15 feet long, but there is an architect's note stating that lengthening by 10% to 16.5 feet is permitted through the simple expedient of increasing the frame spacing accordingly. That is but one of the customisations planned, although we're not going to get too crazy with things that affect the weight, balance, or handling. Since the architect rates the 15-footer as capable of handling a 60hp motor, I think that we'll try to go to that. Lenthening it a bit should increase the power it can take, but the performance characteristics with 50hp on 15ft sounded pretty good, so 60hp on 16.5 ft should be OK. And I don't think we can afford anything more powerful anyway :) [Update: due to the fact that the stem was pre-cut as for a 15 footer, we've had to scale back slightly to an estimated 16 feet].
We live in an apartment so we had to find a shop. Fortunately, I work for a great company, Crestline Coach Ltd., and they graciously allowed us to use a corner of one of their buildings as a shop. In addition, the R&D manager is going to help source the aluminum for the trailer--and do the welding! Crestline's main line of business is the construction of custom ambulances, most based on all-aluminum bodies designed and constructed on-site, so neither materials nor expertise will be hard to come by!
All of the Republican presidential candidates say that gay people should be prohibited from getting married. But Bryan Fischer of the American Family Association says that gay people helped bring Nazism to Germany.
The first statement is an opinion, about which reasonable people can and do disagree. But the second one is a flat-out lie, which makes reasoned dialogue and disagreement impossible.
And here's why it matters: Several of the GOP candidates have allied themselves with the AFA. Michelle Bachmann, Newt Gingrich, and Herman Cain have all appeared on Fischer's radio show. And the newest kid on the block in the Republican race, Texas Gov. Rick Perry, was the featured speaker at an AFA-sponsored prayer rally on Aug. 6 at Houston's Reliant Stadium.
But none of these GOP hopefuls have challenged Fischer, who insists that Adolf Hitler and many of his storm troopers were gay. “So it was homosexual thugs that helped Hitler to form the Nazi Party,” Fischer told a radio audience in June, adding that the Party began “in a gay bar in Munich.”
The truth is precisely the opposite, as historians such as Geoffrey Giles and William Spurlin have shown. Rather than coddling or encouraging gays, the Nazis banned homosexual activity as early as 1935. The following year, they established a “Central Office for Combating Abortion and Homosexuality.”
Like the termination of pregnancies, the Nazis maintained, homosexuality would harm the health of the “Volk”–that is, of the German people. Gays “undermine the natural will to life by propagating an aversion to marriage and the family,” one Nazi author wrote in 1938.
Other Nazis worried that gays lacked the masculine virtues to defend the nation during wartime. “The new Germany has no use for criminals and weaklings, perverts and inverts, but requires instead straightforward and sincere manly souls,” one propagandist wrote, “and so we must combat homosexuality with the means available to us–education, observation, the law, the police, and the courts.”
And so they did. Between 1933 and 1945, the Nazis arrested roughly 100,000 men as homosexuals. Most convicted gays were sent to prison; between 5,000 and 15,000 were interned in concentration camps, where they wore pink triangles to signify their supposed crime.
It gets worse. To win their release from the camps, some gays were forced to undergo castration. Others were mutilated or murdered in so-called medical experiments by Nazi doctors, who insisted that homosexuality was a disease that could be “cured.”
Were some Nazis gay, as Bryan Fischer has asserted? Well, yes: Every big lie has a small grain of truth. Hitler and his advisors especially worried about homosexuals in his “SS” paramilitary force, who would supposedly put their own lusts ahead of protecting the Fatherland.
That's why Hitler authorized an edict in 1941 prescribing the death penalty–yes, the death penalty–for SS and police members found guilty of gay activity. “One should not tolerate homosexuality,” Hitler told his aide Josef Goebbels. “The National Socialist State must be a manly state.”
Before Hitler came to power, ironically, German socialists and communists tried to demean the Nazis by suggesting they were gay. The idea was picked up by the U.S. military during World War II, when American propaganda posters showed blond Nazi soldiers winking at each other.
And today, it's mouthed by the likes of Bryan Fischer. Seventy years ago we used anti-gay prejudice to discredit Nazism. Now Fischer is trying to use our hatred of Nazism to discredit gays.
Will it work? Much of the answer rests on Fischer's friends in the Republican Party, who have thus far stayed quiet on the question. Asked about Fischer's remarks before the Aug. 6 prayer rally, a spokeswoman for Rick Perry said they “aren't relevant to the event.”
But they're deeply relevant to the event next November, when we will elect a new president. And nobody knows that better than Perry, who used the prayer rally to publicize his bid for the White House.
That's why he and the other GOP candidates need to denounce Bryan Fischer's comments for what they are: lies. The candidates have the right–indeed, the duty–to share their views on gay marriage and other contested public issues. But the gay-Nazi slur isn't merely a viewpoint or an opinion; it's a fraud. Let's see if the Republican presidential hopefuls have the courage to tell the difference.
Jonathan Zimmerman
History News Service
Jonathan Zimmerman teaches history and education at New York University. He is the author of “Small Wonder: The Little Red Schoolhouse in History and Memory” (Yale University Press).
In February 2012 we learned that activists in Iran and Syria were targeted with two different types of malicious computer software. We received a copy of each malware, and Jonathan Tomek from ThreatGRID helped with the analysis.
How you get infected
The malicious software is spread as email attachments, and as files sent via Instant Messaging and Skype. The software looks like two completely harmless files; a Microsoft PowerPoint slide show and an image file. The malicious software will silently install itself on your computer when you open one of the files.
Malicious software, such as the two copies we analyzed, is normally designed to gather sensitive information and gain unauthorized access to a computer system. The seemingly harmless PowerPoint slide show turned out to be a keylogger, while the image file was really a backdoor, providing the attacker with full access to the system.
Both the keylogger and the backdoor will transfer data to www(dot)meroo(dot)no-ip(dot)org, on port 778. This domain name used to point to a server at a government-owned telecommunications company in Syria, but was later updated to point to a Linode server in London, UK. No-IP have since pointed the domain name to an invalid IP address (0.0.0.0).
Most anti-virus software will be able to detect and remove both the keylogger and the backdoor. You may try updating your anti-virus software, running it, and using it to remove the malware if anything pops up. However, the safest course of action is to re-install the operating system on your computer.
The EFF wrote a blog post called How to Find and Protect Yourself Against the Pro-Syrian-Government Malware on Your Computer. In the post, they recommend "that you take steps to protect yourself from being infected by not running any software received through e-mail, not installing software at all except over HTTPS, and not installing software from unfamiliar sources even if recommended by a pop-up ad or a casual recommendation from a friend.".
PowerPoint slide show: keylogger
When you first try to open the PowerPoint slide show, you will get a security warning asking if you really want to allow this file to run. The Name field points to the following executable file: C:\Program Files\Common Files\VMConvert32\wmccds.exe
If you ignore the warning and click Run, a self-extracting rar file will install the malware (the wmccds executable) onto your computer. The PowerPoint slide show will then open and you will see a series of images and some text in Farsi. The malware will not activate until you reboot your computer.
The first time you reboot, the malware will activate and start logging your keystrokes. If you are running Windows 7, you will see the same warning as mentioned above, and you have to click Run before the malware is actually activated. Older versions of Windows will not display this warning when you reboot.
The malware will modify the Windows startup script to ensure that the keylogger is always running when you are using the computer. The keylogger will affect your whole system, and it will even send the contents of your clipboard to the attacker. The Tor Browser Bundle does not protect you if you have a keylogger on your system.
Windows screen saver: backdoor
The Windows screen saver contains a type of malware that is a bit more complex than the one described above. When you run the Windows screen saver, it will start an image program and show you a picture (we saw a picture of a rifle, but that is not always the case). Meanwhile, the malicious software installs a backdoor onto your computer and opens a connection to www(dot)meroo(dot)no-ip(dot)org, using port 778.
The backdoor (1122333.exe in the Documents and Settings folder), which is similar to the DarkComet Remote Administration Tool, allows the attacker to connect to your computer and do anything that he or she wants, including logging keystrokes and acting as the system administrator. The malware will modify the Windows startup script to ensure that the connection is always open.
Let us remember what Bobby Kennedy once said, and to Canadian political leaders who so struggle for oratory amid the partisan slugfest that is any election, Kennedy said these things while in mid-campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination.
It was April 5, 1968, two short months before Kennedy, like his brother JFK before him, was assassinated.
It was the day after the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr., and the day after Kennedy, then speaking to a predominantly black audience in Indianapolis, had broken the terrible news to the crowd in such a remarkable way that his remarks are sometimes called the speech that saved Indianapolis.
Now, he was at the Cleveland City Club.
Kennedy was brief.
He began with this: “This is a time of shame and sorrow. It is not a day for politics.” He condemned the violence that had seen King killed, but also what he called “the violence of institutions; indifference and inaction and slow decay.” He rued the fear he saw.
Then he said: “Yet we know what we must do. It is to achieve true justice among our fellow citizens.”
He finished with, in part, the following: “But we can perhaps remember — even if only for a time — that those who live with us are our brothers, that they share with us the same short moment of life, that they seek, as do we, nothing but the chance to live out their lives in purpose and in happiness … surely we can begin to work a little harder to bind up the wounds among us…”
Well, this also is a time of shame and sorrow, we too know what we must do, and it's throw open the gates of this magnificent country to our suffering Syrian brothers. We should get as many Syrians here as want to come, as many as we can bring.
I'm not naïve.
There is a shadow over people from this part of the world. They hail from a country where oppression, violence, jihad and war are now a way of life. Some — a few — might actually pose security threats, and in ordinary times, they might not pass Canada's screening.
Yet I believe there's little to fear from the Syrians.
I have sufficient confidence in them to believe that once they are safe, not fighting for life every minute of every day, they will be grateful, embrace the freedom that peace allows and will be good citizens.
I also have sufficient confidence in my countrymen to think that we will make them feel welcome and won't look upon them with suspicion.
There will be a few among them, of course, who are already irredeemably stunted by where they live or what they've endured. There's always some who arrive, beyond help. So it has been with almost every group of refugees fleeing war and chaos — Ugandan Asians in the 1970s, Somalis in the late 1980s to mid-1990s — who have arrived en masse in Canada in my lifetime.
As a young reporter for the Toronto Star, I flew to Kuala Lumpur years ago to cover the first big group of Vietnamese boat people's journey to Canada.
About a decade later, my ex and I were living on Ossington Avenue, in Toronto's west end, when it was known as Little Saigon for the plethora of Vietnamese cafes in a several-block strip.
The one adjacent to our place didn't serve only coffee and tea, but also hookers and heroin. We sold it after someone fired a bullet through the storefront window that was my ex's studio. We presumed it was a sign of disapproval for our regularly calling police.
I mention this only as some evidence that I'm not pretending that accepting a whackload of desperate, broken Syrians will be easy, or that all of them will make a smooth transition, or that all of us will be lovely and accepting.
But, my God, read Death Everywhere, the May 2015 report of Amnesty International on war crimes in just one Syrian city, Aleppo.
One of the world's ancient cities, Aleppo's residents remained mostly uninvolved when protests against Bashar Assad's brutal government began in 2011.
Now, Amnesty says, there are at least 18 non-state armed groups, including ISIL, operating in or near Aleppo, and though all sides are cheerfully breaking every humanitarian law on the books, the report is clear that “government forces have been responsible for the large majority of violations and crimes.”
What began with state crackdowns on peaceful protests has morphed into torture, sanctioned executions and what's called “collective punishment” of civilians through merciless bombardment via prohibited weapons — “barrel bombs,” the giant flying IEDs, or improvised explosive devices, which are packed with metal and nails and sometimes chlorine gas, dropped on the places where people gather from helicopters.
In the 14 months ending March, Amnesty says, Assad's forces used barrel bombs or their like in Aleppo on at least 14 public markets, 12 transport hubs, 23 mosques, 17 hospitals and three schools.
Of course the U.S.-led coalition in Syria — of which Canada's military is a tiny part — should be expanded. In my view, we should be fighting Assad too, and face the unhappy fact that this will require lots of boots on the ground.
But until then, let's get on with binding up the wounds on the planet we so imperfectly share.
"Behold the handmaid of the Lord; be it unto me according to thy word"
(St. Luke 1:38)
During the Holy Divine Liturgy the Priest exclaims in prayer: "Remembering our most holy, pure, blessed and glorious Lady, the Theotokos and ever-virgin Mary, with all the saints, let us commit ourselves and one another and our whole life to Christ our God". The response by the people is: "To Thee, O Lord".
Many people have e-mailed me about the teachings of the Most Holy Ever-Virgin Mary Mother of God, from an Eastern Orthodox point of view. The Ever-Virgin Mary (Aeiparthenos), the Most Holy Theotokos or the Birthgiver of God, and finally also called the Panaghia (All Holy Lady). Without a doubt, the event of Christ our Lord and Savior is the central focus of our history of salvation. These events of the life Christ our Lord and true God is fully understood also by those who have experienced its awesome reality.
In our Eastern Orthodox faith we turn fervently to the most beloved
Mother of our Savior Jesus Christ, asking her to pray for us, but only in the since of intercession on our humble behalf. We of course too look to the holy apostles, saints, the martyrs and the holy prophets whom we often ask to humbly pray for us sinners, just as we ask one another for prayers.
We need to fully understand that in order to know the Mother of God, we must look to both Holy Tradition, and to Holy Scripture, as well as to the teachings of the holy Fathers of our Church, in addition to the results of the teachings of the Ecumenical Councils, that fully and spiritually give the Eastern Orthodox Christians an understanding and as well spiritual guidelines in knowing the Ever-Virgin Mary.
It's impossible to speak of the Most Holy Theotokos without fully understanding the teachings of our Holy Fathers of the Church. To as well neglect the results of the Ecumenical Councils, and these teachings are available, is too only to confuse ourselves as we then forget the theological aspects of the life of the Ever-Virgin Mary, the role she humbly offered in the life of the early Church which has been well explored and depicted.
iconography of the At the same time we must look closer to the Liturgical life of the Church as to the hymns (hymnography) offered to the Mother of God, we begin to realize spiritually that the Most Holy Theotokos is much loved by the Church. We can also piously note theiconography of the
Panaghia in which we have so many different icons. When we gaze at the holy icons of the Theotokos we note a woman who also wears a modest expression and whose body gestures toward Christ, who in every way attempts to direct the attention of others towards Christ: her eyes on Him, her hands pointing to Him, her head bowed toward Him.
Very seldom we might note that we do not see the Ever-Virgin Mary without the Christ Child, but in some Orthodox iconography we notice the Theotokos in such as the icon of the "Joy Of All Who Sorrow", and the "Protection Of The Mother Of God". Finally we have learned that the Mother of God prayed during the lifetime of Christ our Lord, and we have accounts even from several holy Fathers of the Church that the Mother of God prayed on a daily basis, after the Holy Ascension of our Lord, as the Ever-Virgin Mary, continued spiritually to pray and others joined with her on a daily basis. Most Holy Mother Of God, Save Us!
Question: Why do you pray to the Mother of God?
Answer "I exhort therefore, that, first of all, supplications, and giving of thanks, be made for all men... I will therefore, that men pray everywhere" (I Timothy 2:1,8). We turn readily to our friends and neighbors to ask for their prayers in our time of need; are not those in heaven even more our friends than those on earth? Why should they not intercede for us also before the throne of God? : Since Jesus Christ died on the Cross and rose from the dead, conquering death for us, there is no reason why we cannot ask those in heaven to pray for us just as we ask those still living on earth for their prayers. After all, in Christ all are alive. Therefore we ask the Ever-Virgin Mary to pray to her Son for us, just as we also ask the angels, the saints, and all the faithful believers here on earth to pray on our behalf, as Scripture commands us to do:"I exhort therefore, that, first of all, supplications, and giving of thanks, be made for all men... I will therefore, that men pray everywhere"(I Timothy 2:1,8). We turn readily to our friends and neighbors to ask for their prayers in our time of need; are not those in heaven even more our friends than those on earth? Why should they not intercede for us also before the throne of God?
Question: Why do Orthodox Christians call the Virgin Mary "Mother of God"? This term seems to imply that God is not the the creator and origin of all things.
Answer: "And whence is this to me, that the Mother of my Lord should come to me" (St. Luke 1:43). Who is this "Lord" of which Elizabeth speaks? It is Christ, the Lord God. For this reason we say, correctly, that the Virgin Mary is the Mother of God. She is not the Mother of God the Father, but the Mother of God the Son, who was begotten by the Father before all ages, and took flesh from the Virgin Mary. We call the Holy Virgin Mary the Mother of God (from the Greek, Theotokos: literally, the "Birthgiver of God") because it is Scriptural: the righteous Elizabeth addressed the Virgin with these words:"And whence is this to me, that the Mother of my Lord should come to me"(St. Luke 1:43). Who is this "Lord" of which Elizabeth speaks? It is Christ, the Lord God. For this reason we say, correctly, that the Virgin Mary is the Mother of God. She is not the Mother of God the Father, but the Mother of God the Son, who was begotten by the Father before all ages, and took flesh from the Virgin Mary.
Question: Why do Orthodox Christians give so much honor to the Mother of God?
Answer: "Hail, thou that art highly favored, the Lord is with thee: blessed art thou among women" (St. Luke 1:28). We honor her because Jesus Christ Himself honored her on several occasions recorded in Scripture. He fulfilled her requests and also gave her special thought even while He was dying on the cross (St. Luke 2:51; St. John 2:3-9; St. John 19: 26-27). Even before Christ was born, she was honored by heaven when the Archangel Gabriel appeared and said to her:"Hail, thou that art highly favored, the Lord is with thee: blessed art thou among women"(St. Luke 1:28).
"henceforth all generations shall call me blessed" (St. Luke 1:48), because from her womb came froth God in the flesh. This means that all who believe in Christ and in the Bible must give special honor and veneration to the one that is "blessed among women." It is not enough to merely give attention to her at Christmas-time, when she appears in the manger scenes of western Christian churches. No, this "highly favored one" must occupy a very special place in the hearts of those that follow her Son, just as she did among the first Christians. Holy Scripture further proclaims of her that"henceforth all generations shall call me blessed"(St. Luke 1:48), because from her womb came froth God in the flesh. This means that all who believe in Christ and in the Bible must give special honor and veneration to the one that is "blessed among women." It is not enough to merely give attention to her at Christmas-time, when she appears in the manger scenes of western Christian churches. No, this "highly favored one" must occupy a very special place in the hearts of those that follow her Son, just as she did among the first Christians.
Question: Didn't our Lord, during His earthly life, sometimes place His mother (and His other kinsmen) in a decidedly secondary position, emphasizing spiritual virtues over kinship according to the flesh?
Answer: No one who accepts the Gospel can believe that our Lord was in any way lacking respect for His mother. And seeming disrespect on His part can only be due to a faulty, superficial interpretation of Scripture, due sometimes to understandably imperfect translations into modern languages.
"They have no wine," and our Lord replies: "Women, what have I done to with thee?" (St. John 2:4) -one must understand that although the word "woman" might sound disrespectful in modern English, it was not so in the ancient East; it is the very word our Lord used to address His mother as He was dying on the Cross and entrusted her to His beloved disciple (St. John 19:26). His words to her at the marriage feast in no way indicate disrespect, but only emphasize the importance to the miracle which was to follow (the changing of water into wine) -a miracle which He indeed performed at her request. When, for example, at the marriage of Cana, His mother tells Him:"They have no wine,"and our Lord replies:"Women, what have I done to with thee?"(St. John 2:4) -one must understand that although the word "woman" might sound disrespectful in modern English, it was not so in the ancient East; it is the very word our Lord used to address His mother as He was dying on the Cross and entrusted her to His beloved disciple (St. John 19:26). His words to her at the marriage feast in no way indicate disrespect, but only emphasize the importance to the miracle which was to follow (the changing of water into wine) -a miracle which He indeed performed at her request.
"Yea, rather, blessed are they that hear the word of God, and keep it" (St. Luke 11:28), He is clearly raising the minds of His listeners to a higher degree of veneration for His mother: she is blessed not only for hearing Him in the flesh, but even more for being who "hears the word of God and keeps it." When our Lord extends the concept of spiritual kinship to all those who "do the will of God," (St. Mark 3:34) He does not deny such a higher kinship to His own family; we know of several of His kinsmen who were Apostles (James, Jude, Simon), and especially "blessed" in this spiritual kinship, of course, was His own mother, of whom alone does the Scriptures say that "all generations shall call me blessed" (St. Luke 1:48). Again, when a certain woman praises His mother for being the one who bore Him, and our Lord says,"Yea, rather, blessed are they that hear the word of God, and keep it"(St. Luke 11:28), He is clearly raising the minds of His listeners to a higher degree of veneration for His mother: she is blessed not only for hearing Him in the flesh, but even more for being who "hears the word of God and keeps it."
Question: Yet in your church services I have heard Orthodox Christians call on the Mother of God to "save" them. How can she "save" anyone, since Christ is the only Savior?
Answer: (I Corinthians 9:22). St. Paul was not claiming to usurp Christ as the Savior; he merely wanted to help and strengthen others on the path to salvation. It is in this sense that we Orthodox Christians say, "Most Holy Mother of God, save us"-that is, "Please help us toward salvation by your prayers." We believe that there is only one Lord God and Savior of mankind, Jesus Christ, no one is equal to Him, and no one but Him can save mankind. We do not turn to Mary, the Mother of Christ our God and Savior, and we certainly do not put her on the same level as her son, but we turn to her as to one who helps us by her prayers, just as St. Paul himself said that he had become all things to all men, "that I might by all means and in any way save them"(I Corinthians 9:22). St. Paul was not claiming to usurp Christ as the Savior; he merely wanted to help and strengthen others on the path to salvation. It is in this sense that we Orthodox Christians say,"Most Holy Mother of God, save us"-that is,"Please help us toward salvation by your prayers."
Source: Based upon the Missionary Handbook Series, "On Questions of the Orthodox Christian Faith Disputed by Sectarians", by Father Deacon J. Smolin, serialized in Orthodox Life, Holy Trinity Monastery, Jordanville, N.Y. http://www.serfes.org/orthodox/questions.htm
Now playing: Watch this: Google to release its own phone, report says
Google is reportedly planning to go head to head with Apple and the iPhone by releasing its own phone in 2016.
The tech titan is currently in negotiations with mobile operators about releasing the device later this year, the Telegraph reported Monday, citing "sources familiar with the discussions."
Releasing a non-Nexus, Google-branded phone would put the company in direct competition with Apple on the hardware front for the first time. Between them, the two companies dominate the smartphone world with Android and iOS software featuring on the majority of mobile devices sold worldwide.
Google is responsible for a number of hit phones that have been sold under the Nexus brand -- the most recent being the Nexus 5X and 6P -- but these have always been built in collaboration with major Android phone manufacturers such as Huawei, LG and HTC. Google will continue to partner with other companies and is also known to be working on Project Ara, a separate, modular smartphone project not due for release until 2017.
Google did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Hallowe'en is almost upon us, so now's the time to start mixing toxic chemicals and getting ready to play some pranks on neighbours. Or maybe not.
Gizmodo had a few ideas, including spiking drinks with methylene blue and mixing match heads and ammonia to make a sprayable stink bomb! Methylene blue turns some people's urine bluey-green (hilarious) but it also interferes with some prescription meds and could cause serious damage to the central nervous system in some people (not so hilarious). It's not really a good idea to spike anyone's drink with the stuff or indeed with any chemicals, drugs, whatever.
Spraying a mixture of ammonia and match heads around with a water pistol also seems to be a rather stupid idea and Hull University chemist Mark Lorch has an interesting response to the Gizmodo article.
I have written to the Royal Society of Chemistry regarding this matter and await their response. I think Gizmodo needs to offer a formal warning regarding their article.
I remember not being “allowed” by the publisher's lawyers to include a copper sulfate crystal garden experiment in a kids' science publication I worked on back in the early 1990s because it's not an entirely safe chemical if ingested. I wasn't even suggesting that the junior experimenters ingested their crystals, but you do have to be extremely cautious.
Techie websites dipping into the science realm ought to take more care in what they offer up as ideas to lay readers.
The same author mentioned an earlier article on the same site listing various rather hazardous pranks that one should not do and proclaiming via Twitter that it had received 350,000 reads. That's a lot of people who might misinterpret or abuse the advice. Among the pranks on that page he says we shouldn't do are mixing two different types of household cleaner, making a flesh-burning laser out of a Maglite is another. Yes, those are best avoided…we could go on…
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump leads Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton by 12 percentage points in a new poll released by a conservative South Carolina political management firm.
In the poll released by First Tuesday Strategies, Trump has 50 percent of South Carolina voters' support, while Clinton has 38 percent. Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson and Jill Stein registered low numbers in the poll of 775 likely voters; Johnson received 3 percent and Stein received 1 percent. Undecided voters made up the remaining 8 percent.
This poll, conducted between Aug. 30 and Sept. 1, comes the same day as a Washington Post-Survey Monkey poll of all 50 states showed Trump ahead by 7 percentage points in South Carolina and 4 percent of voters undecided when presented with all four national candidates. The Washington Post-Survey Monkey poll was conducted online, while First Tuesday Strategies' Palmetto Presidential Poll was conducted via landline phone numbers. Both polls are the first to be conducted in South Carolina independent of a political party since Nov. 2015 and the Washington Post-Survey Monkey poll is the first poll independent of any politically-adjacent group.
These results indicate a widening gap between Clinton and Trump in traditionally Republican-voting South Carolina. If Trump were to win by 12 percentage points in South Carolina, he would exceed the 11-point margin of victory that Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney had in 2012.
The race was tighter between Clinton and Trump in two recent polls commissioned by the S.C. Democratic Party. In a late August poll conducted by the Feldman Group, Trump and Clinton were tied with 39 percent of the vote each in a four-candidate field. A Public Policy Polling (PPP) poll released earlier that month showed Trump ahead by 2 percentage points, 41 percent to 39 percent, in a four-candidate field, within that poll's margin of error. S.C. Republican Party Chairman Matt Moore referred to the PPP results as "surprising" but dismissed the Feldman poll as "bogus." The S.C. Democratic Party touted the poll results as evidence the state could turn blue much sooner than anticipated.
Moore said he was confident in the Palmetto Presidential Poll results released Tuesday.
"Donald Trump and Mike Pence's campaign is clearly on a path to victory in South Carolina," Moore said. "Republicans are excited about the prospect of electing them to the White House."
The Palmetto Presidential Poll also shows both major party candidates shoring up their partisan bases in South Carolina. Trump has the support of 87 percent of South Carolina Republicans and Clinton has 94 percent of state Democrats' support. This is a 10-point jump for both candidates since last month's S.C. Democratic Party-commissioned Public Policy Polling (PPP) poll, which had Trump at 77 percent of partisan support and Clinton with 84 percent.
The new poll also shows strong support for Trump among senior citizens. The New York billionaire has a 15-point lead over Clinton, a former U.S. secretary of state, with 52 percent of people over the age of 65 choosing Trump, compared to 37 percent choosing Clinton. That lead was wider in the PPP poll, which had Trump with 58 percent of seniors' votes and Clinton with 30 percent. Trump had a 17-point lead over Clinton among male voters and a 7-point lead among female voters. Clinton had a significant advantage among African-American voters, earning 76 percent of their support, compared to Trump's 14 percent. This is a shift from the PPP poll, which showed Clinton with 80 percent of the black vote and Trump with 5 percent.
In just one season, the 22-year-old netminder played for the ECHL's Brampton Beast, the AHL's Saint John's IceCaps, at the Spengler Cup - where he helped Canada emerge as tournament champions - and in the NHL, serving as Carey Price's backup during an emergency recall in March.
Despite his strong finish, things didn't get off to a great start for the former second rounder.. Almost a year ago, Fucale's plans were temporarily derailed when he was relegated to the ECHL ranks, instead of continuing what he had started the previous season in the AHL in Newfoundland.
After taking a bit of time to process and adapt to the setback, the Rosemere native decided to roll up his sleeves and turn challenge into opportunity.
"It was definitely tough for me mentally to get sent down to Brampton, but in the end I realized the value I could take out of this as a player and as a person with the experience," admitted Fucale. "I was able to play lots of games, which is really helpful for a goalie."
Fucale spent 46 games in the crease for the Beast, putting up a 25-12-2 record and posting four shutouts.
Then came his unexpected trip to Switzerland for the Spengler Cup. It may have all happened very fast, but Fucale was able to take full advantage of the adventure.
"It was quite the experience and it's going to help me to move forward, 100 percent. After that, I was able to go straight up to the Canadiens for a few days, which was also unexpected," he recalled. "Once again, it was an invaluable experience. It's fun to get to do those kinds of things early in your career and the more of those experiences I get, the more it'll help me when I get my chance at the next level."
The puckstopper feels armed with a renewed confidence and a positive attitude after successfully overcoming all the hurdles thrown his way last year.
"It was an eventful year. I had a good playoff and I'm happy with how things went. Good things, bad things, challenges to overcome, it ran the full gamut last year," mentioned Fucale. "Getting through all the tougher parts has given me confidence moving forward to take on new situations, a new season."
Fucale is clear about his ultimate goal: he wants to play for the Canadiens. But he realizes the competition is stiff between the pipes in Montreal. The Habs' pantry is full of promising goaltending talent, with Carey Price - now locked in with Montreal for the next nine seasons - seated firmly at the top of the heap. Not that any of that will act as a deterrent to the 6-foot-2, 187-pounder.
"I'll never say no to a challenge. Never. It's a good thing for the organization, but also for me internally, to have non-stop competition. It's the same thing across the NHL. It's a challenge and you just have to be ready for whenever the opportunity will arise," declared Fucale, a former teammate of Jonathan Drouin's with the Halifax Mooseheads. "Just prepare non-stop for when your chance will come, you take it, you go with it, you play, and you stop those pucks."
Instead of seeing the Habs' current All-World starter as an obstacle blocking his path to the Montreal crease, Fucale sees a chance to work with Price and take in as much as he can from the elite netminder.
"Not a lot of goalies get the chance to learn from Carey Price. There are a few of us young guys and we've been able to watch him play, learn from him learn from all his experience - whether at the Olympics, in the playoffs, or coming back from an injury," he explained. "We can learn from all that without going through it and it'll make a big difference. The chance to learn is there, but if we don't take advantage of it, it won't help anything."
That said, Fucale doesn't want to be a Carey Price clone.
"I wouldn't say that I want to totally model my game after him, because you can learn from everyone. There's no mold you have to fit into. But you know he's been successful, so he's certainly doing something right," added Fucale with a laugh. "Of all the things he's doing right, I have to figure out which ones work for me, for my body, with my style of play. At the end of the day, it's about learning from everyone and also learning about yourself."
At the start of the summer, Fucale took some time to review his game with members of the organization in order to identify areas that needed work. His goal over the past few months has been to push his limits as far as possible.
"I want to get to camp ready to keep progressing and show that I'm improving and that I can play at the next level. It's a process for a goalie. Whether it be physical, mental, or technical, I really want to work on each facet of my game to get to the next level and prove that I deserve a shot in the NHL," he concluded. "It's not easy, but the summertime is when you work on those things and I can't wait to get to camp to show that I'm headed in the right direction."
A North Korean diplomat said Pyongyang will no longer honor its international human rights agreements.
The New York-based diplomat, who asked to remain anonymous, told the VOA Korean Service on Friday that agreements on human rights issues in North Korea have become “invalid” in reference to a series of actions Pyongyang promised to take last year.
In May 2014, the communist government agreed to examine some recommendations by the U.N. Human Rights Council. The recommendations it agreed to examine included calls to ratify U.N. Human Rights treaties. Later, Pyongyang offered to discuss human rights with the European Union.
The diplomat claimed that Washington was using the human rights issue as a pretext to overthrow North Korea's political and social system.
The diplomat's comments were in response to a Washington conference on human rights in North Korea early this week. The conference was hosted by the Center for Strategic & International Studies, a private research group in Washington, and speakers included Robert King, the U.S. point man on North Korean human rights issues.
Earlier, North Korea's deputy U.N. ambassador in New York warned Pyongyang would respond “very strongly” to the conference.
UN report on North Korea
Early last year, a U.N. panel released a damning report on the North's human rights conditions, accusing North Korea of committing crimes against humanity. The report prompted the U.N. General Assembly to adopt its toughest resolution against Pyongyang on its human rights record.
The resolution pushed by the European Union calls for the U.N. Security Council to consider referring the North Korean human rights situation to the International Criminal Court.
Recently, some European countries, including those who have close ties to Pyongyang, joined the U.N. call.
An official at the Czech embassy in Washington told the VOA Korean Service this week his government has raised the human rights issue to Kim Pyong Il, the younger half brother of the late North Korean leader Kim Jong Il.
The younger Kim took his office as the North Korean ambassador to the Czech Republic last month.
“I can assure you that it [the North Korean human rights issue] already was addressed during some of the first meetings he had at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs,” said Jaroslav Zajicek, minister-counselor at the Embassy of the Czech Republic in Washington.
Zajicek added that the North Korean ambassador was reluctant to discuss human rights issues and preferred to discuss economic issues.
Is Congress a “democratic party” that is guided by its own constitution, let alone that of the country? It is a question worth asking, with the Election Commission (EC) not in a mood to grant the party further time beyond 30 June for conducting its already overdue internal elections on the one hand and India's oldest party attributing motives to and questioning the “timing” of the decision of the Commission on the other. Now, Congress is literally demanding a ‘second extension' till 31 December, 2017 by the Commission on the dubious ground that it cannot hold organisational elections before June, busy as it is with the ongoing Assembly elections. In fact, Congress has gone to the extent of saying that “on a jurisdictional basis”, the EC could not “fix a date for any political party” for holding polls, for which the party is not “fully ready”.
It may be noted that under the “Guidelines” prescribed by the Election Commission of India in exercise of the powers conferred by Article 324 of the Constitution of India and Section 29A of the Representation of the People Act, 1951, every registered political party of the country must be run by the rules and regulations that are in consonance with the Constitution of India in such a manner that two/thirds of its leaders in various party organs are democratically elected by the members, that no leader can have veto power, that no leader can have a fixed tenure of more than five years, and that there are periodic elections within “maximum five years”.
Assuming that the Congress had held such elections at its 83rd plenary in Burari on the outskirts of Delhi in December 2010, when it also amended its constitution to increase the tenure of the Congress President and other office bearers from three to five years, organisational polls were due in 2015. On 26 May, 2015, the EC wrote to the Congress, asking a status report in this regard. Later that year, the party requested the EC to extend the deadline for conclusion of internal elections until December 2016. The reason that it cited for the extension, which was granted by the EC, was that the party could not hold membership drives due to Assembly polls in states like West Bengal, Kerala, Assam and Tamil Nadu as well as drought and floods in several other states.
However, the party did not stick to this deadline either. On the other hand, it sought on 16 December, 2016, another extension until 31 December, 2017. But this time, the EC has rejected the plea.
It remains to be seen how the EC is going to react. But one thing is clear: Congress has exposed once again the lack of inner democracy in the party. This, in turn, is an irony, given the fact that Congress that led the country in gaining independence had in the past a clear chain of command from the block level to the national level such as All India Congress Committee (AICC) and the Congress Working Committee (CWC). In the resultant pyramidical structure of the party, one was to move to the top through democratic elections below, that is from the block, district, state (Pradesh Congress Committee or PCC) to the AICC and CWC. The important leaders of the party had, thus, to earn their positions. This was in sharp contrast to the present situation in which one joins the party today to become a minister tomorrow. In the past, therefore, the leaders of the Congress had nothing to fear about their status and positions from the big bosses of the party.
For instance, against the wishes of Jawaharlal Nehru, Purushottam Das Tandon got elected as the party president by the AICC in 1950. Similarly, in 1963, Nehru was forced to constitute a CWC in which 10 out of 13 members had differed with him on most of the policy issues. In yet another example, despite every possible effort of veteran Kamraj in 1965, Morarji Desai could not be toppled from the party high command.
In a sense, this vibrant democracy was the innate strength of the Congress. However, things started to change after Indira Gandhi assumed charge. Congress gradually became a highly centralised organisation. The upward mobility of a party worker now depended more on the favour of the top leadership than one's work at the grassroots. In fact, things deteriorated to such an extent that under Rajiv Gandhi, more than ten PCC Presidents were not even PCC members and some AICC general secretaries were not even members of the AICC, not to speak of being members of the CWC, which according to the party constitution, should have been the case. This, incidentally, was a big irony as it was Rajiv Gandhi, who in the beginning of his party leadership, had promised to hold the organisational elections to get the Congress rid of “power brokers”. Besides, it was under the premiership of Rajiv Gandhi that the Representation of People Act, 1951 was amended in 1989 to include Section 29, which deals with the provisions for registration of political parties with the Election Commission of India.
Rajiv's widow Sonia Gandhi became the Congress president in 1998 under controversial circumstances that saw the humiliating sacking of Sitaram Kesri, who was elected president in 1997 for a three–year term. She was re-elected in 2001, but she continued until 2005 by breaking the rule of three-year tenure. That year, she got herself re-elected but again broke the rule of three-year tenure to continue until 2010. That year, the party amended this rule and made the tenure of the party president five years. After this amendment, Sonia should have sought a fresh term in 2015. But that has not happened; seven years on, she remains in charge.
Even otherwise, many features of the Congress constitution are being more honoured in the breach than in the observance. Take, for instance, the criteria for being a Congress member that include, among others, that he/she is “a habitual weaver of certified Khadi”; that he/she “abstains from alcoholic drinks and intoxicant drugs”; that he/she “undertakes to perform minimum tasks including manual labour as may be prescribed by the Working Committee”; that he/she “does not own any property in excess of the ceiling laws applicable to him/her; that he/she “subscribes to and works for promoting the principles of secularism, socialism and democracy; does not, directly or indirectly, openly or otherwise, adversely criticise the accepted policies and programmes of the party, except through party forums; and that he/she “shall subscribe to the periodicals approved by AICC.”(this provision makes one wonder why the Congress-owned National Herald newspaper was closed given lakhs and lakhs of registered Congress members). How many Congress members today fulfil these criteria?
Incidentally, the Congress Working Committee (CWC) is the party's highest decision-making body. Congress, in its letter to the EC for extension of polls-date has cited the resolution of the CWC that has extended Sonia Gandhi's presidency by the end of 2017. It has argued how EC's deadline was "in conflict" with a resolution of CWC, which is the party's highest decision-making body, implying that “any contravention could then amount to violating the very party constitution the EC seeks to uphold”.
But then, does the CWC adhere to the party's stated constitutional terms? Not really. The CWC, according to party constitution, “shall consist of the President of the Congress, the Leader of the Congress Party in Parliament and 23 other members of whom 12 members will be elected by the AICC, as per rules prescribed by the Working Committee and the rest shall be appointed by the President. The President shall appoint a Treasurer and one or more General Secretaries from amongst the members of the Working Committee. The President will have power to appoint one or more Secretaries / Joint Secretaries from elected members of the AICC. The Secretaries / Joint Secretaries will discharge the duties as may be assigned to them by the President. Ordinarily members of the Working Committee will be appointed from amongst the members of the AICC but in special cases, delegates who are not members of the AICC may be appointed; provided however, that a delegate so appointed shall cease to be a member of the Working Committee if he is not elected as member of the AICC within six months of his appointment."
However, the fact remains that in the last 45 years, elections to the CWC have been held only twice — 1992 and 1997- when PV Narasimha Rao and Sitaram Kesri were presidents respectively. That means that in the rest of these 45 years that the party has been under the strict control of the Gandhi family (Indira, Rajiv, Sonia Rahul), CWC has been filled with nominated members rather than elected ones. Even the post of Vice President that Rahul Gandhi occupies does not find a mention in the party constitution; it was created in 2013 especially for him.
So where is that Congress which under Gandhi and Nehru heralded democracy in the country?
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
About
A huge thank you to all our backers!! We missed it this time, but we'll be back!!
In the meantime, you can keep up to date on Epic Picnic as well as other projects by Devious Devices by clicking here.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tired of running out of things to do at your parties? Why not go on a picnic?!
Epic Picnic is a no-holds-barred, blast of a party game inspired by a verbal memory game from our childhood, but corrupted with humor from our adult life. Players use cards to represent incredible and ridiculous things they're bringing on the picnic. The goal is to stay focused and remember what everyone is bringing in a hilarious, memory challenging face-off that pushes the boundaries of social convention.
Picnic card back and an example card face. Yes. It's horrible.
This game is seriously easy to play - but don't let that fool you! This game is a challenge for even the most mentally-equipped, sober player. Don't believe us? Check out our full-play video below:
Plus, we all know that many other games can get boring over time (unlike ours). That's why we have included variants in the rules, to keep things fresh and entertaining and to vary the level of challenge. Check out the latest version of the rules below.
What's in the "Basket"?
Crack open the Retail Edition of Epic Picnic and you will find:
PLUS! Everyone who pledges at the DELUXE PICNIC or YOUR PICNIC levels will receive the Deluxe Edition, featuring everything above in the Retail box, plus expansions and all stretch goal bonuses as our campaign grows! Details under the Why Pledge? section below!
What the "Picnic-goers" are saying...
Game and a Curry sat down with us to play Epic Picnic and here's what they thought:
"I HATE PARTY GAMES!!! Except for... EPIC PICNIC"
"This one's a no-brainer for any beer and pretzels game night."
Read the full review after the jump:
We believe it is important that you, our backers, get the chance to not only play our game, but to help shape it. This is your picnic!
For those of you who would like to help us refine the rules, or even if you just want to give the game a quick test to see what it is all about, we are hosting a Print 'n Play(test) prototype on Board Game Geek. The prototype is restricted of course (otherwise how would we raise the money to get you a long-lasting, high-quality, extra-despicable version?) and contains only a portion of the cards available in the finished product, all in black and white.
PLUS! Throughout our campaign we will be hosting "Basket Battles" on Facebook to give you, our community, the chance to pick which 5 free bonus cards we will include in all editions of Epic Picnic!
We have lots of great ideas for the future of Epic Picnic! For our campaign, and to show our thanks to Deluxe Edition backers for the couple extra bucks toward making our dream a reality, we are including The Prompt Pack and the Epic Seas Expansion ahead of their retail availability (and the Epic Party Expansion for free if we hit our stretch goal!).
All three expansions will be available for retail purchase following the successful funding of Epic Picnic and the shipment of backer rewards to a door near you. Look for them on Amazon (hopefully in time for the holidays!).
Speaking of holidays, or really for any reason, if you would like additional copies of Epic Picnic at your pledge level, simply multiply your pledge by the amount of copies you would like. Limit of 8 total copies per backer
Stretch Goals
Most stretch goals below apply to the Deluxe Edition of Epic Picnic unless otherwise labeled.
Shipping
Thanks to the supply chain we've set up with our logistics partners, we have very cost effective ways of getting your copy of Epic Picnic to you. See each region for details below:
Continental United States: Free shipping!
Canada, AK, HI: Add $10.00 to your pledge
Add $10.00 to your pledge Western Europe (UK, DE, FR, ES): Add $20.00 to your pledge
Add $20.00 to your pledge All other regions: Add $30.00 to your pledge
Why Pledge?
We Listen To You: Many of the cards exist because of player feedback already. We are relying on you, our community, to help shape our game.
Many of the cards exist because of player feedback already. We are relying on you, our community, to help shape our game. Get the Game First: Our backers have a special place in our hearts. For Epic Picnic, that means we'll send the game to you, before it goes on sale for the general public. As a bonus, US backers get free shipping!
Our backers have a special place in our hearts. For Epic Picnic, that means we'll send the game to you, before it goes on sale for the general public. As a bonus, US backers get free shipping! Kickstarter Freebies: As part of our campaign, all backers (even print n' play) will receive the 5 Basket Battle cards. Those who pledge for the Deluxe Edition will see it grow as we hit each stretch goal!
As part of our campaign, all backers (even print n' play) will receive the 5 Basket Battle cards. Those who pledge for the Deluxe Edition will see it grow as we hit each stretch goal! We Can't Do It Without You: We've covered all the costs for the art, graphic design and prototyping for Epic Picnic, but we can't manufacture and ship the game without your support.
About Us
Anthony and I formed Devious Devices because we love playing games of all types, but in the throws of a party, you don't always have time to learn complicated mechanics and be taught new concepts. We want to make a variety of new table top games aimed at entertaining, with minimal time commitment to learning and looking up rules.
Epic Picnic is a perfect example of that. We have taught more people to play Epic Picnic accidentally than I think we have intentionally! Simply watching a few turns is enough to be able to jump in and start playing along.
Why Kickstarter?
We can't do it without you!
We need your help to turn our vision into reality and get games that are easy to learn, but fun to master onto gaming tables across the world. Anthony and I are firm supporters of Kickstarter's ability to fund peoples' dreams, and believe Epic Picnic is a perfect fit for what it offers.
Thank you for your pledges and support!
Want more? Like Us or Follow Us for even more updates!
M*A*S*H, colloquial use might refer to any mobile military Due to the popularity of the series, colloquial use might refer to any mobile military field hospital
U.S. Army soldiers and Dilmurod interpreters train local Uzbek anesthesia providers on the 885 Mobile Anesthesia Machine at the Fergana Emergency Center in support of Operation Provide Hope
The Mobile Army Surgical Hospital (MASH) refers to a United States Army medical unit serving as a fully functional hospital in a combat area of operations. The units were first established in August 1945, and were deployed during the Korean War and later conflicts. The term was made famous in the television series M*A*S*H, which depicted a fictional MASH unit. The U.S. Army deactivated the last MASH unit on February 16, 2006. The successor to the Mobile Army Surgical Hospital is the Combat Support Hospital.
World War I [ edit ]
The American Expeditionary Force Mobile Hospital No.1 was established following the example of the French military automobile-chirurgical units shortly after the American entry to the war.[1]
World War II and after [ edit ]
3rd Republic of Korea Mobile Army Surgical Hospital, Wonju, Korea, 1951
Principles for a mobile medical unit and their implementation were established through trial and error in the dental field during World War II by Major Vincent P. Marran, medic in Patton's Third Army.[2] The effectiveness of his efforts were widely admired and supported by the command structure, but no formal designation was established.
Formally the MASH unit was conceived by Michael E. DeBakey and other surgical consultants as the "mobile army surgical hospital." Col. Harry A. Ferguson, the executive officer of the Tokyo Army Hospital, also aided in the establishment of the MASH program. It was an alternative to the random individual systems of portable surgical hospitals, field hospitals, and general hospitals used during World War II. It was designed to get experienced personnel closer to the front, so that the wounded could be treated sooner and with greater success. Casualties were first treated at the point of injury through buddy aid, then routed through Battalion Aid Stations for emergency stabilizing surgery, and finally routed to the MASH for the most extensive treatment. This proved to be highly successful; during the Korean War, a seriously wounded soldier who made it to a MASH unit alive had a greater than 97% chance of survival once he received treatment.[3]
The MASH unit made its way into popular culture through the 1968 novel MASH: A Novel About Three Army Doctors by Richard Hooker, the 1970 feature film based on the novel, and the long-running television sitcom (1972–1983) also based on the novel. A 1953 film, Battle Circus, also took place at a MASH.
MASH units continued to serve in various conflicts, including the Vietnam War.
During the Gulf War, in October 1990, the 5th MASH, 44th Medical Brigade, XVIII Airborne Corps, Fort Bragg, North Carolina, deployed to Saudi Arabia and was the first fully functional Army hospital in the country. This unit moved forward six times, always as the first up hospital for the region. In March 1991, the 5th MASH was operationally attached to the 24th Infantry Division to provide forward surgical care (often right on the front battle lines) to the combat units that attacked the western flank of Iraqi army. In March 1991, the 159th MASH of the Louisiana Army National Guard operated in Iraq in support of the 3rd Armored Division during Operation Desert Storm.
Other MASHs that served in 1990–91 included the 2nd MASH, 1st Medical Group, Benning; the 10th MASH, 1st Medical Group, Carson; the 115th MASH (DCARNG); the 475th MASH (341st Med Group, KY USAR); the 807th MASH (341st Med Group, KY USAR); and the 912th MASH (TN USAR).[4] In 1997, the last MASH unit in South Korea was deactivated. A deactivating ceremony was held in South Korea, which was attended by several members of the cast of the M*A*S*H television series, including Larry Linville (who played Frank Burns), and David Ogden Stiers (who played Charles Winchester). MASH units have since been replaced by the U.S. Army's Combat Support Hospitals.
Worldwide, the last MASH unit in the U. S. Army was converted to a Combat Support Hospital on October 16, 2006.[5] The 212th MASH — based in Miesau Ammo Depot, Germany — was deployed to Iraq in 2003, supporting coalition forces during Operation Iraqi Freedom. It was the most decorated combat hospital in the U.S. Army, with 28 campaign streamers on the organizational colors. The 212th MASH's last deployment was to Pakistan to support the 2005 Kashmir earthquake relief operations. The U.S. State Department bought the MASH's tents and medical equipment, owned by the DoD, and donated the entire hospital to the Pakistani military, a donation worth $4.5 million.[citation needed]
The 212th MASH's unit sign now resides at the Army Medical Department's Museum in San Antonio, Texas.
Triage [ edit ]
MASH units played an important role in the development of the triage system; a technique that underscores emergency room (ER) medicine in hospitals today.
The system allows for caregivers to prioritize patient's wounds and injuries in order to get those who are severely injured treated as soon as possible. The patient's status is determined an overview of their respiratory, perfusion, and mental status.[6] The current triage system consists of color coding; each patient (and at times their different wounds) are tagged with either a black, red, yellow, or green tag.
Black Deceased or so severely wounded that there is no hope for survival. Red Requires immediate treatment in order to survive. Yellow Not in immediate danger but requires medical care. Requires observation. Green Wounds or injuries that aren't completely disabling. Referred to as "walking wounded."
While the concept of triage had been used years before the Korean War, it wasn't until the MASH units during the war put it into real practice that the idea was fully developed. World War I and World War II saw the introduction of weapons, such as poison gas, that could wipe out everyone. The battles left many casualties, and therefore there were more patients arriving at the MASH hospitals. Triage was first performed on the soldiers at battalion aid stations. Those who worked in the stations, be they nurse or medical officers, used the system to determine which soldiers needed further care/treatment and which soldiers could go back onto the battlefield.[7] The soldiers that needed further treatment were the transferred to the MASH units and underwent triage once more. This time, nurses and doctors would work to prioritize who needed to be taken into surgery first; if it appeared that the soldier wouldn't survive much longer without surgery they were prioritized. MASH units typically followed the saying, "life takes precedence over limb, function over anatomical defects",[8] a phrase which essentially means that they had to repair the most serious defect first. This thought process has since rolled over to the modern technique of triage in ERs nationwide.
Field care [ edit ]
The Korean War played a great role in defining MASH units. High casualties in the front line called for onsite paramedic care, such as ambulances and medical tents. Having learned from World War II that transporting wounded soldiers to rear hospitals was highly inefficient in reducing mortality rate, MASH units were established near front lines to supply mobile and flexible military medical care. They contributed to making improvements in resuscitation and trauma care, patient transport, blood storage and distribution, patient triage, and evacuation.[9] Aeromedical evacuation system was developed to transport soldiers by unnoisy aircrafts at a quicker pace. Helicopters were frequently used as "air ambulances" during the Korean War. The Bell H-13 was a dominant medical evacuation aircraft during the war. Military doctors stabilized wounded soldiers midair, before getting them to field hospital. MASH onsite paramedic care and air ambulance system decreased post evacuation mortality from 40% in World War II to 2.5% in the Korean War.[10][11]
MASH in M*A*S*H [ edit ]
Out of necessity, the "4077th MASH" unit depicted in the novel, movie, and television series was smaller than real MASH units. The fictional 4077th consisted of four general surgeons and one neurosurgeon, around 10 nurses, and 50–70 enlisted men. In an average 24-hour period, they can go through 300 wounded soldiers. By comparison, the 8076th Mobile Army Surgical Hospital had personnel including 10 medical officers, 12 nursing officers, and 89 enlisted soldiers of assorted medical and nonmedical specialties. On one occasion, the unit handled over 600 casualties in a 24-hour period.[12]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal
Police say three officers who opened fire on an armed suspect during an attempted carjacking Friday also unintentionally shot and wounded the driver of the vehicle.
The victim, Becky Nottke of Santa Fe, is chairwoman of the state Manufactured Housing Committee.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
She had been in Albuquerque for the committee's bimonthly meeting when a man tried to take her car in an attempt to escape from police, her co-member Scott Christensen told the Journal on Monday.
Christensen said he and Nottke were leaving the meeting at the New Mexico Regulation and Licensing Department, on San Antonio near Interstate 25, about 1 p.m. when a man police identified as Lee Brandenburg, 41, ran through the parking lot tailed by the officers. The officers were trying to arrest him on a felony warrant.
Police shot Brandenburg multiple times in both legs and Nottke was hit once in the leg, said officer Simon Drobik, a spokesman for the Albuquerque Police Department. He declined to identify the officers at this time.
Nottke and Brandenburg are both still recovering at University of New Mexico Hospital.
Christensen, the vice-chair of the committee, said he was walking out of the meeting with Nottke and a couple of other members when they noticed police cars with sirens on nearby. He said Nottke said she was about to meet her daughter for lunch and then they all went their separate ways.
That's when Brandenburg ran up to him and attempted to take his car, Christensen said.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
“I look toward him and saw the barrel of the gun,” he said. “I was in fear for my life, he said he was going to shoot me and I believed him.”
Christensen said he started running and was about 20 feet away when he turned and saw that Brandenburg was now trying to take Nottke's car instead.
“He put his gun in his mouth, grabbed her mirror and (then) started banging his pistol on the driver's side window,” he said.
When the officers saw Brandenburg armed with the gun and trying to carjack Nottke, they opened fire, Drobik said. He said Brandenburg very briefly pointed the gun at officers as well.
“Those officers didn't wake up that morning wanting to get into that situation,” he said. “But in the totality of the circumstances in that moment they thought they had to take action to stop his actions. Unfortunately the female who was being carjacked was hit by one of our rounds.”
Brandenburg and Nottke were taken to the hospital. When Brandenburg is released he will be booked into the county jail on two counts of attempted armed robbery and one count of aggravated assault, Drobik said.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Christensen said he has spoken with Nottke since she was admitted to the hospital. He said she had surgery on her knee over the weekend and will have to be in a cast for quite a while.
Nottke was appointed to the Manufactured Housing Committee in 2009 by Gov. Susana Martinez, said Alex Sanchez, the deputy superintendent for the Regulation and Licensing Department. She was elected chair in 2015 and took over in December.
Christensen, a Portales resident, said he has served with Nottke for several years and the whole incident really shook him and the other committee members up. He said he's thankful the officers took the action they did but wishes he and Nottke and the other members had been able to avoid the situation all together.
“In some ways they're family,” Christensen said. “I've known those people for years. How do we as a community keep a look out for each other to keep each other safe?”
This is the third time this year on-duty officers have fired their weapons.
On Jan. 7, police shot and killed Gilbert Lovato, whom they were trying to arrest. Then, on Jan. 26, police opened fire on Moses Hernandez, who they say had shot another man, but no one was hit by their gunfire.
In the ultimate no-brainer decision, the Rangers will exercise star catcher Jonathan Lucroy's $5.25MM club option for 2017.
Lucroy, whom the Rangers acquired from the Brewers prior to the Aug. 1 non-waiver trade deadline, will continue as one of the game's most reasonably priced standouts for another season. Between Texas and Milwaukee, he batted a stellar .292/.355/.500 with 24 home runs in 544 plate appearances. That came after Lucroy battled injuries in 2015 and hit a disappointing .264/.326/.391 with seven homers in 415 PAs. Aside from that season, the 30-year-old has been among the game's premier all-around catchers since 2012. As has typically been the case, Lucroy graded out quite well as a pitch framer this year, per both Baseball Prospectus and StatCorner.
The 2017 campaign will be Lucroy's last under the five-year, $11MM extension he inked with the Brewers in 2012. Whether via an extension with the Rangers or a deal with another team in free agency a year from now, Lucroy should become one of the sport's highest-paid catchers sometime within the next 12-plus months.
It's spring. Love is in the air. So, if you're a geek, madly in love, and dead set on getting married to your sweetheart, how do you go about it?
Maybe this will give you some inspiration. Here are a bunch of marriage proposals, geek style.
(After the big report yesterday, we thought it was time to lighten things up a bit. 🙂 )
Propose in an online comic
If you're the creator of a popular online comic, this one is easy, as proven by Mike Krahulik, one of the guys behind Penny Arcade.
But even if you're not a comics creator, you may be able to enlist the help of one. The guys behind Joy of Tech helped one of their readers make this a reality.
Propose on Twitter
Twitter getting increasingly popular, and apparently, so is proposing on Twitter.
Aside from the above example, it's happened again and again.
Propose in a video game
Proposing by modifying video game maps seems to be something of a trend. Here is one actual proposal made in Halo 3:
Here is another one made in Super Smash Bros:
And one made in Little Big Planet (video):
But the price has to go to this guy who wrote an actual Bejeweled clone from scratch for the Nintendo DS so he could surprise his girl (it was her favorite game). After a certain score had been reached, a ring popped up.
Propose in an O'Reilly book
Author Dave Nielsen proposed in the acknowledgements section of his book, Paypal Hacks, published by O'Reilly. He had to wait three months for the book to be published before he could get his answer (she said yes).
The acknowledgement read:
I'd like to thank […] and Erika, my inspiration, who makes me smile every day. Erika, I feel so lucky to have found you. With you, every day is beautiful and new. Nothing would make me happier than to spend the rest of my life with you…Erika Anderson, will you marry me?
Propose via Google Street View
Here is a proposal made by a Google employee using Google Street View. He even created a special website for it (MarryMeLeslie.com) where people could vote if they should say yes or no.
Propose via a search engine
Here is a marriage proposal that was made possible by the help of the Ask Jeeves team. The girl in question got her proposal when she searched for her own name.
Propose with a string of amino acids
We found this story in the comments to a Wired article about geeky proposals and thought it deserved a mention here.
My wife was a college professor when we were dating; I was studying biochemistry. I wrote a perl script that treated the letters of my proposal as a string of amino acids, translating them to a corresponding mRNA transcript. Then I sent her an email, claiming I needed help with my biochem homework: translating an mRNA to amino acids. Later, in her office, she fired up DNAstar, translated the message, looked at the peptide sequence a while, then said, “This mRNA is messed up: the first residue isn't even a methionine… it's not polyadenylated… HEY!!” Once she saw her name at the beginning of the sequence, it was all over. This year is our sixth anniversary, and we have a beautiful 4 1/2-year-old daughter.
These two literally had good chemistry…
Propose via your favorite SFF author
How about this: Someone enlisted none other than author and comic book legend Neil Gaiman to help him propose to his girlfriend during a book signing. Gaiman wrote “Will you marry Jason?” when he signed her book, but the girl in question was so star-struck that the author had to point it out to her three times before she actually noticed what it said.
Propose with charts
A post on the Can Have Cheezburger sister site GraphJam contained a proposal in graph format. Sadly she said no, so hopefully it didn't end up on the other I Can Have Cheezburger sister site: the Fail Blog.
Propose on a geek news site
Slashdot founder Rob Malda (CmdrTaco) proposed to his girlfriend with a news story on Slashdot. 15 minutes later he had a yes.
Propose with Apple hardware
Apple hardware engraved with proposals seems to be popular, especially iPods.
Enlist the help of video game legends
When 1UP editor-in-chief James Mielke decided to propose to his girlfriend, he managed to get two of the creators of the legendary Final Fantasy series to help him out. Artist/designer Yoshitaka Amano designed a ring for him, and composer Nobuo Uematsu wrote a melody that was played as he proposed. (Both Mielke and his bride-to-be are huge Final Fantasy fans.)
Propose with a patent application
There are a lot of different kinds of geeks, and we suspect this guy may well be a patent lawyer aficionado. Who else would propose with a 12-page patent application? 🙂
Small sample (emphasis added by us):
The purpose of this invention is to provide an improved method of proposing marriage to an individual. The method of proposing to an individual generally comprising the steps of meeting the individual; exchanging names with the individual; dating the individual (not necessary); drafting a government document having a proposal to marry the individual incorporated therein; and showing the government document to the individual. The government document may be a patent application. The patent application may claim the method by which the proposor will make a marriage proposal to the individual. The proposor could then use the method claimed in the patent application to propose to the individual. The patent application could be the actual marriage proposal.
Propose with a lolcat
This is the second entry from I Can Have Cheezburger, a proposal in true lol fashion.
What's your favorite geeky proposal?
We here at Pingdom are definitely geeks (and proud of it), but we pale in comparison to some of the guys above.
Believe it or not, the examples we have listed above are just the tip of the iceberg, and most of them seem to have been successful. There are a ton of good stories out there. If you feel we missed any other great examples (we probably have), let us know in the comments!
High temperatures heated beds to be used for printing high temperature plastics or where fast heat-up times are required. Must be used with an SSR to switch and control.
-------------------------------------------
Sensor used: 104-GT2 "E3D" thermistor
Power: 500W (200x200), 800W (300x200), 1100W (300x300)
Max operating temp: 200°C
Peak temp: 250°C
Heat uptime: 80s to 100°C
-------------------------------------------
⚠️WARNINGS⚠️ These things get HOT!
- Use appropriate protective equipment when operating a machine using this component.
- Runs on mains voltage, it is the user's resposibility to make sure that the wiring is insulated and compliant with the relevant regulations and that the device is EARTHED (grounded) properly using the threaded hole provided.
- During the first heat cycle, due to the high temperature reacheable by the heated beds, some smoke might be generated by the metal plate or heater. This is normal and due to the manufacturing process, but you must make sure that the device is first heated up in a well ventilated area.
**Please note, you cannot print directly onto the bed, a glass bed is required**
Read all about the beds in our latest High Temperature blog post
Cuando lleguéis a viejos, respetaréis la piedra,
si es que llegáis a viejos,
si es que entonces quedó alguna piedra.
Vuestros hijos amarán al viejo cobre,
al hierro fiel.
Recibiréis a los antiguos metales en el seno de vuestras familias,
trataréis al noble plomo con la decencia que corresponde a su carácter dulce;
os reconciliaréis con el zinc dándole un suave nombre;
con el bronce considerándolo como hermano del oro,
porque el oro no fue a la guerra por vosotros,
el oro se quedó, por vosotros, haciendo el papel de niño mimado,
vestido de terciopelo, arropado, protegido por el resentido acero…
Cuando lleguéis a viejos, respetaréis al oro,
si es que llegáis a viejos,
si es que entonces quedó algún oro.
El agua es la única eternidad de la sangre.
Su fuerza, hecha sangre. Su inquietud, hecha sangre.
Su violento anhelo de viento y cielo,
hecho sangre.
Mañana dirán que la sangre se hizo polvo,
mañana estará seca la sangre.
Ni sudor, ni lágrimas, ni orina
podrán llenar el hueco del corazón vacío.
Mañana envidiarán la bomba hidráulica de un inodoro palpitante,
la constancia viva de un grifo,
el grueso líquido.
El río se encargará de los riñones destrozados
y en medio del desierto los huesos en cruz pedirán en vano que regrese el
agua a los cuerpos de los hombres.
Dadme un motor más fuerte que un corazón de hombre.
Dadme un cerebro de máquina que pueda ser agujereado sin dolor.
Dadme por fuera un cuerpo de metal y por dentro otro cuerpo de metal
igual al del soldado de plomo que no muere,
que no te pide, Señor, la gracia de no ser humillado por tus obras,
como el soldado de carne blanducha, nuestro débil orgullo,
que por tu día ofrecerá la luz de sus ojos,
que por tu metal admitirá una bala en su pecho,
que por tu agua devolverá su sangre.
Y que quiere ser como un cuchillo, al que no puede herir otro cuchillo.
Esta cal de mi sangre incorporada a mi vida
será la cal de mi tumba incorporada a mi muerte,
porque aquí está el futuro envuelto en papel de estaño,
aquí está la ración humana en forma de pequeños ataúdes,
y la ametralladora sigue ardiendo de deseos
y a través de los siglos sigue fiel el amor del cuchillo a la carne.
Y luego, decid si no ha sido abundante la cosecha de balas,
si los campos no están sembrados de bayonetas,
si no han reventado a su tiempo las granadas… dado el pecho de los vivos,
somos la selva que avanza.
Somos la tierra presente. Vegetal y podrida.
Pantano corrompido que burbujea mariposas y arco-iris.
Donde tu cáscara se levanta están nuestros huesos llorosos,
nuestro dolor brillante en carne viva,
oh santa y hedionda tierra nuestra,
humus humanos.
Desde mi gris sube mi ávida mirada,
mi ojo viejo y tardo, ya encanecido,
desde el fondo de un vértigo lamoso
sin negro y sin color completamente ciego.
Asciendo como topo hacia el aire
que huele mi vista,
el ojo de mi olfato, y el murciélago
to-do hecho de sonido.
Aqui la piedra es piedra, pero ni el tacto sordo
puede imaginar si vamos o venimos,
pero venimos, sí, desde mi fondo espeso,
pero vamos, ya lo sentimos, en los dedos podridos
y en esta cruel mudez que quiere cantar.
Como un súbito amanecer que la sangre dibuja
irrumpe el violento deseo de sufrir,
y luego el llanto fluyendo como la uña de la carne
y el rabioso corazón ladrando en la puerta.
Y en la puerta un cubo que se palpa
y un camino verde bajo los pies hasta el pozo,
hasta más hondo aún, hasta el agua,
y en el agua una palabra samaritana
hasta más hondo aún, hasta el beso,
Del mar opaco que me empuja
llevo en mi sangre el hueco de su ola,
el hueco de su huida,
un precipicio de sal aposentada.
Si algo traigo para decir, dispensadme,
en el bello camino lo he olvidado.
Por un descuido me comí la espuma,
perdonadme, que vengo enamorado.
Detrás de ti quedan ahora cosas despreocupadas, dulces.
Pájaros muertos, árboles sin riego.
Una hiedra marchita. Un olor de recuerdo.
No hay nada exacto, no hay nada malo ni bueno,
y parece que la vida se ha marchado hacia el país del trueno.
Tú, que vista en un jarrón de flores el golpe de esta fuerza,
tú, la invitada al viento en fiesta.
tu, la dueña de una cotorra y un coche de ágiles ruedas, sobre la verja
tú que miraste a un caballo del tiovivo
y quedar sobre la grama como esperando que lo montasen los niños de la escuela,
asiste ahora, con ojos pálidos, a esta naturaleza muerta.
Los frutos no maduran en este aire dormido
sino lentamente, de tal suerte que parecen marchitos,
y hasta los insectos se equivocan en esta primavera sonámbula, sin sentido.
La naturaleza tiene ausente a su marido.
No tienen ni fuerzas suficientes para morir las semillas del cultivo
y su muerte se oye como el hilito de sangre que sale de la boca del hombre herido.
Rosas solteronas, flores que parecen usadas en la fiesta del olvido,
débil olor de tumbas, de hierbas que mueren sobre mármoles inscritos.
Ni un solo grito. Ni siquiera la voz de un pájaro o de un niño
o el ruido de un bravo asesino con su cuchillo.
¡Qué dieras hoy por tener manchado de sangre el vestido!
¡Qué dieras por encontrar habitado algún nido!
¡Qué dieras porque sembraran en tu carne un hijo!
Por fin, Señor de los Ejércitos, he aquí el dolor supremo.
He aquí, sin lástimas, sin subterfugios, sin versos,
el dolor verdadero.
Por fin, Señor, he aquí frente a nosotros el dolor parado en seco.
No es un dolor por los heridos ni por los muertos,
ni por la sangre derramada ni por la tierra llena de lamentos
ni por las ciudades vacías de casas ni por los campos llenos de huérfanos.
Es el dolor entero.
No puede haber lágrimas ni duelo
ni palabras ni recuerdos,
pues nada cabe ya dentro del pecho.
Todos los ruidos del mundo forman un gran silencio.
Todos los hombres del mundo forman un solo espectro.
En medio de este dolor, ¡soldado!, queda tu puesto
vacío o lleno.
Las vidas de los que quedan están con huecos,
tienen vacíos completos,
como si se hubieran sacado bocados de carne de sus cuerpos.
Asómate a este boquete, a éste que tengo en el pecho,
para ver cielos e infiernos.
Mira mi cabeza hendida por millares de agujeros:
a través brilla un sol blanco, a través un astro negro.
Toca mi mano, esta mano que ayer sostuvo un acero:
¡puedes pasar en el aire, a través de ella, tus dedos!
He aquí la ausencia del hombre, fuga de carne, de miedo,
días, cosas, almas, fuego.
To-do se quedó en el tiempo. To-do se quemó allá lejos.
A Florida woman says she got naked at a Dunkin' Donuts in Greenacres, Fla., because her dance group dared her to do it, police say, the Palm Beach Post reports.
Shakara Monik Martin of West Palm Beach was reportedly offered clothes, but refused to wear them, according to witnesses. The Palm Beach Post reports that the 32 year old has been released from the Palm Beach County jail Monday morning on her own recognizance, but could face an indecent exposure charge.
Read next: This GIF Won 2014's GIF of the Year
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Listen to the most important stories of the day.
Write to Olivia B. Waxman at olivia.waxman@time.com.
Mullins also worked for Phoenix Suns, Phoenix Roadrunners
Richard "Moon" Mullins (center), former ASU sports information director and a member of the ASU athletic Hall of Distinction, died at age 84. (Photo: ASU sports information)
Richard "Moon" Mullins, a 2006 inductee into the Arizona State athletic Hall of Distinction, died Saturday in Chandler at age 84.
Mullins was ASU sports information director for 14 years from 1962-68 and 1972-80 during the school's transition from the Border Conference to Western Athletic Conference to Pac-10. He directed a national mailing campaign that led to Ben Hawkins being named ASU's first football All-American in 1965 and also publicity campaigns for consensus All-Americans Woody Green (1972), John Jefferson (1977) and Al Harris (1978). His publications in football, basketball, baseball and track won a combined 10 awards.
The ASU Hall of Distinction was created in 1982 to honor coaches, administrators and contributors to athletics while the Hall of Fame, started in 1975, honors athletes.
Mullins also worked for the Phoenix Suns, Denver Broncos, Phoenix Roadrunners and at UTEP. He graduated from New Mexico State with a degree in journalism and, after serving in the Army during the Korean War, worked for the Associated Press in Billings, Mont.
Mullins is survived by his brother Don, four daughters -- Margy, Marcy, Marty and Molly -- and five grandchildren. In lieu of flowers and in honor Mullins' love of sports wagering, the family suggests placing a $10 bet on your favorite sports team to win a championship in Moon's honor.
Via Robert Reich, something that, if true, confirms most of what I already thought -- namely, that BP's priority is still their bottom line:
A petroleum engineer who's worked in the oil industry tells me BP is doing the minimum to clean up the oil and everything it can to protect its bottom line. According to the engineer, here's what BP should be doing right now to mitigate the damage. If the president were to put BP into temporary receivership, he'd have the power to get BP to:
1. Stop releasing dispersants. So-called dispersants are toxic, and it's crazy to add more poison to the Gulf. Dispersants do nothing to assist the environment in naturally cleaning the oil; their main use is PR. They reduce the number of ugly pictures of birds covered in pure black crude. Dispersants break the thick layer of crude into smaller globs, but that doesn't help the Gulf and its wildlife. Most of the crude just mixes with the water to produce a goop that looks like chocolate ice cream but is highly poisonous.
2. Mobilize every possible tanker to siphon up crude from as close to the leak points as possible. Oil industry leaders as John Hofmeister (president of Shell Oil from 2005 until 2008) have recommended this, but inexplicably neither BP nor the federal government are talking about even trying this idea. BP currently has only one spot where they have inserted a tube into a riser, or pipe, that is leaking oil from the sea floor. The company is gathering the crude oil and siphoning it up to a drill ship for storage.
They should have at least a dozen collectors. BP has 24 tankers that are being used to make money for BP, not for clean-up duty. (President Obama should also use all necessary federal power -- or money, and send BP the bill -- to put as many tankers and refineries from other companies on the task.)
Mile-long pipes could be dangled down into the crude spewing from the wellhead and at each breach in the riser pipe, and the tankers could pump the crude mixed with water back into the tankers. They could then separate the crude and water in the tanker, and pump the water out on the spot. This should continue until each tanker is full of oil. The crude should then be taken to a refinery for processing, as other tankers take their place. Submersibles can be used to monitor the uptake into the dangling pipes, moving them as needed to keep them picking up as much crude as possible.
Even after some separation time in the tankers, the crude will be contaminated with water beyond the typical water contamination levels acceptable at refineries. This would drive up the price of gas in the short term. The president will need to go on TV and ask all Americans to cut their gasoline and energy usage in half, as an emergency response to the disaster in the Gulf, so that tankers and refineries can enact these far-from-perfect clean-up measures.
3. Restart work on the second pressure relief well. BP did start work on two relief wells as the government requested, but the second has been shut down to cannabalize parts from it for the primary well kill effort. The president must order BP to spend whatever money it takes to get another blow out preventer on site, to re-start work on the second pressure relief well. A recent blow-out off the coast of Australia required five pressure relief wells to successfully shut it down.
Photo by: Ben Zigterman/The News-Gazette Zorba's owner Matt Mortenson is selling the Campustown institution, which he's owned since 1997 and worked at since 1982. Today is his last day.
CHAMPAIGN — For the first time in nearly 35 years, Matt Mortenson doesn't know what he'll be doing next week.
The longtime Zorba's owner sold the Campustown institution to Alex and Eleni Anastasiadis, and Mortenson's last day is today. The Anastasiadises take over Saturday.
"They're planning on keeping things the same. They'll do as they see (fit) going down the road, but they want to keep it the same," Mortenson said Thursday. "Two of my daughters who work here will stay a little while to help them."
Mortenson, 60, sold Zorba's because he wants to start a new chapter in his life, but he doesn't have anything lined up at the moment.
"Next week, I'll be working on my resume and start applying for jobs," he said. "Hopefully, I'll take a few days and get a little vacation in, a little chance to relax, but I'm obviously kind of a workaholic."
Zorba's, at 627 E. Green St., opened in 1973, and Mortenson has worked there since 1982. He bought it in 1997.
"It's a little weird after getting up every day and coming here and this being my little place," he said. "It was always more a home away from home in a sense. I spent so much time here."
A lot has changed in Campustown since he became a restaurant owner.
"When I bought it in '97, there was probably six or seven restaurants on this 600 block," he said. "There's at least 17 now."
And campus isn't as busy during football season, though Mortenson is hopeful Lovie Smith will help turn that around.
"The crazy football Saturdays were a lot of fun," he said.
Mortenson also misses the weekly jazz nights that he couldn't get going again after Zorba's closed for a year following a March 2011 fire.
When it finally did reopen, though, Mortenson was blown away by his customers' response.
"My daughter and I worked 21 days straight of 17-hour days. I've never seen a place that busy in my life," he said. "People waited an hour to get something to eat. I sliced 4,000 pounds of meat in the first 16 days we were reopened. That's 2 tons."
Mortenson said he has been blessed with plenty of regulars and has stayed in touch with a lot of the people he has hired over the years.
"I've gotten a lot of hugs this week, which is really nice," he said. "They like Zorba's, but they've gotten really attached to my family, being here for so many years."
This is the first presidential election in which four Lakotas have been selected as delegates in South Dakota. The group includes one Sanders Delegate – Alli Moran (Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe) and three Clinton Delegates – State Representative Shawn Bordeaux (Rosebud Sioux Tribe), Cecilia Fire Thunder (Oglala Sioux Tribe) and Lorraine Walking Eagle (Rosebud Sioux Tribe).
Four Lakota selected as S.D. Democratic Presidential Delegates
By Richie RichardsNative Sun News Staff Writer
PIERRE –– Four Lakota were voted in by South Dakota Democrats on March 12 as part of the 28 Presidential Delegates representing the campaigns of Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.
The 28 Democrat Delegates (and four alternatives) of 2016 are among the most diverse ever elected in South Dakota, according to Michael Ewald, Communications Director of the South Dakota Democratic Party (SDDP). In a March 21 press release , SDDP Chair Ann Tomberg said, “It's one of the most diverse Statewide Caucuses we've ever had. We're really excited about the enthusiasm our delegates have to elect the next Democratic President of the United States.
This group of 28 includes one Sanders Delegate – Alli Moran (Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe) and three Clinton Delegates – SD State Representative Shawn Bordeaux (Rosebud Sioux Tribe), Cecilia Fire Thunder (Oglala Sioux Tribe) and Lorraine Walking Eagle (Rosebud Sioux Tribe).
(Contact Richie Richards at staffwriter@nsweekly.com)
Read the rest of the story on the all new Native Sun News website: Four Lakota selected as S.D. Democratic Presidential Delegates
Copyright permission Native Sun News
Join the Conversation
Abstract
Objective Endurance exercise training reduces insulin resistance, adipose tissue inflammation and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), an effect often associated with modest weight loss. Recent studies have indicated that high-intensity interval training (HIIT) lowers blood glucose in individuals with type 2 diabetes independently of weight loss; however, the organs affected and mechanisms mediating the glucose lowering effects are not known. Intense exercise increases phosphorylation and inhibition of acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC) by AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) in muscle, adipose tissue and liver. AMPK and ACC are key enzymes regulating fatty acid metabolism, liver fat content, adipose tissue inflammation and insulin sensitivity but the importance of this pathway in regulating insulin sensitivity with HIIT is unknown.
Methods In the current study, the effects of 6 weeks of HIIT were examined using obese mice with serine–alanine knock-in mutations on the AMPK phosphorylation sites of ACC1 and ACC2 (AccDKI) or wild-type (WT) controls.
Results HIIT lowered blood glucose and increased exercise capacity, food intake, basal activity levels, carbohydrate oxidation and liver and adipose tissue insulin sensitivity in HFD-fed WT and AccDKI mice. These changes occurred independently of weight loss or reductions in adiposity, inflammation and liver lipid content.
They grow up so fast, don't they? Spotify's US launch was just over a year ago, and the streaming music outlet wants us to know just how big its baby is getting. Americans listened to more than 13 billion tracks on the service in the first 365 days, and they shared more than twice as many -- 27,834,742, to be exact. Not surprisingly, just over half of that socializing went through Facebook, as you can see in the company's sugar-coated chart. Spotify is likewise flaunting 2,700 years' worth of time spent skulking around its app platform. Don't feel any pangs of regret if you forgot to buy something for Spotify's birthday, by the way: the company isn't holding any grudges and says you'll "love" what it has gift-wrapped for year two. We're hoping that involves more free radio stations and fewer holdout musicians.
Early this week, India marked the thirty-second death anniversary of late Prime Minister Indira Gandhi on 31 October, with a subdued function attended by members of the Nehru-Gandhi family and prominent members of the Congress Party at her memorial, Shakti Sthal in New Delhi. It automatically rewinds one's memory back to that fateful day in Indian history when Indira Gandhi was felled by the bullets of her Sikh bodyguards at a garden porch outside her official residence on 1 Safdarjung Road, New Delhi, on the morning of October 31, 1984. Gandhi's two bodyguards, Sub-Inspector Beant Singh and Satwant Singh, devout Sikhs by faith shot her at point-blank range enraged at her for calling orders for Operation Blue Star, a military operation which had allegedly desecrated the holiest shrine of the Sikhs, the Harmandir Sahib or the Golden Temple at Amritsar in Punjab earlier that year.
How it began
Operation Blue Star, Indian army's most controversial operation took place from June 1 to June 8, 1984, at Gandhi's orders to evacuate ‘Sant' Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale, a militant religious leader of the Sikhs who had ‘occupied' the precinct of the Harmandir Saheb, with the support of armed militia between July 1983 and June 1984. Bhindranwale's meteoric rise in Sikh community politics was partly due to the covert support he received from the Punjab Congress leaders, to divide the Akali Dal, a socio-religious party of the Sikh community which was poised to defeat the Congress in the 1980 elections. It has been alleged that Bhindranwale was chosen for this role by none other than Giani Zail Singh, who then headed Punjab Congress at the behest of Gandhi's son and presumptive heir, Sanjay Gandhi. However, Bhindranwale who headed the Damdami Taksal, an educational institution for training young Sikh clerics, soon proved to be his own person with his own ideas for creating a renewed puritan order of the Sikhs based on militant power.
Rein of religious terrorism
Bhindranwale launched the ‘Dharam Yudh Morcha' in August 1982 to push for the implementation of the Akali Dal's Anandpur Sahib Resolution of 1973 which called for a return to a more puritan form of Sikhism. In July 1983, Bhindranwale was invited by H. S. Longowal, the Chief of the Sikh Gurudwara Prabandhak Committee (SGPC) to occupy the Guru Nanak Niwas at the Golden Temple, which gave him virtual control over all access to this most important shrine of the Sikh community. Bhindranwale fortified the Golden Temple complex with machine guns and anti-tank launchers using the services of a disaffected ex-Indian army official, ‘General' Shahbeg Singh to train his supporters. His supporters' excesses mounted by the day and resulted in the murders of important public figures including A. S. Atwal, the D. I. G. of Punjab Police who was shot in broad daylight at the footsteps of the Golden Temple on April 23, 1983.
—Getty Images
The planning
Bhindranwale's abject rejection of peaceful settlement forced Gandhi to consider a more radical way of evacuating the terrorists from the Golden Temple. She turned to the army officials to prepare a draft plan for the evacuation which soon culminated into Operation Blue Star, which was commanded by Lt. Gen. Kuldeep Singh Brar and supervised by Lt. Gen. K. Sundarji and Army Chief Gen. A. S. Vaidya. The actual operation was divided into two major sub-operations, Operation Woodrose to contain any attack by Bhindranwale's sympathisers from the Punjab countryside, and Operation Metal to secure the Golden Temple for the Indian government.
Suspected Sikh militants surrender before the army in 1984 in Amritsar, India. —Getty Images
The tragedy of Operation Blue Star was - its timing coincided with the annual commemoration of the martyrdom of the fifth Sikh Guru, Guru Arjandev which led to the flocking of a large number of Sikh pilgrims to the temple complex. The government justified it by pointing to the call given by Longowal for beginning a state-wide civil disobedience on June 3, 1984. However, this factor added to a significant number of civilian casualties and injuries caused by the operation though the army claimed to have ordered a general evacuation of the complex before it rushed in. Additionally, the government imposed Emergency in the Punjab during the Operation causing a blackout of media reporting.
The attack
The step-by-step operation began on June 1 with the armed forces encountering machine-gun-wielding militants in gun battles for control of the Harmandir Sahib Complex. The army sealed off the Temple complex and began pounding the outer defences laid by Gen. Shahbeg Singh. It also rushed tanks and armoured vehicles to the complex along with army helicopters which gave real-time information to its commanding officials. There was temporary ceasefire on 4 June when a team led by G. S. Tohra, ex-SGPC chief went in for negotiations with Bhindranwale on behalf of the government. However, the failure of the talks led to the recommencement of the hostilities, with firing on June 5 resulting in massive casualties to the Indian army and destruction of three tanks when the army units tried to capture the Akal Takht. The Operation countered more resistance for the next two days with continuous firing by the militants till June 7 when the army finally gained control over most of the Temple complex. A raging battle continued between the army and a small group of holed-up militants between June 8 to 10. When Operation Blue Star ended, there were 700-800 odd army casualties and over 500 militant casualties, including that of Bhindranwale, who was also reportedly killed in the operation. Government sources reported about 5000 civilian casualties.
Rise of Khalistan movement
Operation Blue Star had wider repercussions on the country's politics as numerous Sikh youth turned to the Khalistan Movement, which gained more traction in the coming years supported and abetted by Pakistan's ISI and orthodox Sikh groups. Indira Gandhi became the most hated person for her role in Operation Blue Star, as it had destroyed and damaged portions of the Akal Takht with massive casualties of Sikh pilgrims. Additionally, the Sikh sensibilities were offended at the alleged entry of the army personnel with boots in the complex and the wanton ‘destruction' of Sikh scriptures' manuscripts which were mischievously claimed to have been burnt deliberately at the behest of the government. These claims among many other rumours fuelled an atmosphere of mistrust with the government leading to the conspiracy to assassinate Indira Gandhi within four months of Operation Blue Star.
The hunter and the hunted
Operation Blue Star led to an increased threat perception to Indira Gandhi's life leading to the initial removal of Sikhs from her personal bodyguard by the Intelligence Bureau. However, she thought this would reinforce her anti-Sikh image among the public and give ammunition to her opponents. She forced the SPG to reinstate her Sikh bodyguards especially Beant Singh who was believed to be her personal favourite. These circumstances led to her assassination by Beant Singh and Satwant Singh on the morning of October 31, 1984, who shot 36 bullets from a revolver and a Sten gun at close range.
The Sikh community's troubles however only increased with Gandhi's death. As news filtered in that her assailants belonged to the Sikh community, a horrific anti-Sikh pogrom began on the evening of October 31 in the suburbs of Delhi staged by anti-social elements allegedly at the behest of local Congress politicians who wanted to teach the Sikhs a lesson. The rioters targeted Sikhs systematically using electoral lists to identify Sikh families in the suburbs of Mongolpuri, Palam, Shahdara, Trilokpuri, Sultanpuri and Trans-Yamuna region.
The anti-Sikh riots
The violence began on the evening of October 31 itself in and around the neighbourhood of AIIMS, and soon spread to pockets of the city where there were Gurudwaras, and finally the suburbs, lasting till November 3. The mobs used knives, iron rods and clubs to attack male members of Sikh families, and later doused their bodies with inflammable liquids to burn them and destroy evidence. The mobs alleged to be incited by prominent members of the Congress viz. H. K. L. Bhagat, Jagdish Tytler, Lalit Maken, and Sajjan Kumar who were said to have supplied the rioters with weapons, cash and other logistical support to carry out the carnage for over four days. The riots are said to have killed at least 3000 Sikhs in the Delhi-NCR region and displaced scores of Sikhs by burning the Sikh business establishments in the area. The violence is said to have affected other parts of India as well taking the body count as high as 8000 till it was brought under control. The violence ironically happened in the backdrop of the swearing-in of Indira Gandhi's eldest son, Rajiv Gandhi as the new Prime Minister at the invitation of President Giani Zail Singh who was the first Sikh occupant of the august office.
The anti-Sikh riots outraged Sikhs all over the world and fuelled the Khalistan movement with young recruits rushing to enlist in the movement. The Khalistan insurgency was to haunt Punjab and the Indian government till early 1990s killing scores of innocent civilians and government officials. It was sustained by the support of Pakistan's ISI and a section of overseas Sikhs who misguidedly thought that the Sikh community's cause would be better served by secession. However, systematic and careful handling of counter-insurgency measures later in the 1990s helped the government bring the Punjab militancy to an end; though not before the loss of thousands of lives due to the flames of religious extremism and uncaring governmental response to the problem.
