Pin 1 Share 46 Shares
This voice over guide should help you understand what voiceover is all about.
I'm often asked…
How do I get into Voiceovers?
…by a multitude of people from different professions and it's a complicated answer. It's complicated because the question is a little ambiguous; it could mean…
I'm an actor, how do I get voiceover work?
…or it could mean…
I've been told I've got a nice voice and that I should make some money doing commercials – how do I do that?
Different questions, different answers. More than that, why am I, Hugh Edwards, singled out to be asked this question so many times?
Let me explain. I'm a voice director and a casting director. I've worked in VO for the last 15 years, have cast literally thousands of jobs and have directed hundreds of individual projects. I've worked in gaming, television and films through my company High Score Productions. More to the point though, (with Peter Dickson) I've trained over 20,000 people indirectly with our online voice courses, and more than 2,000 people in-person to be voice artists, so I feel like I'm qualified to answer the question in the first place.
Which one? The question I'm going to answer is the latter question – how does one become a voice artist with zero-experience? (The trained actors out there can pick it up about half-way through!)
A Voice Over Guide For Beginners
Firstly, here's what you need for a career as a Voiceover Artist:
A good voice – aurally and (often overlooked) physiologically. Training Perseverance, grit and determination A thick skin (Initially) a second/alternate source of income.
That's it! That's all you need.
But hang on, being a voiceover artist is just talking right? Surely anyone can do it?
This misconception is at the root of so many wasted hours of effort and disappointment that it isn't funny. It's the same as saying
I can hold a spanner, so I can fix a Forumla 1 car
…quite clearly not the same thing. Being a professional voice artist takes a huge amount of skill, lots and lots of practice and hard work, much rejection and disappointment failing many castings, perseverance, more practice, experience and…talent.
Eyes hurting from all that reading? You can always watch our webinar instead!
Still Want to be a Voice Artist?
So if you're still with me after all that, and you want to become a voice artist, then good for you – you can do it, and there is room in the industry for everyone. The great thing about the voiceover industry is that it's an ever-changing beast and the old stalwarts rarely move with the times; fashions change, fads come and go and so there is opportunity everywhere.
The Internet Century has brought with it access to millions of jobs and employment opportunities and best of all….
…it's easy to stand out and be noticed because there are so many voiceover artists out there who don't have points 1-5 above.
What Work is Available?
There are many areas of the voiceover industry where one can find work, for example:
Commercial Voiceover (TV)
Commercial Voiceover (Radio)
Commercial Voiceover (Web)
Commercial Voiceover (Cinema)
Narrative Voiceover (Documentary, Web)
Narrative Voiceover (Character-based)
Corporate Voiceover (Working directly for companies)
E-Learning Voiceover
Character-Based Voiceover
Voice of God (Live Events)
Dramatic Voiceover (Radio Plays etc)
Audiobooks
Telephony & IVR's
Gaming Voiceover
…and that really is just using broad strokes, and just a start. In fact, there is so much voiceover done in the world today that you barely notice that it's there half the time – apps have it, programmes have it, trains have it, museums have it, your phone has it, shopping malls have it….the list goes on.
There is work here, and there's plenty of it.
Great! How Do I Get Started!
You start with the first realisation – you currently have zero hours voiceover experience and are at the back of the queue. This isn't to say that you won't be a good voice, it's that currently (even if your voice is nice to listen to) you aren't a voiceover artist yet. Applying for jobs at this point can actually hinder your career – if you do actually get one, and then find yourself in a studio, the chances are you're going to seriously flounder once push comes to shove, and you'll then be remembered with that client for being an amateur.
No James, I said I wanted a ‘half-beat'. I didn't want you to hit the microphone…
The first place to start is to take a beginners training course. This is going to get you started and a good one is going to give you a grounding and basic theory which you can then start practicing with.
You will, of course, come across many ‘old timers' in the voiceover industry who will tell you:
I have been voicing for the last 20 years and I never had a days training in my life!
…which may be true (it probably isn't), but that simply doesn't apply to new voice artists wanting to be in the industry today. There were (comparatively) few voices around then, and maybe it was ok to learn how to do voiceovers in front of clients (and on their time and budget) but that certainly isn't the case now. You also didn't need to have a degree to be a school teacher then, but you do now. Things change.
Then, you practice. You practice. You practice.
If you want sample scripts, you can get them at Gravy For The Brain here, or you can simply pick up a newspaper and start reading. What you need to learn first are core-reading skills.
Stop Blocking Beginners!
Blocking is a term that Peter and I have coined over the last 4 years of training new voice artists. It effectively means this: Read a bit, deliver a bit, read a bit, deliver a bit.
What it means is that people haven't learned to sight-read properly and so read their scripts in ‘blocks'. You can see it quite clearly in the waveform of the final recording (it looks like blocks rather than fluid dialogue) and it just isn't how people speak. From our experience over 80% of new voices block their dialogue without realising they are doing it. It's quite easy to overcome with the right training, but sight-reading is one of the most important skills that you will learn, and right at the start.
The net result of someone who hasn't learned to sight-read properly is that their deliveries are very staccato in nature and to voice/casting directors, a dead giveaway that this person is an amateur, who they can avoid.
I only mention blocking to illustrate one of literally hundreds of skills that need to be learned as a voice artist.
Is that It? That's Easy!
Other skills you will need to learn (and this is most definitely not a definitive list – as with all humans, we are individual and everyone is different and needs differentiated training) – are as follows:
How to interpret copy
How to properly project
Microphone control
Hydrating yourself and the ramifications of why that's important
How to breath life into your deliveries
Characterisation
How to stop plosives
How to use the bass-proximity effect
How to use the content of your copy in your delivery
Mastering emphasis
Mastering inflection and prosody
Accepting and learning to love your own recorded voice
The art of self-direction
The art of listening to directors
How to create different styles
Applying humanisation to your delivery
How to do commercials – ‘in-town' and ‘out-of-town' reads
The current fashions and trends in narration
…et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And there is much more than this. So, yes, you have a great voice, but no you aren't yet a voice artist – you need training.
Recording Everything
The trend today is moving away from recording in professional recording studios in towns and cities, and moving towards voice-artists recording themselves in their own home studios. This has come about for a few reasons; the internet century has brought huge competition to the VO world and VO's who can offer a complete recording for, say, an audiobook without incurring a studio charge (or for less than the combined voice fee and studio fee) have started to win the battles.
The second reason is that the internet has opened up all voices to be able to work for anyone globally, which distance negates (in many cases) the possibility of client and voice being in the same room at the same time.
The third reason is the rise in technology of both internet speeds and ISDN replacements (i.e., peer to peer studio connections) and things like skype, all of which have dramatically dropped in price and so are no longer the sole domain of recording studios.
Lastly the cost of setting up a home studio has also dropped dramatically, and you can now create a viable recording space with a good mic and software for less than £400/$600 – a sound investment if you'll excuse the pun.
What does this mean for the budding voiceover artist? It means that there is both extra opportunity in the marketplace to harness skills you already have, and/or that you also need to learn how to record and process your voice if you want to compete in today's marketplace.
The people who succeed here are those who accept this as an exciting step forward rather than groan about another thing they have to learn – again, the ‘old-guard' aren't moving very quickly in this space, and there is opportunity because of that.
How will I get Work?!
In the old days, you had to have a voice agent or an acting agent to get voiceover work, or I suppose you had to be courting the daughter of the Director General of the BBC. Thankfully, those days are gone, and there is now a plethora of opportunity on the internet.
Pay To Play sites, or subscription sites, are now hugely popular and you can easily join some of these, pay your money and start receiving auditions. Effectively they are voice agents that you pay to be on the books of.
These are a fantastic resource for one very important reason. My experience of casting from these sites is that more than 80% of the casting clips I receive back are appalling and go straight in the bin. This means that it's comparatively easy to stand out on these sites just by learning how to cast properly, which most voices don't do well.
Again though, this needs a little training, it's easy to do, but it's not immediately obvious, which is why people are so bad at it en-masse.
The Voice Acting Gold Rush
The Internet Century has also brought unprecedented access to every single company in the world who you can approach for voice work. Many will not need voices, many will, and many more do need them and do not realise that they do – the gold rush has started so be quick to get your patch.
Finally, the other question that I'm frequently asked is:
How long does it take to become a professional voice artist?
The answer of course is:
How Long is a Piece of String?
…it differs for everyone entirely, based on their previous skill-set, their level of training, their self-awareness, their intelligence, their desire to succeed and all the other things that affect how quickly people learn.
As a rough guide though, from complete beginner to a working voice artist, we have seen our students (on average) do this in about a year. Some students are super-keen and practice every day, and do it in 3 months, some do not practice at all, do it as a hobby or a sideline, and are ready in a year and a half.
It's important to note here, that this is my impression of how long it takes to go from a cold start to being a working professional, and of course there are many things in between – you can voice before that point, and it's a good idea if you do – contact charities, hospital radio, friends who own companies anyone who can help you on your path.
This is why you probably need a second source of income as you learn – it's incredibly rare that people can just dive straight in and make a living out of voiceovers straight away – it takes time and effort to learn the skills and build up your client list.
It's also why you need perseverance, grit and determination.
It's not all doom and gloom though. It's a marvellous career – you meet lots of interesting people, you can earn huge amounts of money, your voice (and therefore you) can become global entities (for example, the products I've directed have had a combined audience of over 300 Million people at the last rough count!) but it isn't easy.
So to summarise this voice over guide, you need:
A good voice – aurally and (often overlooked) physiologically. Training Perseverance, grit and determination A thick skin (Initially) a second/alternate source of income.
And the rest….is up to you….
After two months in rehab, Mayor Rob Ford has emerged to ask voters for forgiveness and another chance.
In so doing, he said things he has never said before, consistent with someone sincerely trying to recover from addiction.
The first is his admission he is addicted to alcohol and drugs.
The second is his realization he will be an addict for the rest of his life, regardless of whether he succeeds in living clean and sober from now on, or relapses and has to start over again.
The third is he accepts he alone is responsible for the reckless things he has done and the vile things he has said under the influence of drugs and alcohol.
Fourth, he's aware there are “triggers” which cause him to use alcohol and drugs that he must avoid.
Finally, Ford has begun the process of apologizing to those he has harmed, although public apologies like the one he offered mayoral candidate Karen Stintz for his misogynistic remarks about her, are only part of the healing process for an addict.
Equally important is to apologize personally to those one has harmed, regardless of whether they accept that apology.
It's not up to the media, or council, or Ford's opponents in the mayoral race, to decide if Ford should be re-elected as mayor. That's up to the people of Toronto.
But in our view, the most credible sign Ford fully understands the nature of his addiction, would have been for him to announce his resignation on Monday.
By staying on and campaigning for re-election for the next four months, Ford has plunged himself back into a public and political pressure cooker.
That greatly increases the chances he will relapse into addiction and with it, the irresponsible behaviours he has exhibited as an addict, including lying, consorting with criminals and making racist, homophobic and misogynistic remarks.
Even if Ford wins on Oct. 27 — and polling shows it's possible — he has so alienated council, his agenda of fiscal restraint will be impossible to implement.
On a human level, we wish Ford well as he begins his life-long battle against addiction.
But on a political level, we do not believe he should be the mayor of Toronto.
California Gov. Jerry Brown just signed into law a controversial bill that will require almost all schoolchildren in the state to be vaccinated — unless they have a medical reason for opting out.
The law means parents can no longer refuse to vaccinate their children for religious or philosophical reasons.
The bill, SB277, was a response to a large measles outbreak that originated at the Disneyland theme park in the state in December. Since then, more than 160 people across the United States have been diagnosed with the disease (the majority of them in California). The mandate has faced fierce opposition from anti-vaccine groups, which have been campaigning against the bill since it was introduced in February.They say a vaccine mandate is unconstitutional and overrides parents' rights to make decisions for their kids.
Gov. Brown said he signed the bill in the interest of public health, making California the third and biggest state with such a mandate, after Mississippi and West Virginia.
California's law requires kids to get vaccinated unless they have a medical exemption
The story of SB277 started last February: Following the Disneyland measles outbreak, California lawmakers introduced legislation that would require children to receive mandatory vaccines before starting school. Under the law, the only people who can opt out are those who have a medical reason, such as an allergy or a disease that would make them unfit for the shots. And unvaccinated kids can only be homeschooled.
In April, the bill passed the state Senate health committee by a 6-2 vote. "I've personally witnessed the suffering caused by vaccine-preventable diseases, and all children deserve to be safe at school," Democratic Sen. Richard Pan, the bill's co-author and a pediatrician, said in a statement. (Benjamin Allen, another democratic senator, was the bill's other author.)
On May 14, SB277 made it through a final vote on the Senate floor. Last Thursday, the general assembly approved the mandate on a bipartisan vote of 46-31, and today Gov. Jerry Brown signed the bill — its final step.
"The science is clear that vaccines dramatically protect children against a number of infectious and dangerous diseases," Brown wrote in a statement. "While it's true that no medical intervention is without risk, the evidence shows that immunization powerfully benefits and protects the community."
California will now be the biggest state with such a mandate, and only the third — after Mississippi and West Virginia — without a religious and personal-belief vaccine exemption.
There's fierce opposition to California's bill
The bill wasn't guaranteed to make it past the governor's desk. Similar efforts to end the personal-belief exemption failed in Oregon and Washington. And the California measure has been the subject of emotionally charged debate.
Ahead of last week's assembly vote, one opposition group paid for robocalls from a woman claiming to be a mother and saying the bill would "take away our right to make important medical decisions for our children," according to local news.
Another group, A Voice for Choice, ran highly charged advertisements in the Sacramento Bee newspaper depicting the tombstones of children who died from "lethal vaccination."
As one of the group's members said in the Los Angeles Times, "We are pulling out all the stops. This bill is unconstitutional." On the bill's signing today, another opponent said in the Times, "I'm heartbroken... It's so coercive. It's so punitive."
Supporters of SB277, including Gov. Brown, argued the measure is necessary to protect public health.
There is no evidence-based reason to refuse or delay vaccines
Vaccines are overwhelmingly safe, and documented harms from them are infinitesimally remote. The reason for this push for better vaccine uptake has to do with herd immunity: you need to have a certain level of vaccine coverage in a population in order to stop a disease from spreading. Vaccinated people help prevent diseases from moving through a population and protect those who can't get vaccinated, such as infants or people with medical exemptions.
Researchers have pointed out that the government-approved schedule is appropriate, based on when kids are most at risk for diseases and when their immune systems are most receptive to them.
Even so, there has been a growing "vaccine delayer" movement, whereby parents are increasingly creating their own vaccine schedules — delaying some vaccines and refusing others based on beliefs about the harms of shots, particularly that kids get "too many, too soon."
"There is just no science to [delaying vaccines]," Dr. Doug Opel, a Seattle pediatrician who studies vaccines, told me. "What gets lost a lot of the time is that there's an incredible amount of data underlying the recommended schedule."
To read more about the parents who are opting to create their own vaccine schedules, see our feature "The vaccine delayers."
In California, the state-level vaccination rates are over 90 percent — but there are pockets of resistance in some schools and communities, where the opt-out rate can be as high as 50 percent.
The people who oppose these measures invoke their own facts and a personal-choice narrative. As one of the bill's detractors, Republican Sen. Jim Nielsen, told the Sacramento Bee: "I have very profound feelings about parental rights and responsibilities and great dismay in American society over the decades how much that parental right, that parental responsibility, has diminished."
The good news, however, is that these parents are still in the minority in the United States. Though vaccine delayers outnumber outright vaccine deniers (a 2011 survey of parents of young kids found that more than one in 10 used an alternative vaccine schedule), the overwhelming majority of parents chose to vaccinate their kids right on time.
SAN FRANCISCO -- Since the day Oculus VR premiered on Kickstarter in 2012 the question has been: "How will users control these virtual reality video games?" That question was answered Thursday when the Facebook-owned company announced a new partnership with Microsoft to bundle Xbox One controllers alongside the Rift headset.
The company made the announcement at an event where they finally gave detailed information on the first consumer version of the Rift, which is set to start shipping early next year. Phil Spencer, Microsoft's Head of Xbox, announced that Oculus gamers will be able to stream Xbox One games on their Rift headsets. After the show, Spencer spoke with the International Business Times and answered a few questions.
International Business Times: What motivated you guys to do this partnership?
Phil Spencer: For the real motivation, I go back to our origins with Windows when there were hardware companies doing real innovative work on top of our platform, and I think that's a good spot for us to be with Microsoft supporting these ecosystems. Some times we'll participate with products, like the Xbox, but in other opportunities it's best to find people who are doing amazing work and just say "What can we do to help you guys be more successful with your product?" And that's where we are with Oculus VR. I've known [Oculus VR CEO] Brendan Iribe for years, I've known the team, so it was natural because of the relationship. It was fun to come out and do this with them.
IBTimes: How does the partnership work? Will you guys get a licensing fee for each Xbox One controller?
Spencer: I won't go into the details, but it's nothing too complex. If you thought about how you might get a controller from us, it's kind of like that. On the other stuff, in terms of the technical integration, it's just working collaboratively on things that we're good at. There's not a financial thing there on the streaming. It's just we want them to be successful, we want Windows to be successful, and if people can play Xbox games in more places, we think that's good for everyone.
IBTimes: How will the Oculus Rift stream Xbox One games?
Spencer: It's really nice. It's a 2-D display in a 3-D world, so we're not turning all the Xbox games into virtual reality games. But the fact that you get a big screen -- the screen kind of feels like that (Spencer points to a giant projection screen at the event thats about 7 feet by 10 feet) -- and the fact that everything else is nonexistent, everything else is blacked out, your mind's eye is on the screen, it's really a nice, immersive, dark experience. And a lot of the guys back at the office, that's the way they want to play.
IBTimes: How will this partnership impact the Hololens, the augmented reality headset Microsoft announced earlier this year?
Spencer: This partnership allows us to focus on a space that's different from them with our Hololens, which has a lot of things still to be figured out. This partnership seemed like the right for me. The whole Hololens team sent me a picture -- they actually watched the briefing with the Hololens on, streaming the picture on the wall. It's like the most surreal thing, but they were all really excited about the show.
Bacteria that feed on methane can control its concentration once it is released from the ocean floor. This can potentially stop the greenhouse gas from entering the atmosphere. But ocean currents can easily disturb dinner, according to new study in Nature Geoscience.
Text: Maja Sojtaric
Offshore the Svalbard archipelago, methane gas is seeping out of the seabed at the depths of several hundred meters. These cold seeps are a home to communities of microorganisms that survive in a chemosynthetic environment – where the fuel for life is not the sun, but the carbon rich greenhouse gas.
There is a large, and relatively poorly understood, community of methane-consuming bacteria in this environment. They gorge on the gas, control its concentration in the ocean, and stop it from reaching the ocean surface and released into the atmosphere.
In the atmosphere methane is a much more potent climate gas than CO 2 and it can amplify current global warming.
However, a new study published in Nature Geoscience shows that ocean currents can have a strong impact on this bacterial methane filter.
Varies drastically
Oceanographer Benedicte Férré, who is a team leader at CAGE, is a co-author of the study. It shows that the level of activity of the methane-consuming bacteria varied drastically over very short time spans.
The international team of scientists behind this study was able to detect that the fluctuations in bacterial communities changed at the whim of the West Spitsbergen Current that carries warm water from Norwegian Sea to the Arctic Ocean. Important oceanographic factors such as water temperature and salinity changed.
The warm and salty current swept over the methane seeping sites, and carried bacteria communities away, thus disturbing methane filtration processes.
Important for the future release
These bacteria filter could become even more important in the future, because environmental change can cause bottom water warming in the Arctic Ocean.
As a consequence methane rich gas hydrates in the ocean floor dissociate, and release even more gas to the water column. This could increase food supply for bacteria. But whether bacteria are able to consume the methane depends on ocean current dynamics as documented by Ferre and her team.
Future methane release from the ocean to the atmosphere will depend on ocean currents.
“We were able to show that strength and variability of ocean currents control the prevalence of methanotrophic bacteria”, says Lea Steinle from University of Basel and the lead author of the study, ”therefore, large bacteria populations cannot develop in a strong current, which consequently leads to less methane consumption.”
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: I'm Amy Goodman, with Brewster Kahle, computer engineer, internet entrepreneur, digital librarian, and Rick Prelinger, who is an archivist, writer, filmmaker, founder of the Prelinger Archives, a collection of 60,000 films.
Brewster Kahle, you're trying to build a library of every book ever published.
BREWSTER KAHLE: Yes.
AMY GOODMAN: What are you doing?
BREWSTER KAHLE: The idea is we can build a Library of Alexandria version two. All the books, music, video ever published can be available to anybody anywhere that is curious enough to want to have access. That is our technological capability at this stage. The idea of, in digital form, you can actually put that in a small room, in terms of all of this in digital form. The physical materials, of course, also need to be protected, and come much larger. But the digital material can be digitized and made available, copyright willing, to anywhere—anybody, anywhere.
AMY GOODMAN: You have fought Google over their digitizing of libraries and your fear of their privatizing major libraries in this country. Explain that battle.
BREWSTER KAHLE: Yes, Google launched a very ambitious project to digitize some of the great libraries of the world. What became clear as this unfolded—and there were some—that their ambition was much more than just being a search capability as to be the bookstore, the library for the world. And we don't need the library for the world. We need a library system. We need many libraries, lots of different perspectives. And there was a lawsuit we helped, on the anti-Google side, in filing amicus briefs. And we won that one, so that the one library to rule them all has been slowed down or stopped. Now is our possibility to build an open library system, using some of the technologies of the Googles and Yahoos and Microsofts to be able to build something really great and distribute it.
AMY GOODMAN: What they were trying to do with the various libraries, from Harvard to other libraries, was they would digitize them, then they would have what? The rights to them?
BREWSTER KAHLE: They were digitizing the public domain works and basically putting those under contractual obligations. So now you can't even download the Google books without typing in an obscure phrase to be able to get one book at a time. This doesn't make any sense. Then they took the out-of-print works, the 20th century works, and they had this scheme to go and have—basically make it into one big bookstore and license it so that people can only access it through Google in libraries. And this, of course, doesn't make any sense, either. And so, that was the thing that has been most recently stopped.
RICK PRELINGER: And in the meantime, Internet—
AMY GOODMAN: Rick Prelinger.
RICK PRELINGER: In the meantime, Internet Archive was scanning books and making them publicly available with no restrictions. And we built up an extremely large open library.
AMY GOODMAN: I went to Archive.org in San Francisco and saw the machines where people sit and they turn the pages, as you scan these. And this is happening—you're doing this around the world?
BREWSTER KAHLE: We're doing this in 26 locations in six countries. It costs us about 10 cents a page, or about $30 a book, to photograph and then make it accessible and searchable for anybody. And this works for not only the older books, the public domain works, but the more recent books, where we're making them available to the blind and dyslexic for free, also via lending, so one copy can be circulating digitally, emulating the restrictions of the old library system, to be able to make it so that people can have access to the long tail of materials that may still be under copyright but not accessible commercially.
AMY GOODMAN: This goes to one of our questions sent into our Facebook page. Larry Nocella asks, quote, “I admire the idea of preserving all that television footage,” talking about the 9/11 project, “but it seems a bit like information overload. Will the archival footage also have transcripts? How will it be searchable?”
BREWSTER KAHLE: Ah, boy, is that the big question? When you have this much material—and we have now millions of television hours—how do you move through it? We have the electronic program guides for everything, but that only gets you down to an hour of television. And for American television, fortunately, we've got the closed-caption data, which has been put on top of television broadcasts because of—to aid the deaf. We've been recording those since 2002. So, as newer archives than the September 11th Archive become available, those will be searchable, and you can find them based on speaker, what was said, across at least the American collections. We're working with universities to try to get speech to text to get the rest of it.
AMY GOODMAN: Rick Prelinger, you're working on an interesting project, a non-corporate view of history in the world. Explain your home movie project.
RICK PRELINGER: Right. I've been a home movie archivist and collector for a number of years, part of a very active community, especially of emerging archivists. And home movies are astonishing, because they're, as you say, personal, not corporate, expression. They're individuals witnessing history, not simply great events, but also history of everyday life. And we're building a home movie collection at the Internet Archive for all of us to compare, understand, experience, to reuse, and for the use of scholars. And we hope that this will really change the way that people look at film, because film is not just movies that you go to and pay 10 bucks to see. Movies are also the way we look at each other.
AMY GOODMAN: How are you collecting these home movies?
RICK PRELINGER: Many of them come from families who contribute them. Some of them are, you know, the usual estate sales, eBay, all that sort of thing, just trying to rescue these bits that would otherwise be landfilled.
AMY GOODMAN: Brewster Kahle, do you think computers have improved the world? Are you concerned about the—the same way people benefit tremendously from having such incredible access to information, it is concentrated information and is gathering information on all of us.
BREWSTER KAHLE: What a mixed blessing we've built. When we've done out the graphs of how websites are used, the blessing is that they're—even if you're in the top 100,000 websites, you have a way of getting to a worldwide population. This wasn't true when I was growing up. You either made it in the top 10, top 20 of whatever, or you were basically marginalized. On the other hand, we have 10 organizations that control 20 percent of all of the web viewing, 10 organizations worldwide. This is an enormous concentration of power. So the idea of making a distributed network has allowed concentration as well as distribution. We tend to be on the distribution side, but it's a mixed blessing.
AMY GOODMAN: And where are you building your library?
BREWSTER KAHLE: We're building a physical library now and archiving physical books in Richmond, California. So these books are protected in boxes and then in converted shipping containers to be able to handle the environmental controls, and then the—and then in warehouses protected by nonprofits. The digital materials, we can make copies of. And we've—we have two copies within the United States, and we have a partial copy in Alexandria, Egypt, which is, I guess, fitting, as we have a large-scale swap agreement with them to archive their materials, and they archive ours. And also in Amsterdam, we have a partial copy. If there are five or six copies of these materials worldwide, I think I'd feel safe.
AMY GOODMAN: We have to wrap on that. I want to thank you, Brewster Kahle, and you, Rick Prelinger, remarkable digital archivists and librarians.
Donald Trump is the first President in history to have a Cabinet meeting go viral. If you haven't seen it yet, you must watch the video of Trump going around the table on Monday morning and eliciting gushing testimonials and expressions of loyalty from his own appointees.
Mike Pence set the tone, saying, “The greatest privilege of my life is to serve as Vice-President to a President who is keeping his word to the American people, assembling a team that is bringing real change, real prosperity, real strength back to our nation.” Elaine Chao, the Transportation Secretary, thanked Trump for “getting the country moving again.” Sonny Perdue, the Agriculture Secretary, assured the President, “I just back got from Mississippi: they love you there.” Steven Mnuchin, the Treasury Secretary, described working for Trump as “great honor.” And Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff, thanked the President for “the opportunity and the blessing that you have given us to serve your agenda and the American people.”
So it went—part North Korean Politburo rah-rah session and part opening scene from “The Godfather.” A willingness to genuflect before a thin-skinned egomaniac is the price of serving in—or working closely with—this Administration. But why are so many powerful people willing to pay this price?
In his remarks on Monday, Priebus, the former head of the Republican National Committee, offered a clue to the answer. Priebus's use of the word “blessing” rightly earned him some ridicule, but his assurance to Trump that the machinery of government was working to further “your agenda” was much more significant. Clearly, Priebus and his fellow-Republicans want Trump to believe that the agenda being advanced in Washington today is his, and for the President's supporters to believe this, too. But that's not necessarily accurate.
In Trump's campaign speeches, his biggest applause lines came when he promised to prevent people from Muslim countries from entering the United States, when he pledged to build a wall on the border with Mexico, and when he advocated protectionist measures to save American jobs. Trump generated support and momentum for his campaign by offering voters an inflammatory brew of Islamophobia and economic nationalism. Today, however, this agenda is largely stalled. The courts have rejected the anti-Muslim travel ban, and Congress has rejected the wall. Meanwhile, Trump himself has embraced the Saudi Arabian monarchy, which helped popularize Islamist extremism, and has backed off from his threats to withdraw from NAFTA and impose hefty tariffs on goods from Mexico and China.
In the place of Trumpism, the Trump Administration is promoting and facilitating a much less popular agenda, which will end up hurting many Trump voters: the anti-government agenda of post-Reagan Republicanism. Controversial policies that conservatives have wanted to introduce for years are making their way through legislative and administrative processes. To be sure, the progress has been uneven, and the Trump Administration still hasn't passed a landmark piece of legislation. But look closely.
In the Senate, a group of Republicans is quietly working on a health-care bill that, it seems, will largely mimic the toxic American Health Care Act, which the House of Representatives passed last month. (Under the A.H.C.A., subsidies for purchasing health insurance would be reduced; premiums would go up, especially for the sick and elderly; and Medicaid would be slashed.) Just as radical as the contents of the bill is the way that it is being developed in utter secrecy. Evidently, Mitch McConnell, the Senate Majority Leader, intends to keep it under wraps until a few days before he forces a floor vote, which was the same tactic that Paul Ryan, the Speaker of the House, used in the lower chamber. If things go according to plan, there will be no committee hearings, no input from outside groups, and no independent scoring of the bill from the Congressional Budget Office.
House Republicans, meanwhile, passed the Financial CHOICE Act, last week, which takes aim at the Dodd-Frank financial-reform act of 2010. The House bill would eliminate or weaken many elements of Dodd-Frank, including the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which helped uncover that Wells Fargo was ripping off many of its customers. On the campaign trail, Trump promised to crack down on Wall Street. But, after the election, he quickly abandoned that promise. On Monday, the Treasury Department issued a report on financial regulation that endorsed loosening many of the post-financial-crisis restrictions that banks face.
Legislation is only part of the story. On the Supreme Court, Justice Neil Gorsuch is already demonstrating why the Heritage Foundation and other right-wing groups were so giddy about his nomination. And, at regulatory institutions such as the Environmental Protection Agency, the Federal Communications Commission, and the National Labor Relations Board, Trump has appointed, or is in the process of appointing, officials who hew to the lines laid down by conservative think tanks and their corporate donors.
About the only areas that Trump has ruled off-limits are Social Security and Medicare. And even here Republicans are exploiting his ignorance, or lack of interest, in order to make cuts. Enacting the American Health Care Act would deplete the Medicare Trust Fund. And Trump's own budget would cut disability-insurance benefits, which are part of the Social Security system.
Trump isn't merely enabling the Republican right; with his daily pratfalls and incendiary statements, he is also drawing attention away from the Party's policy initiatives. Imagine for a moment if a more normal Republican—a Marco Rubio or a Jeb Bush or a John Kasich—were in the White House. With no James Comey, Robert Mueller, or Jeff Sessions to chew on, the news networks would surely be focussing on health-care reform and the scandalous manner in which the G.O.P. is trying to ram through a piece of legislation that would affect a sixth of the American economy and cause tens of millions of Americans to lose their insurance.
Back in the nineteen-seventies, Lord Hailsham, an eminent British jurist, popularized a term for this type of behavior: elective dictatorship. He applied it to the British system, in which a government that has a healthy majority in Parliament can ride roughshod over the opposition. With Trump in the White House and the Republicans running Capitol Hill, elective dictatorship appears to have crossed the Atlantic.
Small wonder, then, that so many Republicans are willing to kiss Trump's ring. He's given the G.O.P. what it has long wanted: a White House willing to go along with its reactionary agenda, and a President who provides it with political cover. As long as Trump sticks to his side of the deal, he can expect to receive the loyalty he so prizes.
While on assignment in North Korea, Associated Press Chief Photographer for Asia David Guttenfelder had the opportunity to snap shots on his iPhone and iPod Touch and share them through Instagram. This would be a first for anyone to directly post their geotagged photos to the app from the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK).
The photographer explains: “On Jan. 18, 2013, foreigners were allowed for the first time to bring mobile phones into North Korea. And this week the local service provider, Koryolink, is allowing foreigners to access the Internet on a data capable 3G connection on our mobile phones. In the past I could post geolocated phone photos to my Instagram feed by turning my online laptop into a hotspot to link my iPhone or iPod touch by wifi. But, today I'm posting this directly from my phone while riding in the back of a van in #Pyongyang. The window on to North Korea has opened another crack. Meanwhile, for Koreans here who will not have access to the same service, the window remains shut.”
The photographer's stay in Pyongyang, North Korea (his 20th trip to the country) has just recently ended, but his captured images live on and provide insight to this part of the world that we hardly ever get to see from the inside. Guttenfelder says, “I feel I can help open a window into a place that would otherwise rarely be seen by outsiders. As one of the few international photographers who have ever had regular access to the country, I feel a huge responsibility to share what I see and to show it as accurately as I can.”
Top photo: A group of children plays with one of Guttenfelder's cameras.
A view of Pyongyang, North Korea from the photographer's hotel.
“North Koreans ride an escalator past a model of the country's Unha-3 rocket as they enter an exhibition in #Pyongyang of #Kimjongilia flowers named after the late leader Kim Jong Il.”
“A North Korean doctor and a bank of video monitors inside a #Pyongyanghospital.”
“North Korean babies rest in a row of cribs at the #Pyongyang Maternity Hospital.”
“A surreal mass synchronized swimming performance in #Pyongyang, North Korea tonight.”
“A North Korean guide uses a pointer at the start of a tour of an historic site.”
Students working on computers in their winter coats and hats at a massive library called The Grand People's Study House.
“The yet to be completed 105-story pyramid shaped Ryugyong Hotel can be seen from about anywhere you stand in Pyongyang. The North Koreans started building it around 1987.”
“The huge planetarium that looks like Saturn called the Three Revolution Exhibition Hall.”
“North Korean commuters pass by propaganda posters in #Pyongyang.”
“Painted #Propaganda, showing North Korean children in armed services uniforms attacking U.S., Japanese & SKorean soldiers, hangs in a room inside a#Pyongyang kindergarten.”
“Charicatures of American and Japanese solders are stored in a room at Kaeson Kindergarten in #Pyongyang. Children throw things at the faces and pretend to shoot or bayonette them with toy guns during a schoolyard game.”
“Example haircuts on display at a barbershop in #Pyongyang.”
“The highway, heading south to #Pyongyang, North Korea. Four lanes wide and few cars to be found.”
“A restaurant in the Hyangsan Hotel at the foot of Mt. Myohyang, North Korea. We're the only guests in this hotel.”
“A pin over the heart of every North Korean citizen.”
David Guttenfelder website
David Guttenfelder on Instagram
via [Storify, Instagram Blog]
NASHIK: The first overhauled Sukhoi-30 aircraft will be handed over to the Indian Air Force by the Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL), Nashik division, on Friday.
This will be the first time ever that a used Sukhoi will be returned to the field.Defence minister Manohar Parrikar, chief of air staff Arup Raha and HAL chairman R K Tyagi will be present on the occasion. The handing over ceremony will take place at HAL Nashik division at Ozar at 10.30 am on Friday %and the actual handover %will be done between 11.45 am to 12.30 pm.Managing director (MiG Complex) S Subrahmanyan of HAL Nashik division told TOI, "We are the first in the world to hand over an overhauled Su-30 to the Air Force after its full completion of 10 years and 1,500 hours of flight. Even Russia has not done it."Subrahmanyan said repair and overhaul is done for aircraft completing 10 years or 1,500 flying hours and the Sukhoi had completed both. A complete aircraft check has to be done after this period. All aircraft come back to the aircraft division after they have completed this period. "We got more than 750 aggregates. Now, the aircraft will fly for another 10 years or 1,500 hours before it returns for an overhaul," he said.The division is well laid out on a sprawling complex of 1.48 crore sq m with a built-up area of 1.73 lakh sq m and is equipped with state-of-the-art plant, machinery, equipment and infrastructure. The work of upgrading MiG-29s is under way at Nashik, along with repair and overhaul of MiG-21 aircraft variants, MiG-27 aircraft and their aggregates and rotables.The overhaul includes evaluation of the aircraft, technical state and their maintainability, evaluation of technical and maintainability of aggregates and systems, check up of package contents, aircraft acceptance by flight and test complex.It includes aircraft visual inspection, engine start, fuel and oil discharge from fuel and oil systems; weighting, levelling and preservation of the aircraft, check up of aggregate and the logbooks of the airframe, engines and auxiliary power unit, disassembly of the aircraft, washing and flaw detection of the aggregates and components, flaw detection and overhaul of aggregates and components, flaw detection and repair of the airframe.The Nashik plant has manufactured 150 Sukhois from 2008, which is one of the best aircraft in the world. The MD had informed that the Nashik division was in the raw material phase and produces 73 raw material parts here. "Earlier, every item used to go abroad for repair. Now, every item can be repaired and overhauled here," he had said in an interview with TOI.
It's been a long nine years since the release of one of the greatest games of all time - Half-Life 2 - and now Valve has admitted it has "no idea" what's happening witha much anticipated sequel.
In what could be taken as a joke as part of a special year-end issue for Game Informer, various studios were asked to list their New Year's Resolutions. Valve, the team behind the Half-Life series, didn't pull any punches.
“We promise to stop jerking fans around and admit we have no idea what we're going to do for Half Life 3,” the company said.
For its part, fellow game developers DICE promised to not include anything from the prequel trilogy for Star Wars Battlefront.
Valve hasn't exactly been keeping quiet, with updates to Steam, the Steam Machine, SteamOS and a host of other games coming soon, but it's anyone's guess if we'll see Half-Life 3 next year, if ever. Back in October however an internal staff tool heavily suggested the game's existence, meaning we could be re-joining Gordon Freeman and co. sooner rather than later.
Check out the Game Informer excerpt below:
Here's the deal: right now, there's a petition demanding reform to the Electronic Communications Privacy Act (known by its acronym, ECPA), a would-be privacy law passed in 1986. The Justice Department has argued this outdated law gives them the right to read your old emails and the documents you store in the cloud with a simple subpoena, rather than a judge-issued warrant. That's crazy—and unconstitutional—but we've got a chance to fix it. If we can get 100,000 signatures on this petition before December 12, President Obama will be forced to go on the record on this issue.
Click here to sign: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/reform-ecpa-tell-government-get-warrant/nq258dxk
We've got some long-running concerns about White House petitions: You have to create an account in order to sign and control of the personal information you enter will be governed by the Whitehouse.gov privacy policy. But if you're comfortable with that, we think getting this petition over 100,000 signers by the deadline is extremely important. And the substance of the petition is really good—a meaningful update to ECPA that will bring online privacy law into the 21st Century, something we've been demanding for years.
ECPA reform is within our reach. It's got momentum in Congress and a ton of support from industry. And although this is a very different issue from NSA mass spying, the attention on over-reaching surveillance has brought new life to the debate. Now we just have to show there's grassroots support for protecting the privacy of our documents and emails. Signing this petition is the first step.
Read more about ECPA.
Sen. David Perdue (R-Ga.) spoke at Faith & Freedom Coalition's conference on June 10, and invoked Psalm 109:8, saying "Let his days be few, and let another take his office." (C-SPAN)
Sen. David Perdue (R-Ga.), one of very few Republicans who have consistently defended Donald Trump's nomination, drew swift condemnation from Senate Democrats after asking voters to pray for President Obama to suffer on the way out of the White House.
"I think we're called to pray for our country, our leaders -- and yes, even our president," Perdue said at Friday morning's session of the Faith & Freedom Coalition's annual policy conference. "I think we should pray for Barack Obama, but we need to be very specific. We should pray like Psalm 109:8 says: Let his days be few, and let another take his office."
Perdue seemed to be telling a joke -- he started his next sentence with "in all seriousness" -- but Psalm 109 has repeatedly gotten Republicans in trouble during the Obama era. Bumper stickers reading "Pray for Obama: Psalm 109:8" appeared during the first year of his presidency, and from time to time, government officials have apologized or been laid off after citing it.
The problem is in the rest of the Psalm, which is aimed at "the wicked and the deceitful." The verses right after 109:8 delineate a series of curses:
Let his children be fatherless, and his wife a widow. Let his children be continually vagabonds, and beg: let them seek their bread also out of their desolate places. Let the extortioner catch all that he hath; and let the strangers spoil his labour. Let there be none to extend mercy unto him: neither let there be any to favor his fatherless children.
After Perdue's comments circulated on social media, the office of Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) condemned them.
“If Republicans are still wondering why Donald Trump is their nominee, look no further than today's Faith and Freedom conference where a sitting Republican Senator left the impression he was praying for the death of President Obama and then the Republican Leader followed him on stage and did not condemn him," said Reid's communications director Kristen Orthman.
Sen. David Perdue (R-Ga.) (David Goldman/AP)
Asked about the comment at today's White House press conference, Josh Earnest joked that the senator had not yet RSVP'd for the congressional picnic.
"As Senator Perdue considers whether or not an apology is appropriate, there are a variety of other Scripture he might consult," said Earnest.
Megan Whittemore, a spokeswoman for Perdue, criticized Democrats for reacting as if Perdue was dead serious.
"Senator Perdue said we are called to pray for our country, for our leaders and for our president," she said. "He in no way wishes harm towards our president and everyone in the room understood that. However, we should add the media to our prayer list because they are pushing a narrative to create controversy and that is exactly what the American people are tired of."
Open carry activists during a Chipotle event in Texas (Facebook)
Fresh off of eight years of stoking fear of America's first black president in order to encourage conservatives to heavily arm themselves, avid supporters of both gun manufacturers and the Second Amendment have set their sights on a new market: liberals who fear President-elect Donald Trump.
Writing at Monster Hunter Nation, libertarian-leaning Republican Larry Correia is encouraging liberals to buy guns.
Beginning with the caveat, “I'm a libertarian leaning Republican and gun expert, who thinks you are wrong about a lot of stuff, but I'm not writing this to gloat about your loss,” Correia states that he's only trying to be helpful.
“Before I get into the details about how to enjoy your newly discovered 2nd Amendment rights, let me just say that I get you're sad, angry, bitter, and fearful,” he wrote. “But just like my people over the last few elections, you'll get over it. The really hyperbolic freak outs about ‘Literally Hitler' make you sound just like the Alex Jones crowd worried that Obama was going to herd Christians into FEMA camps last time.”
Having said that, Corriea mocked the multiple reports of attacks and vandalism by supporters of Trump writing, “Many of you have been sharing every second hand account, rumor, and urban legend about some random doofus in Somnambulant, Wisconsin or Bumfight, Louisiana, shouting an ethnic slur or spray painting a swastika on a wall. Newsflash, in a country with a third of a billion people, some percentage of them are going to be assholes.”
“Whether you are being attacked because some jerk doesn't like your head scarf and you voted for Hillary, or getting pulled out of your car and beaten because the local hooliganry thinks you voted for Trump, or some dude with no coherent political philosophy beyond the voices in his head told him to murder you and rape your dog, it doesn't matte,” he adds. “There are evil people in the world, and they will hurt you simply because it amuses them.”
Using Correia's essay as a jumping off point, Bearing Arms recommends multiple weapons without noting a few salient facts.
According to the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence:
–Hungary Journal–
If the forecast, that 60 million people will come from Africa to Europe comes true, Western Europe will face not only cultural, ideological, economic and public health issues, but the significant deterioration of internal security as well, the Prime Minister's Chief Security Advisor told Echo TV.
Security chief Bakondi, reminded that the Visegrad Four countries have agreed to contribute 35 million euros to finance a border control programme in Libya managed by Italy, because another migration wave from Africa can have incalculable repercussions for Europe. He pointed out that in 2015 people arrived in Hungary from 106 countries, who completely disregarded the EU's and Hungary's laws.
Regarding whether there is an actual terror threat in Hungary, Bakondi said that Hungarian authorities have no information about concrete plans of terror acts.
A report surfaced earlier this week that linked Columbus Crew SC to Venezuelan forward/winger Jhon Murillo currently at Benfica. Murillo has yet to make an appearance for Benfica and has been on loan to Portuguese side C.D. Tondela for the past two years. He returned from Tondela and was listed by Benfica.
Reports note that Cypriot side Omonia Nicosia and Portuguese club Estoril are interested in Murillo's services. Crew SC's undisclosed bid was rejected.
Kristian Dyer has more details on the reported bid. According to his league sources Crew SC submitted a bid in the $3 million range to in an attempt to land the player on full transfer. The transfer fee would count as part of his salary budget number and likely put him in the Designated Player bracket.
Interestingly, due to Murillo's age his “budget charge” would be discounted under The Young Designated Player rules that MLS has in place.
Young Designated Player A Designated Player 23 years old or younger during the league year (age of player is determined by year - not date - of birth) will carry the following Young Designated Player Budget Charge: Ages 20 and younger: $150,000 Ages 21-23: $200,000 If such Designated Player joins the club after the opening of the Secondary Transfer Window, he will carry the Mid-Season Youth Designated Player Salary Budget Charge of $150,000 regardless of age.
The MLS transfer window opens up on July 10th and closes on August 9th. If Murillo is on the transfer list, Benfica will likely look to move him quickly before they open their training camp in earnest.
While Goldfinger is often considered iconic for many reasons, one of the elements that helps to keep it in the public eye is the first appearance of the gadget-laden Aston Martin DB5. Here we take a look at those gadgets.
Although Ian Fleming had put 007 behind the wheel of an Aston Martin DB Mark III in his 1959 novel, the filmmakers only decided on Aston Martin after considering and rejecting the E-type Jaguar, Ferrari and Alfa Romeo.
Optional extras
In the book the car did have a number of option extras, although not as outlandish as in the film. These included front and rear reinforced bumpers for ramming cars, a homer and a concealed gun compartment.
Deciding to stick to the same marque as Fleming had in the book, production designer Ken Adam and special effects wizard John Stears went to see Aston Martin boss David Brown. There they tried to persuade Brown to give two Aston Martins, one to be used in the driving shots and one top be tricked out with gadgets.
Although initially reluctant, Brown came round and eventually gave them two cars for filming, including the prototype DB5.
The gadgets
Ken Adam was tasked with thinking of gadgets for the car, which would be tricked out over a six week period by John Stears. Some of the ideas that made it into the film were suggested by other members of production as the gadgets grew ever more outlandish, while some, although designed by Adam, were never used on screen.
Homer
Bond is issued with two homers by Q, one that fits in the heel of Bond's shoe, the other magnetic version which Bond later attaches to Goldfinger's Rolls-Royce, enabling him to pinpoint the car on a hidden screen in the DB5.
Bond's DB Mark III in the book was fitted with a similar device, although rather than display the target on a map, it produced an audible signal to indicate the distance, but not direction, of the car being tailed. While GPS is everyday technology in the 21st century, Bond's homer was science fiction when the film was released.
Extending bumpers
Although not appearing in the film (although they are on the Corgi DB5), Ken Adam designed front extending bumpers.
Adam says the idea came top him as he drove an E-Type Jaguar at the time, which had no front bumper and was therefore being continually damaged by other cars. However, it may also have been inspired by the reinforced bumpers on the DB Mark III from Fleming's novel.
Tyre slashers
In hot pursuit of the Mustang driven by the girl (Tilly Masterson) who has just taken a shot at Goldfinger, Bond pulls up alongside her and uses the tyre slashers to shred her front and rear tyres (as well as the bodywork in between).
These were conceived by Ken Adam, inspired by the scythed chariots from Ben Hur.
Smokescreen
When Bond attempts to disarm Tilly Masterson near Goldfinger's factory, guards are alerted when her rifle trips an alarm wire. The pair make their escape in the DB5, followed by two Mercedes cars; the first of these skids off the read and into a tree after being blinded by the smoke cloud billowing from the back of the Aston Martin.
Q: “Now open the top, and inside are your defence mechanism controls… smoke screen, oil slick, rear bullet-proof screen, and left and right front-wing machine guns.”
In the initial Goldfinger script the DB5 was equipped with just a smokescreen. However, over time various crew members came up with ever more exotic suggestions, and although installed on one of the cars, not all were actually used in the film.
Oil slick
With the other Mercedes still in hot pursuit, Bond flips the switch to activate the oil slick, which shoots out from the rear. As the Mercedes rounds the corner it skids on the oil and over the cliff.
Initially the car was to drop a cluster of nails into the path of any pursuing vehicle. However, it was felt that this would be too easy for the public to copy and instead the car was fitted with the oil slick.
Bulletproof screen
When Bond and Tilly come to a dead end with the first Mercedes giving chase again, Bond flips the switch to raise the bulletproof screen for additional protection. As Tilly runs for the woods, Oddjob pulls up in a third car and, taking his bowler in his hands, throws the deadly hat at the girl, breaking her neck.
Revolving number plates
Demonstrated by Q in his lab, the revolving number plates are not actually used on the mission.
Q: “Revolving number plates, naturally… Valid all countries.”
Guy Hamilton came up with the idea, afterwards saying: “I was getting a lot of parking tickets at the time and I thought it would be absolutely marvellous to collect a parking ticket and then juggle the number plate, drive off and not be worried”.
Ejector seat
Following Tilly's death, Bond is captured by Goldfinger's heavies and forced at gunpoint to drive his car in convoy with the two Mercedes. Bond suddenly makes a break for it and, flipping up the top of his gear knob, presses the red button to eject his minder through the top of the car and make his escape.
Bond: “Ejector seat? You're joking!”
Q: “I never joke about my work, 007”.
The ejector seat was suggested by Guy Hamilton's stepson and, according to Ken Adam, the device installed in the car was from a jet fighter and fully functional, although a mock up using compressed air was used during filming.
Machine guns
As Bond makes his escape he is suddenly blinded by lights. Pressing a switch, the front machine guns emerge from behind the lights and start firing, but to no effect and at the last minute turns the wheel to crash into a brick wall. The lights are the reflection of the DB5's own headlights produced by a giant mirror.
The legacy
Said to be the first major product placement in a film, Aston Martin saw sales jump by almost 50 percent following the release of Goldfinger, fully justifying Brown's decision and forever linking 007 and Aston Martin in the public consciousness.
However, although the DB5 was a firm favourite with audiences, it was only in Goldeneye that the car was re-introduced after being last seen in the pre-title sequence of Thunderball, although a number of newer models Aston Martins appeared afterwards. Since then the DB5 has appeared in a number of films with varying degrees of gadgetry, most recently (but somewhat illogically) in Skyfall.
While Bond 24 will feature a current model Aston Martin, it is also possible we will see the return of the DB5 once more; only time will tell.
A FLORIDA woman punched her husband in the face after he burst into her bedroom while she was pleasuring herself — because he thought he heard her having sex with another man, police said.
Flavia Higgs, a 42-year-old licensed private investigator, was arrested on a misdemeanour domestic battery charge after the wild ordeal in the bedroom of their Port St. Lucie home on September 7, according to a police report obtained by The Smoking Gun.
Higgs' 43-year-old husband, Garrett — who had been living in a separate bedroom from his estranged wife for more than a year — told a responding officer that he returned home and heard “moaning from the house” before walking toward the room and knocking on the door.
“He banged and she would not answer the door,” according to the police report.
“He said he thought there was another man in his house and he used a screwdriver to open the door.”
Once he barged in, his humiliated wife tried to stop her husband and “physically escort him out” of the room as he tried to push past her and pushed her arm against a wall. She then struck Higgs in the face, the report states.
“He wasn't sure if it was open or closed handed,” according to the report.
“When this happened they both started screaming and yelling and she called 911.”
Flavia Higgs later confirmed to the officer that she had been “pleasuring herself” inside the room when her estranged husband came home. She was arrested since she was the first person to “initiate physical contact,” according to the responding officer.
No injuries were reported. Flavia Higgs, who is listed on a state website as a licensed private investigator, was booked into St. Lucie County Jail and was later released, according to jail records.
This article originally appeared on the New York Post.
Be succinct, constructive and relevant to the story. We encourage engaging, diverse and meaningful commentary. Do not include personal information such as names, addresses, phone numbers and emails. Comments falling outside our guidelines – those including personal attacks and profanity – are not permitted.
See our complete Comment Policy and use this link to notify us if you have concerns about a comment. We'll promptly review and remove any inappropriate postings. Send Page To a Friend In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, this material is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes. Information Clearing House has no affiliation whatsoever with the originator of this article nor is Information ClearingHouse endorsed or sponsored by the originator.)
Dolphine Cooper, 55, second from left, examines menstrual products as volunteers with the non-profit group BRAWS deliver underwear, pads and tampons to women at Friends of Guest House, a residential re-entry program for female non-violent offenders, in Alexandria, Va. (Allison Shelley/For The Washington Post)
A topic that for so long was rarely discussed above a whisper has recently been taken up by growing numbers of lawmakers.
Spurred by grass-roots activism aimed at lifting the stigma surrounding menstruation, the lawmakers are proposing measures to provide broad access to menstrual products for women. Their efforts include exempting tampons and pads from state and local taxes, compelling prisons to stop charging inmates for the supplies and making them available for free at public schools and workplaces.
“It's outrageous that something that is a basic health need should be denied women,” said Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.), who co-sponsored a bill last month with Sens. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), Richard J. Durbin (D-Ill.) and Kamala D. Harris (D-Calif.) that would require free access to menstrual products as part of a proposal to promote basic rights for incarcerated women.
“It's something that needs to be talked about. People should not be shy about putting it right up front,” Booker said in an interview.
The most far-reaching legislative push has been to eliminate the sales tax on tampons and pads. Sometimes called the “pink tax” or “period penalty,” the tax on menstrual products has been called unfair. Many say the items should be deemed essential, like food and medicine, and similarly exempted. Since 2016, two dozen of the 40 states that tax menstrual products have introduced legislation to eliminate the tax.
(Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
Four states — New York, Illinois, Connecticut and Florida — ultimately approved sales-tax exemptions, along with the cities of Chicago and Washington. But although D.C. Mayor Muriel E. Bowser (D) signed the bill, the budget the council approved did not include funding to cover the $3.3 million price tag, so the tax remains. In Virginia, a bill that would have eliminated the tax died in subcommittee this year. Maryland does not tax tampons.
Opponents of tax-exemption laws say they are often unwarranted and impractical.
Hygiene products are not life-sustaining in the way that food or medicine is, they say. And repealing the tax has an impact on state and local revenues, which help fund programs that serve poor families.
It's better to keep exceptions at an absolute minimum, D.C. Council Chairman Phil Mendelson (D) said. “We can find good reasons for exempting a lot of different types of goods and services,” he said in a statement.
[The ‘tampon tax,' explained]
A ‘mountain of maxipads'
The grass-roots movement for “menstrual equity” is being fueled by thousands of women who are intimately familiar with the anxiety and embarrassment that comes from not having a tampon or pad when they need one.
“Women get it. They just get it,” said Dana Marlowe, an IT consultant in Wheaton, Md., who founded a nonprofit called Support the Girls that distributes menstrual products and bras to homeless women.
Mariah Smith, 20, examines underwear and menstrual products dropped of by the non-profit BRAWS at Friends of Guest House in Alexandria, Va. (Allison Shelley/For The Washington Post)
Marlowe and other activists are also pushing to make the products easily available to other poor women and to girls in public schools.
What Marlowe refers to as the “mountain of maxipads” in her house started with a simple Facebook post, but women everywhere were quick to respond, she said. The pads, tampons and bras have come from as far away as Japan and the Netherlands and are delivered in small bags from neighbors or by the truckload from Procter & Gamble.
In July, Marlowe and volunteers delivered a minivan full of products, including more than 21,000 tampons and 1,500 pads, to Martha's Table, a nonprofit that provides food and other items and services to the needy, including free clothing and hygiene products.
In Virginia, Holly Seibold started an organization called BRAWS that supplies dozens of area shelters with menstrual products and newly purchased bras. The former teacher from Vienna and her volunteers also deliver menstrual products to about 140 school-age girls each month in shelters or schools in Northern Virginia and the District because she learned some girls skip school when they have their periods.
Seibold said girls who are homeless often can't afford the products and are embarrassed to ask for them.
Terrionna Thomas, a rising senior at Roosevelt STAY, an alternative high school in the District, said she found herself questioning whether to go to school one day when her supply of sanitary pads was low and she was not sure she could make it through the day.
There is no full-time nurse, and the tampon dispensers always seem to be empty, she said. A security guard has been known to keep extra pads on hand. “But what if she's not there?” she thought. “It's not her responsibility to be supplying pads to the school.”
At many schools and colleges, students are agitating for change. A “Free the Tampons” campaign has led several universities, including American University in the District, to begin stocking women's restrooms with free products.
At School Without Walls, a high school in the District, a Planned Parenthood club started supplying a bin in the girls' bathroom with a variety of free products last semester, said Janiya Proctor, 17, who just graduated.
“When I saw that, I wanted to applaud,” she said.
‘There is more openness'
Influenced by such activism, some lawmakers say that menstrual products are a necessity that should be stocked in bathrooms like toilet paper. The New York City Council last year passed first-of-its-kind legislation making menstrual products freely available in public schools, shelters and jails. Colorado lawmakers approved a plan to provide free tampons and pads to inmates.
In February, U.S. Rep. Grace Meng (D-N.Y.) introduced the Menstrual Equity for All Act, which would, among other things, direct large companies to offer free products in workplace restrooms. It would also require state prisons that receive certain federal grants to provide free menstrual products.
“When I first started talking about this issue, you could see a lot of men — and some women — were uncomfortable. But the climate is changing. There is more openness,” Meng said.
The effect of this activism has been slower to show up in jails and prisons, in part because they rarely accept donations and the public looks less sympathetically on the needs of incarcerated women, said Jennifer Weiss-Wolf, a leading activist in the movement and author of the forthcoming book “Periods Gone Public.”
But she said female inmates, the majority of whom are mothers sentenced for nonviolent crimes, are caught in a system that was designed for men and does not take their physical needs into account.
A 2015 report from the Correctional Association of New York found that 54 percent of women surveyed in state prisons said they did not get enough sanitary pads each month.
Women who needed more than their allotment had to request a medical permit, the report said. One facility required women to collect a bag full of their used sanitary napkins to prove they needed more.
There is little consistency across the criminal justice system when it comes to menstrual hygiene. Some jails provide pads that women can help themselves to as needed; many do not. A policy document for the federal Bureau of Prisons simply says, “Products for female hygiene needs shall be available.”
Andrea James, executive director of the National Council for Incarcerated and Formerly Incarcerated Women and Girls, served time in a federal prison in Danbury, Conn., where, she said, a crate full of “tiny sanitary napkins” was kept on the bathroom floor.
A tampon or something more absorbent could be purchased at the commissary, but that was not an option for many women earning 12 cents an hour and counting out pennies to be able to call home, something that the Senate bill Booker co-sponsored also addresses.
Ashley Palmer, 24, who was recently released from the Northwestern Regional Adult Detention Center in Winchester, Va., said incarcerated women are often forced to fashion tampons out of sanitary pads.
“Ingenious,” she recalled thinking when she made her first tampon.
But she soon learned that her resourcefulness would have to extend far beyond that. Correction officers didn't always respond to requests in time, so she and her fellow inmates learned to improvise with anything they could find, including socks.
“Nobody cares,” she said. “They don't care.”
Palmer was released from the Winchester center this month and moved into Friends of Guest House, a reentry program for women in Alexandria.
A few days later, Seibold came by the house with a donation of menstrual products and underwear. She stacked boxes of tampons and an assortment of pads high on the dining room table and told the women to take whatever they wanted.
Palmer could not believe her luck.
“It's like period Christmas in here,” she said.
WASHINGTON—Confirming that it's “all come down to this,” the nation's girlfriends admitted Thursday that, despite anything they may have said or implied in the past, absolutely everything hinges on the outcome of this Valentine's Day.
Describing the evening as “the indisputable make-or-break moment of our relationships,” the girlfriends explained that if Valentine's Day fails, in any way, to live up to their standards, or if at any point they sense that not enough effort went into the occasion, then things are as good as over.
Advertisement
“Look, I'm gonna cut the shit here: I've basically funneled all my hopes for the future into this one night in which my boyfriend must achieve perfection, or else we're through,” Virginia Beach area girlfriend Jenna Boyce, 27, told reporters, noting that she will be able to tell immediately if her boyfriend cheaps out on the flowers he has bought her or throws his gift together at the very last minute. “I expect an amazing, thoughtful, nearly flawless experience, one that is simultaneously fun and romantic, and a night I will remember for the rest of my life. Anything short of that, and I walk.”
“I know I've stated in the past that I believe Valentine's Day is dumb and that it's a commercial holiday and that it doesn't matter to me, but I was lying,” Boyce added, in total concurrence with every other girlfriend in the country. “That was total horseshit. I, in fact, care more about this than anything, by far.”
The nation's girlfriends admitted to reporters, and to anyone who cared to know, that nothing their boyfriends have ever done for them in the past, including any and all good deeds previously rendered, will matter in the slightest if they don't make tomorrow a day to remember.
Advertisement
The assembled women then confirmed that they expect the following things tomorrow, and they “don't give one flying fuck” if these expectations make them appear either old-fashioned, demanding, or unrealistic: flowers; repeated romantic gestures and signs of physical affection; compliments; assorted gifts of an emotionally resonant nature; a dinner that is sufficiently high-end yet also warm and intimate; two to three fond recollections of the relationship's origins; an outfit and attention to personal dress on the part of the boyfriend that shows he cares; extended eye contact; highly engaged conversation; no spared details; no mistakes; no jokes that in any way undermine the seriousness and romantic gravity of the evening; no mention of money or cost; and a minimum of 25 utterances of the word “love.”
“And if you don't like it, that is too fucking bad, because this is the attitude I am walking into tomorrow with and there is nothing you or anyone else can do to alter or subdue that attitude,” said Seattle area girlfriend Sonia Moreno, 31, noting that Valentine's Day will be the sole metric she will use to gauge her boyfriend's worth and romantic commitment. “That's the reality. It's all come down to this. And so, come tomorrow, I suppose myself and every girlfriend in America will find out for sure if their relationship has a future or not.”
The nation's girlfriends also confirmed that if their boyfriends are able to go all out and make tomorrow truly special, then there is no reason why they couldn't make a similar effort on every other day of the year too.
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, Donald Trump's running mate, on Monday shot down news reports that said he was thinking about jumping ship over the lewd remarks that the New York business made about women over a decade ago.
The Indianapolis Star and other news outlets reported ahead of Sunday's debate that Mr. Pence was keeping his options open just in case Mr. Trump turned in a poor performance in his second debate showdown with Hillary Clinton.
“That was absolutely false,” Mr. Pence said on “Fox & Friends.” “These rumors just furrow around presidential campaigns. This is the first time I have ever been at this level, but it really is remarkable.”
Mr. Pence said the real story is that Mr. Trump won the debate in St. Louis.
“He showed humility, he showed strength, he expressed genuine contrition for the words that he used in the video that became public, and then he moved directly into the choice that the American people are facing, and it is such a dramatic choice,” Mr. Pence said. “I thought before the end of that 90 minutes, the American people could see the opportunity that we really have to change the direction of this country.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
9 years ago
Washington (CNN) - The Obama administration is considering an investigation into the legality and fairness of college football's Bowl Championship Series and "the current lack of a college football national championship playoff."
In a letter to U.S. Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, Assistant Attorney General Ronald Welch says the issue "raises important questions affecting millions of fans, colleges and universities, players and other interested parties."
Hatch complained about the system to the Obama administration in October, and the Justice Department official told Hatch Friday it is reviewing whether to launch an inquiry into the BCS system to see if any U.S. anti-trust laws are being violated. Hatch's office passed along the Welch letter to CNN.
"Importantly, and in addition, the Administration also is exploring other options that might be available to address concerns with the college football post-season," said Welch, who noted along with Hatch that President Obama says the sport should have an eight-game playoff.
The options include encouraging the NCAA to take control of the post-season as it does with other sports; "asking a governmental or nongovernmental entity or a commission to study the benefits, costs and
feasibility of a playoff system;" requesting an examination by the Federal Trade Commission of the current system under consumer protection laws; looking into roles other agencies can play, and looking into legislative initiatives.
There are 11 BCS conferences and five bowls, including a national championship. The champions of six conferences automatically qualify for BCS bowls despite their national rankings. In contrast, only one team from outside those six can earn an automatic berth.
"Many believe the BCS is unfair to the conferences and schools that are not part of the automatically qualifying conferences," Welch said.
"The typical result of this selection system has been limited participation by schools outside the six automatic-qualifying conferences, with such teams typically securing at most one slot, although this year, for the first time, two such schools, TCU (Texas Christian University) and Boise State were selected for a BCS bowl game."
Hatch - who has complained that the BCS system denies outsiders a fair chance to compete with major conferences - was "encouraged" by the administration's response.
"The current system runs counter to basic fairness that every family tries to instill in their children from the day they are born. It is systematically unfair, jeopardizing students, players, education quality, ethics and true competition," Hatch said.
Indonesian police show items recently seized, including weapons and bomb-making materials, that they say were intended for use to attack government buildings and the Myanmar embassy, at police headquarters in Jakarta, Indonesia November 25, 2016 in this photo taken by Antara Foto. Antara Foto/Reno Esnir/via REUTERS
JAKARTA (Reuters) - Police in Indonesia have arrested a suspected Islamist militant and seized a large quantity of bomb making material that he planned to use in attacks on government buildings and the Myanmar embassy in Jakarta next month, a police spokesman said.
The suspect was identified as Rio Priatna Wibawa, 23, who is believed to be a member of an Indonesian group that supports Islamic State.
Local media reported that the amount of explosives seized would have resulted in a blast twice as powerful as the bomb that killed 202 people in a Bali nightclub in 2002.
Wibawa, who studied agricultural science at university and was unemployed, was a self-taught bomb-maker who had planned to distribute explosives to several places across Indonesia, police spokesman Boy Rafli Amar said on Saturday.
Indonesia has seen a string of Islamic State-linked attacks this year, the biggest of which was a gun and bomb assault in the capital Jakarta that killed four people in January.
Authorities are concerned about a resurgence in radicalism and say there are hundreds of Islamic State sympathizers in Indonesia, home to the biggest Muslim population in the world.
Lately, anger has been mounting in the Muslim-majority nations in Southeast Asia, such as Indonesia and Malaysia, over a crackdown on Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar, leading to demonstrations in several cities, including Jakarta.
From time to time it is suggested that ordinary least squares, a.k.a. “OLS,” is inappropriate for some particular trend analysis. Sometimes this is a “word to the wise” because OLS actually is inappropriate (or at least, inferior to other choices). Sometimes (in tamino's humble opinion) this is because an individual has seen situations in which OLS performs poorly, and is sufficiently impressed by robust regression as a substitute, to form the faulty opinion that it's superior to OLS generally. For the record, this comment is not one of those cases.
In reality, OLS is the workhorse of trend analysis and there are very good reasons for that. It's founded on some very simple, and very common, assumptions about the data, and if those assumptions hold true, OLS is the best method for linear trend detection and estimation. It can be dangerous to use the word “best” in a statistical analysis, but in this case I feel justified in doing so.
Of course that raises some nontrivial questions. What are those assumptions? When might they not hold true? How could we tell? What should we do if we can establish that the OLS assumptions aren't valid?
Let's consider the case of linear regression, in which we have a set of data values taken at times , and we wish to fit a straight line to those data. A straight line has the form
,
where is the intercept of the line and is the slope. Any possible choices for and define a straight line, but for most such choices the line is obviously not a good model of the data. So, how do we choose “good” values for the slope and intercept? That's where “regression” comes in.
We can always try lots and lots of values for the parameters, then choose the values that give us the “best” fit. That's a terribly inefficient way to fit a line to data, but — it actually works! Yet it still requires a way to decide which possible line is “best.” And that can be very tricky indeed!
There is a sensible way — choose the line which gives the maximum likelihood of the observed data. We could even call this “maximum likelihood regression.” But now we have yet another problem: how do we compute the likelihood?
To do so, we have to have a model for the data, and that model must include the behavior of the noise, not just of the underlying signal. Let's start with the simplest (or at least, most natural) assumption about the data: that the data really do follow a straight line, with deviations which are zero-mean i.i.d. and follow the normal distribution. In this case our model is
,
where is a normally distributed random variable. Note that implicit in this model is the assumption that all the values come from the same normal distribution, i.e., they all exhibit the same standard deviation , because we've insisted they are “i.i.d.” which stands for “independent identically-distributed.” We further assume that the mean of that distribution is zero. And the “independent” part means that different noise values have no dependence on each other.
Now we can compute the likelihood of our data, given a model — which means, given the slope , the intercept , and the standard deviation . If we know the values and , we can compute the values as
.
These values are called the residuals for our model, and if our model is correct then they're equal to the true noise values. The probability density for any particular value is
.
The joint probability for all the noise values, often called the likelihood function, is the product of their individual probabilities
.
The maximum-likelihood solution is that which gives the maximum probability.
It's generally easier to work with the log-likelihood, which is just the logarithm of the likelihood function
.
Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the log-likelihood function. Furthermore, the log-likelihood involves a sum, which is easier to deal with in most contexts than a product.
If we find the values of and which maximize the log-likelihood, they will be the values which maximize the quantity
.
In fact maximizing this quantity with respect to and turns out not to depend on the value of . We need only choose the slope and intercept which maximize the quantity
.
This is the negative of the sum of the squares of the residuals. Maximizing a negative in the same as minimizing a positive, so the solution for the slope and intercept is that which minimizes the sum of squares of the residuals — hence the name “the least squares.” Therefore the least-squares solution is the maximum-likelihood solution when the given assumptions hold true.
Now we can begin to appreciate when the ordinary least-squares (OLS) solution might not be optimal, or even appropriate. When the data violate the given assumptions, OLS is not the maximum-likelihood solution. It may not even be a particularly “good” solution (although it usually is).
What assumptions might be violated? The most often-considered case is when the model of the noise isn't right. For example, we often consider trend analysis when the noise values aren't independent. In fact temperature data (especially monthly data) exhibit autocorrelation, where values nearby in time are correlated with each other. If they're correlated, they're not independent — and the OLS solution is no longer maximum-likelihood. In such a case, the maximum-likelihood solution is given by generalized the least squares (GLS). However, it's usually a lot easier (and nearly as good) to use OLS but apply a correction when computing the uncertainties of the solution.
Another very common case is when the “normal distribution” assumption doesn't hold. This is often indicated by the presence of outliers, which are noise values which are quite far from the rest of the data. There's not universal agreement on exactly how to define an outlier, but sometimes they stick out like a sore thumb. Suppose, for instance, you were surveying the annual incomes of 100 people who were all members of “Oprah's book club” in Chicago. You might find that 99 of the people had a variety of incomes which formed a nice smooth distribution (probably not the normal distribution, but at least reasonably smooth), but the 100th member was Oprah herself — who made fifty million dollars last year (for Oprah, that's a slow year)! Her income is so different from that of all the other club members that it sticks out like a sore thumb — we would all agree it's an outlier.
Extreme values — outliers — can have an extreme impact on the result of OLS. Therefore they can change the result dramatically, sometimes even invalidate it, all because the OLS assumptions aren't correct, the noise does not follow the normal distribution. Identifying such cases can sometimes be tricky. After all, even noise which does follow the normal distribution can show extreme values! In such a case, those extreme values should be retained and OLS is the right way to go. But in some cases (like Oprah's book club) the normal-distribution assumption is so obviously not right, and the OLS solution is so strongly affected by the outlier, that OLS isn't just less than optimal, it's downright untrustworthy.
Such behavior isn't limited to regression. Suppose, for instance, we simply wanted to know the average income of members of the Chicago branch of Oprah's book club. The mean (a.k.a. arithmetic average) of the 99% might be $50,000 per year, which wouldn't set off any alarm bells. But when Oprah is included, the mean increases to over half a million dollars per person per year! That does set off alarm bells — unless we were talking about Mitt Romney's country club, such a figure is hard to believe.
In such a case it is often useful to compute a statistic which is resistant to the presence of outliers. For the average, for instance, there is such a statistic called the median. It's the value which falls right in the middle of the probability distribution, so there's equal chance of a given sample being above or below that value. If the median income of the 99 non-Oprah members is $44,000 per year, then even if we include Oprah the median value may well still be $44,000 per year, and certainly won't be anywhere near half a million! In this case the median gives a much more realistic portrayal of the typical income of members of the book club. And if the “average” is meant to convey what's “typical,” then the median succeeds while the mean utterly fails. This is robust statistics in action. It works.
There are also methods for linear regression which are resistant to the presence of outliers, which fall into the category of robust regression. Probably the most common is to find the solution which minimizes the sum of the absolute values of the residuals rather than the sum of their squares. This is the method of the least absolute deviations. It is highly resistant to outliers (as long as there aren't many of them), and in fact the median is the least-absolute-deviation estimate of the center of a distribution (whereas the mean is the least-squared deviation estimate).
Such a strategy can be generalized by choosing some other function than the square (which gives rise to least-squares regression), or the absolute value (which gives rise to least-absolute-deviation regression), for which we will minimize its sum over all values of the residuals. Such functions are called M-estimators. M-estimators need not actually represent the log-likelihood function, although that was the originating idea and is why they're called “M”-estimators. In fact both the square and the absolute value can be used as M-estimators, so this broad class includes both least-squares and least-absolute-deviation regression, although when least-squares is selected it doesn't accomplish the usual purpose — to be resistant to outliers. I have occasionally used the Cauchy distribution as an M-estimator because it's very close to the square when the residual is small, it suppresses outliers very well, and, well, because it's interesting!
And I should mention non-parametric regression, which makes no assumption whatever about the distribution of the noise and requires no function to minimize. A popular example is the Theil-Sen estimator, which is the median of all the slopes computed from pairs of data points in the sample. It's strongly resistant to outliers, to cases where the distribution of the noise is highly skewed, and it's simple to compute. What could be better!
Incidentally, there are other drawbacks to robust regression which might impact whether it's the appropriate choice for analysis. For one thing, there are situations in which the robust-regression solution is ambiguous. For another, robust regression (and least-absolute-deviation regression specifically) often requires a lot more computation than least-squares regression, for which the exact “best” solution can be directly computed.
Having indulged in a great deal of general discussion, I'll finally discuss the context in which this recently came up — sea ice data. Data for the southern hemisphere from the Univ. of Bremen, extending back to 1973, indicate that the very early data include some rather extreme outliers. They're not so extreme as to invalidate OLS — but they're extreme enough that it would appear that some form of robust regression is definitely more appropriate. In fact, I don't have access to that data, but judging visually from the graph I'd guess that it's straightforward to show that the residuals do not follow the normal distribution and therefore the OLS assumptions do not apply. This definitely calls for robust regression! Or … does it?
Perhaps not. It's true that the assumptions of OLS do not hold. But, neither do the assumptions behind robust regression. Robust regression is predicated on the model that the data follow a straight line, plus noise which is not normally distributed. If that were true, then the extreme early values would be the result of extreme noise values, but would still represent deviation from a straight-line underlying signal. But what if the underlying signal itself is not a straight line? What if those large deviations aren't due to noise, but because the signal itself was higher in those earlier years? In that case, the outliers may not indicate non-normal noise, they may indicate that the signal really was higher in those early years, a fact which should reduce the estimated trend rate. But most robust regression methods will treat those values as outlier noise, and they will have negligible (if any!) impact on the estimated trend.
In such a case, which regression method you choose might actually depend on what you're trying to estimate physically. Let me consider again the incomes of Oprah's book clube, to make an analogy. If we want to know the “typical” income of a member, then Oprah's outlier is pretty much irrelevant and should not have undue influence on the result — the median (a robust measure) is definitely appropriate. But if we're more interested in the spending power of Oprah's book club, then it would be a capital mistake to downplay the largest value. In that case, the mean — despite it's non-robust nature and how strongly it's affected by a single value — is more appropriate.
In the case of southern hemisphere sea ice data, estimates prior to 1973 (when the Univ. Bremen data begin) indicate that Antarctic sea ice really was more extensive prior to the satellite era, and the sharp decline indicated by the earliest Univ. Bremen data is part of the actual trend. In that case, if we're using the Univ. Bremen data to look for the long-term trend, the submit it may be more logical to apply OLS because it gives full weight to the earliest data, whose extreme values represent the signal, not the noise.
If, on the other hand, we're more interested in just the recent trend — then those earliest values are evidently out of line compared to what followed. In that case, it might indeed be a better idea to use robust regression so they don't have undue influence on the estimated trend.
It's also good to keep in mind that sea ice data for the southern hemisphere since 1973 is demonstrably not following a straight line. In fact the northern hemisphere sea ice data show demonstrable departure from a straight line in the last decade. Treating those departures as “outliers” and substituting robust regression for OLS would be, in my opinion, a mistake. A vastly better approach is to treat the trend as nonlinear.
That doesn't mean a straight line isn't a useful model! And it doesn't invalidate linear regression (OLS or robust) as a useful tool to measure the size of the trend. But it should not be forgotten that, because the signal itself is not linear, robust regression is not automatically a better choice for trend analysis of sea ice, southern or northern.
Advertisements
The American Time Use Survey is a treasure trove of data for understanding how Americans spend their days. The survey is essentially a national diary of how we work, play, sleep and even groom ourselves. The data can be parsed at the state level too. Below are 10 maps showing the sometimes surprising regional variation in American time use.
A couple things to understand about the BLS data. The first is that "average time per day" spent on any given activity is a bit of a statistical construct. "Estimates are an average across all persons in the given population, whether or not they did the activity," the BLS explains.
The second is that the survey is conducted among all Americans age 15 and up, so these aggregate numbers hide a lot of demographic variation. This might be most evident in the sleep numbers -- many teenagers report getting nearly 10 hours of sleep on any given night, which partially explains why the 8+ average hours of sleep per state might seem wildly off-base to a normal person.
Finally, to get state-by-state numbers the BLS combines samples from the most recent five years of surveys, from 2009 to 2013. But in some cases there still isn't a sufficient sample for a given state and time category. In these cases the states are greyed out on the map.
Those caveats aside, let's get to the numbers.
Alabama and Mississippi are the nation's sleep capitals, averaging 9+ hours each
The average Mississippi resident gets 40 minutes more sleep per day than the average resident of Wisconsin, the state getting the least sleep. That's about 30 full 8-hour nights more sleep over the course of a year.
Vermonters are not overly concerned with personal grooming.
When it comes to time spent on personal grooming activities -- washing, dressing and generally getting one's act together for the day -- Vermont is a notable outlier. Vermonters' 28 daily minutes of grooming is a full 10 minutes fewer than the 50-state average, and 17 minutes fewer than the 45 minutes people spend in Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana and South Carolina. In general, Southern states spend more time keeping up personal appearances than Northern ones, although New York, with its 43 minutes of primping time, is an exception to this rule.
New York and New Jersey spend the most time commuting.
Looking only at respondents with jobs, New Yorkers and Jerseyites report the most time on travel related to work -- more than an hour a day for each state. Workers in Oregon, Alaska and the Dakotas spend about half that much time.
North Dakota employees work the longest days.
The average employed North Dakotan reports spending 8 hours and 16 minutes at work each day. This is probably related to that state's Bakken Shale boom and the influx of petroleum industry jobs, where armies of mostly male workers spend long hours on the job site and retire to "man camps" in the evening. On the flipside Maine's low reported working time -- 6 hours and 54 minutes -- may be related to a preponderance of seasonal and temporary jobs in the tourism industry in that state. They don't call it "Vacationland" for nothing.
High Plains states keep the tidiest houses
Or at least, they report the most time spent on housework, a category which includes mostly housecleaning and laundry. On the other hand, Hawaiians report spending only 26 minutes a day on home chores. Who wants to scrub the tub when you live in an island paradise?
Religion: No surprises here.
Two words: The South. Southerners are more likely to say religion is "very important" in their lives than people from any other region, so it's no surprise that they report spending more time per day on religious activities. Utah, with its large Mormon population, also stands out. At the profane end of the spiritual spectrum you have Rhode Island, whose residents report averaging only two minutes per day in spiritual activities, or roughly an eighth of the time spent by people in Louisiana.
Utah has little time for leisure.
Industrious Utah residents report spending only 4 hours and 27 minutes in leisure activities daily. Contrast this with wild and wonderful West Virginia, where people spend over 6 hours a day engaged in leisure. In general, high desert states -- Utah, Colorado and Wyoming -- report less leisure time than everyone else.
Differences in leisure time are due largely to differences in TV watching.
Nearly the entire leisure time difference between Utah and West Virginia can be explained by TV viewing habits in those states -- West Virginians spend about 90 more minutes a day glued to the tube than Utah residents. Over the course of a year that works out to difference of 68 8-hour workdays -- let that one sink in.
The High Plains are bookworm country.
What better activity to do in a clean house than read a book? North Dakotans spend nearly 30 minutes a day reading, more than twice the average of most Southern states.
But Southerners are the most thoughtful.
Southerners spend the most time relaxing and thinking, which may be an extension of the time they spend on religious and spiritual activities. In either case, all that relaxing and praying might contribute to an overall peace of mind, which could explain why Southerners sleep so much longer than people in other states. And with that, we've come full circle.
Data table
Use the table below if you want the exact values, in hours:minutes, for your state. Asterisks indicate data unavailable due to small sample size.
Yves here. Since readers took interest in Jerri-Lynn's coverage of the Dakota Access Pipeline story, we thought this story would be germane.
By Elizabeth A. Stanton, PhD, an independent consultant with more than 15 years of professional experience as an environmental economist, and has authored more than 80 reports, policy studies, white papers, journal articles, and book chapters on topics related to energy, the economy, and the environment. Originally published at the author's blog, lizstantonconsulting.com and Triple Crisis
Thanks to abundant coverage by social media, the nation watched this week as activists protesting the construction of a pipeline to transport oil through the Dakotas, Iowa and Illinois put their own safety at risk to protect a Native American cultural site. A Pinkterton-esque goon squad used pepper spray and attack dogs to clear the site for unscheduled excavation, resulting in injuries, hospitalizations, and an outraged public.
Energy Transfer Crude Oil Company—the developer of the Dakota Access or Bakken Oil Pipeline—asserts a public need for the 1,172-mile pipeline and promises jobs, tax revenues, and a boost to the economies of the affected states. Advocates arguing against this pipeline's construction have found these claims to be unfounded. Energy Transfer bases its statement that the Dakota Access Pipeline is necessary on the business opportunity to get more Bakken oil to market sooner, and not on any public need that would be served by a greater flow of oil from the Dakotas to Illinois. The company's claim that farmers need the pipeline to open up space to ship grain on trains that currently transport oil was soundly debunked by expert witnesses and even by Iowa's Utility Board in issuing its approval of the project. There is no reason to believe either that Midwest grain shipments will be curtailed in the future or that building the pipeline would reduce any rail shipping constraints should they arise.
And while the private benefits of building the Dakota Access Pipeline are clear, any benefit to the public is harder to discern.
Energy Transfer's case for a public benefit in new jobs and tax revenue is difficult to credit after reading local economists' critiques of the company's underlying analysis. After studying Energy Transfer's cost-benefit analysis of Dakota Access as well as post hoc assessments of recent, similar projects, Dave Swenson of Iowa State University found that the company had presented inflated jobs and economic benefit projections. More generally, Swenson found that pipeline projects are large but “labor-stingy” and most of their economic stimulus leaks out of the region in which they are built.
Energy Transfer's assessment also fails to look at the cost to local environments and human communities. The planned route for the Dakota Access Pipeline was re-located away from the more densely populated Bismarck area because of health and safety concerns while dangers to the rural communities impacted by its new route have been ignored. Toxic water pollution and the permanent loss of cultural heritage sites have important effects on public well-being. Any complete accounting of the costs and benefits of pipeline construction must be broad enough to include these external, or non-market, costs.
I'd like to be able to say that the time has passed when a narrow pecuniary interest in resource extraction trumps the public good, but the permits issued by state agencies and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers would prove me wrong. The Standing Rock Sioux protesters and their allies seem to be not only on the right side of history but also on the right side of prudent decision making for the public good. The Dakota Access Pipeline has not been shown to be necessary, and Energy Transfer has failed to offer a transparent accounting of all project costs and benefits, both monetary and non-monetary. A full halt on construction is essential while legal remedies are taken and an impartial, comprehensive assessment of impacts is made.
Good news for cord-cutters: NBCUniversal has said it will offer an 11-hour free digital video stream of this year's Super Bowl, including pre-game coverage, the halftime show, and even an episode of “The Blacklist” following the big game. The stream, which will be offered for free, will begin at noon on February 1st and then wrap up at 10 PM ET that evening.
However, NBC doesn't have the rights to live-stream on smartphone devices – which the NFL has given exclusively to Verizon Wireless – NBC's “Super Stream Sunday” event will only be available on desktop computers and tablets.
The content will be made available to viewers via NBC Sports Live Extra, and the Sports Live Extra app for tablets as well as via the web. Sites including NFL.com and SuperBowl.com will also point to the stream. Most importantly, viewers will be able to watch the stream for free without the usual step of having to login and authenticate with their pay TV subscription credentials.
According to NBC execs, the plan is to use the Super Bowl event and all the eyeballs it brings to promote the industry-wide effort called “TV Everywhere,” and NBC's own TV Everywhere offerings. NBC last month had announced its plans to further develop and expand its TV Everywhere-powered streams in 2015, which began with 24/7 live streaming of content from NBC-owned stations.
The network owns stations in major markets, including New York, LA, Boston, Chicago, Philadelphia, Dallas-Fort Worth, San Francisco, Washington D.C., and Miami-Fort Lauderdale. However, NBC said at the time it would be onboarding new NBC affiliates as soon as possible, which would make the network's content available for streaming to more users throughout the U.S. this year.
During the Super Bowl stream, NBC will advertise its TV Everywhere services, explaining to viewers after The Blacklist airs how easy it is to authenticate in order to view other content in the future.
“We are leveraging the massive digital reach of the Super Bowl to help raise overall awareness of TV Everywhere by allowing consumers to explore our vast TVE offering with this special one-day-only access,” said Alison Moore, g.m. and exec VP of TV Everywhere for NBCU in a release.
NBC Sports Live Extra was the first product to ever live stream a Super Bowl game when it offered the Super Bowl XLVI stream to viewers on February 5, 2012, NBC also notes when announcing this news. The move to live stream the Super Bowl continued afterwards, even when other networks like CBS and FOX scored rights to air the game over the past couple of years.
This year's stream event is notable, too, because it marks the first time that NBC has gained the rights to live stream the Super Bowl halftime show, which is set to include performances by Katy Perry and Lenny Kravitz.
In addition, says Variety, the live stream will include advertisements sold exclusively for digital viewers, combined with some that are airing in the linear TV feed. These ads will also be made available for viewing separately on NBC.com, YouTube and Hulu.
Last year, viewers on YouTube watched more than 6.3 million hours' worth of Super Bowl ads, said YouTube. The site is now offering a dedicated URL (http://youtube.com/adblitz) for smartphone, tablet and desktop viewers who, over the next month, are interested in checking out all the Super Bowl ad-related entertainment.
WATCH: Silversun Pickups Video Features Lesbian Teen Love Story
Silversun Pickups released its latest video on YouTube today for the "Dots and Dashes (Enough Already)" off of the album Neck of the Woods, and it focuses on a pair of hip, young lesbians we totally want to hang out with. One YouTube commenter accurately compared the 5-minute story to Desperately Seeking Susan, as the girls are blowing off gym class, riding around suburbia on a motorized bike, jumping fences to go swimming in backyard pools, and running up and down the beach.
But as with any real love story, no matter the length, it's a little bit heartbreaking, leaving a bittersweet taste once it's clear that the jogging-phobic high school student isn't going to live happily ever after with her Nasty Gal-clad rebel girlfriend.
Nonetheless, it's a refreshing take on lesbians in music videos—there's no T.A.T.U-style exploitation here. It's just a lovely watch. Oh, and the song's not to shabby either.
Check out the video below:
Sam Allardyce, after winning one point from his first two games in charge of Crystal Palace, has called for the Premier League fixture organiser to be “sacked”.
The former England manager, who left his position with the national team after only one match following an undercover newspaper investigation, is now pointing the finger at fixture congestion.
Yohan Cabaye, Christian Benteke and Andros Townsend were all substituted by Allardyce with Palace losing 2-0 at Arsenal on Sunday afternoon as the manager began to turn his attention to Tuesday's home game with the bottom side Swansea City.
“We've been dealt the blow of not having enough recovery time between now and Tuesday night, why can't we play Wednesday?” asked Allardyce. “I don't know who does the fixtures but he needs sacking really.
Arsène Wenger calls Olivier Giroud goal against Crystal Palace ‘a work of art' Read more
“Swansea played yesterday, have 24 hours on us. They're such big games with so much at stake, you want a fair crack at it, and it's unfair when you're playing [Sunday] and Tuesday night. I was disappointed in our first-half performance [against Arsenal].
“We gave much too good possession away. None more so than the [Giroud] goal. That was simple possession given away on one of our attacks in the first half. It was a brilliant piece of skill, how he took the goal, but our passing wasn't good enough.”
Allardyce is now looking to the transfer window to help out his Palace squad. “Two things [need] to happen for the team to get better and produce more results: get the team fitter and buy players in. Two if possible, three if the finances will allow,” he said. “I want to lift the squad. It lifted the whole place last year at Sunderland.”
PHILADELPHIAPolls show Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is the favorite going into Tuesday's primaries. A sweep could make her nomination almost a sure thing. With 189 delegates, the big prize is Pennsylvania, where theCBS News Battleground Tracker poll shows Clinton leading Bernie Sanders by eight points.
While Sanders faces some daunting polling going into Tuesday's five primary races in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Connecticut, Delaware and Rhode Island, he told CBS News' Nancy Cordes Monday night he was not entertaining the possibility that he might be all but mathematically eliminated from contention after Tuesday.
Hillary Clinton looks to close the show with Tuesday's primaries
"If you look at state polling, you're behind in Pennsylvania, in Maryland and Connecticut. If you wake up on Wednesday and you've lost most or all of these five states, what do you do then?" Cordes asked him.
"What we do is go to West Virginia and Kentucky, and then head out to California, the largest state in our country," Sanders said. "I believe that the people in every state in this country have a right to cast a ballot to determine who they would like to see as president of the United States, and equally important, the agenda that they want the Democratic Party to have. Do they want to address the issues of rampant poverty in this country, of massive income and wealth inequality?"
Cordes pointed out Clinton also talks about these issues and asked, "Is she strong enough on poverty to win over your supporters, if she needs to?"
"Well, I'll let my supporters make their own decisions," Sanders responded.
"But you have a lot of influence over them," Cordes said.
"We're in this race to win. We're going to be in California in June and we're going to be in Philadelphia back here in July. And my job is to win this nomination," Sanders said. "If I don't win the nomination, I'm going to do everything I can to make sure that a Republican does not get elected president of the United States."
On Sunday, when asked about supporting Clinton if she wins the nomination, Sanders suggested that his support would come with conditions.
"That is totally dependent on what the Clinton platform is and how she responds to the needs of millions of Americans who are sick and tired of establishment politics and establishment economics," Sanders said on ABC's "This Week."
Clinton, at a town hall Monday, recalled that her response to losing eight years ago differed, telling MSNBC town hall host Rachel Maddow, "We got to the end in June and I did not put down conditions. I didn't say, 'You know what, if Sen. Obama does W, Y, and Z maybe I'll support him.'"
Southampton Football Club can confirm defender Jack Stephens has been recalled from his loan spell at Middlesbrough.
The defender joined the Championship side in the summer with a view to spending the 2015/16 campaign at the Riverside.
The 21 year-old made just five appearances during his time at the club, four of which came in the Capital One Cup.
Stephens did play his part in a memorable win for Boro back in October as they beat Manchester United on penalties at Old Trafford, but his chances were still limited after that.
The defender has now returned to St Mary's and is available for Saturday's Emirates FA Cup clash with Crystal Palace.
On Stephens' return, Saints boss Ronald Koeman said: "Jack is back from Middlesbrough. He wasn't playing there and then why is he on loan if he doesn't play? It's better for him to come back."
After an extensive period of speculation and rumor-milling, we're hearing that famed St. Pete watering hole Georgie's Alibi will be no more than of Sept. 19.
Our reporter, Aaron Alper, just returned from a phone call with the real estate developer, and it seems that the news is grim. The area's most notable gay bar will be closing its doors next week so that the plat can be redeveloped into “affordable housing.”
“It is with great sadness and a heavy heart that we announce the rumors are true and Georgie's Alibi St. Petersburg will cease operations at the close of business on Saturday Sept. 19,” Georgie's said on their Facebook page. “The real estate and an adjoining parcel have been sold to a developer who plans on building new housing units. We can't thank the greater St. Petersburg community enough for their support over the past 15 years. Technology and the greater acceptance of alternative lifestyles have impacted the viability of gay venues throughout the country, and The Alibi was not immune to these phenomena. Thank you everyone for 15 wonderful years of memories!”
It may just be the beginning of this kind of LGBT recycling, we're hearing. Oh, dear. More when we know it.
shadow
Dalle indagini alle sentenze. Mentre Luca Odevaine, ex membro del tavolo nazionale sui migranti, ottiene i domiciliari (era detenuto a Terni), comincia la «fase due» dell'inchiesta Mafia Capitale, in cui il lavoro della procura viene sottoposto alla verifica dei giudici. Un passaggio che spiana la strada all'accusa perché i pm ottengono in un colpo solo le prime quattro condanne e soprattutto incassano anche il riconoscimento della contestazione dell'aggravante mafiosa, per la prima volta messo nero su bianco in una sentenza. A subire l'applicazione dell'aggravante è Emilio Gammuto, fidatissimo dell'ex ras delle cooperative, condannato a 5 anni e 4 mesi di reclusione per corruzione al termine del rito abbreviato.
Il semaforo verde Nel suo comportamento il gup Anna Criscuolo ha ravvisato la volontà di aver voluto agevolare l'associazione di stampo mafioso, tanto che Gammuto dovrà risarcire le associazioni Libera, Sos Impresa, Cittadinanza attiva e Antonino Caponnetto con cinquemila euro ciascuna. La scelta del giudice è un semaforo verde, in vista del processo, alla ricostruzione operata dalla procura che considera mafiosa la natura del sistema creato da Massimo Carminati, Salvatore Buzzi e Riccardo Brugia. Il gup ha condannato anche Emanuela Salvatori, ex funzionaria del Campidoglio, che dovrà scontare quattro anni di reclusione con l'accusa di corruzione e versare al Comune ventimila euro di provvisionale. L'ex responsabile dell'attuazione del piano nomadi di Castel Romano, secondo i pm Paolo Ielo, Luca Tescaroli e Giuseppe Cascini, avrebbe favorito un finanziamento di 150 mila euro a una cooperativa della galassia di Salvatore Buzzi in cambio dell'assunzione della figlia, con l'aggiunta di 1.300 euro. Sono stati infine condannati Raffaele Bracci e Fabio Gaudenzi, ciascuno a 4 anni di reclusione, con l'accusa di usura per aver imposto a un imprenditore tassi del 120% annui sulla somma da restituire.
L'aggravante mafiosa Sulla posizione di Gammuto è opportuno aprire una parentesi per capire la ragione dell'importanza del riconoscimento dell'aggravante. Secondo l'accusa, l'imputato si sarebbe occupato di consegnare 25 mila euro (di 40 mila promessi) a Claudio Turella, funzionario pubblico del servizio Giardini, che in cambio del denaro avrebbe garantito a Buzzi di fare pressione sull'amministrazione comunale per orientare dei finanziamenti pubblici a favore delle cooperative riconducibili al ras della “29 giugno”. E, sempre per i pm, Gammuto avrebbe agito sapendo che stava aiutando un'associazione di stampo mafioso. Un'impostazione accolta dal giudice che ha ritenuto come le pressioni operate dal dipendente di Buzzi siano state volte a favorire consapevolmente un'organizzazione mafiosa. Tra sessanta giorni le motivazioni.
La trappola di Buzzi Sul processo che avrà inizio il 5 novembre si allunga anche l'ombra di un rinvio sine die per una mossa a sorpresa dell'avvocato Alessandro Diddi, difensore di Salvatore Buzzi. Il legale del presidente della 29 giugno ripresenterà, prima dell'apertura del dibattimento, una nuova richiesta di patteggiamento a 3 anni e 9 mesi al collegio presieduto da Rosanna Ianiello. Nella proposta il difensore condizionerà l'applicazione della pena all'esclusione dell'associazione per delinquere di stampo mafioso. Al collegio a quel punto si prospetterà una triplice strada. Accogliere subito il patteggiamento: ipotesi, però, altamente improbabile perché supporrebbe una sconfessione immediata dell'impostazione dell'accusa che ruota intorno al 416bis. Accantonare la proposta e ridiscuterla nel merito al termine del dibattimento: via d'uscita per il collegio ritenuta forzata dal legale perché la formulazione dell'articolo 448 del codice di procedura penale impone al giudice di sciogliere subito la questione. Oppure, ed è l'insidia immaginata dal difensore di Buzzi, respingere il patteggiamento: strada che sarebbe obbligata per il tribunale secondo l'avvocato Alessandro Diddi.
L'incognita L'implicazione di questa terza opzione sarebbe devastante per il futuro del processo. Dopo aver respinto la richiesta, sarebbe, infatti, inevitabile per il collegio spogliarsi del procedimento perché, decidendo di ritenere infondata la proposta, vorrebbe dire che i giudici avrebbero già anticipato un giudizio sul merito del processo dopo la visione del fascicolo. A quel punto diventerebbe indispensabile trasferire il processo a un altro collegio con conseguente spostamento del dibattimento ad altro giudice. Che significherebbe? Nuova data per l'inizio del processo, nuova formulazione del calendario, ma soprattutto tempi di scarcerazione prossimi alla scadenza termini con conseguente ritorno in libertà per gli imputati.
SYDNEY (REUTERS) - Tesla has won an Australian contract to install the world's biggest grid-scale battery in what experts say will be a litmus test for the reliability of large-scale renewable energy.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk, known for his bold approach to cars, clean energy and space exploration, trumped dozens of competing proposals to build the gigantic lithium-ion battery that will serve as emergency back-up power for South Australia - a state racked by outages.
But under the agreement, Tesla must deliver the 100-MW battery within 100 days of the contract being signed or it will be free - a commitment Musk made in a Tweet in March.
"There will be a lot of people that will look at this -'Did they get it done within 100 days? Did it work?'," Musk told reporters in South Australia's capital city of Adelaide. "We are going to make sure it does."
The project likely involves linking hundreds of smaller battery modules and is "very doable", although the 100-day deadline might be tight, Sankar Das Gupta, chief executive of Canadian lithium-ion battery supplier Electrovaya, told Reuters.
The battery, designed to light up 30,000 homes if there is a blackout, will be built on a wind farm operated by France's Neoen, parts of which are still under construction.
Musk said failing to deliver the project in time would cost his company "US$50 million or more" without elaborating. US$50 million is S$69 million.
It will be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour facility in California that also was built using Tesla batteries.
Over the past three years, South Australia has decided to shut down its coal-fired power stations and instead rely on wind, solar and gas. It has raced ahead of the rest of the country in turning to wind power, which supplies 40 per cent of its energy.
The move has been applauded by environmentalists, but left the state prone to outages as there is no way to store enough energy when the wind does not blow.
In September, South Australia's 1.7 million residents were without power, some of them for up to two weeks, when the grid overloaded and collapsed.
The battery is aimed at getting around the problem of inadequate storage. "Cost-effective storage of electrical energy is the only problem holding us back from getting all of our power from wind and solar," said Ian Lowe, a professor of science at Australia's Griffith University.
"This project is a significant innovation to demonstrate the feasibility of large-scale storage."
LITHIUM AMBITIONS
Dozens of companies from 10 countries, including privately owned Lyon Group, working with US power company AES Corp , expressed interest in the project.
Now the sector is waiting to see if Musk can make good on his promise.
"It seems that confidence helped Tesla win but typically this kind of project takes six months so we have to wait and see whether or not Tesla can do it," said a source at a Korean competitor to Tesla, declining to be identified due to the sensitivity of the matter.
Late last year, Tesla took about three months to provide a 20-megawatt energy storage system to a substation owned by Southern California Edison, the California utility said.
"The Tesla technology is very mature. It's very well understood," said Haresh Kamath, a battery researcher at the Electric Power Research Institute in California. "It's not a moonshot."
Lithium-ion batteries have been in widespread use since about 1991, but mostly on a small scale, such as in laptops and cell phones.
For their proponents who have long been pushing for grander use, the success of Musk' s big South Australian experiment will be key to greater acceptance.
"For lithium technology to take off on a global scale, they clearly need the storage capacity to make sure renewables can deliver 24 hours a day, seven days a week," said Adrian Griffin, a geologist who specialises in lithium extraction.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. (WTVR) -- Two members of Richmond City Council announced late Friday that they plan to vote against Mayor Dwight Jones' Shockoe Bottom baseball plan.
Charles Samuels and Jon Baliles said they will vote "no" when the ordinance goes before city council next Tuesday.
"This proposal is still, after seven months, fundamentally incomplete and continues to unravel with almost every presentation,"Baliles said in a statement. "We have kept open minds on this plan since before Thanksgiving, but the time has come for us to move on to more pressing matters..”
Additionally, Samuels said that “if the administration wants to revisit this issue in the fall when they may have a complete plan, we would be happy to consider it along with other potential proposals."
"There is a growing consensus that this slow drip approach of information is not helpful to the City of Richmond. Instead, it is increasingly interfering with more urgent matters that Richmond City Council needs to resolve," Samuels said.
Richmnd council members @crsamuels and @jonbaliles say they'll vote no on mayor's stadium. Unofficially 4-4 with Hilberts left @CBS6 — Bill Fitzgerald (@BillFitzCBS6) May 23, 2014
Council members were considering an alternative development baseball stadium proposal for the Boulevard that was submitted by a group of private developers.
Baliles said the Boulevard plan presented by those developers would not use taxpayer dollars to build a new baseball stadium on the Boulevard.
According to Baliles, the Mayor's current plan would cost the city $80 million, which would go toward building a new stadium in Shockoe Bottom, infrastructure improvements in the area, and a slavery heritage site.
Stay with WTVR.com and CBS 6 News for the latest developments on this story.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau issued a blunt warning to European lawmakers today: sign off on a free trade deal with Canada or risk reducing the European Union's relevance.
Trudeau formally welcomed French Prime Minister Manuel Valls for a three-day visit to Canada, holding a news conference after a private meeting on Parliament Hill.
"If, in a week or two, we see that Europe is unable to sign a progressive trade agreement with a country like Canada, well then with whom will Europe do business in the years to come?" Trudeau asked in French. "In this post-Brexit situation where there are a great many questions about Europe's usefulness, if Europe cannot manage to sign this agreement, then that sends a very clear message not just to Europe, but to the whole world, that Europe is choosing a path that is not productive for its citizens or the world. And that would be a shame."
Valls said France is a champion for the Comprehensive and Economic Trade Agreement (CETA) because it will be a strong jobs generator and boost for both economies. He called it "unfathomable" that Europe would not agree to the accord.
"If the EU does not participate in a positive, win-win agreement with Canada, then with whom will the EU be able to build such free trade agreements?" he asked.
CETA blocked in Belgium?
Trudeau was planning to travel to Brussels to officially sign the agreement later this month, but some countries have been slow to agree to its ratification.
Austria's chancellor, for example, only began to show tentative signs of support last week after a major lobbying effort led by Canada's allies in the German social democratic party.
This week, key regional government votes in Belgium's southern region of Wallonia appear poised to thwart plans to have the EU's trade ministers sign off on the deal next Tuesday.
Valls was asked about efforts to bring Belgium's regional dissenters onside.
"We are doing everything we can to convince our Walloon friends that this agreement is a good thing for Canada and the European Union," he said. "France is fully committed to this agreement."
I was honoured to welcome French PM <a href="https://twitter.com/manuelvalls">@manuelvalls</a> today as we strengthen the partnership & friendship between Canada and France. <a href="https://t.co/7b1P6PKoUb">pic.twitter.com/7b1P6PKoUb</a> —@JustinTrudeau
The French are working in tandem with Canadian International Trade Minister Chrystia Freeland and her parliamentary secretary, David Lametti, who both have travelled to Belgium to try to sell the deal.
Lametti — specifically tasked with bringing the Belgians around — hosted a delegation from Wallonia in Canada this month.
Valls also was asked about French Green MEP José Bové's speaking tour in Canada this week. The outspoken anti-free trade activist is working to stop the deal from being ratified in Brussels.
Bové was detained for several hours at Montreal's airport Tuesday and missed a speaking engagement.
"I have a great deal of sympathy for José Bové, but he does not represent all of France or all of the European Parliament," Valls said.
Canada a 'key partner'
Valls praised Canada as a key partner in fighting the biggest challenges confronting the world, from the "scourge" of terrorism to fighting climate change. The French PM also praised Trudeau for reassuming a leading role on the global stage.
Valls arrived in Ottawa on Wednesday evening and had a private, working dinner with Trudeau and their officials before Thursday's official events.
Governor General David Johnston met French Prime Minister Manuel Valls at Rideau Hall Wednesday evening. (Fred Chartrand/Canadian Press)
When Valls arrived on Parliament Hill Thursday morning, the pair took part in an official welcoming ceremony that included a 19-gun salute, followed by a wreath laying in the Memorial Chamber of the Peace Tower.
On Thursday afternoon, the two leaders moved on to Montreal, where they joined Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard for a business luncheon hosted by the Montreal Chamber of Commerce to promote CETA.
Valls is in Canada until Friday.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls, Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau met business leaders in Montreal ahead of a luncheon event to promote the Canada-EU free trade agreement. (Paul Chiasson/Canadian Press)
'No advice' on peacekeeping
The two leaders also discussed Canada's plans for sending peacekeepers to West Africa to join the fight against Islamic militants.
The Trudeau government has said it will commit 600 peacekeepers to UN missions, and France has been pushing Canada hard to join the UN mission in West Africa.
La France et le Canada, c'est une relation très forte, une longue amitié forgée par l'Histoire. Merci au PM <a href="https://twitter.com/JustinTrudeau">@JustinTrudeau</a> pour son accueil. <a href="https://t.co/LJxeFHbPau">pic.twitter.com/LJxeFHbPau</a> —@manuelvalls
Trudeau confirmed discussions included operations in Africa, but said Canada is still figuring out the best ways to help in the world. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan is meeting with top peacekeeping officials at the United Nations in New York Thursday.
Valls said France will offer "no advice" to Canada on important decisions, but stressed the importance of offering support and training to African armies in countries like Mali.
"We are glad that Canada is back. It is important for us, and I know it will translate into concrete actions," he said.
France has 3,000 troops fighting a separate counter-insurgency mission in several countries that used to be its colonies, under the banner of Operation Barkhane.
The Detroit Tigers' Old English D
If you're like me, the Old English D represents many things; toughness, the Detroit Tigers, and it represents the motor city as a whole. In a recent episode of Detroit Tigers weekly, Justin White and Ryan Field explained the history of the Detroit Tigers organization's link with the Old English D.
The Old English D was first spotted on the 1904 Tigers' road uniforms. One year later, it was adopted on the home uniforms as well. Since 1904, 25 different “Ds” were used on the home and away uniforms before finally settling on the current home “D” during the 1961 season. Even the baseball caps underwent many changes with the “D.” 29 to be exact. The Tigers' hats finally settled on the “D” that it currently uses in the season of 1968 when the Tigers won the World Series. But check this out…
THERE ARE TWO DIFFERENT “Ds” BEING USED? As a Detroit Tigers fan, AND a graphic designer, I was ashamed at myself for never noticing it. But Now every time I go into a sports store, or am I watching the Tigers on TV, all I see is the subtle difference in the hats and jerseys. It is kind of a cool out of left field (pun intended) fact to know and spread around to your friends. How many people knew that the Tigers used two different “Ds?”
Although the Tigers use two different ones, the Old English D is still easily recognized around the world, and is is a symbol that Detroit fans from all over rally around. I have worn the famous “D” in numerous states across America, and in several countries outside the U.S., and everywhere I go, people know where I am from and they respect it. For that I am proud to be a Detroiter, and I will always hold a special place in my heart for the city that I was raised to love.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressing the centenary celebrations of Bharat Sevashram Sangha through video conferencing, in New Delhi on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday called for the setting up of some model solar cities in the country. Modi made this proposal while reviewing the progress of key infrastructure sectors including petroleum and natural gas, power, renewable energy and housing. The meeting was attended by top officials of PMO, NITI Aayog and all infrastructure Ministries of the Government of India.
As per the proposal of the PM, model solar cities would fully be powered by solar energy. He also called for making certain localities of the country kerosene-free.
If created, Modi's model solar city would be the first of its kind in the world, fully dependent on the renewable energy. Such city may inspire other cities of India and the world to make a concerted effort towards increasing their dependence on the green energy.
According to a PMO release, India's total renewable generation capacity has crossed 57 GigaWatts, with an increase of 24.5% being registered in the last fiscal year. The capacity addition in solar energy in Financial Year 2017 was the highest-ever at 81%. Solar and wind tariffs have now achieved grid parity, with rates well below 4 rupees per Kilowatt-Hour.
To realize the model solar city vision, PM Modi asked officials to give priority to the manufacturing of solar equipment, to drive employment generation, and derive maximum benefit from the renewable energy drive.
PM Modi's proposal to establish model solar cities is in line with his continued focus on renewable energy. On several occasions in the past, PM Modi has talked about India's high potential in the renewable energy sector and it is his vision to see India as a leader in green energy.
PM Modi has also created the International Solar Alliance and over 20 countries including France and Brazil have joined the initiative and more are expected to join. The initiative provides a platform for 121 expected member countries to join hands and sort out the identified gaps through a common agreed approach to tap solar energy.
The debate boils down to this: When Homer says “yes, once,” is he talking about a previous time he saw a man say goodbye to a shoe, or is he referring to Hank doing it?
Hi there. My name is Kat, and last week, I accidentally ignited a civil war amongfans over a silly, throwaway joke from a 1996 episode of the show.
I'm sorry, OK? I'M SORRY. I just thought it would be a fun thing for all of us to talk about! I couldn't have predicted... this.
While there was technically a winner of the poll, the results were very, VERY close...
I knew I needed to find an answer — ANY answer. But I also knew that reaching out to the episode's writer, John Swartzwelder, would prove difficult, as he is a notoriously private man
@colebastedo I always assumed he was talking about a previous instance but you'd have to ask Dan Castellaneta who improvised that line
But it turned out that Swartzwelder wouldn't have had the answer anyway, as the Simpsons showrunners at the time revealed on Twitter:
"Yes, once" was improvised by Dan "Homer Simpson" Castellaneta. If there WAS an answer to this insane debate, he'd have it.
So, abandoning the last shred of dignity I had left, I reached out to Castellaneta's reps for a comment about a single line he ad-libbed 20 years ago. I felt exactly like one of the nerds from the Poochie episode.
So, abandoning the last shred of dignity I had left, I reached out to Castellaneta's reps for a comment about a single line he ad-libbed 20 years ago. I felt exactly like one of the nerds from the Poochie episode.
The line was improvised. Albert Brooks always improvised whenever he did the show. That line was a reflexive response to Albert's improvised line about seeing a man say goodbye to a shoe. I probably thought it was a previous time but it is funnier if it means he saw it at that moment.
What would another championship with the Dallas Mavericks be worth to Dirk Nowitzki?
The answer is probably priceless.
True loyalty: Dirk Nowitzki desperately wants to win another title, but departing Dallas to do it was never an option he considered. Kevin Jairaj/USA TODAY Sports
If you want to go with an actual dollar figure, start somewhere in the $50 million range. Nowitzki left at least that much money on the table by taking a three-year, $25 million deal to return to the Mavs instead of listening to pitches from teams interested in paying him around the max, as ESPN.com's Marc Stein reported.
This wasn't just about Dirk's desire to win. If that's all that mattered, he'd be headed to Houston. The Rockets would have loved nothing more than to put the sweetest-shooting 7-footer in NBA history on the floor with shooting guard James Harden and center Dwight Howard. The Rockets would have kept Chandler Parsons in that case and featured the best starting five in the NBA.
Nowitzki, however, is too loyal to consider leaving the only NBA home he's ever known. He desperately wants to contend for another championship, but departing Dallas to do it was never an option he considered.
Maybe it'd be different if there hadn't been a championship parade in downtown Dallas a few summers ago. If Nowitzki still didn't own a championship ring, the thought of a Karl Malone-like, late-career jump to a contender would surely have been tempting.
But, with a Finals MVP trophy on his mantel, Nowitzki can comfortably continue his longtime plan to be a one-team man.
The choice Nowitzki made more than a year ago, when he publicly committed to taking a Tim Duncan-like discount to stay in Dallas when his contract expired this summer, was to sacrifice a small fortune to maximize the Mavs' chances of contending for a championship during his golden years.
It's not like Mark Cuban had a tough time negotiating with Nowitzki, who has never had an agent. At this point in his career, Nowitzki is essentially an assistant general manager, so it was just a matter of figuring out how massive his pay cut needed to be to allow the Mavs to fill their needs.
This is an unprecedented hometown discount, coming in at $5 million less than Duncan's deal over the course of his contract. Nowitzki, who took $16 million under max on his previous contract, gave the Mavs enough salary cap wiggle room to overpay Parsons and re-sign Devin Harris after Dallas traded for Tyson Chandler.
The Dirk discount also guarantees that the Mavs will be major players in next summer's free agency shopping as well. It also might plant seeds of sacrifice in the mind of Monta Ellis, who can opt out of his three-year, $25 million contract next summer or wait a year to be paid market value by the Mavs.
Clearly, Nowitzki is never going to have to plead poverty after making more than $200 million during his career, but he's gone above and beyond with his loyalty and generosity to Dallas. That is true as the face of the franchise and a community man, as anyone who saw him grant every autograph request long after the lights were out at his sold-out charity baseball game last month can attest.
Nowitzki has two goals for the rest of his career: Retire as a Maverick and win another championship, in that order of importance. The money doesn't matter that much.
The Anchorage Chevrolet owner who wanted license plates that said "KIDNPR" was told no.
So was the Fairbanks Harley-Davidson rider who asked for "81," a nickname for the Hells Angels Motorcycle Club.
And alas, the Alaska Department of Motor Vehicles did not issue a license plate that read "80085" to the Palmer Chevrolet Spark owner — an apparent homage to a classic middle school calculator display trick.
Alaskans love customizing their vehicle license plates. There are 99,940 vehicles in Alaska with personalized plates, representing roughly 11 percent of the state's total registered vehicles, according to the DMV.
During the 2017 fiscal year, some 7,488 people applied for them.
Every year, the DMV rejects some for being too offensive for public consumption. The department says "ethnic, racial or vulgar connotations" can't be used on vanity plates, a policy enshrined in state administrative code.
Last year, a total of 115 personalized plates were rejected, according to the state.
So far this year, 173 plates have been rejected — just through Aug. 4.
The reason for the rejection is obvious for many of the plates. (DMV screeners are on to every creative way to spell a common four-letter expletive that starts with an F.)
But the reasons why others were deemed offensive — HZNHRZ on a motor home out of the North Pole? — aren't quite so clear.
The DMV won't answer questions about specific decisions.
But to get a dirty personalized license plate, you have to get by a committee of department employees charged with screening requests on a weekly basis, according to division director Marla Thompson. They vote on the requests, basing their decisions on the state code barring offensive plates.
The department didn't allow a reporter to interview workers making those decisions to get an idea of how they separate the obscene from the acceptable in a constantly evolving vocabulary of slang.
The department is "working hard to improve our public image and we don't wish anyone to think we're making fun of them," wrote Department of Administration public information officer Minta Montalbo in an email. She also cited worker privacy.
But in the past, the DMV has said that a multilingual, age-diverse committee screens requests with a goal of keeping up with texting lingo and words with offensive meanings in other languages.
So here they are, every Alaska license plate rejected in 2016 and 2017.
Most people can broadly agree that the China story can only be sustained with a convincing sub-story of transformational economic reform. But predicting a pathway through is not easy in a tradition where the utopian future is meant to be secure while history and present reality can be relegated to contingent variables. One way to predict the future is to lower the burden of evidence and raise the requirements of faith, as many did after the new strongman leader, President Xi Jinping, released his "decision" to deepen reforms after its third plenum meeting in November. "A golden decade of sustainable growth and unparalleled prosperity has just started," the China economy team at ANZ bank bravely told clients at the time. Another way, reserved for the influential, is to rely on privileged channels which Beijing is only too happy to provide. "Xi was directly involved, directly, he guided everything, he worked with everything, and everybody, he was cracking the whip and driving things every day," says an executive, explaining Xi's personal efforts to inscribe pro-market wording into the third plenum documentation, as relayed to their group at the Bo'ao Forum by Fang Xinghai, a Stanford-educated member of Xi's key economic policy-setting body. "Fang was just incredible in how open and transparent he was," says the executive. "He was Xi's right-hand man." But how does an Australian executive cross-reference Fang's insights or judge his relationship with the leader of one of the world's most opaque political systems? "Hmm, I didn't question it," says the executive. "I think his job is to make everybody feel good. He achieved that."
Questions about how China controls what the world says about it are becoming more important as Xi presses a hardline ideological agenda that requires scholars and officials to self-inoculate against Western agents and ideas. Even the respected governor of the central bank, Zhou Xiaochuan, has had to lead his technocrats through a bizarre Mao-era ritual of socially reinforced dictatorship called the "the mass line". It's arguably harder than it has been in decades to see through China's fragmentary data, deliberate half-truths and irreconcilable contradictions. So what do we really know? Barry Naughton, at the University of California in San Diego, who literally wrote the book on China's economic reform process, has forensically sifted through documents and news reports to conclude that the third plenum decision has created a whole new pro-reform bureaucratic infrastructure which will generate a rush of bottom-up proposals. "I think we should take the economic reform initiatives very seriously; I think they're real and they'll have a significant impact," says Naughton. But he cautions that it's far too early to asses the balance of contradictions. "They seem to be going hard in five different directions," says Naughton. "Short-term probably consistent, long-term deeply contradictory, what are they going to choose?" Naughton's university colleague, Victor Shih, who pioneered the study of the rapidly-mutating financing structures that proliferated after the Global Financial Crisis, warns that the scorecard so far does not look good. "I think we have seen the exact opposite of reform," says Shih, pointing out that already underpaid chief executives at China's internationally-ambitious banks have been designated as "state administrative cadres" and had their salaries slashed.
While Xi is setting up a process of economic reform, and has marketed the coming fourth plenum as being about legal reform, it is unlikely that even he knows how those objectives will be balanced against his relentless campaign to expand and deepen personal and party control. ANZ's China economist, Zhou Hao, says he is sticking to the "golden decade" story but also acknowledges that some trade-offs will be hard. "I agree there are mixed signals," he says. Can Xi let GDP growth slow hard enough, for long enough, to break a credit cycle which has already outstripped both Japan and the US at their pre-crisis heights? Will he even try to level the playing field between state-backed and private firms if it means allowing state firms to go bust? It will take extraordinary political strength - and message control - to sustain the story of an inexorably growing economy over the deep vulnerabilities and wild uncertainties that would be exposed by any serious process of structural reform. Perversely, from an Australian's point of view, the most positive signal he could give would be to refrain from unleashing yet another flood of credit to revive the markets for real estate, industrial production and iron ore. And even if Xi holds his nerve on the macro-settings – as destabilising as that will be (and not only in China) - he will eventually confront a much starker choice between the dictates of Leninist power and the institutions required for market economics. At that point, he can choose to keep his commitment to absolute personal and party control, or he can attempt to preserve the illusion of inexorably rising Chinese power, but he can't have both.
John Garnaut is Fairfax Media's Asia-Pacific editor.
Kurt Nimmo and Alex Jones
Infowars.com
August 31, 2010
According to the CNN report below, the government will use satellites “sparingly” to spy on the American people. However, as Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com have reported at least since 2007, the government has used this technology consistently to prey into the affairs of the citizenry. Spy satellite technology — lasers, infrared, electromagnetic data and other technologies — is a primary component in the police state control and surveillance grid. The technology was not designed to protect us from foreign terrorists.
In 2007, then director of National Intelligence, Michael McConnell, authorized Michael Chertoff's Department of Homeland Security to use data collected from satellites and pass this information on to civilian agencies and law enforcement. Prior to this, we are told, access to only the most basic spy-satellite data was limited to a handful of federal civilian agencies, such as NASA and the US Geological Survey, which used the images for scientific and environmental study.
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
So egregious was the plan to spy on the American people, the Department of Homeland Security's top intelligence, privacy and civil rights officials were called before Congress in August of 2007 to answer questions about violating the privacy rights of Americans. DHS never got around to creating a legal framework or standard operating procedures for the National Applications Office, the agency responsible for oversight of satellite technology. It has no intention of ever doing so.
In May of 2008, Chertoff said during a speech at the Heritage Foundation that the U.S. needs to engage in a “nonpoliticized, serious discussion while writing new laws to define the best way to combat terrorism,” in other words the American people need to stop complaining about the government violating the Constitution and the Bill of Rights and adjust their thinking to accept Stasi-like 24-7 snooping.
From RFID tagging school children and surreptitiously taking the blood of newborn babies to be included in a government DNA database to airport naked body scanners and warrantless checkpoints cropping up around the country, the government has stepped up its efforts to impose a high-tech surveillance and control grid on the American people.
Former CIA director Michael Hayden characterizes the internet as “lawless.”
Prior to the anointment of Barry Obama to the presidency, we were told government would suddenly become transparent. Instead, the policies escalated under Bush have continued. The Obama administration has taken the snoop grid to the next level with his plan to allow the NSA snoop computer traffic on private-sector networks. Congress is ready to hand him the authority to shut down the internet.
Fresh food that lasts from eFoods Direct (Ad)
It should be obvious to all who pay attention that the encroaching surveillance grid is not about saving us from al-Qaeda or medieval Muslims in remote caves, but is designed to be used to track and ultimately control the movement and thus liberty of the American people.
OTTAWA — Conservative MPs have blocked an opposition bid to review the government's ongoing audits of a number of charities, saying it's offensive to suggest the tax agency is the subject of political interference.
The NDP had convened a rare summer sitting of the finance committee to consider a motion to study the Canada Revenue Agency's recent audits of a number of charities.
Groups such as Amnesty International, Environmental Defence and the United Church of Canada's Kairos organization have faced audits to determine if they are overspending on political activities.
Both the New Democrats and the Liberals have raised concerns that group critical of the Conservative government are being targeted disproportionately.
Today's closed-door committee meeting ended after only an hour, with no commitment to pursue a study.
Conservative MP Gerald Keddy emphasized the revenue agency's activities are conducted at arm's length from government, and noted that audits should remain private.
In Abandoned, Europe, Transportation / By Tom / 22 May 2014
(All images by Wim Van den Eynde (see website), reproduced with permission)
It's not often you stumble into an 800 metre-long tunnel crammed full of vintage trolleys and buses, along with a few modern ones, their ghostly forms illuminated by the flash of the camera.
But that was the scene that greeted photographer Wim Van den Eynde of urbanexploration.be in a gloomy tunnel in Belgium.
The amazing collection practically tells the story of Belgium's urban transportation through the decades, perhaps even the last century in the case of some old vehicles.
Wim commented that some specimens appeared as though they could be started up and driven out of the tunnel. Others, he continued, “could use a makeover, but after the restoration, they would not look out of place in a museum.”
Keep reading – Explore 8 Abandoned Tram Tunnels and Trolley Graveyards
Four years after the start of protests against the rule of Bashar al-Assad, the Syrian civil war has left more than 200,000 people dead, hundreds of thousands wounded, an unknowable number detained and millions displaced both inside and outside the country.
Towns and villages that people have known for generations are irrevocably changed, and the lives those communities once sustained have been re-routed to refugee camps, migrant ships, militant groups and underground media operations. As told by seven once-ordinary Syrians, four years of war have changed almost everything.
Mustafa: Teacher in exile
Mustafa says that the educational facilities at Zaatari are difficult to work in (MEE / Abo Bakr al-Haj Ali)
Teaching was all Mustafa Abonqth ever wanted to do.
A married father of three, he began teaching 14 years ago in a primary school in the countryside outside the city of Deraa, where many believe the Syrian uprising began in March 2011. Over the years Ostaz (teacher) Mustafa proudly helped hundreds of students graduate to secondary school.
“The greatest part of my job, what brought glory to my family and made me feel loyalty to my career, was seeing my students go on to excel academically at the highest levels of education,” he told Middle East Eye.
“My dreams faded little by little. The war began and with it injustice, murder and destruction; the displacement of families. We were looking for security and justice and humanity, for a place to protect our children from the horrific scenes and preserve their right to life as much as possible and shield them from the abuses that were occurring in Syria.”
This became increasingly difficult, and in early 2013 Mustafa and his wife fled to Jordan and the Zaatari refugee camp. He was devastated.
"My dreams were fading. I felt it was all over for me, living as a refugee at Zaatari, scraping to make a living and trying to build hope for Syria to change course and stop the bloodshed."
At Zaatari, only Jordanians can teach in the camp; Syrian teachers work as assistants. So Mustafa took a job as a teacher's assistant and worked to get students back into class, and to clear their minds of violence and re-connect to humanity, freedom and dignity.
It has not been easy. According to Mustafa, the work of a teacher at the Zaatari schools doesn't fit the values and foundations of education.
"They put us in crowded classes, often with more than 70 students. Books and stationery are always late. It's like they want to destroy a generation that is aspiring for freedom and justice, a generation that is looking for solutions to the problem,” he said. But he won't let it get the better of him.
“I rearranged my dreams and in order to raise my children in a stable environment and give them the best chance at a future I brought them here to the camp. I'm still trying and I am not giving up."
Zakaria: Wrestling coach to wartime medic
Zakaria has one of the most dangerous jobs in the world (MEE / Abo Bakr al-Haj Ali)
Until four years ago, 40-year-old Zakaria Alvstki's world was defined by sport. He coached Syria's national wrestling team and guided his athletes to the highest international levels, seeing many of them compete at Arab and Asian championships.
When the first Deraa protests turned bloody, Zakaria volunteered to drive an ambulance, shuttling wounded demonstrators to ad-hoc field hospitals where they could be treated without incurring the government's wrath.
Zakaria knew immediately that his old life had ended: he had a new purpose. But after 10 days, Syria's security services intervened.
“They raided my house and arrested me and assaulted me and my family. They detained us at the military security branch, and then took me to Damascus, to Section 248, a military security facility," he said.
The torture began immediately.
“After a few days an officer opened my mouth and forced his shoes in my mouth and started talking on the phone for more than an hour. Afterwards they sent me back to prison, which was unbearable, filled with rats and cockroaches.”
Two months later Zakaria was sent back to Deraa. He immediately returned to work, collaborating with a group of doctors to create Deraa's first proper field hospital, later devising a secret pathway to evacuate the most grievously wounded people to the Jordanian border. For many people, he is a local hero.
Despite being wounded three times, Zakaria insists his days driving an ambulance through one of the most dangerous places in the world are nowhere near over.
“The regime tried to kill my brother, my cousin and my wife's brother,” he said. “This makes me more determined to follow my work in the Syrian revolution."
Mutassim: The wounded activist
Mutassim has been a long-time opposition media activist (MEE / Abo Bakr al-Haj Ali)
When protests began in his hometown, Mutassim Bedaiwi changed the course of his life completely, leaving his job with a construction company to become a media activist.
He told Middle East Eye he believes that protesting is both a human right and the duty of citizens who see and experience tyranny.
“When the revolution began, many media activists were arrested and tortured. Over the years I have filmed bombings, fighting, explosive barrels and battles between the FSA [Free Syrian Army] and the regime. I hope I can show the world what is happening in Syria,” he said.
Mutassim found paid work doing video reports for a few media groups, but he has also paid a heavy price for his work: 10 months ago he was shot in the abdomen. The damage was extensive and he was rushed to Jordan, where he had six major surgeries.
Now back in Deraa and on still on heavy antibiotics, he has already gone back at work.
Abu Zubair: From the streets of Deraa to al-Qaeda
Abu Zubair is the nom de guerre of a young fighter from Deraa who is now part of Jabhat al-Nusra, or the Nusra Front in English.
Four years ago he was a student at the University of Damascus. He dreamed of a stable life and a family of his own, but when the uprising began he risked the wrath of the security forces and took part in demonstrations in the countryside east of Deraa.
Abu Zubair joined the FSA, but was impressed when the Jabhat al-Nusra militant group, al-Qaeda's Syria branch, began to emerge in early 2012. As the group started to make gains in 2013, Abu Zubair left the FSA and joined Nusra's ranks.
Abu Elias: From student to media activist
Abu Elias holds up a sign calling for peace (MEE / Abo Bakr al-Haj Ali)
Media activist Abu Elias al-Balad used to have another name, another job, another life entirely.
The Deraa native was a third-year student at the College of Physical Education in Latakia University when his country began to come apart. In April 2011, he was at home visiting his family when police arrested him and put him in prison for several weeks.
After his release he abandoned his degree, fearing for his safety in Latakia, an important centre for the Syrian government and its fearsome shabiha militias loyal to President Bashar al-Assad. He began to take part in demonstrations against the Assads, because of what he saw in the cellars of Syrian intelligence when he was arrested: the widespread torture of detainees.
Abu Elias had always been a networker and a communicator. “Before the war I dreamed of bringing people from all the Syrian governorates together, having meetings through social networking or seminars, connecting people from all over the country,” he said.
The Syrian revolution found a focus for that dream. Abu Elias has worked for nearly four years as a volunteer media activist, taking photos and videos of the conflict and sharing them with opposition media.
Though Abu Elias still dreams of living a normal life, his focus now is the revolution and the fall of the Syrian government, however long that may take.
Dr. Alaa: a doctor in spite of it all
Alaa was a fourth-year medical student when the uprising started (MEE / Abo Bakr al-Haj Ali)
Alaa was a fourth-year student at the College of Medicine in Homs University when the uprisings began. He had hoped to open a clinic in his village after graduating and complete his residency in a hospital, but, as he puts it, “the drums of war had sounded”.
Alaa began volunteering in a field hospital in his hometown of Deraa, patching together increasingly broken bodies with a decreasing number of supplies. When he wasn't in the field hospital he was studying. But at the beginning of his sixth year of medical school, the security situation became unbearable. It was time to leave.
"I went to Jordan on foot as a refugee with my mother and my little brother. We entered Zaatari camp. I had left behind my studies and my future and I didn't want to lose them,” he said.
Alaa and his family left Zaatari and travelled to Egypt, where he was able to register at the Faculty of Medicine and complete his studies. He graduated and wanted to complete his licensing exams in Egypt, but high exam fees ($3,500) made it impossible.
Like so many other Syrian doctors, Alaa was unable to practice in an Egyptian hospital. He had come so far, and it was all for nothing.
“I felt despair and depression, like all that I had planned went down the drain,” he said.
Desperate, Alaa looked west – to Europe. He wanted to find a new country where he could immigrate as a doctor and take the follow-up studies required to become a specialist. He approached people-smugglers and paid for the journey across the Mediterranean.
“The trip took many days in the sea and no one knew where we were heading. The boat owners are a gang trading on the lives of the people. Under the threat of force they put us and everything we had on the back of the boat. They said if anyone caused problems they would throw them into the sea. They stole money, mobile devices, anything that was with us,” he told Middle East Eye.
“Miraculously, we finally got to the coast of Italy with the help of Italian coastguard after we had lost hope and were just waiting for death.”
From Italy, Alaa smuggled himself to Hamburg, Germany, where he registered as an asylum-seeker. At long last, he was safe.
Six months later he is learning German and looking for work in hospitals. He has a lot of training ahead of him in order to work as a doctor in Germany, and doesn't yet know where or how he will complete his studies. But for the first time in a long time, he feels hopeful.
Aziz: An athlete with a gun
Aziz says he found his athletics training useful when joining the FSA (MEE / Abo Bakr al-Haj Ali)
Aziz Abazid was born and raised in Deraa al-Balad, one of Deraa's two main districts that houses the old city.
Much like Alvstki, until the uprising began his life centred around sport. He showed promise in track and field and left school early to join the Deraa Athletic Club when he was just 16.
"I dreamed of excelling in the sport that I loved, and I checked off my first dream when I won the championship of the Republic of Sport 400-meter hurdles,” he said.
“I didn't just want to be the best in Syria: I wanted to compete on the world stage. But my dreams blew away in the wind when the war started, and I lost a lot of friends, relatives and neighbours.”
When the Free Syrian Army rebel group was formed, Aziz joined up and put his sporting knowledge to work as a trainer, eventually becoming a field commander. His brigade is now part of the Southern Front, which is funded by the US-led Friends of Syria and provides Abazid a salary of 15,000 Syrian pounds per month, about $70.
“I still fight to achieve my dreams,” he said. “We're fighting for freedom and a decent life.”
Aziz has been wounded three times, most recently in early February, when he was hit by shrapnel from a tank shelling a house in Deraa al-Balad. He has already returned to the battlefield.
MADISON, WISCONSIN - DECEMBER 9: University of Wisconsin-Madison students battle in a campus-wide snowball fight on Bascom Hil December 9, 2009 in Madison, Wisconsin. Classes were canceled at the university after Madison and the surrounding area has been hit with about 15-18 inches of snow with more snow to come. (Photo by Andy Manis/Getty Images)
If you're happy and you know it, you may be an Aggie.
That's because Texas A&M University is the happiest college in the country according to a recent ranking from The Daily Beast.
The ranking of the happiest colleges puts Texas A&M at No. 1, followed by Stanford and the University of Wisconsin.
Check out the top 10 in the list below and head over to The Daily Beast for the full ranking.
Wargamers,
As you will remember, last November we launched the Common Clans, introducing a shared, unified clan experience across all Wargaming titles. Alongside the new feature, we launched a dedicated clan website, allowing you to find information easier and manage your clan's needs. Additionally, Common Clans introduced the ability to place and display your group's logo not only on your tanks (where they've been around for a while) but also on all your aircraft in World of Warplanes.
Today we're happy to tell you that, after initial launch-related troubles, we have found a way to fix all displaying errors that prevented your unified emblem from showing up properly on all your aircraft. A new, smaller logo is going to correct all issues where the initially 256x256 pixels picture appeared cut off or misplaced on the fuselage of your planes. From now on, the new maximum size of the clan picture for World of Warplanes is going to be 176x176 pixels.
Unfortunately, we cannot rescale your already uploaded logos automatically. However, since we do want you to enjoy your team's emblem in all its glory on both your tanks and your aircraft, we came up with a different solution that will hopefully resolve this problem for our community.
As a courtesy to you for the troubled launch, from Tuesday 27 January until Monday 9 February 2015 all clan logo updates will be completely free!
If you like, you can use this promotion to make changes to your clan logo without having to pay the usual 500 service charge for it. Use the opportunity to enhance your emblem's look with a new design, re-upload it for free, and fix all potential placement bugs in World of Warplanes at the same time! Check out our dedicated guide to learn how to make changes to your clan tag or colour.
If you'd like to have more information on what advantages the Common Clans hold or how to set up your own clan, head over to our Common Clans portal, where all your questions shall be answered.
We apologise for the troubles and hope you'll be able to use the offer to rectify your logo as quickly as possible.
Roll Out!
Gaithersburg Police Chief Updates City Leaders About Stabbing at Lake Forest Mall
Gaithersburg Police Chief Mark Sroka told the Gaithersburg Mayor and City Council that he is confident that police will make an arrest in the attempted armed robbery and stabbing that occurred last week outside the Lake Forest Mall.
According to police, a 63-year-old woman was stabbed as she exited the mall and entered her vehicle in the upper level parking lot on Thursday afternoon outside Macy's.
At Monday night's Council meeting, Sroka also released some new details about the case. Sroka said the suspect demanded cash, which the victim did not have, and, he said, the suspect was armed with a knife. According to Sroka, the suspect was last seen heading towards Russell Avenue.
As for the status of the investigation, Chief Sroka said police have recovered some evidence that is being tested for DNA and, he said, that officers have talked to a witness. In addition, Sroka said, police officers are reviewing surveillance video from the mall.
For those concerned about safety and security at the mall, Sroka described this incident as “highly unusual,” noting that this is the first crime of its type at the mall this year. He also shared some crime statistics, noting that shoplifting and disorderly conduct calls are the main reasons police are dispatched to the Lake Forest Mall.
So far, this year, police have responded to 54 disorderly calls, compared to 41 last year. He said most of these calls involved teens at the food court. Although disorderly calls are up, the chief said calls for larceny and assault are down at the mall. According to Sroka, there were 43 larcenies reported this year, compared to 63 last year; and 12 assaults reported at the mall this year, compared to 16 last year.
According to the chief, there are surveillance cameras inside and outside the mall, and, he said, security at the mall involves not only private security guards but off-duty city police officers as well.
Gaithersburg Mayor Jud Ashman said he asked Sroka to attend the Dec. 21st meeting to provide the public with an update about the highly publicized case, and to talk about safety and security at the mall in general.
During the meeting, Ashman noted that he shopped at the mall over the weekend, and, he considers it safe.
Councilmember Henry Marraffa seemed to agree. “Overall, the mall is not dangerous,” Marraffa said, “but perception is everything.”
Gaithersburg Police Chief Updates City Leaders About Stabbing at Lake Forest Mall Gaithersburg Police Chief Mark Sroka told the Gaithersburg Mayor and City Council that he is confident that police will make an arrest in the attempted armed robbery and stabbing that occurred last week outside the Lake Forest Mall. According to police, a 63-year-old woman was stabbed as she exited the mall and entered her vehicle […] Read more
Commander Dinesh Patil on Lake Forest Mall Stabbing (VIDEO) On the afternoon of Dec. 17th, a 63-year-old woman was stabbed in the parking lot of Lake Forest Mall. In this MyMCMedia Extra video, Commander Dinesh Patil, of the Sixth District police station, discusses how police are responding. Related Posts: Read more
63-Year-Old Woman Stabbed Outside Lake Forest Mall in Gaithersburg A 63-year-old woman was stabbed outside the Lake Forest Mall in Gaithersburg on Thursday afternoon and police need your help to find the suspect. According to the Montgomery County Police Department, the stabbing and attempted armed robbery occurred shortly before 1:30 p.m. on Dec. 17th as the woman was exiting the mall near Macy's and […] Read more
Like this post? Sign up for our Daily Update here
Last summer I had the privilege of hearing noted author Brian McLaren speak several times at the Cooperative Baptist Fellowship General Assembly. During one of the Q&A sessions, I asked him a question which had been rolling around in my mind for quite some time: “What is the difference between patriotism and nationalism?” McLaren gave his answer, and later posted some more thoughts on social media, which I encourage you to read.
Since I posed that query last June, I've lost count of the number of divisive issues which have bubbled up in our nation. I continue to wrestle with the topic. Here are some thoughts.
Patriotism is that healthy devotion and loyalty we have for our country. It is natural to feel warmth and gratitude for all those who have gone before us, making our common life rich with blessings. Patriotism freely critiques the State, but does so out of fierce love and respect — a lover's quarrel. Nationalism, on the other hand, tends to be narrow and bigoted, an exclusivism that denigrates other nations and people groups. It exalts one's country to an almost god-like status, equating it with the Kingdom of God. Nationalism never questions officialdom, but simply endorses any and all government action, no matter how heinous or immoral.
Sometimes pastors and churches confuse patriotism and nationalism. If people are pleased with the status quo, they often quote Romans 13:1-7, the Apostle Paul's admonition to obey those in authority over us. When invoking this passage, the assumption is made that any criticism of the current empire is disobedience to God. Unfortunately, that step moves us dangerously close to deifying our country.
A more careful survey of scripture will reveal that Romans 13 is just one of many postures which God's faithful may have toward government. In Acts 5, when Peter and others were confronted by a corrupt coalition of Church and State, Peter's answer was clear: “We must obey God rather than human authority” (Acts 5:29).
In the Book of Revelation (chapters 13, 17 and 18), we see a very unflattering picture of the Roman Empire. No nation-worship here! In fact, we could read St. John's approach in the Apocalypse as one of “confessional resistance” — resisting the State by subversively (but courageously) worshiping a New Caesar, Jesus Christ.
God's Word seems abundantly clear. Any nation that is above critique is beyond God's help. So, take a breath, fellow citizens. Not everyone who disagrees with you is unpatriotic. And on the flip side, beware, lest you become guilty of thoughtless allegiance to immoral and unjust policies. Such allegiance is blind nationalism, not healthy patriotism.
Healthy, patriotic dissent is above partisanship and not in the pocket of any political party. Genuine patriotism sees moral inconsistencies on the Right and Left and has the courage to name them. Conversely, authentic love of country will be willing to praise and encourage appropriate ethical policies anywhere they are found along the political spectrum.
I happen to love the Kansas City Royals baseball team. Over the years, I have shared countless thrilling moments with my family and friends, watching the boys in blue. But when a player muffs a ground ball or the front office makes a questionable trade, I reserve the right to complain, criticize and make my opinion known. Such rabblerousing is not disloyalty; it is loyalty. I have earned the right, precisely because I love the team so dearly.
Patriotic Americans have the right — and the responsibility — to complain, protest, critique and express negative opinions. All for the love of country, in order to form a more perfect union.
Other than to get government money, why does Catholic Charities help seed the USA with Islamic colonists? Anyone who hasn't been asleep for the past 1,400 years knows that once they have the numbers, Muslims will eradicate Christians.
Unfortunately, this excellent billboard has been removed:
A billboard that targeted Catholic Charities for resettling Muslim refugees was taken down Wednesday, just days after it was installed in St. Joseph Township in Stearns County. The sign, which read “Catholic Charities Resettles Islamists: EVIL or INSANITY?” was apparently paid for by an individual who hired Franklin Outdoor Advertising to post it along a highway a few miles west of St. Cloud, where Somali immigrants have been targeted by anti-Muslim groups.
That is to say, where the native population has expressed dismay over government attempts to reduce the state of Minnesota to a Somali colony — which already has been nearly accomplished in Minneapolis.
A spokesman for Catholic Charities in St. Cloud said the office reached out to the advertising firm after an employee spotted the billboard to notify the firm that the office isn't involved with refugee resettlements. Franklin Outdoor agreed to remove the sign due to the inaccuracy, said Steve Bresnahan, the executive director of Catholic Charities of the Diocese of St. Cloud.
However,
Catholic Charities of St. Paul and Minneapolis, a separate organization from the St. Cloud office, does resettle refugees, including Muslims, said a spokeswoman. The office resettles some 300 refugees a year, primarily from Myanmar and Somalia.
At least no one has gone to jail over the billboard, like they might in Europe.
On tips from R F and Dragon's Lair. Hat tip: Bare Naked Islam.
On Sunday, the Smithsonian National Zoo announced that it had named its newborn panda cub "Bao Bao," which means "precious" or "treasure" in Chinese. The revelation came with its fair share of fanfare, as hundreds of visitors attended the naming ceremony and multiple media outlets shared the news.
But these naming fesitivites were marked by irony. While panda lovers across the country have celebrated Bao Bao's Chinese name, the reality is that few seems to understand the cultural significance of this milestone.
Like stereotypical "black" names, Chinese names are heavily stigmatized in the U.S., seen as silly, unpronouncable, even un-American. The "black name dilemma," as New York Times contributor Nikisia Drayton calls it, reflects the fact that we have collectively created and collectively sustain unfair, fictitious and racialized portrayals of people whose names aren't "mainstream" (read: white). A name like Shaniqua, for example, is commonly seen as "ghetto," even though the name itself says nothing about the character of the person who bears it. Similarly, Chinese names evoke Oriental "exoticness," which is in reality no more than a figment of America's imagination.
Some people have taken this a step further and misappropriated or satirized Chinese names, as if they have no inherent cultural value. (You can even use a fake Chinese name generator to come up with your own.)
In July, the Oakland news station KTVU aired a segment on the Asiana flight crash, identifying the pilots with four fake "Chinese" names. The names were allegedly an internal joke not meant to air, but that didn't stop KTVU from purportedly checking how to pronounce them with an editor who bore a real Chinese name.
Screen shot courtesy of Salon.
I know personally what effect these kinds of "jokes" have. My middle name is Yuting, which means "serving one's country" in Chinese.
My parents decided that my Chinese name would be my official middle name to remind me of my heritage. To them, it was a sign of cultural pride; to me, an unnecessary burden. Tweet
When I was young, I tried my best to hide it from my friends. I wasn't ashamed of having a Chinese name per se, but I also didn't want to be made fun of for not having an English middle name. Most of my friends, both Chinese and non-Chinese, had common American middle names like Sophia, Victor and James. I didn't. My friends and classmates would pester me to reveal my Chinese name, but I steadfastly refused. At times, what seemed like a simple request would turn into a mock-playful, at turns disrespectful, conversation about what my Chinese name could be.
"What is it?" one colleague asked. "Is it Ping Pong or something?"
"You know how Chinese parents name their kids, right?" someone jokingly asked me one day. "They drop a spoon on the floor and whatever sound it makes is that kid's name."
These offhand remarks only strengthened my resolve to keep my middle name a secret. I knew if I chose to reveal it, I would be confronted by even more ignorance. I had heard people make fun of immigrants with Chinese names, and I didn't want to be confused for one.
Moreover, I had already been dealing with incessant jokes about my last name because I shared it with none other than action movie star Jackie Chan.
"Do you know kung fu?" my friends would ask; I'd respond by smiling sarcastically and walking away. My Chinese surname had given me enough troubles. I didn't need to exacerbate the problem by revealing my middle name.
My struggle to identify with my Chinese name has persisted for years. Although my middle name is a constant reminder of my heritage, my parents and friends have remarked on occasion that I seem out of touch with Chinese culture.
Sometimes, I find it difficult to argue otherwise. I was born in New York and grew up in Forest Hills, a predominantly Jewish neighborhood where Chinese families used to reside in small numbers. Despite attending Chinese school for much of my childhood, I rarely spoke Cantonese with my parents. Most of my closest friends were Jewish and Hispanic, so I never felt the need to share my Chineseness with them. I was always under the impression that doing so would make me the "other," like the immigrants who failed to assimilate into American society, and who were mocked for doing so.
I'm not wrong to feel that way. Like the jokers at KTVU, insensitive people still use Chinese-sounding names to poke fun at East Asian accents. I have occasionally heard people poke fun at Chinese immigrants and say their names are all "fwied wice," an insulting nod to the Chinese inability to pronounce the letter "r."
While incidents like the KTVU broadcast and popular memes about East Asian accents can feel like a smack across my face, I have slowly learned to dismiss them as petty. My Chinese name is who I am. The stigma that Americans attach to it doesn't define me.
Background: New Mexico was the first state to list post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) as a condition for the use of medical cannabis. There are no published studies, other than case reports, of the effects of cannabis on PTSD symptoms. The purpose of the study was to report and statistically analyze psychometric data on PTSD symptoms collected during 80 psychiatric evaluations of patients applying to the New Mexico Medical Cannabis Program from 2009 to 2011. Methods: The Clinician Administered Posttraumatic Scale for DSM-IV (CAPS) was administered retrospectively and symptom scores were then collected and compared in a retrospective chart review of the first 80 patients evaluated. Results: Greater than 75% reduction in CAPS symptom scores were reported when patients were using cannabis compared to when they were not. Conclusions: Cannabis is associated with reductions in PTSD symptoms in some patients, and prospective, placebo-controlled study is needed to determine efficacy of cannabis and its constituents in treating PTSD.
We take google street in general just for informational purposes, but people do not realize there are hilarious images that were recorded during Google car tour. Maybe you have seen some funny images already but this time we bring you a Google Street View in Slavic style. Images that are funny, bizarre or just plain ridiculous is what we have here, so maybe after this you will go on the street view to find more funny stuff in your neighborhood.
You will find everything there, from ninjas raiding villages to bizarre weddings and just plain funny scenes you would not expect to see, so Slavs have not missed the chance to make Google Street View a better and funnier place as well! Oh yeah, if you have a funny Google Street images leave them in comments!
17# Serbia – This little piggy went to the market
16# Slovenia – fake policeman on duty while real ones rest
15# Croatia – Girls reading carefully and groping
14# Macedonia – WW2 German flags and skinheads streets
13# Russia – Babushka vs Slavette in a street fight
12# Slovakia – too much Borovička or Vodka
11# Czechia – Street ladies patrol
11# Bulgaria – Jacked up owner of little car
10# Bulgaria – taking a dump, literally
9# Croatia – Busted while stealing a car
8# Poland – taking a nap
7# Poland – dogs have to breed too
6# Russia – just a regular night in the hood
5# Russia – just an average businessman
4# Serbia – Fast and furious
3# Slovakia – At least google camera wasn't stolen
2# Slovakia – Apparently there are Ninja villages in Slovakia
1# Ukraine – the traditional Slavic romantic wedding
Have any more? Please share in comments!
This interview contains spoilers for Season 1 of Marvel's The Defenders.
After four years of build-up, The Defenders is finally out in the world, bringing together Daredevil (Charlie Cox), Jessica Jones (Krysten Ritter), Luke Cage (Mike Colter) and Iron Fist (Danny Rand) to face the puppet-masters of Netflix's corner of the Marvel Cinematic Universe: The Hand.
While Sigourney Weaver's scene-stealing villain, Alexandra, met an untimely demise at the hands of Elektra (Elodie Yung) — as did Daredevil's mentor, Stick (Scott Glenn) — the rest of our heroes and their allies made it safely through the team-up, ready to Defend another day.
Mashable spoke to Defenders co-showrunner Marco Ramirez (who is also in charge of Daredevil) to discuss where our four vigilantes go from here — including the chances of more crossovers, now that Matt, Jessica, Luke and Danny are all ostensibly on the same team.
We've been building towards The Defenders since the Netflix deal was announced in 2013. How long had this particular story been planned; did you know what you were working towards way back in Season 1 of Daredevil?
I think, having been there since Season 1 of Daredevil, all I really remember is that there were lots of conversations – still very blue skies – we were all figuring out what Daredevil was, [along with] Jeph Loeb and Marvel TV … every once in a while between Drew Goddard and myself and Steve DeKnight and other people who were around, we would pitch some ideas that were a little big, and Jeph Loeb would, more than once, say, “that's something for The Defenders, that's something we'll push down ‘til later.”
So I think there have been some unlocked doors, some hallways that have gone unexamined along the way … Certainly between Daredevil Season 2 and Iron Fist, Marvel's plan was… they didn't know how it was going to work exactly, but what felt organic to them was The Defenders against The Hand, so that was kind of the marching order and that was honestly it. How we wove all of that in was up to the writers and the directors.
At what point was it decided that Elektra would be the primary antagonist?
Elodie Yung Image: netflix
I think because of Elektra's history in the comics… the Elektra resurrection story was something that Marvel was particularly interested in. I was involved in Daredevil [Season] 1 and Daredevil 2, and at the end of Daredevil 2 it felt like, once we got Elektra into the place we knew we wanted to get her – which was dead [laughs] – it was always thought that she would come back and be part of The Defenders; that she might be something that they face off against.
I remember being on the phone call with Jeph Loeb when he called Elodie Yung to tell her, after she got the script for the finale of Daredevil, he said, “I'm very sorry to announce that Elektra has seen her last day, she's gonna die,” and Elodie was like, “oh, okay.” And then he said, “but don't worry about it, we're bringing you back to life in The Defenders.” And she was like, “Oh, okay… thanks… so what is this phone call?”
I came from another world — I worked on Sons of Anarchy, I worked on Orange is the New Black, I've not worked on many shows where people come back from the dead. Here it's like “I'm very sorry, you're dead,” but Jeph Loeb has this little spiel he gives like, “but it is the Marvel universe and you never know.” [Laughs.]
Did you have many discussions with the other showrunners about their characters, or did you have a pretty good idea of where you wanted to go that wouldn't interfere with their individual arcs in the solo series?
Absolutely, they were lots of conversations, especially at the very early stages. Luke and Jessica, the entire writing team could watch the 13 episodes of each of their shows, so we knew the characters and there was a lot of pitching "this is the kind of journey we want to take Luke on, this is the journey we want to take Jessica on," and a lot of it was very collaborative with Cheo Coker and Mel Rosenberg and her writing staff also.
It felt like, this is the journey we want to take JJ on and then we want to return her onto JJ Season 2 and she's different, of course — she will be changed by the events of The Defenders — but we very much wanted to give back JJ intact and give back Luke intact, so each of the showrunners could take them on their own journeys again and feel like they were going back as their characters, not that we'd changed them fundamentally at all.
So between the showrunners there was a lot of collaboration and on top of that, I'd also add that the actors themselves knew their characters so well. They'd all done at least 13 episodes of their characters – Mike had done even more because he had done Luke on JJ and Charlie Cox had done 26 episodes of Daredevil — so they all know them intimately and they would come and say “this is how Luke would do this; actually I think I would have a more active part in this scene or a more inactive part in this scene.” They were all very selfless and just interested in keeping their characters consistent, so that was a collaboration that was really rare and I highly doubt many people on TV have ever done.
All four of the heroes are involved in the arc of The Defenders, but this is a particularly personal story for Matt, given his relationships with Elektra and Stick and The Hand. How do you think these experiences have changed him going into Daredevil Season 3?
I think, at the end of the day, one of the things that's always been interesting to me is he is the rare character, not only in comics but in television, that openly and actively believes in God. That's really quite unique in the world of heroes, and especially in the world of prestige cable TV — there just aren't many who openly talk about it; there are people who ironically go to church or who ironically talk about that stuff, but he's an absolute believer. Even in his moments of quiet self-doubt, he's a believer. And allegorically from Daredevil Season 1, we talked about the metaphor of Matt Murdock dealing with his persona almost the way that an alcoholic would deal with being an addict, so I think those things get compounded and the pressure of them presses on Matt harder in each season of his story, so at what point is he either gonna completely explode or completely solidify, like the carbon becomes the diamond?
Image: netflix
In Season 1 he's trying to rationalize “I want to be a lawyer, I want to be a best friend to Foggy, I want to do this other thing at night,” and at this point now, he's had so many journeys, with people he loved both romantically and not, I think he's one of the people in the Marvel Universe in general now that the audience has spent the most time with. They've spent the 26 hours, plus the eight of Defenders, so they know his inner psychology. So we're approaching a place where his inner psychology is as important and as iconic as the outer optics of what the suit looks like and what the fights look like, and people are really starting to understand who he is.
Did you ever consider leaving Matt's fate ambiguous in the finale, or did you decide there was no point, since Daredevil was already renewed for Season 3?
Exactly. It felt like we could leave him ambiguous and we could make it unclear and make the audience wonder, “wait, where is Daredevil Season 3?” but it felt like the thing that Marvel and Netflix wanted to do was announce Daredevil Season 3 — as well they should, because they have a great show to announce. So they announced it and then at that point, it felt like, we're not gonna try and fake out the audience and tell them “he's dead but not really!”
And we thought a long time about that: if we told the audience he was alive, how were we gonna do it? There were a couple of different versions of it that we kept spitballing around but then to me, it just felt like the best thing to do was pull a panel straight from the “Born Again” comic and just have the shot of him in the bed. If you're a comic book fan or a Daredevil fan, you'll get what homage we're making, and if you're not, it's still just an arresting, beautiful image of this guy completely beaten to shit being surrounded by nuns. Once we decided that's how we want to end Matt, Marvel and Netflix were completely on board and they were wonderful about it.
Daredevil fans know how significant the name Maggie is, and the homage in the final scene is definitely recognizable for comic readers. Are you drawing inspiration solely from the "Born Again" arc for Daredevil Season 3, or is it a mix of other runs?
I cannot answer that question without being killed by Marvel TV. [Laughs.]
While Matt, Jessica and Luke are very grounded, blue-collar characters, Danny is the most heightened and the most privileged – what was your way into that character from a writing standpoint in The Defenders, in terms of how he moves through the world and how the others respond to him?
We feel the same, Jessica. Image: netflix
Once we sat down and looked at all the shows and how different all of the tones were in each, the way that organically felt right to me was to not try to tweak Danny and pull him back and make him more of a crime story guy, or tweak JJ and Luke and make it like, “actually, their mythology would've always been okay with dragons," which was completely not true.
The way to do it was, everyone had stakes on the ground and they were who they were, and as opposed from trying to slightly calibrate it so that maybe we pretended we never talked about dragons, or maybe we make it so Luke believes in dragons, it felt like [we should keep] it is really honest and making them have those reactions and letting the collision of instruments and sounds really become a part of the show.
People always want to talk about fight scenes in almost every interview I do, and all I want to tell them is the best fight scenes on this show in some ways are just between Jessica and Danny, just her making fun of his powers — that's some of the fun of this show. Instead of leaning away from it, I think we really just leaned into it
Aside from Luke being introduced in Jessica Jones, the four characters have stayed out of each other's shows up until now. Do you feel like The Defenders has broken down those barriers and we might see more crossovers going forward?
I think in general, one of the things Marvel TV would tell you is that now that they've all met, now that they've all crossed paths... now that we've officially shown the audience how the worlds of all four characters are connected, anything and everything is possible. That even goes a step further into Karen Page showing up on The Punisher's show – it feels like anything is possible.
The Defenders are now streaming on Netflix.
Campaigning with over 10,000 supporters in Daytona Beach Florida, candidate Donald Trump continues to use a very effective insurgent approach to broaden the base of support.
In contrast Hillary Clinton is alone in Colorado complaining about Donald Trump neck ties. No seriously, you can't make this stuff up folks…. you just can't.
Many people are missing the logistics to the Trump-Pence campaign. In essence Donald Trump and Mike Pence are shadowing the exact same campaign locations of Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine.
However, where Clinton-Kaine draw crowds of “dozens”, perhaps “hundreds”, Trump and Pence are drawing crowds of multiple thousands.
But this is only one part of the campaign reality hidden by a water-carrying Clinton media machine.
The energy, enthusiasm and voter support is with the authenticity of the Trump-Pence campaign ticket. This clear and visible reality carries far more weight than any manipulative media polling can convey, and as such it must be kept from the discussion.
The Trump campaign is atypical; it is an insurgency. The traditional political media are having a difficult time even wrapping their arms around the approach being utilized by Donald Trump because it doesn't fit the customary norms, the pert box or their frames of reference.
The same problem exists within traditional political followers who continually forget to reset their linear thinking and look at the changed dynamics of the Trump insurgency. Traditional party affiliations are not the focus of candidate Donald Trump's efforts, they matter not.
Donald Trump is focused on America's best interests first and foremost. As such the traditional Democrat / Republican paradigm just doesn't work. There are usurping agents within both parties who do not put America's interests first. Trump will not support any candidate, regardless of affiliation, who does not meet that basic tenet, “America First”. Again, for visual reference:
Being attacked by those who identify party first (many globalists), and Wall Street's interests over Main street, is not adverse to Trump's insurgent approach. Factually the opposite is accurate, it actually helps Donald Trump.
The media is transparently in opposition to the anti-Hillary candidate. The media has lost all pretense of trying to hide their bias. This too is part of Trump's larger strategy. By positioning his campaign as visibly antagonistic to the media he baits them into ridiculously over-the-top attacks.
Some in the media have noticed the trap Trump is laying in front of them and have begun to tell their colleagues to back off. –SEE HERE– However, so far -thankfully- the alarm bells are falling on deaf ears and the media continues the onslaught.
In essence the media is so rabid with their piranha approach they are not paying attention to their geography. Trump is dragging the bloody meat into an entirely new landscape, that's unfamiliar to the frenzied media fish. By the time they recognize the absence of water, it will be too late…. they will have removed the last vestiges of their own credibility.
[…] Poll shows that journalism is one of the least respected professions in the country, and with Trump calling out media organizations for their bias, widespread slanted reporting is bound to reinforce this point — and to backfire. Trump's campaign is throwing down the gauntlet to the political class. If journalists are seen as the mouthpiece of that class, they may soon find themselves covering Trump's inauguration. (link)
Meanwhile the DC professional political class, the UniParty, are in a similar position, to the media. The atypical campaign approach has left them thunder-struck and trying desperately to figure out a way to remove the risk.
Candidate Trump continues to fully expose the UniParty for what it is, corrupt.
Traditional party affiliations are being dispatched as the UniParty membership rush to protect their influence and affluence. Within this intense anti-Trump dynamic exists the heart of the problem within Washington DC. Politicians who do not hold America-First principles as the core of their political ideology.
However, the broader U.S. electorate has been engaged and aware of the corruption for a long time, they just couldn't put a finger directly on the cause. Donald Trump is exposing the root issue that lies at the center of the problem.
Trump is exposing the origin of the DC corruption and simultaneously quenching the thirst of the electorate who have yearned for the truth. This simple understanding is at the very core of the inability of his detractors, political and media, to have any success trying to diminish him.
Donald Trump is America's candidate.
Advertisements
Fire breaks out in DPRK side of demilitarized zone
Fire broke out on Monday in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) side of the demilitarized zone, spreading to the South Korean side, Yonhap News Agency and YTN reported.
The fire, which started from the DPRK side near the Military Demarcation Line, spread to the South Korean side in front of the Dora Observatory, which is located on top of Mount Dora.
The observatory is South Korea's northernmost point in the western front, near which the inter-Korean transit office is situated for customs, immigration and quarantine (CIQ) for South Korean workers traveling to and from the inter-Korean factory park in the DPRK's border city of Kaesong.
The fire spread to the South Korean side at about 1:15 pm local time. Going to and returning from the Kaesong industrial complex was banned from 2 pm.
Firefighting and military authorities were quoted as saying that border areas near the site were full of gray smoke and the fire spread south rapidly due to strong wind.
Seven fire engines and about 50 firefighters and soldiers were dispatched to the scene to stop the flames from spreading further. The military plans to send three firefighting helicopters to the site after receiving approval from the DPRK.
The YouTube/Viacom $1 billion copyright infringement lawsuit has been bumping along for so long now that many consumers probably suspect the whole thing is about to wrap up. Not so; in fact, the case is only just beginning. On Friday, YouTube at last submitted its reply to Viacom's complaint, and while 90 percent of the document consists of the words "Defendants deny the allegations of paragraph xx," the introduction is a hot one. In it, YouTube claims that its service is exactly what Congress intended to shield when it passed the Digital Millennium Copyright Act in 1998, and it goes on to charge that Viacom's lawsuit "threatens the way hundreds of millions of people legitimately exchange information, news, entertainment, and political and artistic expression."
Viacom charges that YouTube profited for years (before being acquired by Google) from hosting large amounts of its content on the service. The Daily Show and The Colbert Report used to be YouTube staples, and even though the site has taken down specific clips when notified by the copyright holder, Viacom sees a willful pattern of making money and growing the site on the back of its content.
YouTube has always argued that the DMCA's "safe harbor" provisions protect it from this sort of lawsuit. Those rules enable various "service providers" to avoid liability in copyright cases so long as they respond properly to DMCA takedown notices. In the new filing, YouTube goes a bit further with this rhetoric. Not only is it protected by the safe harbor rules, but it is exactly the type of service that Congress meant to cover. "YouTube fulfills Congress's vision for the DMCA," says the filing.
For those used to thinking of the DMCA only as the source of overly-aggressive DRM anticircumvention rules, it might come as a surprise to find YouTube claiming that "there is not a question that Congress made the correct policy choice" with the DMCA. The safe harbors in that law and in the Communications Decency Act have likely prevented thousands of costly and damaging copyright and libel lawsuits against network operators, and have functioned as a spur to innovation.
What's interesting about this particular case is that we have a large copyright owner (Viacom) seeking to attack a broad reading of the DMCA, at least in this particular area, while the opposite is usually true. In our own conversations with Viacom execs, they have repeatedly made clear that YouTube, in their view, does not actually qualify as a DMCA "service provider" and is not entitled to safe harbor protection.
YouTube says that such a claim threatens to undermine the best part of the DMCA by chipping away at the certainty companies like YouTube have had so far had when posting user content. Because the lawsuit seeks "to make carriers and hosting providers liable for Internet communications," YouTube charges that Viacom could affect the way that millions of people communicate online.
If sites like YouTube or even Ars Technica—which allows "user-generated content" in the form of forum posts—can face liability for copyright infringement in user-provided material, such services could go out of business or might implement so many restrictions they are no longer be useful.
This is certainly an extreme scenario, and one that YouTube is trotting out in defense of its own position, but it does raise awareness of the importance of safe harbor rules in a general sense. At the end of the complaint, YouTube announces the twelve defenses it plans to use in the case, and they include (not surprisingly) a DMCA safe harbor claim, a fair use claim, and a claim of copyright misuse on the part of Viacom.
Given the ridiculously high stakes in the case, one might expect the parties to simply settle and move on, but in this case both sides appear ready to fight to the bitter end. While Viacom cannot seek punitive damages in the case, it remains intent on collecting huge statutory damages that don't require it to show any actual losses.
We've already outlined some of the ways that Viacom can work to fight piracy of its content, and it's doing a solid job by putting all past Daily Show content online with easy streaming and searching, for instance. But even as it moves quickly into the brave new streaming future, Viacom would like to deal a smackdown to the upstart copyright philistines over at YouTube... and picking up one beeeeeellliion dollars can't hurt, either.
Further reading:
Dear Sir or Madam,
Hello. My name is Katelyn Caudle. I'm a 27 year old college graduate. I attended a very well respected public university. I received a degree from an excellent program, and passed my required certification exams for my field of work with flying colors. I have a more than full time job that I love doing; this job satisfies my soul. I also, like many in my profession, work a second and sometimes third job just to keep the lights on, and food on the table.
You may have guessed by now what it is that I do for a living. I am a teacher. I work in an incredible school, in an outstanding district. My students are the most important thing in my life. I know which students live in poverty. I know which students are tired in class, because they work until after midnight to help out a single mother. I know which students just need one adult to treat them with respect. I know which kids have never felt appreciated in their entire lives. The world doesn't give all of my kids a fair chance, but public education should.
My students are the future of our great state. They are our future doctors, attorneys, police officers, teachers, mechanics, businessmen, artists, firefighters, and even politicians. Someday very soon, they will vote. I do my damnedest every day to give them a good enough education, so that when this day arrives, they will know how important their vote is.
I do my best to show them their worth. I work my tail off to help them see their value, because you clearly do not, and you get to decide how much funding my school receives.
You, who have never taught a day in your life…you, who when you retire, will live very comfortably on a nice fat pension check… you, who have no idea the wars we battle every day in public education. You not only get to decide how much I make, but also, how much money we are allowed to spend on education to the masses.
I am very fortunate that I work in a district, and for a principal, who does their best every single day to help us not feel your prior cuts as deeply as we could. But you are now tying their hands as well.
I am worth more.
I am worth more that what you are giving me. I bust my ass every day to be the best teacher I can be for these kids. My parents didn't pay for my college, so I'm paying off student loans every month. I am single; I don't have dual income to help with living expenses. You have decided that because I chose this profession, I get to live with the salary. Well, you are wrong on both counts. See, I believe that no one “chooses to be a teacher.” Teachers are born to be teachers. We are created from the heart outwards. And, I do not have to put up with the humiliating pay check. My time, my brain, my heart, and my will for student success (and that of my colleagues) is worth more, and is respected more in just about any other state.
Don't tell me there isn't any money to dish out, because we both know that's a lie. Your pension check, for example, will probably be around $160,000 a year, unless of course your name is Mary Fallin, in which case you will bank $175,000 a year. After taxes, I bring home about $22,000 per year. Please tell me how this is ok.
Yesterday you came up with another budget cut for our schools, one that we will start to feel this year. I need to tell you about my kids, the ones you are hurting. You have decided to take away money from lunch programs. Are you aware that for a lot of Oklahoma kids, the hot lunch they eat at school is their only hot meal, if not their only meal, of the day? You have completely cut STEM funding. Let me repeat that. YOU HAVE COMPLETELY CUT STEM FUNDING. When we have no Oklahoma students pursuing careers in science, technology, engineering, or math, I will gladly direct all blame to you. You have cut budgets for advanced placement training for teachers. Now, our high achieving, college bound students will be impacted.
You break my heart 128 times every day. Every time I see one of my kids denied something by you, my heart breaks. The irony here is that you are denying them something that you were allowed to take advantage of, and has no doubt helped you achieve the position you are in today. As American citizens, we all have a right to a good, free, public education. Public education needs funds in order to continue to be good. We are growing by thousands of kids each year in Oklahoma Public Ed, but we are continuing to see the funds for these students cut.
Sir Thomas More wrote, “For if you suffer your people to be ill-educated, and their manners to be corrupted from their infancy, and then punish them for those crimes to which their first education disposed them, what else is to be concluded from this, but that you first make thieves and then punish them.” I fear for the society we are creating for ourselves. I fear a society where students are given an extremely watered down education, but still held to incredibly high standards. Their reactions are something to be considerate of. This is a generation of kids that have embraced the mob mentality, especially when social media is concerned.
I do not know the solution to this problem, but I do know that this problem warrants a solution. Find the solution, before it is too late.
What you are doing is not ok. I am worth more. My colleagues are worth more. My kids are worth more.
Sincerely,
Katelyn Caudle
“Ms. C”
The Department of Defense has involved themselves with the production of Hollywood films since shortly after World War Two. But to what extent has largely been unknown until Spy Culture's author requested a list under the Freedom of Information Act. To their surprise, the DOD responded with a list, though suspected of being incomplete.
That was in early 2014. Now, more reports have been released on the extent of DOD and Pentagon involvement with the entertainment industry. The heavily redacted document continually mentions the word “support” when mentioning their involvement in Paramount movies, CBS, HBO, Nickelodeon, documentaries including those about Ebola and “Star Wars technology”, and even the Tyra Banks Show.
The 2004-2005 206-page document and the 410 page document listing involvement in 2005-2006, focus solely on entertainment, “support,” and advising.
The PDF list received by Spy Culture include some of our better known movie titles: Iron Man; Clear and Present Danger; The Day the Earth Stood Still; Transformers; Karate Kid II; and the famous Tora! Tora! Tora!
The lengths of the strongly “suggested” changes through the DOD “support,” however unknown to their fullest extent, are rumored to be an exchange for some directors seeking cheap location shots, use of vehicles and gear needed to produce their films. According to The Mirror, the Pentagon was reported to have censored movie bosses.
Dr Matthew Alford from Bath University said: “It is shocking that the Pentagon is poking its nose into a mind-boggling range of TV shows. Many have nothing to do with the military,' he said of the Hollywood based DOD. “It is alarming that the Pentagon keeps secret the changes it makes, leaving it open to accusations that it's waging a pernicious PR campaign to recruit TV-addict kids and rewrite history.”
Other entertainment requests to the DOD included:
MasterChef's Gordon Ramsay having to request permission to feature an army cook to cook a welcome home meal for troops;
American Idol having to get permission on a yearly basis because it featured a contestant from the armed forces in 2010.
According to reports by the Mirror, “Military chiefs at the Pentagon are gagging Hollywood when its science ­fiction blockbusters get uncomfortably close to the bone…Directors are being forced to re-write scripts by the United States Department of Defense if the content is deemed ­inappropriate – and the big screen hits affected include Iron Man, Terminator Salvation, Transformers, King Kong and Superman: Man of Steel.”
Even a Top Gun sequel was halted by the US military in fear that the original fostered the sex abuse culture in the US Navy.
This Article (Pentagon censors Hollywood; Too Close to the Truth) is a free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author AnonWatcher and AnonHQ.com.
Andy Burnham has said that he does not currently “see the urgency” for a vote on UK military involvement in Syria. In an interview with the Huffington Post, Burnham says that ‘big tests' must be met before he would support invention in the country's civil war, and warns Cameron that he should not attempt to “bounce” Labour into backing the move by calling a vote in the Commons just days after the new leader is elected.
Outlining legality as a big obstacle, the Labour leadership candidate said:
“The tests are quite big. There's a very large one about legality first, because it's not like the 2013 situation. This isn't an invitation by a democratic government to come in, is it? I'm struggling with that myself.
“I think the legality is quite a big one given Labour's past, Chilcot. That is something that can't be glossed over and shouldn't be.”
There have been rumours that Cameron will recall Parliament over the summer recess to hold a Commons vote on supporting strikes on ISIS in Syria. Government plans to attack President Assad's forces failed in 2013 after opposition from Labour, but there was cross-party support for airstrikes on ISIS in Iraq a year later.
Burnham said the key to coming to an agreement on this issue was to treat his Parliamentary Opposition with respect:
“The message I would just send back to Cameron at this stage is: treat us with respect because it's not about the Labour party. The Opposition is the country in this, we've got to test what they are saying on behalf of the country.
“And if they try and bounce the Opposition into this they are not treating the country with respect. We had a swirl of gossip, Parliament was going to be recalled and then we hear the first week when the new Labour leader is elected, it's going to be right back [in the Commons]. Personally, that would be disrespectful to the country.”
He also said that he was taking advice from former paratrooper Dan Jarvis on the matter, but said people expect Labour to “learn the lessons” of previous military interventions, and admitted could see the “urgency” in this case:
“I don't see the urgency myself. I don't see the urgency at the moment unless they can convince me why it has to be that week in September. I'm getting excellent advice from Dan [Jarvis MP].
“And it's advice that is this: we are not scarred so much that we won't say Labour should play its part where it's justified, but I think people would expect me to learn the lessons of the last decade and proceed with caution and that's what I will do.”
Greetings, everyone!
Bayohne here, reading over dispatches from Project Manager M directly from the field on the next leg of the Stormblood media tour!
With the San Francisco event in the books, Yoshida, Foxclon, Aimi, and Project Manager M headed to Hamburg, Germany for the European leg of the tour!
M told me it was sunny and "very green" there (a stark difference to our overcast San Francisco adventure!).
The European media tour was held in this very Doma-like location!
Here's the setting of the most recent Letter from the Producer LIVE! With as much as Yoshida had to convey, I'm sure it was really tough on our translator, Aimi (pictured left). I bet players around the globe would like to say thank you for all your hard work, Aimi!
Once again, Yoshida started each morning with a presentation.
After that, the media could go hands-on with the game and play to their hearts' content (within the tour areas)!
Interviews with Yoshida were also peppered throughout the event as well, just like in San Francisco. The samurai outfit that made its debut at the Frankfurt Fan Festival is also on display.
Since the event lasted so long, we had a few other activities for media to do if they wanted to take a break. For instance, they could practice Japanese calligraphy.
Here you see Foxclon writing "Morbol" in Japanese and trying to look cool. (He looks very proud of his work!)
They could also enjoy some tea together.
Or they could challenge "Carbuncle Origami (Savage)"! (It wasn't meant to be "Savage" but it seems that's the feedback we received the most...)
That's a wrap on two weeks of the Stormblood global media tour!
We hope you're looking forward to the articles from the media!
- Bayohne
Community Team
From the first homework in elementary school to the last assignment in high school or college, the usual questions have always arisen in your mind: there exist a place where my motivation and my concentration while studying will not decrease? There is something I can do to find a better place to study or to set up the one I already use for me to be more productive?
The answer is: YES.
There exists that place, and it's up to you to find it basing on your needs; a beautiful and precise place where your concentration is entirely centered on what you are studying.
That place where you are finally at ease with yourself while studying.
I noticed that my friends, and my university colleagues, have so many different habits and preferences in their style of studying. This made me start writing about how to choose a good study environment.
It simply makes no sense to talk about the favorable environment because there is not a unique solution. Some of my friends and classmates study better when it's quiet, some other study better when they are in public because they see other people studying, or they study better while listening to music, or in clean and minimalistic environment.
What I am saying is that, even if my preference is to study alone without music in a clean environment, the same may not be applied to your preferences. A good study environment is a highly personal matter.
So, in this article, you will learn what to consider when choosing the right environment for studying in a proper way.
Pay attention to your senses
Paying attention to your senses is really important. A lack of concentration arises when one of your senses perceive something that distracts you. So, let's examine what you should avoid following these questions:
Taste: if you get easily distracted by food, try to avoid places that are nearby some sort of burger or sandwich bar, or try to avoid to study in a room that is near your kitchen in your house. If you think that food could be a problem, try to avoid places that can make you hungry, and then distracted.
Smell: if you get easily distracted because you get bothered when smelling odors, try to avoid places that are full of people. Try to attend libraries where there are few people.
Hearing: ask yourself whether you prefer a silent environment or a moderate noisy environment. As a general rule: the more silent the better, but it is ok if you are comfortable with little noise or with music.
Touch: Try to avoid uncomfortable environment. Try to find a place with comfortable chairs and a good desk to avoid muscular problems, and an easy-to-use computer station.
Sight: You may want to look for an environment where an adequate level of luminosity is present. Avoid those places where brightness is reduced because they definitely contribute in eyestrain and headache.
Evaluate the weight of the subject to study
Choosing the perfect environment depends on the importance and the weight of the task. If you have to apply carefully on an heavy-memory duty, you may prefer to be alone and avoid all the distractions. Instead, if you need to work on a project where several points of views are required, you may want to contact your colleagues or classmates to work together for accomplishing the task as soon as possible, and in the best way.
Evaluate the resources you need for studying
Resources are another important factor upon the ones that make you decide which study environment to choose. Before you understand which resources may be useful for accomplishing your task, you have to plan what to cover in the subjects that you will study. After planning, decide if you need to go to the library to consult some books or if you may want to call a classmate because you believe that your work together will benefit both of you.
Conclusion
In conclusion, you have to remember that finding a good studying environment depends upon your direct experience, before everything else.
Try to understand which environment is suitable for your needs, and try to test the limits of your concentration. Follow your senses to know which situation you should avoid and which one you should prefer, judge the consistency of your task to choose whether to study alone or with your colleagues, and finally evaluate the resources you need to go to a place where those resources are available.
Share in the comments some of your thoughts and considerations about your choices regarding the right study environment.
-----
The Chinese military has deployed new fighter jets to a contested island in the South China Sea and bolstered their advanced surface-to-air missile system on the island, new satellite imagery provided exclusively to Fox News shows. The move is expected to escalate tensions in the region days before Defense Secretary Ash Carter visits the Philippines, where China's recent provocative actions in the region are expected to be a point of discussion.
Satellite imagery from ImageSat International (ISI) taken on April 7 and authenticated by U.S. defense officials Tuesday show two Chinese Shenyang J-11 fighter jets on Woody Island. The Chinese J-11s, known as “Flankers” by the Pentagon first entered service in 1998. They are a modified version of the Russian Sukhoi Su-27, comparable to a U.S. Air Force F-15 or Navy F/A-18 Hornet.
Woody Island is the largest island in the Paracel chain of islands in the South China Sea. The Chinese installed a runway there in the early 1990s. It lies 250 miles southeast of a major Chinese submarine base on Hainan Island. China has claimed Woody Island since the 1950s, but it is also contested by Taiwan and Vietnam.
The concern among senior officials in Washington is that China will eventually control the South China Sea if its militarization continues unchecked. An estimated $5 trillion in cargo and natural resources pass through these coveted sea lanes each year.
The satellite photos also show a newly installed fire control radar system on Woody Island, which makes China's surface-to-air missile launchers first deployed in February fully operational. The U.S. military is concerned the new radar allows China to track U.S. fighter jets, bombers and intelligence gathering aircraft keeping an eye on the Chinese military. The photos from ImageSat International show four of the eight surface-to-air missiles ready to fire on the eastern side of Woody Island.
The Chinese HQ-9 radar system, which closely resembles Russia's S-300 missile system, has a range of 125 miles and can pose a threat to civilian airliners in addition to U.S. military aircraft. Fox News first reported the deployment of the missile system in late February while President Obama was hosting 10 Southeast Asian leaders in Palm Springs.
In a separate disputed island chain, located 200 miles from Manila, U.S. defense officials are also tracking a number of Chinese ships near Scarborough Shoal. Defense Secretary Ash Carter is headed to the Philippines later this week to talk about regional threats. He also will finalize a deal allowing the U.S. military to be stationed there for the first time since the closing of the Subic Bay naval base in 1992.
There were discussions that Carter would visit China on his current trip to Asia, but the visit was postponed amidst rising regional tensions. In February on a visit to Washington, China's foreign minister expressed interest in visiting the Pentagon, but a “scheduling conflict” prevented the visit from happening according to Pentagon Press Secretary Peter Cook.
China has deployed J-11s to Woody Island on separate occasions recently. Fox News reported one deployment in late February, when Secretary of State John Kerry was hosting his Chinese counterpart in Washington. In November, Chinese state-run media showed photos of J-11s on Woody Island as well.
Chinese President Xi Jinping pledged not to militarize the South China Sea when he visited the White House in September. China's foreign minister, in a February press conference with Secretary Kerry, asked that the U.S. military end what the Pentagon calls “freedom of navigation operations” conducted by U.S. Navy warships and military aircraft, bringing them within 12 miles of the South China Sea islands in question.
"We don't hope to see any more close-up military reconnaissance or the dispatch of missile destroyers or strategic bombers to the South China Sea," Foreign Minister Wang Yi said at the State Department.
"It is important for all of the nations – China, Philippines, Vietnam, others – not to engage in any unilateral steps of reclamation, of building, of militarization. And the fact is that there have been steps by China, by Vietnam, by others that have unfortunately created an escalatory cycle," Kerry said in late February.
"We take the [Chinese] foreign minister at his word today that he wants to see this resolved through dialogue," Kerry added.
In late January, a U.S. Navy guided-missile destroyer passed by Triton Island in the Paracel Islands, the same island chain where Woody Island is located. There is an open window for the U.S. Navy to conduct another freedom of navigation operation in the next “few weeks,” one defense official tells Fox News, but a final decision has not been made. Defense Secretary Ash Carter has repeatedly stated U.S. military freedom of navigation operations would continue in the South China Sea.
President Obama met with Chinese President Xi on the sidelines of the 50-nation nuclear summit in Washington on the last day of March. In a statement provided by the White House, President Obama “urged China to address differences with its neighbors on maritime issues peacefully.”
In the last two years, China has created 3,000 acres of artificial islands atop reefs hundreds of miles south of Woody Island in the Spratly chain of islands. One runway was tested in January, when two commercial airliners landed at Fiery Cross Reef.
After the deployment of fighter jets to Woody Island, defense officials are concerned the Chinese might send them south to the Spratly Islands next.
In February, the head of the U.S. military's Pacific Command said China is “clearly militarizing” the South China Sea, in testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee.
"You'd have to believe in a flat Earth to believe otherwise," Admiral Harry Harris told lawmakers.
Yonat Friling is a producer in the Middle East Bureau for Fox News Channel. You can follow her on Twitter: @Foxyonat
The argument offered in defense of media's pearly whiteness — the one that goes, "Well, maybe the white guy was just the better actor, ever consider that?" — is frustrating, because there are innumerable talented actors, producers, writers and authors of other races, other genders.
It's just that they're whitewashed out of the picture.
Eleven-year-old Marley Dias learned this in school, and failing to find any relatable protagonists in the books she was assigned, decided to do something about it. As part of her #1000BlackGirlBooks project, she collects "books where black girls [are] the main character," she told actress and activist Sophia Bush during an on-stage interview at Tuesday's United State of Women summit in Washington, D.C., proving that an abundance of such stories exists, and what's more, that they're worthwhile.
"I think it's important to have someone who looks like you because when you have someone you share a very common trait with, such as race and gender in this case, you would see all these things that they're learning and then you take that back with you to improve your lifestyle," Dias said.
The 11 year old girls are killing it today @ #StateOfWomen Summit! Marley Dias, founder of #1000blackgirlbookspic.twitter.com/prrLMBIOwi
When you see yourself in a hero, Dias explained, you might internalize lessons more easily and be quicker to benefit from them. Readers need role models they can see themselves in, in order to engage, be inspired and simply enjoy reading.
Dias has so far collected more than 7,000 books, she said, and now gives them away to kids across the country. Now, she's on a literacy tour to six cities, bringing better books to more communities. "Because if we want equity," as Dias explained, "we need diversity."
It is Earth Day, the day where Americans—do what, exactly? If we follow the exhortations of the media, we'll take a minute to consider the impact we have on the planet. We'll "celebrate" it. We'll remember to recycle. We'll watch green-themed TV ads and Google Doodles. If we are exceptionally proactive, we will attend an Earth Day volunteer event.
These are all nice things, and while it suffers criticisms that it has become a nebulous and highly Hallmarked consumerist panacea, Earth Day continues to offer a visible platform for communicating conservationist ideas and to serve as a useful organizing tool for environmentalists. But, like many other 'holidays' we have institutionalized and perfunctorily observe, we have pretty successfully scrubbed it of its impressive and provocative radical origins.
The first Earth Day, in 1970, of course, had nothing to do with remembering to turn the lights off when you leave a room. It was about mobilizing a massive, popular demonstration to enact sweeping institutional reforms—to curb pollution spewed freely by corporations and enact environmental protections on a federal level. The protests and teach-ins that sprung up across the nation dwarfed Occupy and Tea Party protests, combined. Easily.
The Earth Day Network elaborates on its history:
... on the 22nd of April, 20 million Americans took to the streets, parks, and auditoriums to demonstrate for a healthy, sustainable environment in massive coast-to-coast rallies. Thousands of colleges and universities organized protests against the deterioration of the environment. Groups that had been fighting against oil spills, polluting factories and power plants, raw sewage, toxic dumps, pesticides, freeways, the loss of wilderness, and the extinction of wildlife suddenly realized they shared common values.
Earth Day 1970 achieved a rare political alignment, enlisting support from Republicans and Democrats, rich and poor, city slickers and farmers, tycoons and labor leaders. The first Earth Day led to the creation of the United States Environmental Protection Agency and the passage of the Clean Air, Clean Water, and Endangered Species Acts. "It was a gamble," [US Senator Gaylord Nelson] recalled, "but it worked."
This kind of political event—at once radical, bipartisan, peaceful, and huge—is simply unimaginable today. To further emphasize its import, remember that there were 100 million fewer people in the US in 1970, which means an estimated one-tenth of the nation participated.
The unfortunate truth is that now, as we face an even greater spate of threats to the environment, some of them downright existential—climate change, species loss, water and resource shortages, and so on—there's no true Earth Day in sight.
Tracing Where Salmon Were Born And Bred
Inspecting a bone from a salmon's ear can reveal where it has lived.
Peter Gwynne, Contributor
(Inside Science) -- An intrepid kayaker has combined with a laboratory team carrying out high-technology chemical analysis in a project that could help locate critical habitats for salmon and other fish threatened by climate change, industrial development, overfishing, and other disturbances.
The project used the chemical makeup of bone-like structures in the ears of 255 Chinook salmon to identify the specific waterways emptying into Bristol Bay, Alaska, in which individual fish were born and bred and migrated.
The chemical information comes from the metal strontium. In salmon bones, strontium exists in two particular forms, or isotopes, characterized by the numbers of particles in each atom's nucleus.
The research team measured the ratios of strontium-86 to strontium-87 in structures in salmon ears called otoliths.
These lozenge-shaped features consist of ultrathin layers laid down each day, like tree rings, as the salmon grow. When each layer forms, it possesses the same ratio of the two strontium isotopes as the water in which it swims at the time.
Interpretation of the chemical signals from the otolith layers indicated where each salmon had hatched and where it had swum after hatching, in seven different sets of streams in the watershed of western Alaska's third largest river, the Nushagak.
The watershed, roughly the size of Massachusetts, is home to one of the world's largest runs of Chinook salmon. About 200,000 Chinook swim upriver from the Pacific Ocean each summer to spawn in the Nushagak's upper tributaries and streams.
But in the past decade, Alaska's Chinook salmon population has fallen dramatically. The new study, headed by Sean Brennan, a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Washington, in Seattle, can help to understand and perhaps reverse the decline.
Previous projects of this type have focused on small numbers of salmon.
"What's really new is the sheer number of samples that have been processed," said Thure Cerling, a geochemist at the University of Utah, in Salt Lake City, who participated in the study. "That allows us to think about population scale rather than individual scale."
The information "could be useful for protecting fish and understanding how many salmon we can take from nature," said geochemist Diego Fernandez, also at the University of Utah.
Fernandez measured the strontium ratios that revealed the salmons' origins.
"The study makes connections between the fish migration and the geology of the spawning ground," said Bernhard Peucker-Ehrenbrink, a senior scientist at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Woods Hole, Massachusetts, who did not participate in the research.
"The level of detail is pretty impressive," he added. "The study makes a great case for how this method can be applied."
The research was reported today in Science Advances, and was the third in a series of studies focused on Chinook salmon's origins.
As part of his Ph.D. project at the University of Alaska Fairbanks, Brennan spent three years surveying the Nushagak watershed for evidence of strontium isotope ratios in its various streams and tributaries.
Since the area has no roads, Brennan recalled, "We would generally fly into the headwaters with inflatable kayaks and spend a week and a half there. Then we would get a person from the local village to meet us and take samples in a skiff."
Next, the team needed to check that strontium isotope ratios in fishes' otoliths accurately reflect those in the waters where the fish swim. They did that by measuring the ratios in slimy sculpin. This fish doesn't travel more than 50 yards from its home waters throughout its lifetime. Investigation showed that the sculpins' ratios were always the same as those in the water around them.
The research reported today built on that finding. It used the strontium ratios to determine the swimming history of Chinook salmon caught in Bristol Bay, on the way back to their home waters in 2011.
To measure the ratios, the team applied a technology known as plasma mass spectrometry.
They cut each otolith lengthwise, and used a laser to zap each layer. The process removed tiny particles that then traveled into a plasma -- a very hot flame -- that separated the strontium isotopes and permitted measurement of their relative quantities.
"This laser ablation allows you to follow the life history of a salmon from the moment it was born to the moment it reached the ocean," Fernandez said.
The study revealed four distinct life histories for the Chinook salmon. While almost three-quarters stayed in the waters where they hatched before swimming downstream to the ocean, the rest had more complex young lives.
About 17 percent of the Chinooks mostly stayed where they hatched, but also made short forays downriver just before they set off for the ocean. Seven percent swam to a different stream from the one in which they hatched and stayed there before setting out to sea. And four percent both left their birthplaces for another stream and took short downriver journeys before leaving for the ocean.
"This is one of the prime salmon fisheries in the world," Cerling said. "So it's critical that we understand all the aspects of the salmon runs to manage their resources in the right way."
The technology has potential application beyond salmon and even fish. "The cool thing about the strontium isotope ratio," Brennan said, "is that it works regardless of species."
House Republicans appear poised to let government operations begin shutting down. GOP's 'touch-the-stove' moment
For the House GOP leadership, this has become known as the “touch-the-stove moment.”
After nearly three years of narrowly avoiding government shutdowns, debt defaults and other fiscal follies, House Republicans appear poised to finally grasp the hot stove-top and allow federal government operations to begin shutting down early Tuesday morning.
Story Continued Below
It would be the first shutdown since 1996. Tens of thousands of “non-essential” federal workers will immediately be placed on furloughs. National parks will close, passport applications will be delayed, toxic waste sites won't get cleaned and there may be difficulties processing some government benefits.
( Also on POLITICO: House delays Obamacare as shutdown nears)
Yet U.S. troops will remain at their posts, mail will still get delivered, and federal agencies will open for business on Tuesday, staffed with fewer personnel than usual.
For Speaker John Boehner (Ohio) and 232 House Republicans, the big problem — and big risk — is how a shutdown would be received by the American public and media. If the preponderance of public polling is accurate and House Republicans shoulder the blame for a government closure, they could end up jeopardizing their majority to pick a fight they are destined to lose. While Republicans publicly say that Obamacare should be delayed and defunded, many privately concede this argument was resolved when President Barack Obama trounced Mitt Romney in 2012.
Republicans are making the bet that their constituents hate Obamacare so much they'll swallow a government shutdown.
( WATCH: Mitt Romney thinks there's a better way to stop Obamacare)
The threat of a shutdown is proving somewhat cathartic for conservative Republicans, many of whom were elected in 2010, promising to do everything they can to kill off Obama's health care law.
Republicans feel comfortable with the possible political repercussions of shutting down the government. They believe that their effort to delay or defund Obamacare is vital for the economy and personal freedom, and worth risking their House seats over.
“I might be the wrong person to ask on this, because I'm pretty unique in this,” said Rep. Tom Graves (R-Ga.), who led the push to defund the law as part of a short-term government-funding bill. “I'm not concerned about personal impact, I'm more concerned about personal real impact of my constituents and this law. I made a commitment in August I would do everything I could to protect them from it.”
( Government shutdown full coverage)
Graves added: “And that if that has political consequences, then so be it, For me, individually. But I'm going to everything I can for them and that's probably a unique dynamic here, that maybe [Senate Majority Leader] Harry Reid is underestimating — the resolve of our conference.”
That's the feeling throughout a broad swath of the House Republican Conference as they voted Saturday night to keep the federal government open until Dec. 15, while delaying the Affordable Care Act and repealing a medical device tax that helped fund the law.
House Republicans also passed a separate bill to keep U.S. troops funded in the case of a shutdown. Senate Democrats are still evaluating how to handle that legislation.
( PHOTOS: 17 times the government has shut down)
Both Obama and Reid — with overwhelming support from House and Senate Democrats — have rejected the Republican proposal. The Senate will vote either late Sunday or Monday to do just that, putting the focus squarely back on Boehner and his fellow House Republicans just hours before a shutdown.
That would leave the House leadership with a brief window to avoid a shutdown. If there's a broad public outcry or groundswell to avoid a shutdown — which House GOP lawmakers and aides see as unlikely — Boehner and his top lieutenants still have the option to pass a government funding bill without the Obamacare language. However, they would need to turn to House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (Calif.) and the Democrats to do so, and there didn't appear to be any movement in that direction over weekend.
Many top GOP insiders see a multi-day shutdown as likely, if not unavoidable at this time.
And most Republicans privately acknowledge they'll get the lion's share of the blame from the public and press over this stalemate.
Stuart Hall could face a custodial sentence (Picture: PA)
A senior human rights barrister has called for the age of consent to be lowered to 13 in order to prevent the ‘persecution of old men' such as Stuart Hall.
Barbara Hewson said child sex abuse crimes were ‘low level misdemeanours' and likened what she saw as the post-Jimmy Savile ‘witch-hunt' to Soviet-era Russia.
Last month Hall admitted 14 indecent assaults on girls as young as nine, while Scotland Yard's Operation Yewtree, launched after the claims against Savile, has arrested Rolf Harris, Gary Glitter, DJ Dave Lee Travis, comedian Jim Davidson and PR guru Max Clifford. All deny any wrongdoing.
Ms Hewson, a barrister at Hardwicke chambers, said Yewtree and its ‘attendant zealots' posed more threat to society than anything Savile did, accusing law enforcement agencies of ‘fetishising victimhood'.
The agent of consent should be lowered, Barbara Hewson says (Picture: Reuters)
‘The low-level misdemeanours with which Stuart Hall was charged are nothing like serious crime,' she wrote for online magazine Spiked.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘Ordinarily, Hall's misdemeanours would not be prosecuted, and certainly not decades after the event.
‘What we have here is the manipulation of the British criminal-justice system to produce scapegoats on demand. It is a grotesque spectacle.'
She went on to say that ‘touching a 17-year-old's breast, kissing a 13-year-old, or putting one's hand up a 16-year-old's skirt' were not comparable to gang rapes or murders.
Jimmy Savile died in 2011 aged 84 and has since been exposed as one of Britain's worst child sex offenders (Picture: PA)
As well as calling for the age of consent to be lowered to 13, Ms Hewson also said guaranteed anonymity to sexual abuse complainants should be removed, and the statute of limitations reformed to prevent historic allegations being prosecuted.
‘These outdated and simply ill-informed views would be shocking to hear from anyone but to hear them from a highly experienced barrister simply beggars belief,' said Peter Watt, director of the NSPCC helpline.
‘Stuart Hall has pleaded guilty to abusing children as young as nine years old, we think most people would agree that crimes of this nature are incredibly serious. Thankfully the law, and most people, are very clear on this matter.
‘To minimise and trivialise the impact of these offences for victims in this way is all but denying that they have in fact suffered abuse at all. Any suggestion of lowering the age of consent could put more young people at risk from those who prey on vulnerable young people.'
Advertisement
Advertisement
In a statement Hardwicke chambers said it was ‘shocked' by Ms Hewson's article.
‘We did not see or approve the article pre-publication and we completely dissociate ourselves from its content and any related views she may have expressed via social media or any other media outlets,' the chambers added.
Joshua Tree's Most Productive
(2D photos and slideshow first. 3D Galleries further down the page will require red–cyan glasses to see the full 3D effect. Click Photos to Enlarge.)
Trek date: 2014 Jan 01. Wayfarers Cali49 (a.k.a. “E!”) & Murbachi
Associated Galleries:
Queen Valley Overlook
Loop Trail
THE FIRST OF THREE LOST HORSE MINE galleries covers the mine. This is followed by a scenic hilltop vantage point about 100ft elevation above the mine (top photo), and concludes with an enjoyable Lost Horse Loop excursion in 3D covering a varied landscap.
From start to finish including the viewpoint, our Loop Trail hike traversed 8.4 miles. (The mine is 2mi. from the car lot.) Total elevation gain: 588ft. Since our intention was to do this area comprehensively, we devoted the entire day. We chose a clockwise direction.
Turns out this was ideal for our purposes (and lazy bones), since going CW requires only moderate effort with perhaps one or two mildly strenuous grades. The counter-clockwise direction on the other hand includes some strenuous, steep uphill slogging before you get to the mine.
It being the New Years holiday, there were many others sharing the trail with us. See Elliot Koeppel's Cali49 web page describing Lost Horse Mine. My friend has made a close study of the mine's history and recounts it in superb detail HERE.
The next two galleries provide 3D coverage of the Queen Valley and Pleasant Valley overlook, and then the Lost Horse Mine Loop Trail through some stark and beautiful terrain that includes rugged hills followed by blackbush-covered fields whose thick stands of Mojave yuccas, nolinas and (in the final mile through a sandy wash) old and photogenic stands of Joshua Trees will draw attention.
At the end of the page is a discussion of Lost Horse Mine's activity. Whether or not it actually made a profit is anyone's guess, but there is no escaping that Lost Horse Mine is one of Joshua Tree National Park's star attractions!
2D Slideshow ♦ Lost Horse Mine
(Pictures take a minute to load)
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
2D Gallery ♦ Lost Horse Mine
(Click to Enlarge. Or Windows users, right-click and choose SAVE LINK AS for full-size JPGs.)
Use glasses to view 3D Anaglyphs
Click to Enlarge Photos
3D Anaglyph Gallery ♦ Lost Horse Mine
Please feel free to download as many of the 3D Anaglyph or 3D Half Side-by-Side photographs as you wish. Share them with your 3D friends. (You may share them also with any 2D friends you have.) Note: 3D H-SBS images should only be saved if you have access to a 3D TV. Otherwise viewing them properly will be futile.
3D Half Side-by-Side Gallery
(Suitable for 3D TV viewing. Half Side-by-Sides avoid the minor Anaglyph anomalies that can occur. Click images to enlarge. 1080p resolution. Or Windows users, right-click and choose SAVE LINK AS.)
Thanks for coming along!
Murbachi
Addendum. History writers tell us Lost Horse was Joshua Tree's most productive mine. Something bothers me. I am not convinced. Maybe they are telling the truth in terms of raw ounces. Maybe. Or maybe if you go wading in the Florida mangrove for an answer it'll jump up and grab you. Maybe. But from what my partner in this adventure, Cali49 writes on his website, “The Lost Horse Mining and Milling Company was incorporated in 1897, with a capital of $500,000.” If so, they convinced some savvy investors [cough-cough] to part with the gold-equivalent of 25,000 U.S. $20 gold Double Eagles to finance the scheme. Which is just shy of 25,000 ounces of gold back in those days, give or take a $4 Stella.*
E! mentions in another section: “The majority of the gold that was mined at the Lost Horse was found from 1896 to 1899, some nine thousand ounces.” Now maybe if I'm calculating correct-like, with the San Francisco Mint back in those halcyon Gold Standard days paying $18 an ounce for gold “sponge”—which is partially refined bullion—”some nine thousand ounces” equals $162,000. Deduct wages, overhead such as stabling the horses, taxes paid [cough-cough], likker and other incidentals, and some investors somewhere got short-changed. Maybe. And lest we forget about Johnny Lang (night manager at the mine for several months, who nicked a good portion of the bullion under his watch before he got caught and, um, was read the riot act by his partners), that still doesn't amount to a profit. Of course, in those days, “capital” in a corporation often consisted of watered stock, stock without real honest money behind it. Disharmonious to now. Maybe.
*that's a U.S. coin, what were you supposin'?
Posted 2015 Aug 30
Updated 2017 Nov 7
Photo: Owlet The Owlet Smart Sock lets parents continuously monitor their infant's vital signs, but experts say they shouldn't.
A recent journal article about wearable tech for infants pulls no punches: “There is no evidence that consumer infant physiologic monitors are life-saving, and there is potential for harm if parents choose to use them,” it states.
While the article is an opinion piece, it carries the weight of authority: It was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association and was authored by two pediatricians and an expert from the ECRI Institute, a nonprofit organization dedicated to the rigorous evaluation of medical procedures and devices.
The authors call out specific products that are marketed to nervous parents, including the $250 Owlet Smart Sock, which monitors a sleeping baby's pulse and blood oxygen levels. There's no need to monitor healthy infants so closely, the authors say, and doing so will likely cause false alarms and fear.
259,000: The number of mobile health apps available at major app stores. —research2guidance report, “mHealth App Developer Economics 2016”
This analysis has implications for the larger field of mobile health. It's been less than a decade since the “quantified self” craze began, but fitness trackers, wearable gadgets, and health-related apps have proliferated; for diabetes management alone, consumers can choose from more than 1500 apps.
Some experts believe that these products will provide useful streams of health data that will empower consumers to make better decisions and live healthier lives; for example, one Stanford professor credits his wearables for early detection of his Lyme disease.
But others say the flood of information can have the opposite effect by overwhelming consumers with information that may not be accurate or useful. To probe further, IEEE Spectrum spoke with David Jamison, coauthor of the JAMA article and executive director of ECRI Institute's health devices group, as well as Priyanka Shah, a project officer in his group.
Spectrum: ECRI has a long tradition of testing medical devices for hospitals and doctors. How did you get involved with the mobile health apps and gadgets that are sold directly to consumers?
Jamison: Over the last couple of years, we've had a lot of hospitals and doctors telling us they're interested in these kinds of products. For instance, the wearable baby monitor study came about when I was talking with a doctor at CHOP (Children's Hospital of Philadelphia) about these products. He said parents and grandparents were asking him: “Is the use of this technology a good idea for our baby?”
These consumer products can impact a hospital in terms of giving care advice, liability, and cost of care. And smartphone apps are a similar story: We're studying diabetes apps now. We're focusing on products and apps that can have the most clinical impact, and things that might cost hospitals a lot of money.
We think it's really important to get data about accuracy and safety. The public needs to be aware that many of these consumer products are not regulated as medical devices, so may not have the accuracy and safety they expect.
Photo: Owlet
Spectrum: Your JAMA article about infant wearables argues that constantly monitoring things like a baby's heart rate and respiration could actually lead to worse health outcomes. Can you give an example?
Jamison: The main problem is over-diagnosis. Parents are awakened by some nasty alarm in the middle of the night. They look at a number [on the device], but may not know how to deal with that number or what it means. So they go to the emergency room. The doctors look at the baby and want to be sure everything's okay, so they do some blood tests. The blood stick causes pain, and the whole process causes stress.
And maybe the doctors make an error: There are normal variations in the human body in terms of temperature and pulse and blood oxygenation. If you look at a number from just one point in time, that creates problems.
Spectrum: Are infant wearable companies like Owlet capitalizing on parents' fear of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS), which is still pretty mysterious?
Jamison: It certainly seems that way. We're not in the business of evaluating people's advertising. But when you look at the videos on their website, especially if you're a parent, you're pretty affected by the things they say. [Jamison is referencing a CNBC video about the Owlet and SIDS that was prominently featured on the Owlet homepage until late last year.]
Spectrum: You're planning to test some of these baby-monitoring devices, right? Which ones?
Jamison: We're especially interested in testing the ones that measure blood oxygenation, because those are more like hospital devices. We want to compare their accuracy and ease of use to those of hospital devices.
Spectrum: Does the situation with infant wearables point to a larger problem with mobile health products?
Shah: Getting data is easy in this day and age, but getting meaningful data is what's really valuable to consumers. If I'm the parent of a baby, I'm not really interested in gathering a repository of my child's blood oxygenation data. But can the wearable technology help me come to a conclusion, or notify me before the occurrence of a declining health condition?
Spectrum: Let's talk about the big data issue. A product called Fever Scout, which is a stick-on patch to continuously monitor a child's temperature, just got FDA approval. Is this a case where more data isn't necessarily better?
Jamison: It's interesting that you bring that one up. We've been looking at it too, and we conferred with some pediatricians. They said that temperature is a pretty rough indicator, and many times it doesn't mean much. But at certain specialized times, it does. You need to be a clinician to look at the data and understand what to do next: “Is this a problem, or should go we go back to bed?”
Photo: Breathometer
Spectrum: There have also been examples of mobile health apps and gadgets that are flat-out inaccurate. For example, the best-selling Instant Blood Pressure app that used the phone's camera and microphone for its analysis was found to be very inaccurate in a study by doctors. And the FTC recently sued the company that made the Breathometer, a breathalyzer attachment for smartphones, saying that it dangerously overstated its accuracy. Do you expect to see a lot of cases like this?
Jamison: It's buyer beware right now with some of these technologies. One of our role in this landscape is to help people find out if consumer products really work as advertised. That's why we're looking at these baby monitors, which aren't regulated as medical devices. These companies have no reason to take all the validation steps that a company selling a regulated medical device would take, so we're going to check these products out.
Guelph police have arrested and charged 30-year-old man and a 22-year-old woman after responding to a medical call at a home and discovering a collection of stolen bicycles.
Officers found several stolen bicycles as well as parts and tires inside the home as they helped a person who was in distress at around 4:45 a.m. on Thursday. About 20 bicycles were seized.
Both the man and woman have been charged with possession of stolen property. The man was also charged with breach of recognizance, and the woman was charged with breach of probation. Both are expected to appear in court on Thursday.
Guelph police are asking anyone in the community who has had a bicycle stolen recently to contact them at 519-824-1212 ext. 7241 with a description and serial number if possible.
So far no identities or ages have been revealed.
"This is a big blow to our community," Clovis Mayor David Lansford said. "Our community places a high value on life and the sanctity of life, and each life that lives in this community is precious."
Clovis police officers received the call of an active shooter situation at the library around 4:13 p.m. Ford said officers entered the library and made contact with the suspect, taking him into custody. First responders made sure no other shooters were on the premises, and then they tended to the victims.
The suspect surrendered to police, Ford said.
There were no shots fired at police officers, Ford said. The library remains closed, and police are seeking warrants as the investigation continues. There is no indication at this point what prompted the shooting.
The City of Clovis live-streamed Monday's news conference on its Facebook page. For mobile users, click here.
"We are a strong community," Lansford said. "We are a faith-based community, and I know the faith community will rise up and wrap their arms around those who are hurting."
A witness, Matt Southard, told KOB's Tessa Mentus and Steve Soliz he was next to the library on business. When he went outside, he saw first responders on scene. The officers had the guns drawn and everyone looked toward the library, he said.
At that point, Southard started filming as the suspect was put into a police car. The suspect wore a black T-shirt and sunglasses.
"As they were walking him out he had a very smart look on his face and was flipping his hair back," Southard said.
Southard said he saw a young woman being transported in an ambulance, but he did not see any other victims.
Another witness, Joseph Tapia, also shot video. He said the person in custody looked like a younger kid, possibly a sophomore in high school. The male in handcuffs "didn't look like he had any remorse while he was getting walked out," Tapia said.
"It's real sad," Tapia said. "It just feels like one of those, 'Did this really just happen in Clovis?' It's just kind of like ... who, why? It's a small community. You never think this would happen here. Being out there, just seeing all the cops everywhere, ambulances, fire trucks and everything -- it was like this is stuff we see in movies. We don't see this in Clovis."
"I grew up born and raised in Clovis. And to see something like that in the town I grew up in, it was really shocking and devastating," Southard added. "To see the man that supposedly had done all this was really just a blow to your heart, to know that something like that can happen so close to home."
Several statewide elected officials reacted to Monday's shooting:
"While there is still much unknown, it is clear this was a horrific attack. I am directing the New Mexico Department of Public Safety, and other state agencies, to assist and support the Clovis Police Department. In the coming hours and days we will learn more information about this despicable act, but for now I ask all New Mexicans to pray for the victims and their families, and for the entire Clovis community."
-- Gov. Susana Martinez
"New Mexico's thoughts and prayers tonight are with the victims, their families, and the first responders on the ground. The Office of the Attorney General has offered our assistance to local law enforcement in Clovis and our victim service specialists are currently assisting the Office of the District Attorney."
-- Attorney General Hector Balderas
"I am deeply saddened to hear about the shooting that occurred at a public library in Clovis earlier today. There is no place for acts of senseless violence like this in our communities. My staff and I will be keeping the victims, their families, and the brave men and women who responded to the situation in our thoughts and prayers tonight."
-- Secretary of State Maggie Toulouse Oliver
"Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and the families of the tragic shooting at the Clovis-Carver Public Library in Clovis tonight. While the details are still coming in, we grieve for the innocent victims shot in a senseless act of violence; lives disrupted and futures cut short; and a community reeling. We must come together to heal, but this trend must not continue.
-- U.S. Rep. Ben Ray Lujan, D-N.M., whose congressional district includes Curry County
Stay with KOB.com as this story develops.
Bibby Ship Management Arm Sold To V.Group
159 SHARES Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Linkedin
Bibby Ship Management arm sold to V.Group expanding its specialist offshore oil and gas services and workforce by an additional 332 personnel.
V.Group CEO, Clive Richardson, announced the news saying: “With the extensive expertise of the Bibby Ship Management team, our ability to offer comprehensive management and support services to offshore oil and gas assets and specialised project vessels is second to none.
Bibby Ship Management Arm Sold To V.Group
The acquisition adds an additional 332 personnel to V.Groups books, and additional bases across seven countries including the UK, Singapore, India and Sweden.
Bibby Ship Management was itself a leading player in crew management services, training, marine surveying and technical support services aimed at the global offshore energy sector.
Richardson added: “We believe our combined capabilities offer a compelling outsourcing proposition to our clients, helping optimise operating and budgetary performance for shipowners.”
“We deliver a higher performance assurance, through integrating a wider range of services in support of the management offering,”
Bibby Line
Bibby Managing Director, Sir Michael J Bibby, said: “Bibby Line Group has built its reputation as a high quality, safe and reliable shipowner and manager over 200 years' of trading in the most competitive and dynamic markets in the world.”
“We set up our ship management business in 1982 and we are now involved in managing vessels for many well-known multinational companies.”
“By combining Bibby Ship Management's operations, people and expertise with V.Group's, we believe that our clients, as well as our own vessels, will continue to receive a high quality, personal service for years to come,”
PASADENA, MD — A girl with suspicions about the origins of Santa Claus – Spoiler Alert! – may have landed on the Naughty List with her response to her parents.
Nicki Adams of Pasadena shared the drama with friends on Facebook Dec. 10. She said her daughter, Belle, 10, had been quizzing her and husband, Mike, daily for a month about Santa.
Adams wrote, "Belle asked point blank about Santa and she's been asking every day. So we were truthful and she may never speak to us again."
In response to the debunking of the Santa myth, Belle wrote a note to Mom and Dad, and slid it under their door, which Adams shared on social media.
The girl wrote:
"You have no idea what you just did. I really tried to believe [sic]. Everyone told me its your parents. I can't believe [sic] you anymore. Is the Easter bunny real? How about the tooth fairy, huh? You just ruiend [sic] a 10-year-old's child's LIFE. Thanks. Nothing will make me feel better. U lied to me about something I loved that BROKE my heart."
With the emotion that only a disappointed 10-year-old can muster, the message is then illustrated with the drawing of a heart ripped in two. And then several drawings of a hand labeled with the middle finger and the hashtag #middlefingeremoji.
Adams tells Patch that at first they "felt awful! And then came the middle finger emoji and yes, her father and I had to move away from the door because we were laughing so hard."
Belle's parents explained to her about the magic of Christmas and the power of believing.
"We told her that Santa lives in our hearts and once we know the truth about Santa, that we all become Santa and it's our duty to pay it forward to the next child to make their Christmas magical," Adams said. "And that's just what she's doing."
While the couple weren't pleased with the angry drawing, they can't wait to show it to Belle when she's an adult.
»Copy of Belle's note to parents, used with permission of Nicki Adams
Scott's latest article, LOOKING A GIFT HORSE IN THE MOUTH, is going massively viral with over 500 comments in just the past 16 or so hours, most in agreement.
The fact that even those on the ‘left' like Scott are voicing dissent about social justice is further evidence we are winning, or at least the pendulum has swung the other way.
I think that is the problem. When creepy white supremacists criticize social justice, they're at no risk of taking over the wider SJ-critical movement. As the old saying goes, white supremacists are the best argument against white supremacy, and most of them couldn't take over a blanket fort with a flamethrower. But rhetorically-gifted Yale professors who get thinkpieces published in The Atlantic are exactly the sort of people who would take over the wider SJ-critical movement, become its most important voice, and define what it means both to the rest of the world and to its own members.
Or just look at Reddit, where I visit to take the pulse of the commentariat. On Reddit and 4chan, for example, I definitely perceive a SJW backlash since 2013 or so, with the disintegration of the OWS/'we are the 99%' movement. Social media provides a platform for these dissenting voices that until recently were drowned out. The social justice movement overplayed its hand when it began its witch-hunts of the innocent (Justine Sacco, Matt Taylor (shirtstorm), Tim Wolfe, Brendan Eich firing, Donglegate, and many more) and suppression of the free-flow of information through blacklisting and forced resignations of public intellectuals (Tim Hunt, Larry Summers, Jason Richwine), as well as the whole ‘check your privilege' campaigns. ‘Social justice' went from ‘save the whales' and ‘free Tibet' to ‘let's get this guy fired for noticing gender differences'.
Liberals, like their Puritan predecessors, believe in the myth of equality. For the left, their scriptures say that the economy will be doomed because of too much wealth inequality (or, in the case of the Puritans, eternal damnation). The Puritans believed everyone was born sinful; similarly, today's liberals believe that everyone is born equal (blank slate), but instead of Church and God it's the role of the state ‘save' people so that equal outcomes are attained. Both reject the idea anyone is born ‘better' than others.
But more and more people, young people in their 20′s and 30′s, especially, are waking up to the fact that the left's Puritanical vision of reality is, ultimately, wrong, or, at the very least, in disagreement with empirical and biological reality. Why are people falling behind? The left says because we're not spending enough taxpayer money. Yet, entitlement spending is at record highs. Billions of dollars every year on schools, welfare, and other programs. Maybe biological factors are to blame that render the left's efforts futile. Maybe ‘greedy' corporations and rich people are not the problem, maybe it's low IQs and bad life choices (from not being smart enough to make good choices). We can keep blaming the economy as the left always does or, instead, accept the reality that at the biological level not everyone is equal, so we should not expect equal outcomes, which means there will always be some who have more and others who have less. And people who are well-versed in science and economics (as many millennials are) understand this, that survival-of-the-fittest model that applies in nature also applies, to some extent, in the real world.
Third, to many millennials, being smart and rich (with a detached ‘aloofness') like Elon Musk or Mark Zuckerberg is cool, as opposed to being a whiny poor liberal loser who always sees imagined injustices. The success of Silicon Valley and American capitalism is proving the left wrong, over and over again. There are companies right now that are worth billions that just three or four years ago didn't exist. Coders out of college are making six-figures at start-ups, yet the left says the economy is weak and capitalism is dead. Coding, math, ..(STEM culture)..is the celebration of intellectualism, individualism, and wealth creation, in repudiation of decades of political correctness.
Efficiency (both in the workplace and in the financial markets), merit (some people being better than others, and thus being rewarded with more money and status), and technology (Facebook, Snapchat, apps, Tesla, Uber, Amazon, web 2.0, Silicon Valley) rule the world, making ‘social justice' obsolete, sorry liberals.
Related: The SJW Narrative Collapse
The protesters, most of them based in the capital Sanaa, are demanding the ouster of president Saleh [AFP]
Yemen's opposition has proposed a transition plan which would see the country's longtime president hand power to a vice-president while steps are taken towards a national unity government and new elections.
As protests continued across the country calling for Abdullah Ali Saleh to step down, opposition officials said on Saturday that he had yet to respond to the five-point plan.
The president, in power for 32 years, has said he is prepared to leave eventually but an abrupt exit would cause chaos.
On Saturday, he thanked thousands of supporters gathered near the presidential palace for backing the constitution.
"I salute you for your heroic stand and thank you for supporting constitutional legitimacy," he told the crowd amid a sea of his portraits and banners supporting his continued rule.
Yet in the southern province of Aden, thousands of anti-government protesters clashed with anti-riot police backed by tanks.
Protesters demanding the ouster of the president called for a general strike on Saturday and witnesses said many of residents responded by not going to work. Public transport shut down and many shops were closed.
Demonstrators set tyres on fire, sending black smoke in the sky. Troops fired in the air to disperse young people who had erected barricades with large rocks at the entrance of main roads to prevent tanks from moving, witnesses said.
And in the western port of Hudaida, seven protesters were wounded when riot police used batons and teargas to disperse demonstrators calling for Saleh's resignation, residents said.
Saleh has warned that if he is ousted, Yemen will descend into chaos and boost the al-Qaeda presence already in the country.
The opposition plan would see the army and security forces restructured by a vice-president acting as temporary president.
Wide discussions could then be held on constitutional changes, a unity government and new elections, Yemen's opposition coalition said in a statement.
"President Saleh and his entourage are still involved in their crimes and continue to refuse to understand the demands of the people," the opposition said.
Days earlier, Saleh made a fresh offer to demonstrators, proposing he stays in office until elections are held and that he will transfer his powers to a caretaker government.
The offer was made on Tuesday at a meeting with Mohammed al-Yadoumi, head of the Islah party. It was the first time the president had dealt with Islah, once a partner in his government, an opposition spokesmen said.
"The opposition could pick a head of government of its own choosing and there would be parliamentary elections by the end of the year," an opposition source said of Saleh's offer.
The opposition promptly rejected the offer, with a spokesman calling it "an attempt to prolong the survival of regime".
Weeks of protests by many thousands in Sanaa, the capital, and other cities have sent Saleh's rule to the brink of collapse.
However, the United States and top oil producer Saudi Arabia, a key Yemen supporter, are worried over who could succeed their ally. They have long regarded Saleh as a bulwark of stability who can keep al-Qaeda from extending its foothold in an Arabian Peninsula country.
Yemen's al-Qaeda wing claimed responsibility for a foiled attempt in late 2009 to blow up an airliner bound for Detroit, and for US-bound cargo bombs sent in October 2010.
Some 82 people have been killed during the protests so far, including 52 people shot by government snipers on March 18.
Joining a longlist of Apple executives and new hires thought to be working on Apple's highly anticipated iWatch project, the company has recently picked up Roy J.E.M Raymann from Philips Research, an expert on sleep research with extensive experience in wearables, sensors, and non-pharmacological methods of improving sleep quality. The possibilities here are absolutely fascinating…
The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac
Before joining Apple, Raymann served as a senior scientist at Philips Research working as a lead on various sleep related research projects. He founded the Philips Sleep Experience Laboratory, a non-clinical sleep research facility, and also lead projects researching various aspects of sleep and activity monitoring through the Philips' Consumer Lifestyle Sleep Research Program and the company's Brain, Body, and Behavior group. Raymann's research covers many projects related to monitoring and modulating sleep patterns through non-medical means. For example, he has written extensively on “mild skin warming” as a non-pharmacological method of altering “sleep-pressure, sleep quality and alertness.” He also has extensive experience in researching wearable sensors and miniaturization of sensors related to tracking sleep and alertness activity.
Philips Research confirmed “that as of January 1 Roy has left the company,” but wouldn't confirm or deny if he left for a position at Apple.
Tracking sleep patterns is one area that has been a focus for some of the popular fitness tracking products on the market such as the FitBit and could be one feature Apple attempts to incorporate into iWatch. The FitBit products, for example, are capable of tracking movements to provide data on sleep patterns and calculate sleep efficiency. It also offers the ability to silently wake the user through vibrations without disturbing others. There are also a number of third-party iPhone connected devices and apps designed to improve and track sleeping habits.
In addition to leaving his position at Philips Research, Raymann left his role at the Dutch Society for Sleep-Wake Research in December after three years as a member of the scientific committee at the organization, according to his LinkedIn page. We previously reported that Apple had hired other workers for the iWatch team from various companies that specialize in devices that could analyze sleep patterns.
We reported as far back as July of last year that Apple had begun assembling a team of sensor and fitness experts to work under key Apple executives on its much rumored wearables project. Since, has Apple continued to hire other experts from medical and fitness fields with experience in everything from sensor-packed medical monitoring devices to biomedical technologies, glucose sensors, and general fitness devices.
Most recently we reported Apple is developing an app codenamed “Healthbook” that would be capable of tracking fitness related statistics and monitoring vital signs like blood pressure, heart rate, hydration levels and more.
Mark Gurman contributed to this report
Tokyo cops arrest novelist Novala Takemoto for ‘dangerous drugs'
TOKYO (TR) – Tokyo Metropolitan Police arrested on Thursday arrested popular novelist Novala Takemoto on charges of possession of so-called “dangerous drugs,” reports the Sankei Shimbun (April 23).
In early March, officers found Takemoto, 47, to have two grams of contraband banned under the Narcotics Control Law in his possession on a street in the Ueno district.
Dangerous drugs are sold in packets as a combination of chemicals whose structures are often able to exploit legal loopholes and organic material.
Takemoto, whose real first name is Toshiaki, had been stopped for questioning after he appeared to be behaving erratically. He has reportedly denied the allegations. “I didn't know the herb I had contained narcotic drugs,” the suspect is quoted by police.
Takemoto made his debut as a novelist in 2000. The 2004 film “Kamikaze Girls” is based on the Takemoto novel “Shimotsuma Story — Yankee Girl & Lolita Girl” released two years before.
Maysoon Al-Suwaidan is known for being a poet, a TV personality and the daughter of Tareq Al-Suwaidan, a prominent Muslim Brotherhood member in Kuwait who has written many books, delivered numerous public speeches and appeared in TV interviews on Islamic subjects ranging from discussing the Quran to stories of the Prophet Mohammed. Like many daughters of Islamic scholars, Al-Suwaidan always embraced the headscarf. She traveled the world with it, she obtained her masters degree from Georgetown University with it, and she conducted her poetry TV show while wearing it. But late last year she posted a photo of herself on her Facebook page without the hijab, commenting that “I left to India in search of God away from any religion or sect and discovered that the biggest hijab between God and I is the hijab of people.” The literal translation of hijab in Arabic is partition used in many references including the head covering of women.
Al-Suwaidan's statement continues explaining how she “let go of all that she inherited of hijab (partition) in her mind, and she started her search for God from the beginning.” She ends her statement musing about how “these beliefs, conflicts, judgments, and masks seem far away from her” after her experience in India.
Her decision to publicly announce her removal of the hijab and how she ultimately found God in India after all of her explorations of God in her own culture and region, including her visit to Mecca, unleashed a series of attacks on her and her father — especially by Muslim Brotherhood members and other religious groups. And it also opened a discussion of a much suppressed tension in the Middle East.
Most attacks are related to her lack of a right to take off her hijab. Some cursed her decision, some called her an infidel. Some of her fans expressed disappointment that she would reject the veil. Others appealed to her father, urging him to impose his will and enforce her wearing of the hijab. Meanwhile, some congratulated Al-Suwaidan for her courage to express her opinion publicly and acting in her truth rather than in societal expectations of her.
Salah, a commenter on her Facebook page said, “Maybe the issue is not with Islam but how Muslims are implementing Islam these days.” Raja, another commenter said, “ I feel bad and sorry for her losing of her way. It is not right to call her an infidel but we should pray for her to find her way back.” And Melanie remarked that Al-Suwaidan “is impolite and had risked[ed] her father's reputation. Do what you want in your life but you dont' need to do it publicly.”
The debate over the hijab is as contentious in the Middle East these days as it is in the Western world. The widespread phenomenon of embracing the hijab happened more with younger women throughout the 1990s and 2000s rather than the previous generations, members of which mostly did not take on the hijab. One widespread phenomenon is that of daughters taking on the hijab and their mothers then following suit. It was embraced for many reasons including political identity, a return to more religious traditions, and often for social reasons, including pacts of girlfriends or freedom of mobility hijab brings in the public sphere.
It helped that female public figures, from major Egyptian movie stars to well-respected anchors of Al Jazeera Arabic, have embraced the hijab in the last 10 to 15 years, making it even more popular with younger women in the region. However, the discussion of whether the hijab is a fundamental pillar of Islam or it simply related to freedom of decision has become the source of great tension in the region.
During a panel on Islam in Paris at #WITW, the discussion was passionate, to say the least. Watch: https://t.co/J37RgIha8q pic.twitter.com/IZSBHiEOtv — Women in the World (@WomenintheWorld) April 7, 2017
Many Muslim women who are not wearing the hijab are complaining that their rights and freedom of choice is being judged and they face tremendous pressure to wear it. Some are appealing to women who are wearing it to defend the rights of women who chose not to wear it just as they asked for their rights to wear it to be respected. Some who do embrace the hijab express a desire to take it off, but worry if they do so, they will be attacked and shunned by society. And some are keeping it on for strategic reasons as they believe it will have more public appeal in society and will ultimately enable their work and other functions.
Al-Suwaidan is about the first public figure to take off the hijab with a statement about the freedom in the search for God beyond any traditions and norms. She has pushed many sensitive buttons with her public decision but also triggered much needed public discussion on the role of Islam in people's lives today. For now, she is the recipient of many attacks, but some have also come out to defend her right. Maybe this will pave a new path of discussion on Islam, women and how the religion is seen in Arab cultures today.
Last week at Tina Brown's Women in the World New York Summit, I moderated a panel on Islam and, inevitably, the topic of the hijab came up and was hotly-debated between Zineb El Rhazoui, a journalist whose colleagues were killed in the Charlie Hebdo attack, and Samia Hathroubi, a French Muslim activist. Watch a highlight from that panel below and to see the full discussion, click here.
Related
Debate over women in Islam spills over into a second day with Farah Pandith and Zainab Salbi
WATCH: A passionate exchange about the rise of Islamic extremism in France
Masih Alinejad: ‘My hair was like a hostage in the hands of the Iranian government'
Zainab Salbi is an author and media commentator and the founder of Women for Women International — a grassroots humanitarian and development organization dedicated to serving women survivors of war. Salbi is an editor at large for Women in the World, reporting on the intersection of Middle Eastern and Western cultures. For more information on Salbi's work visit www.zainabsalbi.com.
A young Oakland man arrested last year on terrorism charges conspired to kill 10,000 people across the Bay Area by blowing up gay clubs in San Francisco, planting backpack bombs on the UC Berkeley campus, setting fire to the Berkeley Hills and selling cocaine laced with rat poison, according federal court records obtained by NBC Bay Area. Liz Wagner reports on a story that first aired on July 25. (Published Tuesday, July 25, 2017)
A young Oakland man arrested last year on terrorism-related charges conspired to kill 10,000 people across the Bay Area by blowing up gay clubs in San Francisco, planting backpack bombs on the University of California, Berkeley campus, setting fire to the Berkeley Hills and selling cocaine laced with rat poison, according federal court records obtained by NBC Bay Area.
NBC Bay Area's Investigative Unit first broke the news that Berkeley High School graduate Amer Sinan Alhaggagi, 22, was indicted late last week for attempting to provide support to the terrorist group ISIS.
During a December detention hearing, federal prosecutors recounted in detail conversations dating back to last July that Alhaggagi had with FBI informants posing as ISIS sympathizers.
“I live close to San Francisco, that's like the gay capital of the world,” Alhaggagi allegedly told an FBI informant during an online conversation. “I'm going to handle them right. LOL. I'm going to plant a bomb in a gay club. By god, I'm going to tear up the city. The whole Bay Area is going up in flames. My ideas are genius.”
Oakland Man Indicted for Attempting to Help ISIS
An East Bay man has been indicted on terrorism-related charges, federal court records show. Liz Wagner reports in a video that aired on July 22, 2017. Published Monday, July 24, 2017 (Published Monday, July 24, 2017)
But Alhaggagi's attorney at the time argued his client never actually intended to commit those atrocities.
“The real ultimate issue is how much of these allegations are very stupid and very inappropriate and very disturbing puffery, and how much was intended to be acted out,” Federal defender Hanni Fakhoury said during the hearing.
Prosecutors say Alhaggagi's actions went beyond “puffery.”
Video Oakland Man Indicted for Attempting to Help ISIS
During the detention hearing, they said Alhaggagi met face-to-face with an undercover FBI agent posing as an ISIS sympathizer, taking him on a tour of the Bay Area and pointing out possible targets for an attack. He also provided three backpacks that could be used to carry bombs to the undercover agent, according to federal prosecutors.
When federal agents served a search warrant at Alhaggagi's residence, prosecutors say they found a bomb making manual on the desktop of his computer.
At one point, prosecutors say Alhaggagi even asked an undercover agent if he should kill his own friends.
“Do you think I should kill my non-believer friends?” Alhaggagi allegedly said. “That's like sending an all-out statement that no one is safe. I'll just call them over and tie them up and execute them.”
According to prosecutors, Alhaggagi planned to flee to Mexico after carrying out those attacks. From there, prosecutors say he planned to join Islamic State fighters abroad.
Despite those disturbing conversations, Fakhoury said his client's actions tell a different story.
When prosecutors brought up a trip to Saudi Arabia they found concerning, Fakhoury said Alhaggagi was merely attending his sister's wedding. Prosecutors alleged Alhaggagi told an undercover agent he'd purchased rat poison using stolen credit cards, but Fakhoury said federal agents never found evidence that actually took place. When prosecutors claimed Alhaggagi intended to use stolen credit cards to purchase materials for terror attacks, Fakhoury said the only items his client actually bought with those stolen cards were clothing from an online retailer.
“There's a disconnect between his words and actions,” Fakhoury said.
During the hearing, federal prosecutors discussed how they were able to track the disturbing online comments to Alhaggagi.
Initially, undercover agents in communication with Alhaggagi were unaware of his true identity or where he lived. However, remarks about wanting to set fire to the Berkeley Hills gave investigators their first clue Alhaggagi lived in the Bay Area. When Alhaggagi allegedly claimed he would join a local police department to steal weapons if he couldn't make bombs himself, investigators began contacting Bay Area law enforcement agencies. They eventually found an application Alhaggagi submitted to the Oakland Police Department. When an undercover agent met with Alhaggagi for the first time, they confirmed he was their suspect.
But a few months later, prosecutors say Alhaggagi cut off communication with those undercover agents. Agents ultimately arrested him on identity theft and fraud charges relating to the online clothing purchase he made using a stolen credit card. They eventually added the charge of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization.
Alhaggagi's family said in a written statement given to NBC Bay Area that he loved this country and never intended to carry out a violent attack.
“We were shocked to learn of the accusations involving Amer. Amer is not and has never been radicalized in any way. He grew up in this country and loves it here. He is peaceful and kind. He was very young and immature when he got involved in the online conversations that are the basis for these accusations. He did not think those conversations were serious and he never had any intent to harm anyone. We love him and continue to fully support him.”
Alhaggagi's arraignment has not yet been scheduled. NBC Bay Area will continue to follow the story and provide updates as more information becomes public.
This week Darren is back from his trip to Arizona and he is fired up to talk about crypto! The prices of everything but Bitcoin SegWit is up. This past week the difficulty of the Bitcoin SegWit chain increased by 15%, Coinbase has started offering Bitcoin Cash, and BitPay has announced they will support multiple blockchains starting with Bitcoin Cash. We also talk about South Korean exchange Youbit needed to declare bankruptcy following a hack. Finally we discuss the future of money and what it could mean for crypto.
Stream this podcast episode:
or Direct Download this episode as an MP3 – Neocash Radio cryptocurrency podcast ep235
Tune in to Neocash Radio every Wednesday night and
RETWEET ALL THE THINGS @NeocashRadio!
Subscribe to the Neocash Radio podcast
on iTunes/ Soundcloud/ Stitcher/ YouTube/ Google Play & iHeartRadio!
We're also on Tunein, Player.FM, Overcast.FM, Podcast Addict, Blubrry, LBRY and more!
BitPay Will Process Payments on Multiple Blockchains, Starting with Bitcoin Cash
https://blog.bitpay.com/multiple-blockchains/
“We've received repeated requests from merchants and users over the years to support additional blockchain payment methods. Many of the top alternative cryptocurrencies' blockchains make their own innovations on the features which have made Bitcoin great for payments. These range from faster transaction confirmations to greater payment privacy.
Allowing our merchants to accept payments on other blockchains will open up new customer bases to our merchants.
We will continue to build on the Bitcoin blockchain without interruption. We're examining every option we can use to allow Bitcoin users to continue to affordably and reliably pay for the things they need, including the current development efforts on the Lightning Network.
We are already working in various parts of our platform to support transactions with SegWit. Segwit is a new set of features in Bitcoin which can reduce the bitcoin miner fee cost for transactions by over 40% on average. However, with average transaction fees already around $20, we understand that Bitcoin alone cannot handle the current demand for blockchain payments.”
Coinbase opens up Bitcoin Cash trading on December 19th ahead of Jan 2018 schedule
Within 4 minutes of listing, trading of BCH was temporarily halted after quoted prices were nearly $9,000, more than $6,000 above the market cap price of $2,900.
Today Coinbase announced it will start an investigation to see if any employees might have violated it's insider trading rules in the run-up to it's surprise listing of Bitcoin Cash.
The current Bitcoin Cash price is $4,125 or over 70% rise in 24 hours. The Bitcoin Cash 24/hr hashrate compared to Bitcoin Segwit has approx doubled to 14.2%.
Bitcoin Segwit Difficulty adjusts up 15% on December 18 increasing unconfirmed transactions
More Bitcoin Segwit futures opened up this week.
After Cboe launched Bitcoin futures on Dec 10, Bitcoin rose 20%.
This week saw the launch of Bitcoin futures from CME Group on the 17th as well as futures via TD Ameritrade for select clients available through Cobe on the 18th.
Youbit exchange to declare bankruptcy after alleged North Korean Hack
Youbit announces it was hacked on Dec 18th of approx 18% of its cryptocurrencies. Users are suspended from trading and withdrawing holdings. This is the second major hack of this platform, the first occuring in April 2017 when it was known as Yapizon to the amount of 4,000 Bitcoins.
Anonymous sources via Reuters report this hack is similar to the one back in April that had ties to North Korea, however Youbit via a representative denied that this attack originated from there.
December 18th also saw the White House officially named North Korea being behind the May 2017 WannaCry attacks.
300 Million Tethers Issued in the last week.
Charlie Lee sold all his lightcoin.
Tips appreciated!
BTC Address: 1MmFwDeZPgxJ4GyzbfmZVLJv3aZcpxSfR5
ETH Address: 0xe4689EF88F239C6eed1Ff262876e2499495c1617
DASH Address: XtLEPo6DKeu45e2czdHLEb5EzJRVDz2aLZ
NXT Address: NXT-TT49-WV65-HZJA-5EJF9
BCH Address: 173ADKUvvRcSmb9tnKiYAMQAoB6RhsgQQd
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Google
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Artificial intelligence tools like deep learning have come on in leaps and bounds in recent years, powered by two main resources: cheap processing power, delivered by the cloud; and stacks and stacks of user data. For a company like Apple — which has banged the drum of user privacy like no other — this presents a problem. How does it deliver deep learning smarts without constantly sending your data to the cloud? And how does it get that data in the first place?
"We're doing it on your devices, keeping your personal data under your control."
At this year's WWDC, the company promised that it can square the circle. New deep learning-powered features like facial recognition in your photos and conversational suggestions in your messages were showed, but Apple stressed that all the computation was happening on your device. "When it comes to performing analysis of your data," said Apple's Craig Federighi. "We're doing it on your devices, keeping your personal data under your control." Google's, by comparison, happens in the cloud.
Apple also said it would be using a technique known as "differential privacy" to comb through users' data while keeping them anonymous. This includes techniques like hashing, subsectioning, and noise injection to scramble their own data. This makes it difficult, in theory, to ever trace information back to an individual user, while still providing Apple's computer scientists with workable datasets with which to train their deep learning tools.
Apple says it even bought in a third-party privacy researcher (and differential privacy expert), Aaron Roth of the University of Pennsylvania, to assess the company's efforts. In what came as a surprise to no one, he was impressed, and was quoted on stage as saying that Apple's efforts positioned it as the "clear privacy leader among technology companies today."
The question is: how much of this is bluster? How good is Apple's AI going to be compared to Google's, which isn't as hamstrung by pledges of user privacy? And how will deep learning operate locally? Apps that use local deep learning could be slower (working on just your phone rather than a rack of servers), they could be bigger (downloading all those neural network models), and balancing out these constraints might mean they end up simply not working as well as the competition.
And unfortunately, while we'll be able to judge pretty quickly how well Apple's on-device deep learning functions (does it categorize your photos better or worse than Google's? Just try both!), the success or failure of privacy models aren't always as obvious. Problems tend to emerge over time, and despite what Apple says, security researchers have found that "anonymized" data doesn't always stay anonymous. We'll have to closely watch the company's results — and not just its presentations — to find out.
See all of the Apple WWDC 2016 news right here!
0 of 14
Tom Dahlin/Getty Images
Everyone take a deep breath and let the market reset after Thursday's deluge of free-agent signings.
Breathe in.
Breathe out.
The initial wave of transactions seemed closer to the opening of the stock market than the NFL's new league year.
Backup quarterback Mike Glennon agreed to a contract with the Chicago Bears for $14.5 million per season, per NFL Network's Ian Rapoport. Cornerback A.J. Bouye struck gold when he decided to sign with the Jacksonville Jaguars for five years and $67.5 million, per ESPN's Adam Schefter. The Cleveland Browns made Kevin Zeitler the highest paid guard in NFL history, according to Schefter.
After the initial sticker shock wears off, a realization occurs many quality free agents are still available with copious amounts of money to be spent throughout the league.
With the first stage of free agency complete, the market starts to settle, while teams continue to search for quality additions at the right price.
A team or teams "winning" free agency on the first day rarely results in a positive impact. Instead, it's those franchises willing to wait, find bargains and supplement their rosters that often successfully navigate the process.
With the most-valuable targets off the board—financially, that is—Bleacher Report identified the top remaining unrestricted free agents at every position.
GoNetwork, Winning Team at ETHWaterloo Hackathon To Launch ICO
× Email MLG Blockchain Consulting
(PRLEAP.COM)- GoNetwork, from the winning team at ETHWaterloo, the world's largest Ethereum hackathon, now brings state channels scaling solutions for mobile. With Vitalik Buterin and Jeff Coleman as part of the ETHWaterloo judging team, strong investment interest skyrocketed in the award-winning blockchain startup. This resulted in over 6000 individuals joining GoNetwork's Telegram in just two weeks, who are closely following announcements on their initial coin offering. You can now also join their crowdsale whitelist."We are very excited by the tremendous growth of our community in just a matter of weeks," stated co-founder Rashid Khan, "Having a strong vibrant community around our project has given us a special edge. Our community has been giving us great advice, spreading the word about GoNetwork, connecting us with key influencers and more!"GoNetwork came to the attention of media after delivering a winning submission at ETHWaterloo; the world's largest Ethereum hackathon with notable judges including Vitalik Buterin and Jeff Coleman. Now they are poised to bring scalability solutions to Mobile with state channels, bringing cryptocurrencies to the masses.GoNetwork, is an award-winning blockchain startup formed by game developer veterans. Founders Rashid Khan and Xun Cai previously developed Dubsuqad as well as Happy Park, which was listed as a Top 10 Family game in 107 countries and No.1 Simulation game in over 47 countries in the IOS AppStore.Developed in conjunction with the ETHWaterloo, GoNetwork's scaling solution builds on ETHWaterloo's winning submission of Pocket Platform, which opens up fluid and frequent purchases with GoToken. GoNetwork will enable bringing cryptocurrencies to the masses and thus create a digital era experience facilitating mobile transactions. As a result, GoNetwork will leverage the trillion-dollar mobile economy and commerce market.Visit GoNetwork's website: https://gonetwork.co/ Join GoNetwork on Telegram: https://t.me/joinchat/Geu7vA2LFdDv5RqxFYqCtw Follow GoNewtork on Twitter: https://twitter.com/gonetwork_co Read GoNetwork's Whitepaper: https://gonetwork.co/GoNetwork_WhitePaper.pdf
Luke Evans, Bella Heathcote and Rebecca Hall are starring in a biopic about the creator of Wonder Woman “Professor Marston and The Wonder Women,” which has started production.
Topple Productions and Boxspring Entertainment are the production companies and Angela Robinson is directing from her own script. Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions has acquired worldwide rights on the project.
The story focuses on Harvard psychologist Dr. William Moulton Marston, the inventor of the lie detector and creator of Wonder Woman, who defends his feminist superhero against charges of “sexual perversity.” Marston's inspiration for Wonder Woman was his wife Elizabeth Marston and their lover Olive Byrne, two empowered women in the field of psychology.
Robinson has acted as consulting producer on “How To Get Away With Murder” as well as executive producing the final season of “True Blood.”
Amy Redford, Andrea Sperling and Terry Leonard are producing. “Transparent” creator Jill Soloway is executive producing as well as Boxspring Entertainment co-founder Clare Munn.
Sperling and Soloway recently formed Topple Productions. Their latest series is “I Love Dick,” starring Kevin Bacon and Kathryn Hahn.
Luke Evans will be next seen in “Girl On The Train” and recently wrapped production on Disney's “Beauty and the Beast.” Hall was most recently seen in “The BFG” and will next be seen in “Christine.” Heathcote will be seen in “Fifty Shades Darker.”
WME Global packaged and represented the project.
Robinson is represented by WME. Evans is represented by WME and United Agents. Hall is represented at WME and Julian Belfrage & Associates. Heathcote is represented by WME and in Australia by Joanna Milosz and managed by Brian Medavoy. The news was first reported by Deadline Hollywood.
Jon Stewart mercilessly tore into the Obama administration tonight over the revelation that the Internal Revenue Service specifically targeted Tea Party groups for scrutiny. Stewart slammed the government's lack of “managerial competence” and said that thanks to this scandal, conspiracy theorists how have a level of vindication they've never had before.
After briefly responding to Bill O'Reilly going after him, Stewart mockingly opined that there is no possible justification for all the wild claims conservatives have made about government overreach, only to be caught up with the IRS scandal. Stewart said the whole tax-exempt status thing is “bullshit,” but it's bullshit that should be granted equally.
Stewart slammed the IRS director who not only thought an apology was good enough for an IRS-related matter, but admitted she's not good at math. Stewart snarkily replied, “That's a good one, lady who works at the place that calculate people's taxes!”
Stewart explained exactly why this scandal has changed the dynamic between the White House and its conservative opponents.
“Well, congratulations, President Barack Obama, Conspiracy theorists who generally can survive in anaerobic environments have just had an algae bloom dropped on their fucking heads, thus removing the last arrow in your pro-governance quiver: skepticism about your opponents.”
Stewart argued that this scandal has now “shifted the burden of proof from the tin foil-behatted to the government,” saying that the government lacks any real “managerial competence” when it wants to do good, but when it wants to flex some malevolent muscles, “you're fucking Iron Man!”
Watch the video below, courtesy of Comedy Central:
—–
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Santa Clara, CA — February 1, 2016 - Today the Uncarrier™ is going to show it is prepared for Sunday's Big Game with the fastest 4G LTE network in Santa Clara, CA and debunk Verizon's year-old network claims.
T-Mobile is already rocking in the Bay Area with leading data speeds and expanded LTE coverage last year. According to crowd sourced data from Ookla, T-Mobile now has the fastest 4G LTE in Santa Clara – with peak speeds in excess of 123Mbps in some areas.
In the last year, T-Mobile has more than doubled its LTE coverage footprint, adding nearly 1 million square miles of new 4G LTE coverage to cover 304 million Americans - 97% the number of customers that Verizon does, while delivering the fastest 4G LTE network in the nation. Meanwhile, Verizon's network virtually stood still in comparison.
Now, Verizon customers in Santa Clara will have the chance to see for themselves if their network is actually better and win $100 if they can prove it. If they lose, they'll pose for a photo with a network sign of shame, with options like “T-Mobile's just busted Verizon's network myth #BallBusterChallenge,” and “T-Mobile's network was just as good as Verizon's #BallBusterChallenge” (but we'll toss in a consolation prize for playing).
Beginning at 11:00 a.m. PT on Monday, February 1, our Challenge Team will be moving along the north side of Tasman Drive near Levi's Stadium, starting near:
The intersection of Tasman Drive & Convention Center Street
The northeast corner of the Santa Clara Youth Soccer Park near the intersection of Stars & Stripes Drive/Tasman Drive
The team may show up at additional locations around the stadium as well!
You can also follow along on social at #BallBusterChallenge or @TMobile.
###
About T-Mobile US, Inc.
As America's Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: TMUS) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The Company's advanced nationwide 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences to approximately 63 million customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visithttp://www.t-mobile.com
Media Contacts
T-Mobile US Media Relations
MediaRelations@t-mobile.com
Actor
Paul Anthony Sorvino (, Italian: [sorˈviːno]; born April 13, 1939) is an American actor, opera singer, businessman, writer, and sculptor.[1] He often portrays authority figures on both sides of the law, and is possibly best known for his roles as Paulie Cicero, a portrayal of Paul Vario in the 1990 gangster film Goodfellas, and NYPD Sergeant Phil Cerreta on the TV series Law & Order. He held supporting roles in A Touch of Class, Reds, The Rocketeer, Nixon and Romeo + Juliet. He is the father of actress Mira Sorvino and actor Michael Sorvino.
Early life [ edit ]
Sorvino was born and raised in the Bensonhurst section of Brooklyn, New York City.[2] His mother Angela Maria Mattea (née Renzi) was a homemaker and piano teacher, who was born in Connecticut, of Italian (Molisan) descent. His father, Ford Sorvino, was an Italian (Neapolitan) immigrant who worked in a robe factory as a foreman.[3][4] He attended Lafayette High School, where he was classmates with painter Peter Max, and the American Musical and Dramatic Academy.[5]
Career [ edit ]
Paul Sorvino in 2008
He began his career as a copywriter in an advertising agency, where he worked with John Margeotes, founder of Margeotes, Fertitta, and Weiss. He took 18 years of voice lessons. While attending The American Musical and Dramatic Academy, he decided to go into the theatre. He made his Broadway debut in the 1964 musical Bajour, and six years later he appeared in his first film, Carl Reiner's Where's Poppa? starring George Segal and Ruth Gordon. In 1971, he played a supporting role in Jerry Schatzberg's critically acclaimed The Panic in Needle Park starring Al Pacino and Kitty Winn.
He received critical praise for his performance as Phil Romano in Jason Miller's 1972 Broadway play That Championship Season, a role he repeated in the 1982 film version. In It Couldn't Happen to a Nicer Guy, he played Harry Walters, real estate salesman randomly picked up by a beautiful woman (JoAnna Cameron) and raped at gunpoint as a prank. He also appeared in the 1976 Elliott Gould/Diane Keaton vehicle I Will, I Will... for Now. He starred in the weekly series We'll Get By (1975, as George Platt), Bert D'Angelo/Superstar (1976, in the title role) and The Oldest Rookie (1987, as Detective Ike Porter). He also directed Wheelbarrow Closers, a 1976 Broadway play by Louis La Russo II, which starred Danny Aiello.
In 1981, Sorvino played the role of Italian-American Communist Louis C. Fraina in Warren Beatty's film Reds. He appeared in Larry Cohen's 1985 horror film The Stuff as a reclusive militia leader. He helped found the American Stage Company, a group that launched several successful Off-Broadway shows, in 1986.[6]
In 1991, he took on the role of Sergeant Phil Cerreta (replacing actor George Dzundza in a new role) on the popular series Law & Order. Sorvino initially was excited about the role, but would leave after 29 episodes, citing the exhausting schedule demanded by the filming of the show, a need to broaden his horizons, and the desire to preserve his vocal cords for singing opera. Sorvino's exit from the series came in an episode in which Sgt. Cerreta was shot in the line of duty and transferred to an administrative position in another precinct.[7] He was replaced on the show by Jerry Orbach (as Detective Lennie Briscoe).
In 1993, Sorvino subbed for the late Raymond Burr in a Perry Mason TV movie. He earlier appeared as Bruce Willis' father in the weekly series Moonlighting, and the "Lamont" counterpart in the never-aired original pilot for Sanford and Son. Some of his most notable film roles were caporegime Paul Cicero in Martin Scorsese's Goodfellas (1990) and Henry Kissinger in Oliver Stone's Nixon (1995). In addition to Goodfellas, Sorvino also played mob bosses Eddie Valentine in The Rocketeer and Tony Morolto in The Firm.
Sorvino founded the Paul Sorvino Asthma Foundation, with the goal of building asthma centers for children and adults across the United States.[8] In 1998, he narrated the series "The Big House" for The History Channel. In 1999, he directed and again starred in (albeit playing a different role) a TV version of That Championship Season.
He also lent his voice in Hey Arnold!: The Movie as the main antagonist Mr. Scheck, the evil CEO of Future Tech Industries who wants to convert Arnold's neighborhood into a huge shopping mall.
From 2000 to 2002, he had a starring role as Frank DeLucca in the television drama That's Life. He also starred in the comedy Still Standing as Al Miller, father to Bill (Mark Addy).
He filmed The Trouble with Cali in the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre area of Pennsylvania. He directed and starred in the film, and his daughter Mira also starred in the film.
Sorvino played GeneCo founder Rotti Largo in the 2008 musical film Repo! The Genetic Opera. Working with Repo! director Darren Lynn Bousman again, Sorvino plays God [9] in The Devil's Carnival, a short film screened on tour beginning in April 2012.[10]
Personal life [ edit ]
Sorvino lives between Los Angeles and Gilbert, Pennsylvania (in the Pocono Mountains). He has three children: Mira, Michael, and Amanda from his first marriage with Lorraine Davis. His daughter Mira Sorvino is an Academy award winner and his son Michael Sorvino is an actor and graduate of Mason Gross School of the Arts at Rutgers University.
On January 17, 2007, news reports detailed that he displayed a gun in front of Daniel Snee, ex-boyfriend of his daughter Amanda, after the man pounded on her hotel door and made threats. Amanda testified that Snee threatened to kill her at a hotel on January 3 in Stowe, Vermont. She said she locked herself in the bathroom and called both police and her father. Her 67-year-old father showed up before police, she testified. When police arrived, the young man was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct, she said. As a deputy sheriff in Pennsylvania, Sorvino was legally authorized to carry a gun in different states. He did not point the gun at Snee or threaten him.[11]
In March 2008, Sorvino and his daughter Amanda lobbied with the Americans Against Horse Slaughter in Washington, D.C., for Congress and the Senate to Pass the American Horse Slaughter Prevention Act (S311/HR503). The Sorvinos run a private horse rescue in Gilbert, Pennsylvania.[12]
He is also an accomplished sculptor, specializing in cast bronze. In December 2008 his sculpture of the late playwright Jason Miller was unveiled in Scranton, Pennsylvania. In addition, he guest starred on the 2008 album of Neapolitan singer Eddy Napoli, Napulitanata, performing a duet of the song "Luna Rossa."[13]
In 2007, Sorvino launched Paul Sorvino Foods to market a range of pasta sauces. Based on his mother's recipe, the product appeared in supermarkets in the northeastern United States in late 2009.[14] Three years later, Sorvino became part owner in Janson-Beckett Cosmeceuticals.[15]
In December 2014, Sorvino married political pundit Denessa Purvis "Dee Dee" Benkie after meeting her on Your World With Neil Cavuto.[16]
In January 2018 Sorvino learned that Harvey Weinstein was alleged to have sexually harassed his daughter. Sorvino was quoted as saying about Weinstein: “He's going to go to jail. Oh yeah. That son of a bitch,” Sorvino told TMZ. “Good for him if he goes, because if not, he has to meet me. And I will kill the motherf—-r. Real simple.” “If I had known it, he would not be walking. He'd be in a wheelchair.” [17]
Controversy [ edit ]
In 2005, Sorvino partnered with Lackawanna County to film The Trouble with Cali in Scranton, Pennsylvania. An initial investment by the county of $250,000 was followed by a second $250,000 in 2006.[18] The project drew criticism and media attention over the long production time and apparent lack of progress,[19] and the fact that the county did not protect its investment, which was carried out by county commissioners that were under indictment for corruption, with a completion bond.[20] The Trouble with Cali debuted February 21, 2012 at the Sedona Film Festival with former Lackawanna County commissioner Robert Cordaro listed as a producer only four weeks after his 11-year sentencing on public corruption charges.[21]
By March 2015, Sorvino had yet to strike a deal with a distributor for the film. He told local reporters that Lackawanna County would receive the first payouts if the film made money. "I'd like to see that money back myself, but first I want to see (Lackawanna County) paid," he said. "If it makes money, (Lackawanna County) makes money."[22] At that time, he said a Canadian company was interested in distributing the film, but would not give the name of the company. Days later he claimed the deal with this company fell through after negative publicity from the local paper.[23]
Filmography [ edit ]
Wikipedia is a hugely valuable resource, but the fact that it allows anyone and everyone to make edits to articles sometimes produces something uncomfortable — "edit wars," whereby the website's 77,000 editors fight it out to ensure their own edits come out on top.
Today MIT Technology Review points towards a fascinating new study from Oxford University's Taha Yasseri, Anselm Spoerri, Mark Graham, and János Kertész, who have produced an in-depth study of the article's most prone to "edit wars," the articles that are almost undoubtedly Wikipedia's most controversial.
The researchers used data not from the amount of edits, which could bring up fast-moving but uncontroversial topics, but the amount of "mutual reverts" — whereby one author completely removes another's edits by reverting to an older version of the entry, and the other author does vice versa. Other calculations were made to take into account the age of the article and weed out fights that were limited to two overzealous editors.
Below is a list of the most controversial articles in ten languages. The articles' titles either show their corresponding title on the English language Wikipedia, or the direct translation if there is no article on English language Wikipedia (these articles are italicized).
This chart shows English, German, French, Spanish, and Czech:
Yasseri T., Spoerri A., Graham M., and Kertész J., The most controversial topics in Wikipedia: A multilingual and geographical analysis. In: Fichman P., Hara N., editors, Global Wikipedia: International and cross-cultural issues in online collaboration. Scarecrow Press (2014).
This table shows the list for Hungarian, Romanian, Arabic, Farsi and Hebrew:
Yasseri T., Spoerri A., Graham M., and Kertész J., The most controversial topics in Wikipedia: A multilingual and geographical analysis. In: Fichman P., Hara N., editors, Global Wikipedia: International and cross-cultural issues in online collaboration. Scarecrow Press (2014).
Some of these seem logical, some a little less so. Here are some general takeaways from the list:
Scientologists have been stalking the corridors of power in Leinster House where they had a meeting with a TD.
The Irish Mirror can exclusively reveal the controversial Church of Scientology, which many view as a cult, was invited into Leinster House by Fine Gael's Colm Brophy.
The small business owner confirmed he hosted a delegation from the church, which ranks Hollywood A-lister Tom Cruise among its members.
Mr Brophy said he met representatives in September in his role as a public representative and talked with them “for around ten minutes” in the coffee dock area of Leinster House.
He added he would also talk to many people opposed to scientology coming into Dublin.
Mr Brophy said he meets representatives from many different organisations because it is important to hear diverse views and often from those with differing opinions to the mainstream.
The scientologists have established a church and community centre in Firhouse, which is in the politician's Dublin South-West constituency. They contacted all five TDs for the area for a meeting, but Fianna Fail's John Lahart, Sean Crowe of Sinn Fein, Solidarity's Paul Murphy and Children's Minister Katherine Zappone refused.
Mr Murphy has serious worries about the arrival of the secretive church in Ireland, claiming: “I am concerned they target vulnerable people.”
Mr Lahart has written to the Justice Minister through a Parliamentary Question outlining his fears.
(Image: Gareth Chaney Collins)
He said: “Their new centre in my constituency is adjacent to vulnerable communities, that would be my concern.”
Mr Crowe spoke of his worries over the scientologists' Christmas Wonderland experience when he appeared on RTE's Liveline with Joe Duffy earlier this week.
A spokesman for Ms Zappone told the Mirror she definitely did not meet with the church which, it is understood, has been met with some suspicion and hostility from parents and residents in the area.
Scientology has faced countless controversies over the years, from its claim mental illness doesn't exist, that they can cure autism with a €1,600 detoxification treatment, to rumours they believe in an extraterrestrial being named Xenu.
Their centre at Firhouse is currently lit up brightly for the festive season and they are offering a Christmas Wonderland experience with free admission for kids.
A spokesman for the church said they were not trying to influence Mr Brophy in any way.
He added: “It was a quick meeting. We came in and we said, ‘Here we are, this is what we do.' There was no agenda there.”
Obama VP speech to emphasize security theme at Dem Convention Nick Juliano
Published: Monday August 11, 2008
Print This Email This Update: VP speaker's theme shares name of Wes Clark PAC Perhaps it's just a coincidence, but Barack Obama's campaign and the Democratic Convention organizers seem like they might be dropping a big hint about who's going to grab the No. 2 spot on the ticket. The third night of the convention, Wednesday Aug. 27, will feature a prime-time speech from Obama's yet-to-be-named running mate. The day's theme is "Securing America's Future," which just so happens to be the name of Gen. Wesley Clark's Political Action Committee. An representative of the Obama campaign and Clark's PAC did not immediately respond to RAW STORY 's request for comment on whether this meant Clark would be the Democrat's potential vice president, but so far it seems to be mostly coincidence: For what it's worth, an aide to Gen. Clark could not restrain near-riotous laughter when asked if there was anything behind the connection.
"I don't think it's anything more than an interesting coincidence," the aide said in between convulsions. "It's just because his PAC was named so well!"
Still, it's not as though the party is randomly naming each day of the convention. The theme for Thursday, when Obama will speak, is the familiar-sounding "Change You Can Believe In." Coincidence or no, the Wednesday night theme has launched some speculation that Clark will show up on the ticket. A former NATO commander, Clark ran his own brief presidential campaign in 2004 and he remains popular among progressive activists. Observers see his national security credentials as a potential vital boost to the ticket. Clark also has shown himself to be a capable political combatant. He refused to cower earlier this summer when Republicans drummed up outrage over his observation that Republican nominee John McCain's experience as a shot-down fighter pilot turned Vietnam POW did not alone make him qualified to be Commander in Chief. Organizers of the Democratic National Convention on Monday announced themes and primetime speakers for each of the four days the party will gather to crown its nominee in two weeks. As Time magazine's Jay Newton-Small notes, the theme on Wednesday seems to suggest Obama will pick a running mate with strong national security credentials. The schedule also seems to eliminate the possibility that Hillary Clinton will be the next vice president. The former First Lady is slated for a prime-time speaking role on Tuesday night. The Politicker's James W. Pindell opines, "While they probably did not intend it this way, the Democratic National Committee just stated that New York Sen. Hillary Clinton will not be Barack Obama's pick for vice president." Pindell notes that the schedule's placement of Clinton on Tuesday and the veep pick on Wednesday inherently implies "[t]wo different people on two different nights. This does not preclude Obama from picking Clinton anyway though it would be a little odd that a convention he is essentially running on would reverse itself in such a dramatic way." "From Monday through Thursday, our Convention program will highlight the people of this country who want positive change and who believe Barack Obama is the leader who will listen to their concerns and get our country moving in the right direction again," said Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebilius, a co-chair of the convention who is considered a top candidate herself for the No. 2 spot on the Democratic ticket. The theme for the Aug. 25 opening night will be "One Nation," with a speech by Michelle Obama. The Aug. 26 theme is "Renewing America's Promise" with a speech by Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton, Barack Obama's chief rival for the presidential nomination. The theme for Aug. 28, the night Obama formally accepts the nomination, is "Change You Can Believe In." Obama will speak at the 75,000 seat Invesco Field in Denver, while the rest of the convention will take place in the nearby convention center. The convention organizing committee also announced Monday that it will be hosting an interactive town hall meeting to allow voters from around the country to submit text and videotaped questions to be answered during the convention. "As Barack Obama has said, this is not our Convention -- this is America's Convention," said Governor Howard Dean, Chairman of the Democratic National Committee. "And now, at a critical moment in our history, Americans will have their concerns addressed, challenges listened to and their questions answered live by our country's leaders. We want Americans to be at the center of this Convention, and 'America's Town Hall' will allow us to do just that." With wire reports
A view of the gym at the Troy Area Senior Services Center on Third St., on Monday, Dec. 4, 2017, in Troy, N.Y. (Paul Buckowski / Times Union) A view of the gym at the Troy Area Senior Services Center on Third St., on Monday, Dec. 4, 2017, in Troy, N.Y. (Paul Buckowski / Times Union) Photo: PAUL BUCKOWSKI, Albany Times Union Buy photo Photo: PAUL BUCKOWSKI, Albany Times Union Image 1 of / 18 Caption Close Rensselaer Counties to buy Italian center for new senior center 1 / 18 Back to Gallery
TROY – The Italian Community Center's Fifth Avenue building that once was a candidate to be City Hall will become the new site of Rensselaer County's Troy Area Senior Services Center.
County Executive Kathleen M. Jimino announced the county will buy the building with its ample onsite 108-spot parking lot at 1450 Fifth Avenue for $685,000 and relocate the senior center from its downtown location in the former Masonic Temple at 19 Third St.
“This is an excellent opportunity to move our senior services programming to a more suitable and efficient location that addresses our significant need for off-street parking for those seniors seeking the services we provide,” Jimino said.
The three-story Third Street building has the services center operation scattered throughout three floors reached by steep staircases and an elevator, making it hard for seniors to easily access activities.
“Additionally, the layout of the ICC will allow for the majority of our programming to be provided on the first floor,” the county executive said.
Troy City Council President Carmella Mantello proposed Monday that the county consider sharing the ICC building with the city. Mantello said she would like to see City Hall operations relocated there from the fifth floor of the Hedley Building at 433 River St. The city pays $330,000 to rent the space for City Hall, which has 75 employees. Mantello addressed her request to Assemblyman Steven McLaughlin, the county executive-elect.
“I don't believe there's room for both in the building,” Jimino said, adding that the senior center would take up nearly all the space.
The relocation to the ICC site, Jimino said, should help attract more senior citizens to the center. As downtown Troy has seen more people living and working around the current senior center, the county has seen participation in its programs drop because of difficulties in finding parking.
The purchase of the ICC is to go before the County Legislature for approval. At the same time, the county legislators will be asked to approve the sale of the present center at 19 Third St. for $575,000 to developer David Bryce. New office space is expected to be created when Bryce takes over the property.
Jimino said the county will transfer all of its current senior programs to the new location. She said the county also intends to work with the ICC organization to continue bocci leagues at the Fifth Avenue location. The county also would like to maintain the weekly soup kitchen that began at St. Mary's Church on Third Street, then relocated to ICC when the church closed.
The county expects to complete the purchase of the ICC building in early 2018.
Massive takedown of Aryan Brotherhood of Texas praised in Washington
Larry "Slick" Bryan said to be the top general of the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas. He is now serving 25 years in federal prison for racketeering and other crimes. He is described as being an "old school," gang member, where a "man's word is his word." He is described by authorities as an "old school" gang member, where a "man's word is his word." less Larry "Slick" Bryan said to be the top general of the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas. He is now serving 25 years in federal prison for racketeering and other crimes. He is described as being an "old school," gang ... more Photo: Texas Department Of Criminal Jus, TDCJ Photo: Texas Department Of Criminal Jus, TDCJ Image 1 of / 69 Caption Close Massive takedown of Aryan Brotherhood of Texas praised in Washington 1 / 69 Back to Gallery
Murders and mutilations, such as slicing the finger off a corpse as a souvenir or using a blow torch to burn a tattoo off a man's torso while he was still alive, were just some of the savagery uncovered during a yearslong probe of the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas.
All told, 73 members and associates of the race-based gang were sent to federal prison in a case that began in Houston in 2009 and culminated this week with U.S. Attorney Gen. Loretta Lynch recognizing a team of prosecutors, agents, police and a Texas Ranger for their efforts.
"You are safeguarding our neighborhoods and defending our communities," Lynch said during a Washington ceremony in which she spoke of the Texas group and others getting awards from the Department of Justice.
"You are protecting the American people from crime, from violence and from threats to our national security," she continued. "And you are working, every day, to ensure that our children grow up in a nation that guarantees opportunity, dignity and justice for all."
Others singled out by Lynch included the team that investigated the Ferguson Police Department following the shooting there of Michael Brown by an officer and those who took down the leader of the Silk Road online network for distributing illegal drugs.
The Department of Justice credited the investigation with dismantling the gang by taking down every high-ranking member. That included five generals, such as Steve "Stainless" Cooke, who once lived in Tomball. He is among six defendants handed life sentences in the case. At least 47 others got sentences of 10 or more years.
The gang was created in the Texas prison system in the 1980s as a way for white inmates to protect themselves from other gangs, and it drew in members, many of whom said they were simply looking for a way to survive their time behind bars. But as the gang grew, authorities said it became a predator itself, and its crimes spread from prison to the streets.
All the while it was steeped in white supremacist teachings. Dark tattoos, worn only by gang members, include Nazi-like emblems. The gang has its sacred numbers, codes and colors. Women have never been allowed to be members, although they have gone to prison as a result of their efforts to support the gang.
The gang, which demands membership for life and vows to punish betrayal with death, most often retaliates against those who have broken rules or who are suspected of being informants, according to numerous court files.
The Texas Department of Public Safety's 2015 Gang Threat Assessment puts its size on par with the Bloods and Crips, among others, but says it has been greatly impacted by an array of investigations.
While the gang engaged in drug trafficking, assaults and murder, most of the victims of violence noted in the federal case were members of the gang or its inner circle, according to court papers.
Among the gang's truly innocent victims has been Robert McCartney, a longshoreman who was kidnapped from a Walmart parking lot in Baytown by gang members in 2006. They wanted his 14-year-old truck for its parts for a ranking member of the gang to fix his own truck. McCartney was stripped nude and his throat slit. McCartney's body was left in a Liberty County soybean field.
"The honest civilian has every reason to fear this gang," Texas Ranger Brandon Bess has previously said. "Their tentacles reach out,"
The federal investigation seemed to plow through the gang by turning one member after another into witnesses for the government, meaning they would share what they knew about their crimes as well as those of others in bids for leniency.
All but one of the defendants chose to plead guilty. The one who stood trial was convicted.
Authorities had no greater prize than exAryan Brotherhood of Texas general Terry Sillers who agreed to cooperate against his former gang. The last time the world saw Sillers, he was on a Harley-Davidson motorcycle in 2011 and leading police near Fort Worth on a wild chase captured from above by a television news helicopter.
As the case wrapped up, a prosecutor told a judge that Sillers deserved every bit of leniency, as he had provided invaluable assistance throughout the probe, and had done more than any other defendant who offered to cooperate.
He noted that Sillers was a marked man by the gang – which considers helping law enforcement to be a death penalty offense – and that one of the men Sillers helped put away now has a neck tattoo of a hangman's noose with a caricature of Sillers.
"Mr. Sillers is going to have to deal with that," the prosecutor said.
Sillers, who sports the gang's initials ABT in a tattoo across his throat, confirmed aloud during his sentencing hearing last year that he's been kept in the federal government's secretive Witness Security Program, which provides protection for people who have significantly helped authorities take on drug cartels, terrorist and other criminal organizations.
He said he admired the gang when he joined in the 1980s while in prison and climbed the ranks. But with time came too much change, he said, noting that members were killing women as well as maiming and murdering their own.
"The guys had changed a lot and I was getting older," he told the judge. Sillers are sentenced to 10 years. His whereabouts are unknown.
Among the few who refused to cooperate with authorities is Jamie "Dutch" Loveall, of Houston, whose last known rank was major in the gang. He is serving 32 years.
"We aren't all a bunch of murdering racist savages as we are portrayed by many," Loveall said in correspondence with the Houston Chronicle. "I am not some cuddly or friendly type, but all I do ... has a reason behind it."
Loveall had a hand in at least two murders on behalf of the gang, according to court papers.
"I am not the most politically correct person you will ever hear from," he said. "I also accept that most people would not care if I did receive the death penalty or life as long as I was out of their society."
Among those recognized by the Department of Justice for their efforts against the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas:
Department of Justice Trial Attorney David Karpel, chief prosecutor
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives Senior Special Agent Richard Boehning, case agent
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives Houston Special Agent Allen Darilek
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives Intelligence Research Specialist Donna Gray
Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Texas Timothy Braley
Texas Ranger Brandon Bess
FBI Supervisory Special Agent William Scott O'Donnell
FBI Special Agent Keith Koncir
Deputy U.S. Marshal Justin Perusich
Homeland Security Investigations Special Agent Steven Cavitt
Homeland Security Investigations Special Agent Steven VanGeem
Carrollton Police Department Officer Steven Lair
Texas Department of Criminal Justice Office of the Inspector General, Criminal Investigator Joshua Lyons
Texas Department of Public Safety Criminal Investigations Division Lt. Devin R. Gonzales
Montgomery County Sheriff's Office Det. David Wells
A Benjamin in New York is not as sweet as one in Nebraska, according to recent analysis by the Tax Foundation.
That likely comes as little surprise to those of us living in cities like New York or Los Angeles, where the cost of living is traditionally higher than elsewhere. Now you can see, on a state-by-state basis, exactly what those differences look like.
Click to enlarge.Courtesy of Tax Foundation
California, New York, and New Jersey will sap your funds, while $100 gets you the most in areas such as Mississippi, South Dakota, and Arkansas.
The analysis comes from data compiled for the Bureau of Economic Analysis, which has been measuring the price differences between states for two years now. It recently released price data for 2013, and the Tax Foundation used the numbers to adjust the value on a $100 basis.
There are major disparities between regions. For instance, a person who earns $50,000 in Mississippi would have to get a pay raise of $18,000 if he or she moved to Washington, D.C., and wanted to maintain the same standard of living.
More expensive areas also offer higher salaries, partially to make up for the difference, as employers woo the best talent. However, it doesn't always work that way. Take a look at residents in California and Nebraska.
Click to enlarge.
They earn almost identical average salaries, but when adjusted for price parity (i.e. how far a dollar goes in each area), Nebraskan real incomes are almost $10,000 higher.
This disparity has wide-reaching effects, according to the Tax Foundation. Many federal policies, such as tax brackets and public benefits, are valued in dollars, meaning that national standards have starkly different regional consequences when it comes to what people can afford.
Canadian scientists may be on the verge of finding a cure for Ebola after an experimental drug "cocktail" apparently cured monkeys infected with the deadly virus.
In their recent study, all four of the monkeys promptly treated with the antibody-containing cocktail survived infection. The researchers said they could be ready to test the treatment on humans by 2014, according to io9.
Science magazine published the study on June 13 under the title "Successful Treatment of Ebola Virus–Infected Cynomolgus Macaques with Monoclonal Antibodies." The paper notes that all of the monkeys given the antibodies within 24 hours of exposure were cured, and that two of four monkeys who received the drug within 48 hours of Ebola exposure were cured.
“The antibodies slowed replication until the animals' own immune systems kicked in and completely cleared the virus,” Gary Kobinger, a medical microbiologist who led the study, told Nature.
The research was conducted at the National Microbiology Laboratory in Winnipeg, Canada.
"It's just remarkable that this treatment works. We're really excited about it," Dr. Frank Plummer of the Public Health Agency of Canada, said of the study, according to the Winnipeg Free Press.
The CDC has mapped outbreaks of the Ebola virus on the African continent since 1976. That year, the virus killed 280 people in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. In 1995, 250 people in Congo died from the virus, while an outbreak in Uganda in 2000 killed 224. As recently as 2007, another 187 Congolese died of the Ebola virus disease.
The Internet Age has sparked a remarkable wave of innovation and entrepreneurship. It has transformed the way we communicate ideas, tackle problems and offer new solutions. Oftentimes, the problems consist of overcoming obstacles put in place by governments.
Such is the case with ride-sharing services such as Uber, widely available, including from parts of Hunterdon County; Lyft, most locally in North Jersey; and SideCar, from eight regions in the U.S., on the East Coast in Boston and Washington, D.C.
Some in government, of course, don't like it when people find ways to sidestep their edicts. The special interests who benefit from those governmental directives don't like it, either.
All of which explains why governments and the taxi industry are trying to crack down on ride-sharing services.
As Uber and Lyft have grown in popularity in New Jersey, so has scrutiny from state regulators and taxi industry groups; the Limousine Association of New Jersey has led the charge to include these services in existing regulations.
The Virginia DMV decided to ban the services altogether, and recently sent cease-and-desist letters to Uber and Lyft. The cities of Las Vegas, Miami and Brussels have also banned the services.
Ride-sharing services have raised the ire of taxi drivers in the U.S. and Europe, in such cities as Los Angeles, Chicago, Las Vegas, London, Paris, Berlin, Madrid and Milan.
Cabbies realize that the added information, convenience, potential cost savings and safety that the technology provides to consumers is cutting in to their business.
They rightly note that ride-sharing services do not have to comply with some of the expensive regulations they do. But sympathy for traditional taxis must be tempered by the fact that this restrictive red tape was vigorously lobbied for by the taxi industry itself in order to keep out competition.
Instead of calling for the same anti-competitive laws to be placed on ride-sharing companies and drivers, they should advocate repealing the unnecessary burdens — this doesn't mean safety rules — they have placed on themselves.
But there have been some relative success stories, too. Colorado became the first state to authorize the ride-sharing services in legislation, albeit with some regulations attached.
After initial clashes between ride-sharing companies and the California Public Utilities Commission, California in September became the first state to regulate the services. The Golden State cannot resist its natural urge to foist more rules and regulations on businesses, however. Under Assembly Bill 2293, the state would increase its insurance requirements for ride-sharing drivers for periods between fares.
Consumers and investors love ride-sharing services. This is evidenced by the companies' growing popularity with customers and by Wall Street's judgment of the industry's value. After Uber's latest round of funding, the company is now valued at $18.2 billion.
As is often the case, those in government are harming consumers while claiming to protect them.
Ride-sharing companies already offer extensive safety protections such as criminal and driving record background checks, insurance requirements, vehicle inspections, customer rating systems and other measures — not because government requires them, but because they know customers value such protections and they must offer them to be profitable.
State and local governments should embrace innovative ideas and services such as ride-sharing that provide jobs and benefit consumers, rather than stifling them with endless regulations.
More Hunterdon County news: NJ.com/hunterdon • Facebook • Twitter
Imagine having the ability to engineer organs and tissue on demand, reducing the years long wait time many patients must go through to receive a transplant.
Or, a world where machines could instantly create a variety of medical materials to be used to streamline safety and efficacy testing, saving companies billions of dollars in research and development costs and reducing the need for experiments on animals and humans.
It might sound like something from a science fiction movie, but it's a future we may be moving towards due to innovations in the field of 3D bioprinting, according to a new report from market research firm IDTechEx.
3D bioprinting executes a similar process to traditional 3D printing—where 3D physical objects are created from a digital model on a layer-by-layer basis—except that live cell suspensions are utilized. This requires highly sterile printing conditions to maintain cell viability and higher printing resolution to place cells precisely to ensure the correct design and cell-to-cell distance. Multiple cell types have to be printed simultaneously to replicate complex tissues.
This scientific technique has been under investigation in academia for the past 15 years, with researchers exploring devices that could create a layer-by-layer deposition to form a final three-dimensional construct.
Commercialization of this technology first occurred almost 10 years ago, signaling the rise of a number of high profile partnerships. Many of these partnerships have occurred with Organovo, a startup using a proprietary three-dimensional technology. Organovo is working with a number of biopharmaceutical firms, including Roche, on ventures like assessing drug-induced toxicity on simulated liver tissue, and with L'Oréal to test potential product side -effects on artificial skin.
The basic production process of 3D printing breaks down into four steps: preparation, printing, maturation, and application. Users need to perform 3D imaging to construct the sample design, import the model into the bioprinter, enable cell adhesion to scaffold, and then wrap it up through testing and implementation.
Some of the breakthroughs within this field include the first biological material printed in 1987, the first extrusion printing of cells in 2002, and the first laser-based printing of cells in 2004. A number of several successful animal experiments followed this in 2016, when researchers replicated liver tissue in mice and blood vessels in rhesus monkeys.
The author of the IDTechEx report writes that this technology offers a variety of opportunities for people working in consumer products and drug discovery and development, but there are still a few hurdles that need to be overcome before the field can really mature into a multi-billion dollar business.
Here are a few highlights and challenges in the field outlined in the IDTechEx report.
Choosing the right material
The four primary materials associated with standard bioprinting production are inkjet, extrusion, laser-induced forward transfer (LIFT), and microvalve.
Inkjet offers high-dispensing speeds and high-printing resolution and could yield applications like high throughput screenings that require high droplet dispensing speeds. It's weakness involves a long-build time, nozzle clogging, and limited printed viscosities that may cause harm to cells.
Extrusion enables low cost, short-build time, and has an easy set up process. These features may help with printing large, medically relevant constructs in a short period of time, although there is increasing competition in the extrusion space, according to the IDTechEx report.
LIFT has similar strengths as its inkjet counterpart with high dispensing speeds and high printing resolutions with the ability to produce high viscosity material. However, it has the most expensive and time-consuming set-up process.
Microvalve is the newest addition to this field with no significant weaknesses. It's cheap and compatible with printing high viscosity material, but there is no commercial presence at this time.
Extrusion and inkjet are the more developed technologies, but LIFT may be viewed as the best in class, while microvalve bioprinters could grow in popularity.
Market applications
The R&D and medical spaces are where 3D bioprinting and 3D bioprinted tissues are the most dominant.
Manufacturing constructs resembling human tissues in form and function has enabled a better understand of biological processes. One area where this technology has made an impact is by eliminating animal testing in cosmetics and consumer goods.
However, the medical field is where synthetic tissue could have a strong impact, especially in the field of personalized and regenerative medicine.
Scientists could use this novel material to assess a patient's specific response to a certain drug, which could also provide flexibility in determining the optimal dosage. Plus, this might eliminate the need for a biopsy.
The IDTechEx report notes regenerative medicine is an area where 3D bioprinting could really take off, with skin and cartilage-based structures having the most potential.
Both of these biological components cannot easily perform self-repair due to the lack of blood supply, so synthetic options are the best options available for many patients. These vary from metallic implants for load-bearing bones and joints.
However, these inventions can be hindered by a wearing down of implant surfaces as well as degradation of mechanical performance over time.
Surgeons could use this next-gen material to lower the amount of time needed for patients to spend on the operating table, while giving the surgeon greater control over restoring the tissue.
Researchers could also potentially develop living replacement teeth that are in the exact shape as the ones that came before it, harness relevant cell types to model the complex 3D structure of skin to boost healing and patient outcomes, and even get precise and design small structures in the body's vascular system, like a heart valve.
Challenges ahead
Researchers and entrepreneurs still have a few obstacles in their way before this field can really flourish.
On the technical side, there is an emphasis needed for computer driven tools to offer a certain level of precision that allows for accuracy and reproducible placement of individual cells.
Also, printing high viscosity solutions has implications on cell density and mechanical structure so engineers will need to find structural support that is currently not available for 3D bioprinting technologies. Plus, there needs to be a solution for printing and maturing medically relevant structures in a reasonable time frame.
The primary issue on the biological side is that building an entire organ is still about a decade away even though smaller tissue constructs could be viable in restoring adequate organ function. Other obstacles that could be encountered include finding a cheap, cost-efficient method for ensuring the manufactured cells proliferate and mature into 3D cultured tissue.
Ultimately, refining these techniques and having regulatory agencies like the Food and Drug Administration and European Medicines Agency establish a regulatory framework to get these products approved could help the market value of 3D bioprinted tissue be worth about $1.4 billion by 2027.
Over the next month, R&D Magazine will highlight other advancements in the bio-electronic sector, giving a glimpse into future developments and devices changing human health.
APPLE COFOUNDER Steve Wozniak has slammed Apple's $1bn victory against Samsung, saying he wishes the two companies would just get along.
Last month, Apple won a $1bn victory against Samsung in court, after a jury ruled that the Korean firm infringed a number of patents held by the company. This ruling means that Samsung could be forced to remove many of its devices from US shelves, including the Galaxy S3 smartphone and Galaxy Note tablet.
While Apple applauded the decision, Steve Wozniak has slammed the US jury's verdict saying that he hopes it isn't upheld.
"I hate it," Wozniak said to Bloomberg. "I don't think the decision of California will hold. And I don't agree with it - very small things I don't really call that innovative.
"I wish everybody would just agree to exchange all the patents and everybody can build the best forms they want to use [with] everybody's technologies."
Making us wonder where his loyalties lie, Woz has also said that he hopes the Iphone 5 camera will be as good as the one on the Samsung Galaxy S3, which is his current smartphone of choice.
"A better quality on the pictures will mean a lot, because when I show people pictures on my Iphone 4 and my Galaxy S III, they always say the Galaxy S III, or even the Motorola Razr, pictures look better."
He will be getting an Iphone 5 though, and likely will queue for the device on launch day in traditional Woz fashion. He added, "I'd like to get a product, use it myself before I judge it and compare to others. I'd like to have it myself and tell what's good and bad about it." µ
— The Dodgers announced that the fourth annual LGBT Night at Dodger Stadium will take place on Friday, June 3rd at Dodger Stadium, when the Dodgers host the Braves at 7pm.
A special ticket package that includes a game ticket for June 3rd and a special edition Dodgers LGBT Tank Top is available for purchase online exclusively by visiting www.Dodgers.com/LGBT
LGBT Night at Dodger Stadium will feature a ceremonial first pitch by Robbie Rogers, a professional soccer player with the Los Angeles Galaxy and the first openly-gay professional soccer player.
Other scheduled special guests June 3 include: Michael Sam, former NFL player; Jason Collins, former NBA player; Julie Shaw, women's basketball head coach at the University of Laverne; Mitch Eby, former defensive end at Chapman University; E.J. Johnson, TV personality and reality TV star; Noah Galvin, who currently plays the role of Kenny O'Neal in the ABC sitcom “The Real O'Neals;” and Lance Bass, international recording artist.
“We are proud to work with so many incredible partners for our fourth annual LGBT Night at Dodger Stadium,” said Dodgers' Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer Lon Rosen.
“We are committed to providing a friendly environment to all who reflect the great community of which we are a part. The Dodgers, with a proud history of diversity, recognize the value of an inclusive environment,” Rosen added.
Fans will also be invited on the field at the conclusion of the game to watch fireworks.
(©2015 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Wire services contributed to this report.)
It's A Dog Town
The hot dog enjoys a renaissance in Los Angeles.
He's not alone. Los Angeles is in the midst of a hot dog renaissance, with a cluster of recent openings signaling a hunger for that most sentimental of meals: tender tubular meat in a bun covered with toppings, or naked except for mustard.
"That's the Rolls-Royce of hot dogs, right there," says Binder, who is better known as a comedian and director but whose passion for Detroit-style dogs has consumed him for the last year.
The combo soon comes out. It's a deluxe Coney dog nestled inside a Detroit loose burger (which is crumbled ground beef as opposed to a patty) in a freshly steamed bun, smothered with chili.
"Mickey, make me a combo, will ya?" yells Coney Dog owner Mike Binder at a grill cook from his table midway across his bustling West Hollywood restaurant. Then he flashes a broad grin. "I've been waiting my whole life to have a restaurant, just so I could do that."
Like the burger before it, and in tandem with the current German sausage craze, the hot dog has gone gourmet, with restaurants taking it seriously enough to dream up all kinds of wild combinations. In addition to the tried-and-true, like Pink's and Tommy's dogs, diners can now nosh on the Sooo Cali at Dog Haus in Pasadena, which waters mouths with mixed greens, chopped tomatoes, tempura-fried onions, house-made spicy basil aioli and avocados; or the Vegan Weena, on the new hot dog menu at North Hollywood's Federal Bar, which is a meatless dog topped with chipotle, avocado, cilantro cream and tropical fruit salsa. Then there's the Picnic Dog at Pasadena's Slaw Dogs, which tops a humble grilled dog with barbecue sauce, onion, potato salad and a crisp pickle spear.
The purists also have a seat at the beefy banquet, with places like Coney Dog, Papaya King and Hollywood's Township Kitchen Americana & Saloon paying reverent homage to Detroit, New York and Chicago-style dogs.
The first two go so far as to ship in all their ingredients from Detroit and New York in order to replicate their favored dogs as closely as possible. Binder even had a machine custom-made in Detroit that steams the buns from all directions so that they become as soft as marshmallows and just as mild in flavor.
Easy sell
The raison d'etre for the recent boom, say wiener enthusiasts, is twofold, and butterflied in the same bun: economics and tradition. The recession is making diners search for value without losing flavor (see the recent food truck boom), while at the same time causing them to go gooey for the traditions of their simpler youth, which, if you were raised in America, were likely wrapped up in hot dogs at some point or another. And Los Angeles, according to the National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, is the country's No. 1 consumer of hot dogs, beating out New York City and San Antonio/Corpus Christi.
"In this economy, people want to go back to their roots and have fun," says Andre Vener, who opened Dog Haus a year ago with partners Hagop Giragossian and Quasim Riaz. The original 55-seat restaurant was such a success (seating 600 to 800 people a day) that they just opened a second location, the Dog Haus Biergarten in Old Town Pasadena, which, in addition to beer, features handcrafted cocktails and an '80s party theme. Soon they plan to open a third location in Alhambra.
At Dog Haus, as with most hot dog places, you can get a hot dog, fries or tater tots and a classic soda for less than $10. And you'll leave full. The juicy all-beef dogs come in thick, buttery-sweet King's Hawaiian rolls and are smothered with ingredients. Sauces zigzag in fat lines across the top of most, and melty cheese and onions are plentiful.
Lynne Rowe, owner of the Constance Creek Wildlife Refuge, says her herd of goats can use more than the approximately 30 trees donated each year. (CBC News) Goats and elk in the Ottawa area would be more than happy to strip the needles and bark off your used Christmas trees, local farmers say.
"They strip it right down; all of the needles and all of the bark will be totally stripped away," says Lynne Rowe, owner of the Constance Creek Wildlife Refuge in Dunrobin, Ont., just west of Ottawa.
Her herd of 13 goats can strip about three trees each day, she says. The refuge typically gets about 30 trees donated per year, but they'd like more.
"It's healthy for them; they get all excited about the trees coming in. They run to the trees instead of their hay, which gets boring, and it provides them with lots of nutrients and lots of flavour, and the goats prefer to eat off trees than off the ground," Rowe says.
"They can certainly put away more than the 30 trees we usually get. As many trees as get dropped off we're able to make use of."
Thom Van Eeghan, owner of the Elk Ranch in Kanata, says about 50 to 60 trees are donated each year. (CBC News) ​Thom Van Eeghan, who owns the Elk Ranch in Kanata, has been giving donated Christmas trees to his herds of elk for about five years.
"Yeah, it is a treat. It's something to change their diet because they've eaten most of the greenery around at their level, so this is something they can forage," he says.
The ranch gets about 50 to 60 trees each year, and they encourage families to come through to see the elk and drop off used trees.
Bechdel Test Movie List /bech·del test/ n. 1. It has to have at least two [named] women in it 2. Who talks to each other 3. About something besides a man
Stats
There are 8052 movies in the database, 4640 (57.6%) of which pass all three tests, 817 (10.1%) pass two tests, 1781 (22.1%) pass one test and 814 (10.1%) pass no tests at all.
A total of 14042 comments are available for 6517 movies, and there are 359 links to reviews available, for 235 movies.
Graphs
Another way to view the data from the above graph is in horizontal bars, which gives better insight in the exact number of matches per test per year.
To give an idea of how active the site is, the next graph shows the number of movies added to the list, per month.
Tech
The data is stored in a MySQL database and served using a CGI::Application Perl script. An API is available.
Back to the list.
Privacy policy
HOUSTON - Starting Sept. 2, all Houston city parks will be smoke-free, and those who don't follow the new rules could face a hefty fine.
City leaders said the dramatic change is needed to protect the public's health and improve the parks.
"It's to make them cleaner, to make them healthier and to make them safer," Parks and Recreation Director Joe Turner said.
The Downtown Houston Public Library has long banned smoking within 25 feet of the entrance, but people still gather to smoke outside of that distance. The new rules mean no smoking is allowed anywhere on library property.
Smoker Chris Crawford said he disagrees with the policy change.
"If I'm away from door, standing in open air smoking, I think I should be left alone and they shouldn't tell me I can't smoke here. I think that's wrong," Crawford said.
At Memorial Park, golfers who sometimes enjoy a cigar on the course said they'll adjust.
"I guess that's not going to bother me that much if we can't do that out here because that's the rule and probably helpful for everybody, so I'll have to make a change in behavior," Mike Wing said.
Park and library staff will enforce the ban, but said they will call Houston police if necessary. Violators will be asked to leave the property and could face a fine of up to $2,000.
Copyright 2014 by Click2Houston.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
If you are not a child, don't have a child, or don't know anyone with kids, there's a chance you've never heard of a Hatchimal, the must-have toy for Christmas this year.
Allow me to introduce you: the Hatchimal is a plush little robot that comes trapped in a sealed, football-sized plastic egg. As soon as you take it out of its packaging, it comes to life — you can see its eyes glow through the shell, and hear it make cooing sounds. After you warm it up, move it around, and knock on the shell (and it knocks back), the Hatchimal starts to peck its way free with its spring-loaded beak. And then it asks you to play.
With Hatchimals, Spin Master, the Toronto-based company behind the toys, has had a surprise hit. They sold out (at $59.99 MSRP) almost as soon as they reached shelves in October of this year. Smart parents smelled the oncoming craze and snagged one early. Evil geniuses, like the Zappa brothers from Arizona, cashed in on the hype by stockpiling Hatchimals (before stores started limiting sales to one per customer) then reselling them for more than $150 a pop on eBay. Evil un-geniuses, like the woman who wrote *Water for Elephants*, bet tens of thousands of dollars on aftermarket Hatchimals in hopes of flipping them for even higher prices, only to run up against the new restrictions placed on the toys by resale sites.
A plush robot that comes trapped in an egg
Spin Master has become one of the major players in the toy industry since its founding in the mid-'90s. On the one hand, they create blockbuster TV show tie-ins (like the PAW Patrol line of canine first responders) and buy up vintage brands like Erector Set and Etch A Sketch. On the other, they build complicated, technical toys for older kids like Air Hogs, a line of flying toy planes and helicopters, and the voice-activated Zoomers menagerie, some of the most advanced toy robots on the market. Hatchimals are the ingenious combination of those two worlds — innovative tech combined with an interface and look designed to appeal to younger kids.
The signature design element is (per the name) the act of hatching. Some Spin Master employees who worked on the project have said that the whole toy was inspired by the freakish popularity of unboxing videos for kids on YouTube — children apparently love watching other kids or adults opening new toys and playing with them, so here's a toy that can actually unbox itself.
However David McDonald, one of the dedicated designers on Spin Masters' advanced concepts team that came up with the Hatchimal idea, says that the toy's origin story is a little less cynical.
“I had always wanted to do something that hatches,” McDonald says. “I always thought that Tamagotchi had dropped the ball — they had a neat idea, but never took it any further, into the real world.”
While researching a whole slate of designs based on biomimicry, McDonald says he saw how a toy could break its way free from an imitation egg: it needed to spin around inside, and then peck like crazy. That presented a materials challenge — how to make an eggshell that a robot could slowly chip its way out of, like a baby chick poking its way out. The team eventually came up with a design that mimics the way that a real egg breaks, piece by piece, by finding the right mix between brittle and bendy plastic, and building a band of structural weaknesses inside of the egg.
But this early Hatchimal was a very different beast. Following the bird biomimicry line of logic, McDonald was trying to come up with a Hatchimal that could actually fly, drawing on Spin Master's expertise with its flying Air Hogs.
But if this toy was hatching out of its own egg, he thought, then that meant it was a baby. And what do babies do? They cry, they play, they babble, they grow — they need nurturing. So the early-stage Hatchimal lost its functional wings (they still have cute little stubs) and started to get bigger, to be able to fit all the sensors and motors inside necessary to make a lovable, interactive, playful robot pet.
Here's a toy that can unbox itself
“The mechanism is an odd thing, and takes up a lot of space,” McDonald says. “The character has to power itself to rotate in the egg and peck, and then when you pull it out it has to engage the wheels and start flapping.”
By the time they jammed that all in, they had a roughly Furby-sized chunk of whirring plastic and light-up eyes. But if the point is to get kids to take care of the thing, it has to be adorable and cuddly. Or, as McDonald sees it, a little pathetic.
“We really just draped some fabric over the mechanism, but I think it actually came out brilliant,” McDonald says. Counterintuitively, even though they tested out different levels of plushness, they ended up settling on a shorter, somewhat gnarlier covering for their robot, and designed the eyes to have a slightly sad, worried-looking cast. Even the way it moves when fresh out of the egg is meant to seem helpless and a little lost. “When I look at the poor thing, I want to pick it up,” McDonald says. “It's like a newborn, and, like a baby, it doesn't matter if it's really ugly — you gave birth to it, so you instantly love it.”
“When I look at the poor thing, I want to pick it up.”
To make it seem like it's truly coming to life in your arms, the team also integrated a secret on switch into the packaging, based on an idea that came from Spin Master's Hong Kong design team. To remove it from the cardboard and plastic case it's sold in, you have to take out a few pegs from the bottom of the egg — as soon as they're out, the Hatchimal's eyes light up and it starts speaking through the shell.
“We didn't really think about what it would end up being ahead of time,” McDonald says. “It just sort of appeared as we got deeper into the project.”
On paper, the Hatchimal's design seems too ambitious for its own good. There's the IP problem — no one knew what a Hatchimal was before this year, and kids weren't already smitten with the characters. Then there's the “blind pack” problem — putting your toy inside an opaque egg is a proven “collect ‘em all” tactic for smaller items, but a $60 (and up) toy that you can't actually see could deter casual shoppers. And worst of all, there's the battery life problem — if a Hatchimal sits around on a shelf for a year, there's a chance its batteries will kick the bucket before the toy has a chance to come to life.
“It doesn't matter if it's really ugly — you gave birth to it, so you instantly love it.”
“There were so many reasons not to do it,” McDonald says. But the shelf life of batteries stops being a problem if your product flies off the shelves.
The intense demand and booming secondary market for Hatchimals has prompted some to wonder if the toy's scarcity is also by design, and speculate that Spin Master is manipulating the supply precisely to drive parents insane. But Sandra Shatilla, the marketing director for the company's robotics unit, insists that that's a bug, not a feature. More shipments will keep coming in through January.
And if you can't wait, you can watch other people take their Hatchimals out of the box, cuddle with it, and see it hatch in their arms — naturally, these things are pretty popular on YouTube.
Asahi Soft Drinks is setting up 1,000 new vending machines in five regions around Japan this month, with a goal of expanding the number to 10,000 within five years.
The vending machines are fitted with technology enabling smartphone users who are standing within a 50m radius to enjoy free access to the internet.
Users will not need passwords or payment to access the WiFi and will be able to enjoy uninterrupted internet access for 30 minutes sessions at a time.
Japan is home to the world's highest concentration of vending machines, with as many as one for every 24 people across the country, according to the Japan Vending Machine Manufacturers' Association.
The nation's vending machines, which mostly sell hot and cold drinks, are not only plentiful but also high-tech, with a growing number boasting the latest technology.
The new WiFi vending machines are the latest in a growing selection of innovative models which are appearing on street corners and railway platforms across the country.
Tokyo is already home to a number of touch screen vending machines which use facial recognition technology to anticipate the needs of the customer.
The technology fitted into the machines enable it to identify the gender and age bracket of the consumer, before recommending an appropriate drink from its available selection.
Meanwhile, Ito En, the Japanese tea company, is also planning to introduce eco-friendly vending machines this month, installing around 200 devices which consume 30 per cent less electricity than conventional power-saving models, according to the Nikkei.
Will Noble
4G Mobile Coverage On The Tube From 2019
The days of losing phone signal between tube stations could soon be behind us.
TfL has announced that from 2019, 4G mobile coverage will be rolled out across the London Underground network.
The news comes following a successful technology trial on the Waterloo & City line, in September 2017. All four major mobile network operators (Vodafone, O2, Three and EE) participated in the design of the trial.
Many of the world's major metro systems — including Seoul, Berlin, Shanghai, Tokyo — already enjoy full mobile coverage. But although London has offered Wi-Fi to its passengers on a number of tube platforms and tickets areas since 2012, it lags behind when it comes to comprehensive coverage. That's due, in part, to smallness of its tunnels, and the expense of such a project.
TfL's announcement, though, suggests the network is finally facing its technical demons.
London's Chief Digital Officer, Theo Blackwell, said: "This is a brilliant initiative and part of our work to improve connectivity at home, in our high streets, public spaces and across the transport network. TfL's innovation shows we can make a real difference and benefit Londoners through using city-wide public assets in a smarter way, starting with the tube."
TfL will begin tendering for a service provider in 2018. It has not yet been confirmed which tube lines — or track between consecutive stations — will be first to benefit from the technology, although roll out will be gradual.
Rather than cast a ballot for his party's presidential nominee, Gov. Larry Hogan wrote-in his father's name, aides said late Tuesday.
Although Hogan disavowed Donald Trump during the primary and flatly said in June he would not vote for him, he would not reveal what he would do in the voting booth.
Hogan's spokesman Douglass V. Mayer said in a statement that “As he has said for many months, the governor is extremely disappointed in the candidates from both major parties and decided to write in the name of the person who taught him what it meant to hold public office with integrity, his father, Larry Hogan Sr.”
Hogan's father, who is now 88, was a congressman in the Watergate era and earned notoriety for being the only Republican on the House Judiciary Committee to vote to impeach President Richard Nixon.
Maryland's governor was among many high-profile Republicans to reject the party's nominee.
Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker told reporters he left the presidential field blank for the first time in his life.
Former President George W. Bush and his wife, Laura Bush, also did not vote for either major party nominee.
Hogan's write-in vote for his father will have the same effect as not voting at all. Jared DeMarinis, director of candidacy and campaign finance for the Maryland Board of Elections, said non-registered write-in candidates get counted generically as votes for "other" candidates and are not individually tallied.
Democrat Hillary Clinton was expected to win big Maryland, where Democrats outnumber Republicans by a more than a two to one margin. The Associated Press called the race in Maryland for Clinton shortly after polls closed Tuesday night.
Hogan enjoys high approval ratings in the Democrat-dominated state and never embraced his party's controversial nominee. He had to be pressed by reporters for months to say whether he planned to vote for Trump. In June, Hogan said definitively he would not cast a ballot for Trump or Clinton, but as recently as a few weeks ago said he still had not decided what to do.
When Sony's PSP first appeared on TV ads prior to its launch, it was advertised as a online gaming device that would bring people together.
… who would have thought that Sony's interpretation of online gaming device means less than 10 online playable games in its whole lifetime… (talking about fail product placement here)
To bring that bit of extra fun that online gaming is to more titles… Team PRO has built the scene a own alternative online gaming network, with a tiny bit more than just 10 supported titles.
It goes by the name of Prometheus, is funded by linkbucks ads as well as community donations, and promises to blow new life into your old games.
The History
Playing adhoc games online for free has been a promised but often delayed upcoming feature by Team PRO for a long time…
Originally scheduled to come in a firmware update, the PRO-C revision, this feature was made available as a set of separate plugins, due to the complexity of the code and the torrent of updates required to keep this network up and running in a working way.
Since the initial beta release, only supporting God Eater Burst, a lot of things have changed, allowing a lot more titles to become playable…
The Requirements & Limitations
Like every other plugin out there, this one has a few requirements one has to fulfill before being able to take their games online.
The biggest limitation in that list is that a 2g+ PSP model is required, as online tunneling of adhoc data requires a bit more RAM than 1g PSPs can provide.
The full list of requirements isn't long, which makes Prometheus a great alternative to Xlink-Kai or other known VPN software on the market.
2g+ PSP Model required
WLAN Router with DMZ (aka. Exposed Host or Standard Server) support required (alternatively, the experimental UPnP plugin can be used at the cost of reduced game compatiblity)
Atleast one public IPv4 address required (who would of guessed that… duh.)
The Technical Background
For those that aren't interested in the inner workings of Prometheus, please skip to the next headline as this part is mostly interesting to developers or those that want to have a better understanding of what goes on behind closed curtains.
Sony equipped their PSPs with a WLAN adapter capable of working in Infrastructure Client Mode as well as Adhoc Peer or Host Mode, of course, you can never mix those two modes at the same time… and as Infrastructure Client Mode is required to access the Internet… and Adhoc Peer or Host Mode is required to play adhoc games… this needed a bit of dirty magic to get adhoc games internet play compatible.
I'm positive every reader of wololo.net knows what a emulator is and most likely used one before in their life, be it to play NES games or some other ROM from a different game system.
Prometheus itself, is a emulator as well, as it simulates a set of libraries. In this case, the flash0 modules…
memab.prx
pspnet_adhoc_auth.prx
pspnet_adhoc.prx
pspnet_adhocctl.prx
pspnet_adhoc_matching.prx
… which take care of adhoc game data transfer, peer finding and game-group-assembly.
Each of those modules serves a special purpose in the PSPs firmware… pspnet_adhocctl.prx creates the network (wires the PSPs together physically), pspnet_adhoc.prx sends the data once the PSPs were wired by pspnet_adhocctl.prx and pspnet_adhoc_matching.prx provides a wrapping library to make group creation easier for game developers.
pspnet_adhoc_auth.prx is a cryptocraphy layer, which on original PSP firmware encrypts the adhoc data before sending it… memab.prx helps in this job and both are dummied in Prometheus as we have no need for encrypting adhoc game traffic.
The Emulator Setup
Of course you, as normal end users wish to take this thing online asap, so lets show you how that can be done.
It's fairly simple in fact as everything you need is directly linked and visible on the server homepage pro.coldbird.uk.to.
First of all, you need to unlock the extra 32MB RAM from your 2g+ PSP model, sadly… current release builds of PRO CFW can't unlock that memory in official Sony games (aka. UMD / ISO) so you will need to grab and install the latest PRO CFW Nightly Build on your PSP first.
Once that is done it's as easy as counting 1-2-3~ following the instructions below.
Open the PRO CFW Recovery Menu and navigate to the “Advanced” menu.
Set Memory Stick Speedup to None, Inferno & NP9660 Use ISO Cache to Disabled and Unlock Memory in PSP Games (Breaks Homescreen) to Enable.
Unpack the latest release of the Prometheus Online Client to your PSP and enable the atpro.prx plugin in game.txt like you would with any other plugin.
(If you aren't going to use UPnP, but go with the more stable DMZ option please delete pspnet_miniupnc.prx from the kd folder!)
(If you aren't going to use UPnP, but go with the more stable DMZ option please delete pspnet_miniupnc.prx from the kd folder!) Open your Router Configuration Page, add a DHCP IP Reservation for your PSP MAC and configure the reserved IP as your router's DMZ / Exposed Host / Standard Server.
Add a Infrastructure Profile for your Router on your PSP and write down your router's SSID (the network name).
Write the SSID (network name) into seplugins/hotspot.txt and save the file.
For DMZ setup, you are best of reading the manual that came bundled with your router.
As a alternative, those instructions can be simplified a bit by enabling UPnP on your router and NOT deleting pspnet_miniupnc.prx from the kd folder.
However taking this route results in several games malfunctioning.
Either way… after you've followed the instructions above, you will be ready to take your adhoc enabled games online!
For a list of verified – aka. proven to be working online – titles please visit the forums at http://forum.coldbird.uk.to.
The compatiblity list can be found in the Online Server -> Compatiblity List subforum.
Handling PRometheus after Setup
So how does playing online work?
Generally it's always the same thing…
Visit pro.coldbird.uk.to to see how many other players are currently playing the game you wish to play. Simply start your game with atpro.prx enabled in game.txt and play the game as if you would play a normal adhoc match, however this time around Prometheus will make sure your PSP can see people that you could normally not reach. Enjoy your games, online!
In addition to that… when being connected to other players, you can press the Home Button to bring up a ingame chat menu to talk to your companions!
Now if that ain't cool then I don't know what is.
Screenshots and Videos showcasing Prometheus
To give this so far rather textual blog post some color, here is what you can expect from Prometheus.
Conclusion
While the general opinion might differ, I think that with Prometheus at our fingertips, supporting more and more games with every new update, PSP might just have a good chance of staying alive for quite a while longer.
Furthermore… with the recent shutdown of several PSP game server machines owned by EA as well as Sega's habit of shutting down old servers when new products are released Prometheus might become a even more important token in keeping the PSP gaming system alive than it already is.
~ Coldbird
1537 7th Street, NW
Via carrier pigeon:
“Ivy and Coney, located at 1537 7th St NW in historic Shaw, is proud to introduce the most important pop-up bar of the year, nay, in history, the amazing “Chai-vy and Cohen-y” Hanukkah Bar. From December 1st through New Year's Eve of the year 5778 (that's now, for all of you gentiles out there), the Manischewitz shall flow, the dreidels shall spin, latkes shall be eaten. Guests can expect a winter wonderland of awe-inspiring decorations created for the 132nd most important holiday of the Jewish calendar, Hanukkah.
There may have been a miracle on 34th street, there may be aerial caribou bulking up for their annual appearance, and there may even be some major conifer deforestation. But, let's not forget one key thing: before the boy born in the manger grew up to make furniture and miracles, he celebrated 8 WILD NIGHTS each December with us!
In honor of our holiday that lasts 8 times longer than Christmas AND involves actual fire (not just some wimpy string lights*), we've added delicious homemade potato latkes, matzoh ball soup, Manischewitz's finest kosher wines, slivovitz (plum brandy), schnapps and maybe even a selection of He'Brew's finest beers to the menu.
Each night we will be lighting the menorah for the Festival of Lights (December 12th through the 20th) and will be enjoying all the chocolate gelt, great gift giveaways (oh yes, fellow MOT, there will be socks) and the most epic dreidel spinning competition this side of the Dead Sea. Competitors will go head to see who can keep the dreidel spinning the longest in our brand new Spinagogue™. Sign up before the 20th to see if you can beat competition favorites The Geltway Ganiff and Shlomo Shun 4 Me.
Most importantly, we will be unleashing the Kraken (sorry, it is treif) on the city in the form of our custom-made shot menorah. Standing two feet tall and a whopping sixteen feet long, the ShotNorah (patent pending probably) is designed for the enjoyment of nine guests at a time. Revelers may choose from a variable collection of classic spirits and holiday favorites to put in their flavor snouts. What more can we say? It's gonna be a great time.
L'Chaim!
Schedule of Events
December 1st-Opening Party
December 12th First day of Hanukkah, candle lighting,1st gift for all guests
December 13th 18th Second through Seventh days of Hanukkah, candle lighting, gifts, raffles
December 19th Last Day of Hannukah, dreidel spinning competition, great gifts, prizes and fun!
December 25th Bar closed out of respect for the holiest of holies, Chinese Food and Movie Day
December 31st Finish off all of the gelt, schnapps, latkes and matzoh ball soup and bring in the new year!
P.S. Due to the sacrilegious nature of the bar, all complaints may be sent to [email protected] All media requests may be sent to [email protected]
*due to safety precautions, we will be using wimpy string lights and not ACTUAL fire, but the sentiment remains.”
Exactly three weeks after the Nov. 1 shooting at Los Angeles International Airport, travelers who heard the loud boom of a car crash outside the airport thought they heard gunfire and evacuated the airport. At the same time in another terminal, police responded to anonymous call about a man with a gun, a report that turned out to be false. Airport operations slowly went back to normal after police cleared the terminals. Beverly White reports for the NBC4 News at 11 p.m. Friday, Nov. 22, 2013. (Published Saturday, Nov. 23, 2013)
At the same time the sound of a car crash scared passengers into thinking shots were fired at Los Angeles International Airport Friday, travelers in another terminal were evacuated and thousands of flights were delayed after a false report of a man with a weapon, airport officials said.
Police received a call about 7:30 p.m. of possible shots fired, but upon investigation realized the loud noise of a multiple-car crash outside a parking structure between Terminal 4 and Terminal 5 incited a panic, LAX Police Sgt. Ortiz told NBC4.
After hearing the crash, travelers began to evacuate the airport on their own, Ortiz said. No shots were fired at the airport, he said.
"Part of that (reaction), we believe, is some hypersensitivity to what occurred on Nov. 1, three weeks ago," said LAX Police Chief Patrick Gannon during a news conference outside the airport.
He was referring to shooting in which a lone gunman opened fire near Terminal 3, killing a TSA officer and wounding four others.
Aerial video Friday showed officials investigating what appeared to be a wrecked SUV or van on the curb near a parking structure.
About 8:20 p.m., crowds could be seen gathered outside as police evacuated Terminal 4 and Terminal 5 after an anonymous caller reported a man with a weapon was at Gate 45, airport officials said.
At least 2,000 passengers either left the airport on their own or were evacuated by airport police, LAX officials said.
About 4,600 arriving and departing travelers were impacted by the incidents, officials said. Delta Air Lines (Terminal 5) and American Airlines (Terminal 4) reported a total of 60 delayed flights but no cancellations.
Police found no weapon and cleared both terminals for people to return inside just before 9 p.m.
Flight operations in Terminal 4 were disrupted as police cleared the airport, and slowly resumed as passengers were screened by security and returned to their gates, officials said.
Ambulances could be seen lining the roadway in the pick-up and drop-off area of the airport.
Expand the key pledges below or read about the plans in more detail in our FAQ .
Thanks to everyone who wrote to Historic England in support of our stadium plans.
BOOST OUR LOCAL ECONOMY
Research estimates that a new community stadium will provide a total annual financial injection to the area of £12.7 million. The club's long term vision for the stadium is closely aligned with the council's economic development strategy for Merton.
REVITALISE A NEGLECTED AREA
The plans will develop a large currently rundown site on Plough Lane and act as a catalyst to improve the whole area. The plans include not only a stadium but also 600 residential units, car parking, retail and commercial space, a leisure club and other facilities.
COACH AND EDUCATE CHILDREN
A new stadium will enable AFC Wimbledon to extend its sports participation projects. 14 dedicated youth coaching personnel currently provide 900 contact hours a season in After School Clubs, Saturday Football Club and Holiday Football Courses.
EXTEND AWARD-WINNING COMMUNITY SCHEMES
AFC Wimbledon has prioritised community work since it was founded. It was given a Big Society Award by the Prime Minister in 2012 in recognition of this. A new base in the borough will allow the club to expand the scope of these schemes still further.
SECURE THE FUTURE OF WIMBLEDON'S FOOTBALL CLUB
Four Tyco BMW race bikes were stolen from a van outside a Premier Inn near the National Exhibition Centre following Motorcycle Live last night.
Thieves broke into a Tyco BMW transporter and stole four bikes, including Ian Hutchinson's treble-winning Superstock machine and Christian Iddon's British Superbike. The other bikes stolen are a Guy Martin S1000RR and Iddon's Superstock test bike, which is the only one of the four bikes not in Tyco livery.
The theft took place at Premier Inn Birmingham NEC/Airport, Northway, National Exhibition Centre between the hours of 10.30pm on Sunday and 6.30am on Monday. The suspects are understood to have driven away in a white Transit van.
The team are asking for anyone who may have seen anything suspicious in the area or with any other information that could lead them to the whereabouts of the machines to contact them direct on 082 8674 8097 or to get in touch with West Midlands Police on the 101 number and ask for PC Shaw.
TOP STORIES
“We put our heart and soul into motorcycle racing and these bikes have real sentimental value,” said team boss Phillip Neill. “For this to happen is just devastating, especially as the bikes were only at Motorcycle Live so race fans could see them up close and personal.”
Full info on the four stolen bikes can be found below:
Ian Hutchinson's treble winning Superstock specification Tyco BMW S1000RR – that won races at the NW200, Isle of Man TT and Ulster Grand Prix as well as finishing second in the British Superstock Championship in Tyco BMW livery.
Christian Iddon's Tyco BMW S1000RR British Superbike – complete with very exclusive Suter Swingarm in Tyco BMW livery
Guy Martin's Isle of Man TT Tyco BMW S1000RR Superbike – in Tyco BMW livery
Christian Iddon's Tyco BMW S1000RR Superstock test bike – in plain white livery
Looking for the perfect two-wheeled companion? Visit MCN Bikes For Sale website or use MCN's Bikes For Sale App.
Davutoğlu asks Putin: What if Turkey had been bombing in Ukraine?
ANKARA
AA Photo
Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu has attempted to justify the shooting down of a Russian military aircraft by addressing a hypothetical question to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Indicating that the Russian leadership would have had to take a similar move if Turkey had become militarily involved in the Ukrainian crisis in the past, Davutoğlu called on Putin to “empathize” with Turkey.The incident did not take place on the Turkey-Russia border, Davutoğlu said Dec. 8, referring to the Nov. 24 downing of a Russia warplane by the Turkish Armed Forces (TSK) on the Syrian-Turkish border.“The incident did not take place on the Russia-Syria border either because there is no such border. The incident took place on the Turkey-Syria border and it happened within a framework which directly involves Turkey and Turkey's strategic interests,” Davutoğlu said, while addressing a parliamentary group meeting of his ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP).“Turkey has been experiencing various problems on the border with Syria in the last five years. I'm calling on Putin for empathy from here,” he said. “Russian leaders should imagine something like this: if we had bombed places in eastern Ukraine which had kinship relations with Russia, like the kinship relation we have with the Bayırbucak Turkmens, by agreeing to a call by the state of Ukraine by also violating Russian airspace, exactly as Russia claims that it agreed to a call by the state of Syria, I wonder what would Putin think and do,” he said.“The matter which Russia should understand is that the venue is the Turkey-Syria border; those beyond the border are our siblings and protecting their rights is our duty, just like protecting our border is our duty,” he said.Turkey claims the recent Russian bombardments in Syria have not targeted the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) but the Turkmen minority in the north of the country.Turkey said it shot down the Russian plane after it violated its airspace despite repeated warnings. The Russian plane crashed in northern Syria and a crew commander, Oleg Peshkov, was killed by Turkmen groups while descending with a parachute. Russia denies the violation claim and has since slapped economic sanctions on Turkey.Davutoğlu, meanwhile, also said Turkey had discussed possible measures against Russia and would impose sanctions if needed, while underlining that Ankara remained open to talks with Moscow. The possible measures were discussed at a cabinet meeting held on Dec. 7, he said.The prime minister said his government is ready for all kinds of discussions with Russia but would never be dictated to.
+ The science behind video games Games When the phrase ‘video game' is mentioned, a lot of people tend to think, that this is a scientific discovery of the recent past, the 80s … +
+ The Many Worlds of Games Games it is no surprise that video games have become such a lucrative business, with more and more people indulging in this hobby by themselves or with … +
+ Risks of Gaming Like any other industry that invests massive amounts of money, there are a number of risks involved in games, from both the consumer's and developer's point … +
+ Games as a Business Games Games, like movies, need to go through a process of conceptualization, design and delivery of the final product to the gamer. Most of the time, due to … +
+ Increasing Popularity of Games Games With the launch of the initial type of consoles, more and more people have begun to indulge themselves in this type of activity. At first these … +
+ Rocky Start of Games Games At the dawn of the age of video games, there were not many options in terms of selection and types of games. During those times, there … +
+ Evolution of Games Games The first iterations of video games have been quite underwhelming by today's standards, however at that time, most of it was nothing short of amazing. With … +
+ Games and Space Games Entertainment has always played an important role in human society. Starting with theater and books and moving on to radio and TV shows, it has always … +
RICHMOND, Vir. (Feb. 9, 2015) – A bill passed unanimously by the Virginia Senate today would nullify in practice some Food and Drug Administration (FDA) rules that prevent treatments from being used by terminally ill patients.
Senate Bill 732 (SB732) was introduced by Sen. William M. Stanley, Jr. (R-Moneta) as the Virginia Right to Try Act on Dec. 15. The bill was passed out of committee by a 14-0 vote on Feb. 5. And today, the full Virginia Senate took the measure up, passing it unanimously, 38-0.
If passed into law, a patient suffering from a terminal disease attested to by a physician and who has considered all other approved treatment options would be able to try experimental treatments or drugs not yet approved by the FDA, effectively nullifying this narrow, but important set of federal restrictions.
Physicians are protected under the bill as well. SB732 prohibits any licensing board from taking action to revoke, suspend, sanction, fail to renew, or take any other action against a physician's license solely based on such physician's recommendation, prescription, or treatment of an eligible patient with an investigational product.
SB732 makes up part of a greater trend promoting medical freedom sweeping the nation. During this most recent November election, Arizona residents approved Prop. 303, known as the Arizona Terminal Patients' Right to Try Referendum. The proposition allows investigational drugs, biological products or devices to be made available to eligible terminally ill patients, not permitted under the FDA.
Legislatures in Colorado, Michigan, Missouri, and Louisiana, have already passed Right to Try Laws similar to the Arizona amendment, and more than 20 states are considering such measures in 2015, with the state Senates in Montana, Wyoming, Arkansas and Mississippi passing similar measures this month.
Although these laws only address one small aspect of FDA regulation, they provide us with a clear model demonstrating how to nullify federal statutes that violate the Constitution. The strategy narrows the influence of nullification to limited aspects of the law itself. The strategy works because it focuses on ending specific federal policies large numbers of Americans from across the political spectrum oppose.
SB732 now moves to the state House, where it will first need to pass out of a yet-to-be-determined committee before the House has an opportunity to send it to the Governor's desk.
ACTION ITEMS
In Virginia: Support this bill by following the action steps at THIS LINK
In Other States: Take the steps to get a similar bill passed in your state at this link.
Michael Boldin [send him email] is the founder of the Tenth Amendment Center. He was raised in Milwaukee, WI, and currently resides in Los Angeles, CA. Follow him on Twitter – @michaelboldin and Facebook. http://www.tenthamendmentcenter.com
One of the key components to the Buffalo Bills' success this year has been their secondary. The group and team were labeled a “bunch of misfits” by safety Micah Hyde — and for apt reason. The team, and more specifically, the secondary, saw a lot of turnover in the offseason. In fact, not one defensive back who currently starts for Buffalo was there in 2016.
Safety Jordan Poyer came over from the Cleveland Browns in the offseason and has been impressive thus far. He's been rated as one of the top players by Pro Football Focus in multiple games and has contributed to the Bills having the highest turnover differential in the NFL with two interceptions of his own.
Speculation of whether or not the fifth-year player was injured began at the conclusion of Buffalo's win over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers last Sunday. Video surfaced of Poyer being in pain and collapsing to the ground after the final play of the game.
After the final tackle is made, you see Jordan Poyer just drop to the ground clearly in pain. @WGRZ pic.twitter.com/tqYrFjJnVE — Heather Prusak (@haprusak) October 22, 2017
On Wednesday, Poyer did not practice and was seen on the sidelines riding a stationary bike and enjoying the view. Not quite what you'd expect to see from someone with a major injury. Soon after that, his fiancée tweeted a rather interesting comment that insinuated the safety's injury may be more serious than expected.
Prayers for Jordan's knee would be great guys! Want to see him back in action asap!!💛 — Rachel (@Rachel__Bush) October 25, 2017
At the end of practice, Poyer gave his opinion on where he is and what his plan is to be ready for Sunday's big game against the Oakland Raiders.
“Staying on top of the treatment, staying on top of everything at home,” said Poyer.
“Like I said, it's gotten a lot better since Sunday, a lot more motion in it. Like I said, I was able to jog today which is really positive. Take it day-by-day, that's really all I can say about it.”
When asked if he thinks his injury is something where he'd need to be 100 percent in order to be out there, Poyer showed his passion.
“I want to play, I want to be out there. We'll see, it's really hard to tell right now. I want to play really bad, I want to be out there for my teammates because I was in a similar situation last year, [and] I actually wasn't able to be with my teammates for the rest of the year.”
While the Bills' passing defense didn't allow a touchdown through the first 15 1/2 quarters of the season, they're struggling as of late. They're currently ranked 19th in pass defense and will need to depend on Poyer to keep both Michael Crabtree and Amari Cooper in check on Sunday.
We'll likely learn more about Poyer's Week 8 status in the coming days.
The GOP race for delegates means the approach to winning the nomination is different than it's been in decades. One sign of that -- the personal attention from the candidates. Ted Cruz will be addressing the Colorado State GOP Convention Saturday, as well as the Republican Jewish Coalition. John Kasich is sending John Sununu, a former U.S. senator, as a surrogate; and Donald Trump had also scheduled an appearance this week but changed course when it was clear his campaign would not win many delegates, having been largely outmaneuvered by Cruz.
The Texas senator has built a strong organization in the state, based on a volunteer network. His team has been campaigning aggressively in the rolling caucuses in its seven congressional districts.
Trump has just a few people on the ground in Colorado who will go through the process, reports CBS News chief White House correspondent Major Garrett. The delegate selection game started months before Trump was a candidate and the Trump ground forces are not well-organized as a result. "We are a day late and a dollar short," said Barry Bennett, a Trump adviser. "We don't have high expectations in Colorado."
Trump isn't expected to rack up many delegates in Colorado, according to Becky Mizel, who's running to be a Trump delegate. She told CBS News many of the people who participated Friday were Cruz supporters.
"For us, a lot of the people here today are Cruz people, there's no doubt about it. There are a lot of Trump people here, and they're very glad we have some sort of showing for Mr. Trump here. He didn't have to do anything but he wanted the Trump people to have some kind of support today and tomorrow," Mizel said. "To be honest, I'm not even sure we'll take any delegates, we're kind of expecting not to really get delegates here."
Colorado's slate of Republican delegates are expected to be finalized Saturday at the state party's convention in Colorado Springs.
The state will send a total of 37 delegates to the Republican National Convention this July and unlike most states, their selection is not the result of a regular primary or caucuses.
Colorado opted not to hold caucuses, and as a result, the delegates will have been selected through a series of county elections that that the state has held over the course of the last week.
Congressional districts elect 21 delegates as well as alternates and the state convention selects 13 delegates as well as alternates. The remaining three unpledged delegates are the national commiteeman, national committeewoman and the state party chairman.
This slate could be key if Republicans face a contested convention in Cleveland. Delegates could either run by pledging supporting for a particular candidate or they could run unpledged. For those who have pledged support, they are only bound to vote for that contender on the first ballot. After that, they could vote for whomever they want.
At the state convention on Saturday, 600 people will compete for the 13 open slots. According to The Denver Post, Cruz has picked up nine delegates who have either formally pledged to support him or have suggested they would. A candidate will have to win 19 delegates in order to claim victory in Colorado, the report said.
CBS News' latest delegate count has Trump with 743 delegates, Cruz has 506 and Kasich has 143.
CBS News' Alan He contributed to this report.
Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti today announced a commitment to lease 288 electric vehicles, including 160 fully-electric vehicles (BEVs), which would give Los Angeles the largest city-owned fleet of pure electric vehicles. The city will also lease 128 plug-in hybrids (PHEVs).
100 of the BEVs will be used by the LAPD and the rest of the vehicles will go to the city's Fire, General Services, and Water and Power departments.
The announcement is part of the city's plan to ensure that 50% of Los Angeles' new light-duty vehicles are EVs by 2017.
The mayor during the announcement:
“Today, we take another step toward becoming the most sustainable city in America. This year, Los Angeles will become home to the largest city-owned fleet of pure battery electric vehicles anywhere in the country, and we will save taxpayer dollars along the way.”
According to a press release, in addition to the 288 vehicles in the new program, the LAPD will be loaned a Tesla Model S P85D (see picture above) and a BMW i3 (see picture below):
The LAPD said that the Tesla and the BMW will be used for “testing and research by (LAPD) technical experts to determine how this technology can support their future needs.”
They also purchased “23 electric scooters and 3 electric motorcycles” for patrol. We previously reported on the LAPD using Zero's electric motorcycles.
Here are a few more pictures and tweets from the announcement:
The story of Breaking Bad is pretty similar to Frozen when you think about it. Both involve two people who have a strained relationship but ultimately need each other, both involve blue crystals, and both, uh, involve knocking?
Okay, maybe they're not that similar, but mixing them together is pretty perfect.
Here are the lyrics if you wanna follow along:
Jesse,
Do you want to build a meth lab?
Come on let's go and cook
I never see you anymore
Come out the door,
Let's make our product by the book!
We'll make lots of money
Just you and me
We'll stack the cash up high!
Do you want to build a meth lab?
A rolling RV meth lab
Go away, Mr. White
Just one try...
Do you want to build a meth lab?
Or dodge some of Gus' calls?
I think some cook time is overdue
I've started talking to the money in the walls
(Look there, Holly!)
It gets a little lonely,
In this empty lab,
Just watching that fly whiz by...
(Buzz buzz buzz buzz)
Jesse, please
I know you're in there,
Badger's asking where you've been,
This can't all be for nothing
And I'm trying to,
Make things right with you
Just let me in
We built this empire together
And it's all we have
What do you want to do?
Do you want to build a meth lab? (cough)
Like this? Check these out:
The Market is Thirsty for Arctic Stick!
Brandon Adams, inventor and owner of ArcticStick, has spent nearly three years perfecting his product. He is now reaching out to secure funding for manufacturing and inventory. Above he appears on the concept pilot for a reality television show.
An Introduction to ArcticStick
ArcticStick is an innovative new product that fits INSIDE plastic beverage bottles to get your drink COLDER FASTER and keep it COLD LONGER. Our unique design allows you to FREEZE any liquid. You can fill the ArcticStick with water if you just want to COOL your drink. But you can get creative if you want to COOL AND FLAVOR it. You can add any number of other liquids to quickly and conveniently make your drink of choice. Just drop it in your drink for the flavor BURST you crave!
Brandon at SlingShot Products, a firm that manages accounts as large as Coca-Cola and Black & Decker, showing off the rapid prototype of the ArcticStick.
Bottled Beverage Stats
We are confident that these statistics will show that there is a place in the market for a product that will quickly cool beverages that have been left out long enough to get warm:
In 2011, 24.37 billion cases of carbonated and noncarbonated bottled drinks were consumed.
In 2010, total bottled water consumption was 8.75 billion gallons.
In 2011, there was more than $7.7 billion in bottled water sales. From your personal experience, you know it's rare to finish a bottled beverage before it gets a little too warm. That will no longer be the case with the launch of ArcticStick! A Track Record of Success Brandon on set of the concept pilot of a TV show called "America's Got Money." And before you go dismissing ArcticStick as a flash in the pan, keep in mind:
The design and concept has earned awards from a student-run competition at Iowa State University.
Brandon Adams won a rigorous student entrepreneur competition at Iowa State University with his invention "ArcticStick". This photo shows several of the early prototypes. Adams has been working on the project for nearly three years.
The ArcticStick went through a number of design phases to perfect performance.
ArcticStick has received a vote of confidence and hands-on development assistance from millionaire entrepreneur and inventor Cactus Jack Barringer (who recently had a project funded on the wildly popular TV show "Shark Tank").
Brandon has worked with Cactus Jack Barringer (pictured above in cowboy hat) - an internationally-known entrepreneur, inventor and marketer - to make the ArcticStick a reality.
The invention propelled inventor Brandon Adams to a win in the highly competitive Des Moines: Apprentice competition hosted by reality television star Tana Goertz.
Brandon being recognized by reality TV star Tana Goertz as the winner of the Des Moines "Apprentice" competition. Brandon and the ArcticStick beat out more than 250 other applicants to win the competition.
A Versatile Product (Ready for Market...)
So, what exactly does the ArcticStick do? Check this out:
The ArcticStick not only cools bottled beverages, it cools any drink and also can hold a shot of flavor, energy or anything else you might want to add to your drink!
Rewards for pledges are generous... We need YOUR support!
While we're out and about sharing the Arctic Stick story, we are getting a lot of WIIFM questions - that is: What's In It For Me? PLENTY! Instead of just telling you, take a look below to see all we're offering for supporting the Arctic Stick dream!
Pledge $5 or more THE ICE BRIGADE: For your support, you will receive a handwritten thank you from owner and founder Brandon Adams on one of our super cool ArcticStick postcards.
Pledge $15 or more THE COOL KIDS: Includes the above, PLUS... You will become among the FIRST EVER to own the ArcticStick. Get a 3 pack of ArcticSticks, and a personlized shout out on Twitter thanking you for your support!
Pledge $25 or more ICE, ICE, BABY: Includes all the above, PLUS... a limited edition ArcticStick t-shirt and koozie to keep things EXTRA cool and to show everyone that you support the ArcticStick dream!
Pledge $35 or more THE ICE DREAM TEAM: Includes all the above, PLUS... Your choice of an ArcticStick bumper sticker or fridge magnet.
Pledge $50 or more COLD AS ICE (That's a GOOD thing): Includes all the $35 package, PLUS... Your choice of an ArcticStick water bottle or sun glasses.
Pledge $75 or more COOL CUCUMBER: Includes all the $35 package, PLUS... Your choice of an ArcticStick water bottle or sun glasses AND a second t-shirt!
Pledge $100 or more JUST CHILLIN': All of the $25 package, PLUS... an ArcticStick water bottle, sun glasses and bumper sticker. Also you will get an Exclusive thank-you video from the Inventor himself!
Pledge $150 or more ICE IS NICE: Don't want all the other awards? Prefer a personal bit of advice from the inventor of ArcticStick? No problem... Brandon will write you a personal note of thanks on a signed copy of his "5 Tips for Young Entrepreneurs" whitepaper!
Pledge $150 or more SOLID COLD: All of the rewards in the $75 package, plus special recognition on our website as a backer of the ArcticStick!
Pledge $250 or more THE INNER CIRCLE: All of the rewards in the SOLID COLD $150 package, PLUS... A personal invitation to the ArcticStick launch party and ArcticStick inventor Brandon Adams will write you a personal note of thanks on a signed copy of his "5 Tips for Young Entrepreneurs" whitepaper!
Pledge $500 or more THE ICE KINGS (and QUEENS): All of the rewards in the $250 package, PLUS... An ArcticStick bean bag toss game. Comes with 2 boards with Arctic Stick logo and 8 bean bags.
Pledge $750 or more Exclusive Limited Edition ArcticStick: All of the rewards in the $250 package, PLUS.... You will receive a 3-pack of ArcticSticks printed with a personalized 1-color graphic that you provide. When the ArcticStick is famous all around the world you will have proof that you backed the ArcticStick Dream and became one of the first to get your hands on the ArcticStick.
Pledge $2,500 or more ArcticStick Presentation: All of the rewards in the $250 Packaged, Plus....The Inventor himself will travel to you to give a presentation to your school, work place, group of friends, or any other group that would like to hear Brandon's experiences as an entrepreneur and inventor. You get the chance to hear about his progress over the years, his most valuable lessons learned while launching a product, and even get to hear some interesting story's that NO ONE has heard before. Brandon will tell it all! This is ONE opportunity you won't want to miss out on! // (Date TBD)
Pledge $5,000 or more LEADER OF THE PACK: All of the rewards in the $250 package, PLUS... You get to spend a day with Brandon Adams and become acquainted before the ArcticStick launch party which you will receive VIP service. You will also be recognized on stage at the event and receive an ArcticStick backer plaque with your name engraved. // Please note: Travel and accommodations are NOT Included. (Date TBD)
Pledge $7,500 or more SUPERSTAR PACKAGE 1: Everything in the $250 package, PLUS... A MEET & GREET with world-reknowned inventor and entrepreneur Cactus Jack Barringer. Recently featured on the hit TV show Shark Tank making a deal with the sharks, Cactus Jack has made millions marketing his inventions and working with other entrepreneurs to achieve their dreams. He and ArcticStick inventor Brandon Adams will give you the VIP treatment including dinner and the opportunity to ask them about their experiences as entrepreneurs. Please note: Travel and accommodations are NOT Included. (Date TBD)
Pledge $7,500 or more SUPERSTAR PACKAGE 2: Everything in the $250 package, PLUS... A MEET & GREET with Tana Geortz, Season 3 Runner-up on the NBC hit TV Show "The Apprentice" featuring Donald Trump. Tana and ArcticStick inventor Brandon Adams will treat you to dinner and the opportunity to ask them about their experiences as entrepreneurs. You can even ask Tana about her experiences on "The Apprentice" and "Fear Factor" and get the inside scoop on what Donald Trump is really like! Please note: Travel and accommodations are NOT Included. (Date TBD)
Pledge $10,000 or more ONE OF A KIND: Your gift at this level offers you all of the rewards at the $5,000 level AND a MEET & GREET with Cactus Jack Barringer, Tana Goertz and ArcticStick inventor Brandon Adams. This is such a rare opportunity to get face-to-face with a group of incredibly successful entrepreneurs and marketers that there is only ONE opportunity to secure this reward. Please note: Travel and accommodations are NOT Included. (Date TBD)
Image caption Deutsche Bank said it would defend itself vigorously
The US Justice Department has sued Deutsche Bank for more than $1bn (£600m) for defrauding the government.
The complaint says Deutsche's MortgageIT subsidiary lied in order to get Federal Housing Administration (FHA) insurance for its loans.
FHA rules say lenders must make sure the borrower will be able to repay the loan, but the Justice Department claims Deutsche did not do so.
A Deutsche spokesperson described the claims as "unreasonable and unfair".
"We intend to defend against the action vigorously," she added.
The lawsuit is one of the first targeting mortgage lenders under the federal False Claims Act.
The government says that between 1999 and 2009, MortgageIT endorsed more than 39,000 mortgages for FHA insurance.
It says that the lender had powerful incentives to generate as many FHA-insured loans as it could so that it could then sell them on to investors.
Deutsche Bank bought MortgageIT for $430m in 2007.
The government said it had paid out more than $386m in FHA insurance claims and related costs.
The global financial crisis was sparked by mortgages being given to people who could not afford them, with the debt then being repackaged and sold on to investors.
The US government has been trying to hold the mortgage industry responsible for the crisis as well as the housing slump and large numbers of foreclosures.
A prominent blogger and her two colleagues were briefly detained this week by authorities in southern Vietnam's Khanh Hoa province after distributing leaflets and balloons promoting international human rights standards.
Nguyen Ngoc Nhu Quynh—who blogs as Me Nam, meaning “Mother Mushroom”—said in an interview after her release that she and her friends Pham Thanh Hai and Nguyen Tien Nam, also known as Binh Nhi, were handing out copies of the United Nations' Universal Declaration of Human Rights on Tuesday in Nha Trang city when they were detained.
“I went to April 2 Avenue to distribute the declaration of human rights while some friends gave kids balloons that said our human rights should be respected,” Quynh told RFA's Vietnamese Service.
“Police came and told me to go to the Loc Tho commune police station” along with Pham Thanh Hai and Nguyen Tien Nam at around 5:00 p.m., she said.
Quynh was released late on Tuesday night, while Hai and Nam were held for 24 hours.
Their detention followed a move earlier this month by authorities to shut down “human rights picnics” in Nha Trang, Hanoi, and Ho Chi Minh City, where bloggers and activists gathered in public parks to discuss the declaration and other rights issues but ended up beaten, interrogated, or arrested.
Quynh said that she had distributed copies of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights—which Vietnam has ratified—to inform the Vietnamese people of what Vietnam agreed to when it became a member of the United Nations in 1977.
“When I was arguing with the police … many people crowded around and demanded that I be allowed to show them the declaration. They wanted to read it to understand for themselves that it wasn't a ‘horrible' document.”
After she was taken to the local police station, authorities told her that she did not have permission to distribute the rights declaration.
“They confiscated all the leaflets and wrote a report, all while filming me as if I were a criminal,” she said.
“After that they took me to the provincial police office for additional interrogation until midnight.”
Under questioning
Quynh said that her interrogators were “very intimidating and tense,” but said that she remained calm, asking them to explain to her exactly why she had been detained.
“They only said that what I did wasn't wrong, but that it was ‘not right' either,” she said, adding that they were unable to give her a clear answer of how she had violated the law.
“It was strange that many policemen refused to touch the declaration. They looked at it like it was some kind of poisonous document.”
When Quynh was given permission to leave the police station, she told her interrogators that she wanted to wait until Hai and Nam were also released, but authorities made her return home.
“They said that my daughter needed my help to prepare for a school exam and reminded me that my young son was sick, so I should go home and they would let my friends out later…. I decided to go home and return the next morning,” she said.
She returned to the Khanh Hoa provincial police station Wednesday and waited there until her friends were released.
Bloggers targeted
Quynh has been held by authorities several times in the past for “abuse of democratic freedoms and infringing on the national benefit” after writing damning blog posts concerning China's intervention in Vietnam.
Her writings have largely focused on Beijing's financing of a controversial bauxite mine in the Central Highlands and its claims to disputed islands in the South China Sea.
Police surveillance and harassment is a common experience for dissident bloggers in Vietnam, which is listed by press freedom watchdog Reporters Without Borders as an “Enemy of the Internet.”
Vietnamese authorities have jailed and harassed dozens of bloggers, citizen journalists, and activists over their online writings since stepping up a crackdown on freedom of expression in recent years.
Many have been jailed under Article 88 of the Vietnamese Criminal Code for “conducting propaganda against the state,” and international rights groups and press freedom watchdogs have accused Hanoi of using the vaguely worded provision to silence dissent.
Reported by RFA's Vietnamese Service. Written in English by Joshua Lipes.
Ever produced a particularly tatty five pound note at the till, and wondered just how many hands it's passed through before making its way into your wallet or purse? So did we — and now we have the answer.
We've discovered the number of people who get their hands on a British banknote during its time in circulation. For the more squeamish, it's probably best not to consider how many germs may also have found their way onto your money; although as more payments are made online and with credit and debit cards, it's probably less scary now when you think about it.
Recent figures from the British Retail Consortium show that we are handing over less banknotes than ever during a single transaction, with the average value of each transaction down to £9.47. With fewer cash transactions taking place, your notes may start coming to you in better shape, but the results we've uncovered about the lifespan of the average banknote may still surprise you.
With the current crop of banknotes approaching the end of their life cycle, we've been able to estimate how many people have had their hands on your banknotes throughout their current lifespan…
The Result
£5 Lifespan: 23 months
# Circulation: 305,000,000 258 Exchanges
The note with the lowest lifespan; understandably so, since this is the one you're most likely to use when paying for your morning coffee, the Sunday papers or your train ticket to work. At present a fiver lasts just under two years before it is removed from circulation; the new polymer note is expected to last almost five years, leading to even more than the 258 exchanges taking place at present.
£10 Lifespan: 36 months
# Circulation: 723,000,000 594 Exchanges
With almost 600 exchanges in its current form, the £10 note is the one you'd most likely hand over to pay for your loaf of bread, milk, eggs; the ‘top-up' to your weekly shop. Withdrawn from circulation every three years in paper form, the Bank of England estimates that one of the polymer blends will last seven and a half years.
£20 Lifespan: 113 months
# Circulation: 1,758,000,000 2,328 Exchanges
At present there are almost two billion twenty-pound notes in UK circulation, and with more than two thousand sets of fingerprints on a single note expected during its lifespan, you can only imagine the number of rounds it's paid for at the bar!
£50 Lifespan: 492 months
# Circulation: 206,000,000 227 Exchanges
The £50 note has by far the longest lifespan and lowest circulation. You can go a long time without seeing a single £50 note, as it's the least-used banknote in retail. Their lifespan has been estimated at 41 years before they become unfit for circulation, whereas a polymer £50 note would last over a century using the Band of England estimates!
The Result
Results were achieved by finding out the velocity of money; the total money in the UK's supply (M), multiplied by how fast that moves around the economy (the velocity, V), which equates to the price level (P), multiplied by the total value of goods and services in the economy (Q).
MV = PQ
Breaking down this amount by payment method (and so excluding any non-cash transactions) and by each denomination, leaves us with the number of each type of UK banknote making its way around the UK.
Using this data, we were able to determine the number of times one of each British banknote would change hands during its lifespan, and from this, estimate which pair of hands is yours in the sequence, depending on how long it's been out there.
[Banknotes Breakdown]
Denomination Notes in Circulation (2013) Value of Circulation Lifespan (months) Polymer (months) Coinage 28,996,000,000 £4,011,054,000 – – £5 305,000,000 £1,525,000,000 22.8 57 £10 723,000,000 £7,230,000,000 36 90 £20 1,758,000,000 £35,160,000,000 113 283 £50 206,000,000 £10,300,000,000 492 1230
The more durable polymer banknotes are expected to last much longer than their paper equivalent once introduced, likely to be in 2016. It's also interesting to note the far more common usage of the £10 and £20 notes, and how long they typically last before needing to be replaced.
[Velocity of Money]
Denomination Exchanges Per Year Lifespan Exchanges £5 136 258 £10 198 594 £20 247 2,328 £50 7 277
Knowing how long a typical banknote lasts, we're able to assess the percentage of typical purchases made with each note, and as a result weigh it correctly in with the mix to determine which denomination of notes is used most often.
By switching from a cotton/paper blend of banknote to ones made of polymer, the Bank of England intends for their currency to stay crisp and clean for longer, whilst also reducing the risk of damage and extending their lifespan. The biggest test so far will come with the introduction of the Winston Churchill (£10) and Jane Austen (£5) notes, to be introduced over the next two years. Although polymer notes are less eco-friendly to produce than paper ones, the durability of polymer means that production will be reduced.
References
http://bit.ly/1ldGhuA
http://bit.ly/1Asxh8q
Comments
A BBC reporter and film crew has gained rare access inside Riyadh's "gilded cage" - the Ritz-Carlton which became a luxury prison after a dozen or more princes were detained during the shocking events which began with Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman's (MbS) internal purge on November 4th.
BBC's tour was "facilitated" under highly controlled and coordinated conditions, as initial photographs and short cell phone videos produced during the first few days of the crackdown revealed harsher and more restricted conditions as princes and/or their staff were forced to sleep on the floor camp-style in the middle of the luxury hotel's lobby.
According to the new BBC broadcast from inside the Ritz-Carlton, the princes are desperately scrambling to cut deals through their lawyers in order to secure release, this as new unconfirmed reports of torture have emerged:
When people were brought here around midnight on November 4th they were understandably angry. Some of them thought it would just be a show and it wouldn't last. And then when they realized they were here to stay they were furious. Almost everyone here - 95% I was told - are willing to make a deal, to give back what are said to be substantial sums of money in order to get out of here.
The torture allegations began with an explosive Daily Mail report, which said mercenaries purportedly employed by Academi, a successor to infamous US security contractor Blackwater, have been stringing up some of MBS's “guests” at the Riyadh Ritz Carlton by their feet and savagely beating them during interrogations. The claims have spread rapidly on Arabic-language social media, and even Lebanon's president Michel Aoun has accused MbS of using mercenaries. Still, the Daily Mail isn't the most reputable news organization, so these early torture reports should be taken with a grain of salt.
But what is certain is that the list of detained princes and businessmen, which has reportedly grown to multiple dozes, and which includes billionaires such as Alwaleed bin Talal and Mohammed Hussein al-Amoudi - the first and second wealthiest men in the country, respectively - constitutes the kingdom's elite and internationally well-connected. As we've consistently reported this is not a "corruption purge" as its being sold to international media, but in reality a massive cash grab and shakedown.
As multiple reports confirm, the princes are frantic to swap assets for freedom, and royal accountants and lawyers are no doubt busy pouring through records while "separating cash from assets like property and shares, and looking at bank accounts to assess cash values."
Reuters further detailed specific arrangements based on victims' testimonies:
One businessman had tens of millions of Saudi riyals withdrawn from his account after he signed. In another case, a former senior official consented to hand over ownership of four billion riyals worth of shares, the source said. The Saudi government earlier this week moved from freezing accounts to issuing instructions for “expropriation of unencumbered assets” or seizure of assets, said a second source familiar with the situation.
Though Western governments and media by and large continue towing the line of a healthy and necessary anti-graft crackdown underway, recent geopolitical tensions involving Lebanese PM Saad Hariri's release and return to Lebanon, as well as the Saudi war on Yemen and threatening rhetoric directed at Iran clearly demonstrate the glaring falsehood of the official narrative which is limited to fairy tale notions of "the visionary reformer prince".
And no less than the US Treasury Secretary, Steven Mnuchin, is aggressively promoting this line, who when asked last week about agreements to hand over wealth for detainees' freedom, told CNBC: “I think that the Crown Prince (Mohammed bin Salman) is doing a great job at transforming the country.”
Meanwhile the Saudi internal arrests have caused economic turmoil in some unlikely places. Middle East Eye this week reported that the largely under-reported arrest of billionaire businessman "Sheikh" Mohammed Hussein al-Amoudi threatens to "disrupt the economy of an entire country" - Ethiopia, which lies over 1000 km away. Amoudi is an Ethiopian-Saudi dual citizen with an estimated net worth of about $11 billion according to a 2016 Forbes profile.
Mohammed Hussein al-Amoudi, an Ethiopian-Saudi dual citizen and the kingdom's second richest man. Image source: Twitter/@amggebre via Middle East Eye
According to Middle East Eye which bases its analysis on WikiLeaks diplomatic cables and other internal economic data:
"The Sheikh's influence in the Ethiopian economy cannot be underestimated," according to a diplomatic cable from 2008 released by Wikileaks. Nearly 10 years later, it's hard to put a dollar figure on Amoudi's total investments in Ethiopia, one of the world's poorest countries, yet one of the fastest growing in Africa. His PR team does not comment on external figures and cautions against third party figures. One analyst put a $3.4bn value on his investments – or 4.7 percent of Ethiopia's current GDP.
The report characterizes the general atmosphere among Ethiopia's media and political punditry as hysterical and in "freak out" mode over Amoudi's detention and the potential seizure of the bulk of his assets:
Another said his companies employ about 100,000 people which would account for 14 percent of Ethiopia's small private sector, according to country's latest Labor Force Survey conducted in 2013. However, World Bank analysts cautioned that these figures will have increased significantly over the past four years as the sector has grown... "They are just freaking out left and right," said Henok Gabisa, a visiting academic fellow at Washington and Lee University in Virginia who researches Ethiopia.
It will be interesting to see if any level of similar negative economic fallout resulting from the seizure of royal investments and assets could have lasting impact on American and other Western companies or allies. Perhaps only at that point would officials like Mnuchin change their tunes.
Katherine asked me also to say a little about what the skills, training, etc. we use on the job at DMV R&D. Also, she asked me to write something about the application process (since, as it happens, we have an opening at the moment).
In terms of the skills we use for most of our work, I can't emphasize enough the importance of having a strong quantitative background. Being able to create, and interpret the results of, various kinds of statistical modeling (particularly, but not only, regression modeling) is a rare and valuable thing. In addition to using this basic understanding of statistics, we routinely design and implement original research studies. This requires practical knowledge of basically all aspects of methodology from start to finish: preparing an analysis plan, understanding sampling procedures, thinking critically about effect sizes and statistical power considerations, developing data collection instruments, recruiting subjects, creating databases from raw inputs, preparing (and revising) statistical analyses, writing up results and preparing a publication. Of secondary importance – at least in our unit – are qualitative methods. We do sometimes engage in studies using interviews or focus groups; however, these are only rarely a part of what we do here at DMV R&D. Finally, I should emphasize that we regularly present our research findings to both technical audiences (i.e., professional conferences) and to non-technical groups (e.g., DMV management and staff). Being able to translate research findings for different types of audiences is not so easy to do – but we are called upon to do precisely that as part of our work.
Now, in terms of what we look for in strong candidates who are looking to work in government research, I would say that as with an academic posting, we certainly appreciate a publication record of some sort. We do not necessarily expect that applicants will have published in traffic safety journals. However, where applicable, peer-reviewed publications serve to demonstrate a candidate's familiarity with social science research methods and quantitative statistical techniques. We also look for job experience that involves direct planning, implementation, and/or analysis and write-up of social science research projects. While it is helpful for candidates to have specific experience with certain statistical packages (e.g., SAS, SPSS), we have also found that candidates with experience using other statistical packages (e.g., STATA) may be prepared to transfer that knowledge without too much trouble.
But what about the nitty-gritty of actually finding openings and applying? California has a very straightforward civil service process. All job openings are posted on a central website (www.CalHR.ca.gov). In addition to this, many agencies post their job openings in supplementary fora, such as at professional conference (for example, the Transportation Research Board). We do not use headhunters. I should state here that the hiring process varies somewhat from agency to agency; different departments may be looking for slightly different skill sets. Our hiring process involves several steps. First, we review all applications to ensure that they meet certain minimum qualifications. These minimum qualifications differ by job title, but are a matter of public record at the California State Personnel Board's website (http://jobs.ca.gov. Please note: this website also posts salary scales, which are surely also useful information). Depending on the results of this review, we may then bring in a candidate for a formal interview (if the candidate is physically located out of state, this may occur by phone). This interview includes a discussion of the candidate's knowledge, skills, and abilities in relation to standard statistical techniques and social science research methods. Depending on the results of this interview, we may then bring in a candidate to give a presentation to all of the staff members of our branch. This provides the candidate an opportunity to discuss a recent research project of their own; it also provides them the opportunity to meet the staff and find out more about the work that we do here. If we make an offer to a candidate, it would typically be for a full-time permanent civil service position. Our branch is currently accepting applications at the Research Program Specialist I and II level. If you're interested in finding out more, please e-mail me directly (Bayliss.Camp@dmv.ca.gov) with any questions about the application process.
That's it for my series of posts. Oh, one more thing: if anyone is interested in hearing about the ethical considerations associated with using administratively-collected data for research purposes, please look for a panel on that subject at next year's (2014) ASA meetings in San Francisco.
Advertisements
“Mattforney.com is the most visible and biggest hustle I have going on right now. In the past year, I've released no less than six books via the site (including this one), which combined with my other hustles nearly make me enough money to live on my own, without any kind of job.” – Matt Forney, Confessions of an Online Hustler
Confessions of an Online Hustler is the only book I've ever read where the re-release was better than the original. Most “updated” books contain a new foreword and, if the author is feeling generous, a bonus chapter. This book is made up of almost entirely new content.
While the general layout is the same, almost every chapter has been completely altered. For example, while the original book was a little vague on some of Matt Forney's money making endeavors, the new version delves into dollar amounts and page views. It's less theory and more action.
One of the best aspects of the original Confessions of an Online Hustler was it's practicality. While the advice wasn't super flashy, it worked. In fact, I was actually able to implement the advice and double my readership in two weeks. Thanks to the book's advice I also managed to make enough money that I was able to survive the school year without having to get a job.
If you're interested in blogging, either for fun or profit, I highly encourage you to check out this book. It covers everything blog related, including:
Becoming a better writer.
Building an audience.
Monetizing a website.
Publishing an eBook.
Dealing with trolls and stalkers.
If you own a website, or have any interest in starting one, I'd suggest checking out Confessions of an Online Hustler. It's on sale this weekend and you can buy it here for half off the normal price. The special ends at midnight on Sunday, so you'll want to act fast.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Tumblr
This set of FAQs accompanies MIT's Dec. 19, 2011 announcement regarding MITx.
Why is MIT doing this?
MIT seeks through the development of MITx to improve education both on the MIT campus and around the world.
On campus, MITx will be coupled with an Institute-wide research initiative on online teaching and learning. The online learning tools that MITx develops will benefit the educational experience of residential students by supplementing and reinforcing the classroom and laboratory experiences.
Beyond the MIT campus, MITx will endeavor to break down barriers to education in two ways. First, it will offer the online teaching of MIT courses to people around the world and the opportunity for able learners to gain certification of mastery of MIT material. Second, it will make freely available to educational institutions everywhere the open-source software infrastructure on which MITx is based.
Since it launched OpenCourseWare (OCW) 10 years ago, MIT has been committed to using technology to improve and greatly widen access to education. The launch of MITx represents a next step forward in that effort.
Who is leading the development of MITx?
The initiative is led by MIT Provost L. Rafael Reif.
When will MITx go live?
MIT plans to launch an experimental prototype version of MITx in the spring 2012 timeframe. Once the open learning infrastructure is in stable form, MIT will also release the open-source software infrastructure and will establish ways for other universities, as well as interested individuals, to join MIT in improving and adding features to the technology.
Why is MIT announcing this now, before MITx has been built?
Many schools and faculty within MIT and other universities are interested in online education and exploring ways in which to offer their content online. MIT wants its community and the communities of other institutions to know that they can continue to look to MIT to bring innovation to online learning and teaching, as it has done with OCW. MIT also wants to make available an adaptable, free platform for any school to use for its own online initiatives. Furthermore, the time is right from a technology perspective, because within MIT we have already gained experience in online technologies through many courses that already include significant online components. These technologies include online tutors, online laboratories, crowd-sourced grading of programs, machine learning and automatic transcription.
How will this affect the MIT on-campus education?
MIT's residential-based education is the heart of the MIT community, and an MIT degree holds special distinction. MITx will be coupled with an MIT-wide research initiative into online learning that will study ways in which students, whether on campus or part of a virtual community, learn most effectively. To the degree that MITx demonstrates highly effective online learning tools from which campus-based students might benefit, such as self-paced online exercises, those tools will become part of the experience of MIT students. These tools will enable campus faculty to automate some of the more repetitive and less creative tasks, such as grading, thereby liberating more time to devote to innovative ways of teaching the material and to additional contact time with resident students.
Is MIT signaling a lack of support for the traditional, residential model of education?
Not at all. MIT believes firmly in the residential model of education. MIT's new initiative in online education is meant not only to improve the experience of traditional, residential MIT students by continuing to innovate with the latest pedagogical technologies, but also to lower the existing barriers between residential campuses and millions of learners around the world.
Will MIT students and online-only non-MIT learners use MITx in the same way?
No. MIT faculty and students will determine what use to make of the new platform for their on-campus classes: The platform may serve as a way for students to reinforce and explore what they are learning in the classroom and lab. We have observed that the same is true of OCW: MIT's residential learners use OCW materials to augment their residential experience.
Will this platform offer MIT degrees?
No. MIT awards MIT degrees only to those admitted to MIT through a highly selective admissions process.
If credentials are awarded, will they be awarded by MIT?
As online learning and assessment evolve and improve, online learners who demonstrate mastery of subjects could earn a certificate of completion, but any such credential would not be issued under the name MIT. Rather, MIT plans to create a not-for-profit body within the Institute that will offer certification for online learners of MIT coursework. That body will carry a distinct name to avoid confusion.
Who can take courses on MITx? Will there be an admission process?
As with OCW, the teaching materials on MITx will be available to anyone in the world for free, and in general, there will not be an admission process. However, credentials will be granted only to students who earn them by demonstrating mastery of the material of a subject.
In MITx, what will be free and what will cost money?
All of the teaching on the platform will be free of charge. Those who have the ability and motivation to demonstrate mastery of content can receive a credential for a modest fee.
What will it cost to get a credential for a given course?
MIT is in the process of determining a fee structure for individual courses and groups of courses. The aim is to make credentialing highly affordable.
Will MIT remain committed to OpenCourseWare?
Yes. OCW will continue as before: It will make course materials from across the MIT curriculum available to the world for free. There will be no reduction in the level of what OCW offers.
How will MITx be financed?
MIT's online initiative will be a not-for-profit activity consistent with MIT's mission, but it is expected to generate positive net income from various revenue sources, including fees for certification from learners who demonstrate mastery of course material. MIT also anticipates substantial interest from foundations, companies and individuals positioned to support the endeavor. MIT will share the expected positive net income with faculty members who develop courses for the platform. Net income from the initiative after revenue sharing will benefit MIT and its mission.
OCW provides course material for nearly all MIT classes. Will MITx offer interactive online courses at that same scale?
No. MITx will begin by offering a portfolio of selected courses, which will grow over time. The selection of courses will depend on the interests of MIT faculty and online learners and will be determined on a course-by-course basis.
What resources will MIT make available to the faculty in support of MITx?
MIT will actively support faculty members in creating online courses.
(CNN) If you take Donald Trump at his word, making America great again is going to be quite a chore.
The Republican nominee is selling an apocalyptic vision -- the US as an impoverished hellscape beset by bloodthirsty urban anarchists, a terrorist fifth column, and the machinations of globalist elites.
Even the most mundane institutions are cast as symbols of existential rot. At every turn, Trump finds another "broken," "rigged" and "disastrous" policy to undo or abolish. Real worries and legitimate concerns share space -- sometimes lines in a single speech -- with Trump's dark fantasies.
And like so many aspiring authoritarians before him, the candidate is also consistent on another point: channeling scapegoats and delivering a promise that "I alone can fix it."
Here are more than a dozen people, places and issues Trump has claimed to be damaged or corrupted beyond repair -- by anyone other than himself:
American cities
"We have a situation where we have our inner cities, African-Americans, Hispanics are living in hell because it's so dangerous," he said during the first presidential debate. "You walk down the street, you get shot."
The immigration system
"The truth is our immigration system is worse than anybody ever realized," he said at a September rally in Phoenix. "But the facts aren't known because the media won't report on them. The politicians won't talk about them, and the special interests spend a lot of money trying to cover them up because they are making an absolute fortune."
The election, generally
"The whole thing we've been going through, and I hate to say it, but the whole thing we're going through -- Bernie Sanders, it was a rigged deal -- the whole thing is one big fix," he said at a rally in Greensboro, North Carolina, on Friday. "It's one big, ugly lie."
The vote, specifically
"I'm telling you, November 8th, we'd better be careful because that election is going to be rigged," he told Fox News in August. "And I hope the Republicans are watching closely or it's going to be taken away from us."
The media
"If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%," Trump tweeted in August.
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20% — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2016
NAFTA and free trade
"Because of NAFTA (the North American Free Trade Agreement), signed by (Hillary Clinton's) husband, is perhaps the greatest disaster trade deal in the history of the world. Not in this country. It stripped us of manufacturing jobs," Trump said at the second presidential debate. "We lost our jobs. We lost our money. We lost our plants. It is a disaster."
The VA
"The Veterans Administration is a disaster, the V.A., it's a disaster," Trump told a veterans group earlier this month.
US military leadership
"I think under the leadership of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, the generals have been reduced to rubble," Trump said during a September forum. "They have been reduced to a point where it's embarrassing for our country."
The Iran nuclear deal
"That is one of the worst deals ever, ever made by this country. It is a disaster," he said at a GOP debate in March.
Senator Hillary Clinton
"She has been a disaster as a senator," he said at the second presidential debate. "A disaster."
America's been pillaged
"It's a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class, stripped our country of its wealth, and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations and political entities," Trump said on Thursday.
Muslim Americans and terrorism
"They're protecting each other, but they're really doing very bad damage -- they have to open up to society and report the bad ones," he told ITV's "Good Morning Britain." "When they see trouble, they have to report it. They are absolutely not reporting it, and that's a big problem."
The Benghazi hearings
"I hope @TGowdySC does better for Rubio than he did at the #Benghazi hearings, which were a total disaster for Republicans & America!" Trump tweeted last December.
I hope @TGowdySC does better for Rubio than he did at the #Benghazi hearings, which were a total disaster for Republicans & America! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 29, 2015
The Republican primary
"Because of me, everyone now sees that the Republican primary system is totally rigged and broken," Trump said shortly before becoming the GOP's presumptive nominee.
The US's standing in the world
"We have been disrespected, mocked, and ripped off for many, many years by people that were smarter, shrewder, tougher," he said in a March interview with The New York Times.
NATO
"I think NATO is obsolete," he said on ABC's "This Week." "NATO was done at a time you had the Soviet Union, which was obviously larger -- much larger than Russia is today. I'm not saying Russia is not a threat."
Europe and its refugee policy
"It's a total disaster, on top of which you have migration which is destroying Europe," he said at an event in September. "Germany is a disaster now. France is a disaster."
PACs and super PACs
"I mean, PACs -- you know, these super PACs are a disaster, by the way, folks," Trump said at the March debate. "Very corrupt. It's going to lead to lots of disasters."
Airports
"You go over to Qatar, you go over to Saudi Arabia, you go over to some of these countries -- China -- and you see airports the likes of which you've never, ever seen before," he said last year at event in New Hampshire. "Then you come back and you land at LaGuardia -- it's true: potholes, potholes -- you land at LaGuardia or Newark or LAX and you walk into a filthy terminal that's falling apart with broken terrazzo floors and that's what we have."
And Trump tweeted in May, "While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!"
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 21, 2016
Obamacare
"Everything is broken about it, everything," he said during the second debate.
The mental health system
"Fix our broken mental health system. All of the tragic mass murders that occurred in the past several years have something in common -- there were red flags that were ignored," he says on his campaign website
The visa system
"Our VISA system is broken, like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!" -December 10, 2014, on Twitter
Our VISA system is broken, like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 10, 2015
The schools
"We need to fix our broken education system! #StopCommonCore #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
The world
"Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!" he tweeted in May.
Dwight Adams | dwight.adams@indystar.com
Wochit
A county prosecutor's group is strongly opposing efforts to allow medical marijuana, saying it's "wrong for Indiana" and could worsen the state's drug abuse crisis.
The Association of Indiana Prosecuting Attorneys also debunked cannabis' medicinal properties. It said the Institute of Medicine concluded this year that there was "insufficient evidence" to use it to treat glaucoma, epilepsy, dementia and a host of other ailments.
Kelly Wilkinson/IndyStar file photo
The group wrote a letter to the state's drug czar last week, asking him to "formally oppose the legalization of marijuana in any form, for any purpose."
"We strongly believe both medicinal and recreational marijuana legalization are wrong for Indiana," said the Nov. 3 letter to the Indiana Commission to Combat Drug Abuse, chaired by drug czar Jim McClelland. "We urge you to take a stand against these policies that would cause further harm to communities already
suffering from the devastating effects of drug abuse."
The prosecutors group makes three main points in its plea: It said marijuana use increases the risk of the abuse of opioids and other controlled substances, it claimed that marijuana is not a medicine and it argued that the legalization of marijuana has had "devastating effects" in other states.
More stories about marijuana:
►Is this the time? Medical marijuana bill on its way to Indiana legislature — and a Republican is behind it
It said those who argue that marijuana is a medicine are relying on "half-truths and anecdotal evidence."
The prosecuting attorneys cited a report from the National Survey on Drug Use and Health, saying it showed marijuana users were more likely to miss work. They also cited reports that claimed marijuana legalization has caused an increase in traffic fatalities in Washington and Colorado.
Their letter arrived after a pledge by State Rep. Jim Lucas, R-Seymour, in August to introduce legislation legalizing the medical use of marijuana in the next legislative session beginning in January.
Lucas, who has proposed other controversial legislation, including rolling back gun restrictions in Indiana, admitted he had a lot to learn on the issue of medical marijuana, but said he had talked about it with doctors, veterans organizations and advocacy groups, such as the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws.
He would be the first Republican lawmaker to formally seek such legislation in at least five years. Prior efforts by Democrats to legalize marijuana were routinely squashed in the GOP-dominated General Assembly.
Lucas knows the difficulties such legislation would face, but he said in mid-August that he had "every intention of introducing a bill that legalizes medical marijuana."
"I can't comprehend how we can deny people something that provides them with relief that's not addictive and is not killing anyone when we know for a fact that prescription opioids are killing people," he said.
Lucas already is planning a fact-finding trip to a cannabis dispensary in Buffalo Grove, Ill., later this month, according to a report Sunday by the Daily Herald, a suburban Chicago media outlet. Lucas will be a guest of Illinois regulators on Nov. 16, as he tours PDI Medical, where he will meet with doctors, patients and medical marijuana industry leaders.
Lucas does face strong opposition from Republican leaders in the Indiana General Assembly. Senate President Pro Tempore David Long, R-Fort Wayne, and House Speaker Brian Bosma, R-Indianapolis have opposed efforts to legalize marijuana, even for medical purposes, in the past.
When IndyStar reported earlier this year that some Indiana lawmakers had been working secretly to create a market for marijuana in the state in the event it became legal, both Bosma and Long expressed alarm and said they were concerned that a full-blown effort to allow medical marijuana could be a first step toward an eventual legalization of recreational use of marijuana in Indiana.
Attorney General Curtis Hill, a Republican, also strongly opposes efforts to legalize marijuana, emphasizing its health and public safety risks.
Still, Indiana lawmakers have taken a small step in that direction when they passed legislation last year to allow the use of a marijuana extract called cannabidiol, or CBD oil, to treat patients with epilepsy who did not respond to traditional prescription drugs. CBD oil contains only trace amounts of the psychoactive chemical tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC, so there is no "high" produced by its use.
NORML, the organization fighting for marijuana legalization, said modern research suggests marijuana can be used to relieve pain as well as treat nausea, spasticity, glaucoma, and movement disorders.
Some form of medical marijuana is now allowed in 29 states, plus the District of Columbia and U.S. territories of Guam and Puerto Rico.
IndyStar reporter Tony Cook contributed to this story.
Call IndyStar digital producer Dwight Adams at (317) 444-6532. Follow him on Twitter: @hdwightadams.
More stories by Dwight Adams:
Repsol Honda's Dani Pedrosa has undergone surgery for the arm pump that has plagued him for more than a year in an operation that surgeons described as complicated and agressive.
The surgery took just over two hours with Dr Villamor confident of its success. During today's surgery, Dr Villamor completely removed the layer of fascia – the casing around the muscle that gives it form and shape – which is causing Pedrosa difficulty.
“The surgery was complicated and aggressive using a microsurgery technique and microscopic lens. It lasted two hours, and was done under a local anaesthetic. We examined the muscle fascia, which were hypertrophied and had to be opened up and released,” said Dr Villamor.
“The muscle fascia has been dissected and removed from the forearm. This increased volume engorged the muscle within the inelastic fascia resulting in increased pressure within the compartment, and causing a painful condition of oxygen deprivation – thus causing intense pain in the forearm which collapsed after exercising during riding. We will now monitor Dani over the next few weeks to measure the success of this surgery.”
Haryana policeman arrested for 'shooting at doctor who refused to issue a fake medical certificate'
A Haryana policeman was arrested for allegedly firing at a doctor in Karnal who refused to issue a fake medical certificate. The doctor is said to have escaped unhurt.
The policeman, identified as sub-inspector Kashmir Singh, allegedly wanted to implicate someone in a murder case.
"The incident took place at 2.45am when Kashmir Singh entered the trauma centre and asked me to prepare a false medical certificate of his relative. He wanted to implicate someone in a murder case. As I refused, he started hurling abuses at me. He was drunk. He got angry and shot at me with his service revolver," Dr Nipun Kalra, a surgeon at Kalpana Chawla Government Medical College, Karnal, said.
The SI's drunken act was captured on a CCTV camera
Kalra said the incident had left him and his colleagues scared as the accused policeman was wielding a gun on the hospital campus.
"We immediately called the police which reached the hospital after half an hour," Kalra added.
Karnal deputy superintendent of police Joginder Rathi also reached the spot and booked the policeman after verifying the incident from the eyewitness and the CCTV footage.
Inspired by citizen uprisings around the world, thousands of regular Americans recently descended on Wall Street to protest a U.S. economic system that wastes taxpayer money to coddle corporations and stock brokers.
Vowing to ”occupy Wall Street” and to “bring justice to the bankers,” these people exercised their right to march on the head of Wall Street and form a spontaneous blockade, prompting the New York Police Department to threaten arrest.
Undeterred, protesters walked laps around the area before holding a people's assembly and setting up a semi-permanent protest encampment in a park on Liberty Street, a stone's throw from Wall Street and a block from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (Guardian).
That was Saturday, September 17th. Three days later, the occupation of Wall Street is still going strong, with hundreds choosing to spend the night sleeping on the street only to be greeted by reinforcements each morning.
So far, celebrity presence at the protest has not been lacking. Speakers including the Reverend Billy Talen of the Church of Stop Shopping, and actress Rosanne Barr spoke on the steps of the American Indian Smithsonian Museum to the crowd, which included conscious rappers Lupe Fiasco and Immortal Technique.
“Like our brothers and sisters in Egypt, Greece, Spain, and Iceland, we plan to use the revolutionary Arab Spring tactic of mass occupation to restore democracy in America,” states the OccupyWall St.org website. “We also encourage the use of nonviolence to achieve our ends and maximize the safety of all participants.”
The original call for this occupation was published by Adbusters in July; since then, many individuals across the country have stepped up to organize this event, such as the people of the NYC General Assembly and US Day of Rage. There will also be similar occupations in the near future such as October 2011 in Freedom Plaza, Washington D.C.
Click on the thumbnails below for more images of this historic protest.
Image Credits: Flickr – pweiskel08 | World Can't Wait |
There will soon be improvements to the police's ability to catch alcohol- and drug-impaired drivers, adds Murie.
In the next year or two, there will be mandatory screening whereby police "can test anyone anywhere, any time. Now, they need to know you've been drinking or using drugs, which is hard to tell in a few seconds of a road check.'
Murie says oral fluid testing is coming for roadside tests for drug impairment. This will involve a swab of the tongue that is put into a tester and can tell the officer right away which, if any, drugs are present in a driver's system, he says.
"It's used pretty extensively in Europe. Canada and the U.S. are always behind the times, compared to Europe and Australia."
However, Murie calls the police RIDE program "a great deterrent' to impaired driving and says without it, there would be a lot more impaired drivers on the road.
"The situation would be a lot worse and there'd be a lot more deaths and injuries."
Locally, Hamilton police stopped 14,950 drivers during their holiday RIDE checks this month, but laid no impaired driving charges. The year-round RIDE checks stopped 215,000 drivers and charged 22 of them. In 2015, RIDE stopped 245,760 drivers and charged 39 of them.
However, in just one night this week — the early hours of Thursday — Hamilton police charged three drivers with impaired driving in separate collisions in the space of three hours. Two were single-vehicle crashes.
A fourth driver, involved in a single-vehicle collision that hit a hydro pole, was charged with careless driving and given a three-day licence suspension. The driver's blood alcohol level was more than 50 milligrams but less than the 80 required for an impaired driving charge.
cfragomeni@thespec.com
905-526-3392 | @CarmatTheSpec
Monday on his Fox Business Network program, “Lou Dobbs Tonight” host Lou Dobbs took aim at House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) for his reluctance to vigorously support presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and for touting his policy proposals ahead of getting behind Trump, who Dobbs said was chosen by voters of his party.
Dobbs described Ryan as an “embarrassment” and an “eager tool of the establishment.”
Transcript as follows:
Well, a few thoughts now as we approach the Republican National Convention and that irritating noise that seems to grow louder as we head into next week. That noise, that noise is speaker Paul Ryan, I'm pretty sure squawking about his agenda. Yes, he has an agenda. It's not that of the party. It is his own agenda. He is working hard to promote not the convention but himself.
And now he has scheduled himself to deliver a speech at the convention. And I know, you are passionately interested in whether man who has been speaker from host nine months now has to say, a man who joined amnesty and open borders advocate Congressman Luis Gutierrez and the national campaign for the Chamber of Commerce, driving the solution to our illegal immigration crisis and who supports free trade at any cost as well, a man who has moved three whole bills into law over his 17-year career. That is so impressive, don't you think?
Now, according to one of his very top aides, the speaker is actually writing what will be an entire whole 10-minute address. He is writing that all by himself. I'm not sure whether that 10 minutes will rank up there with the Gettysburg Address, JFK's inaugural or FDR's fireside chats. In that 10 minutes of pure political melodrama and electricity I'm sure we can be sure to Ryan will call on conservatives to unite around Republican candidates saying quote, ‘I want to talk about our ideas, our solutions, how our party should unite around our common principles and how we apply those principles to problems.'
Yes, that's a little obvious, a little formulaic but all right Ryan at least least is talking about unity even if it — he can't bring himself to utter two words, ‘Donald Trump,' or another for words, ‘Make America great again,' or just two more after that, ‘America first.'
But to date he's been far more divisive than his words and actions though Ryan has spent more of his breath slamming the Republican nominee — the one chosen by record number of Republican voters. And all the while Ryan pushing his own certainly irrelevant agenda instead of working to unify the party behind Trump and Trump's agenda that shared by millions and millions of voters.
Ryan is proving himself to be nothing more than an eager tool of the establishment and for the big donors like Paul Singer or Charles Koch or the most powerful lobby in D.C., the Chamber of Commerce. And that appears to be something of a disappointment for some voters in Wisconsin's first congressional district.
In fact, a poll touted by his opponent in the Republican primary, Paul Nehlen, shows the speaker support his home district has fallen to 43 percent. In my opinion, Speaker Ryan has become something of a tiresome tremendous embarrassment for the Republican Party. That's just my opinion. Ryan is playing duke to power and fool for all this country to witness.
Ryan has made himself a sad spectacle but we can all take a little comfort that he won't stop the celebratory GOP convention for more than 10 minutes. Yes, it could have been far worse.
THE support given to Spain's Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy by EU leaders could hasten the end of the SNP's “love affair with the EU”, the party's former deputy leader has said.
Jim Sillars, a veteran Eurosceptic, suggested many in his party would become disillusioned with the EU after its senior figures continued to back Rajoy despite a brutal crackdown by the Spanish police on Catalan voters taking part in Sunday's independence referendum.
Sillars spoke out after the European Commission indicated it “trusted in the leadership'' of Rajoy less than 24 hours after images of Spanish police brutality against Catalan voters shocked the world.
More than 800 people were treated in hospital after Spain's Guardia Civil beat voters with batons and fired rubber bullets into crowds of people trying to protect polling stations.
Many SNP members and parliamentarians who were in Barcelona to observe the referendum witnessed the violence.
But yesterday, after the results showed some 90 per cent of Catalans who voted had voted for independence, the European Commission came down on Spain's side, underlining that had the referendum gone ahead with with Spain's consent Catalonia would be outside the EU if it pursued independence.
It tweeted: “We trust leadership @marianorajoy to manage difficult process in full respect of Spanish Const&of fund.rights of citizens enshrined therein/
“We call on all relevant players to now move very swiftly from confrontation to dialogue. Violence can never be an instrument in politics.
“Beyond purely legal aspects: the Commission believes that these are times for unity and stability, not divisiveness and fragmentation.”
It added: “Legal position: If referendum were to be organised in line with the Spanish Const. = territory leaving would find itself outside of EU.”
The SNP strongly campaigned for a Remain vote in 2016, helping to persuade Scots to deliver 62 per cent support to stay in the EU. The party continues to back an independent Scotland taking full EU membership.
But Sillars said yesterday: “I hope those in the Scottish National Party who have been having a long love affair with European Union will smell the coffee and wake up. That the European Union centre in Brussels has no regard for democracy is nothing new.”
He added: “If [the SNP] have a rethink now, it's been a long time coming and I would say the quicker the better.”
Jonathon Shafi, co-founder of the Radical Independence Campaign, echoed Sillars' comments. He said many independence supporters were angry at the European Commission's response to the violence.
“Anecdotally, you can clearly see on social media real reaction to the way the European Commission is dealing with the Catalan issue and this will lead to some fairly major consequences, particularly for the SNP. People do really expect sides to be taken on this.”
He added: “I think there will be a move towards saying you can be in favour of independence and not be in favour of the European Union.”
He said: “My position since the EU referendum is that to hinge the question of Scottish independence to Brexit is a mistake.
“Before Catalan even happened a huge number of people who voted Yes also voted Leave. Now that the European Commission has not only not condemned the Spanish state's actions but came out with a supportive statement [towards] Spain, this will create a new debate inside the independence movement in Scotland about the EU.
Professor Michael Keating, of the Centre for Constitutional Change, pointed out there was already some antipathy among some Yes supporters towards the EU after the European Commission's then chief Jose Manuel Barroso said ahead of the 2014 referendum that it would be “extremely difficult for an independent Scotland” to join the EU.
Beats the latest Bluetooth speaker has arrived at the FCC this week, indicating that the new compact speaker could be arriving in stores in the next few weeks.
The new Beats Pill Bluetooth speaker is equipped with four drivers and a curved shape, perfect for its name. However full specifications of the Beats Pill speaker are still a little short on the ground and its not known whether the speaker can be used as a speaker phone when making calls with smartphones, as yet.
Other features we do know are its will be equipped with a USB-rechargeable lithium-ion battery, that will provide up to 8.5 hours of use on a single charge.
Unfortunately no information on pricing or worldwide availability has been officially released as yet, but its thought the new Beats Pill Bluetooth speaker will be priced around $276, and may arrive in stores on September 28th 2012. As soon as information comes to light we will keep you updated as always.
Source: Engadget
Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The attack on the counter-narcotics building comes against the backdrop of a hotly-disputed election
A suicide bomber has killed four people, including at least three foreign security guards, in an attack outside Kabul airport, officials say.
The Taliban said they carried out the bombing, which targeted a key counter-narcotics building.
Four insurgents also died, officials say. There is no word on the nationalities of the foreigners killed.
The attack comes days after security forces repelled an attack on Kabul airport by the Taliban.
In a separate attack on Tuesday, a roadside bomb injured a civilian close to the Afghan meteorology department near the civilian entrance of the airport.
'Invader forces'
Heavily armed militants attacked the counter-narcotics building with grenades and automatic weapons.
Police say the bomber rode a motorcycle and detonated his explosives outside the main entrance, located close to a foreign military base 2km (1.2 miles) from the main runway.
In addition to the security guards and insurgents killed in the exchange, at least six other guards were wounded.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Broken glass and debris in the aftermath of the attack lay strewn across the road near Kabul's international airport
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Afghan and foreign security personnel were quick to arrive at the scene of the attack
Image copyright AFP Image caption This is the second attack on Kabul airport in days
An interior ministry spokesman said that the guards were protecting the entrance to the building, where counter-narcotics operations throughout Afghanistan are organised and executed.
Taliban spokesman Zabihulllah Mujahid told the Reuters news agency that "up to 15 invader soldiers were killed or wounded and many vehicles were damaged".
The attacks come against the backdrop of a hotly disputed election process.
The election commission is conducting an audit of votes casts during a presidential run-off, held on 14 June.
Ashraf Ghani won the run-off, according to preliminary results. His rival Abdullah Abdullah came top in the first round in April, but failed to secure 50% of the vote to avoid the run-off.
Both candidates accuse each other of electoral fraud.
By of the
Madison — Acting out of the public eye on controversial measures, Gov. Scott Walker signed asbestos liability legislation Thursday opposed by a number of veterans groups and used a partial veto to loosen new restrictions on early voting opposed by Democrats.
Wielding his pen privately on a stack of 31 bills, Walker approved a number of elections bills Thursday, including the absentee voting measure and another one to give lobbyists more time to give campaign donations to state officials.
In the early-voting measure, Walker used his partial veto powers — the most powerful in the nation — to nix language restricting early voting hours in Milwaukee and other cities to 45 hours a week while leaving in place a provision to prohibit early voting on weekends.
Democrats and Milwaukee officials have decried those voting limits as the latest effort by the GOP to make it harder for minorities, veterans, the elderly and students to vote, saying it amounted to "fixing elections" rather than problems.
At a news conference at Milwaukee's City Hall, Mayor Tom Barrett and several aldermen criticized Republican lawmakers and Walker for backing the measure.
"This is not about fairness. This is not about fixing a problem. This is about fixing election outcome," Barrett said. "It is wrong for democracy. It is wrong for this state and the Republicans and the governor should be ashamed with this piece of legislation."
Neil Albrecht, executive director of the Milwaukee Election Commission, said the legislation signed Thursday will cause longer lines in the city, discouraging voting.
Republicans said they were advancing the measure because they want voting hours to be more uniform around the state, particularly because rural officials don't have the staff to keep clerks' offices open for early voting as late as their urban counterparts.
Under the legislation as rewritten by Walker, early voting in clerk's offices could take place solely on weekdays from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. but would not face the additional limit of 45 hours per week.
Walker also struck out a part of the bill added by Senate Republicans that would have required the state to pay for half of the expenses for smaller communities offering early voting at a cost of about $200,000.
Sen. Glenn Grothman (R-West Bend), a lead sponsor of the measure, said Walker's partial veto was reasonable. He said he had used early voting during the week but said it should be uniform between municipalities.
"There's no demand (for that) in any community in my district," Grothman said of weekend voting.
"Every city on election day has voting from 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. The idea that some communities should have weekend or night voting is obviously unfair," he said.
Assembly Speaker Robin Vos (R-Rochester) said in a statement, "The legislation gives local governments the needed flexibility while maintaining fairness in our elections."
This is the second time Republicans have set limits on early voting since Walker and GOP lawmakers took control of state government in January 2011. That year, the Legislature cut early voting from three weeks, including three weekends, to two weeks, including one weekend.
More than one in five state voters cast an absentee ballot in the November 2012 elections and one in eight voted absentee in April 2013. A Marquette University Law School poll released Wednesday found strong support among state voters for keeping at least the current level of absentee voting hours.
The governor's changes softened the effect of the bill but didn't appease Democrats or Milwaukee officials.
Albrecht said that because state law restricts early voting to one site per municipality, it's a "daunting task" for his agency to offer Milwaukee's 310,000 registered voters similar access to early voting as those in smaller communities. Albrecht said Milwaukee voters sometimes have to stand in line for an hour or more.
"I don't see the fairness in that and I certainly don't see a level playing field between rural and urban communities," he said.
Scot Ross, executive director of the liberal group One Wisconsin Now, signaled a lawsuit against the measure. Barrett said the Milwaukee city attorney also would research whether the city might get involved in a potential lawsuit.
Lester Pines, a Democratic attorney who has sought to overturn other GOP measures, agreed a lawsuit was likely, saying the law discriminated against minorities living in urban areas.
Asbestos bill
The asbestos measure was backed by businesses but strongly opposed by most veterans' groups because they have found the majority of plaintiffs in asbestos lawsuits have served in the military. Asbestos, which has long been used for insulation and fireproofing, can cause cancer and respiratory illnesses.
"In all my years at the Capitol, I have never seen a bill more devastating to veterans. Throughout the past year, veterans groups representing 100,000 Wisconsin veterans negotiated for a better bill. Their pleas were ignored, and the bill was passed and signed into law," said Jason Johns, the legislative officer for the Military Order of the Purple Heart of Wisconsin.
Grothman, a supporter of the asbestos measure, said opposition to the legislation was really due to trial lawyers. Wisconsin manufacturers are being sued by plaintiffs in cases where other parties known as asbestos trusts are the ones who are truly liable, Grothman said.
Walker spokeswoman Laurel Patrick agreed.
"Preventing double-dipping will help make sure there will be resources available for the truly injured down the road," Patrick said.
The drafting file for the bill shows the involvement of a lobbyist for Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce, the state's largest business lobby, and the Wisconsin Civil Justice Council, an alliance of major industries that advocates for limiting lawsuits.
The legislation could help businesses when they are sued because they could point out to the jury that the plaintiffs had filed claims against trusts. That could bolster their arguments they were not to blame for the asbestos exposure at issue in a particular case.
Walker's Democratic opponent, former state Commerce Secretary Mary Burke, opposes the measure.
Also Thursday, Walker:
■ Signed legislation to give lobbyists more time during election years to make financial contributions to lawmakers and other candidates. The measure moves the date up to April 15 from June 1.
Supporters say the change is needed because partisan primaries are now held earlier than they had been for years, lengthening the campaign season. The primaries are held in August instead of September.
Opponents call the measure a gift to special interests.
■ Approved legislation allowing attorneys to appeal court rulings blocking state laws.
The Assembly passed a bill last year that would have allowed state lawyers to block rulings overturning if they file an appeal within 10 days. Republicans introduced the bill after judges struck down parts of Walker's collective bargaining restrictions and voided voter photo identification requirements.
But faced with widespread concerns that the bill was unconstitutional, Senate Republicans scaled it back to give lawyers the right to appeal rulings issued ahead of a final judgment.
Jason Stein reported for this story in Madison and Don Walker in Milwaukee. The Associated Press contributed to this article.
Twitter: twitter.com/jasonmdstein
Crisp and chewy oatmeal peanut butter cookies filled with creamy peanut butter filling. Here is an easy dessert recipe for Oatmeal Peanut Butter Cookie Sandwiches.
Ingredients:
Cookies
3/4 cup flour
1/2 tsp baking soda
1/4 tsp baking powder
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 cup butter, at room temperature
1/2 cup homemade peanut butter
1/2 cup white sugar
1/2 cup brown sugar
1 egg
1 tsp homemade pure vanilla extract
1 cup quick cooking oats
Filling
3 TBS butter, softened
1 cup powdered sugar
1/2 cup smooth peanut butter
2-1/2 TBS heavy cream
Procedures:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease cookie sheets with butter or cooking spray.
Cream together 1/2 cup butter or margarine, 1/2 cup peanut butter, white sugar, brown sugar, and vanilla in a large bowl. Add egg and beat well.
In another bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Add the dry ingredients into the creamed mixture in thirds, beating well after each addition. Add oatmeal and mix well.
Drop dough by teaspoons onto greased baking sheet, and press each mound down with a fork to form 1/4-inch thick cookies. Bake for 10 minutes, or until cookies are a light brown. Cool cookies in a rack.
To make the filling, cream 3 tablespoons butter or margarine with the powdered sugar. Add peanut butter and heavy cream and beat until smooth. Spread filling onto half of the cooled cookies, then top with the other half to form sandwiches.
Get These Other Easy Dessert Recipes:
Comments
comments
This was the first time the university had rescinded the award since it started to bestow it in 1984.
On Monday, The Washington Post published accounts from eight women, three of whom spoke on the record, of misbehavior by Mr. Rose throughout his career, including groping, exposing himself to co-workers and inappropriate phone calls. The next day, he was fired by CBS, and PBS announced it was ceasing distribution of his nightly interview program.
Past recipients of the Cronkite Award include the Washington Post Company chairwoman Katharine Graham, the Watergate reporter Bob Woodward, and the news anchors Christiane Amanpour, Gwen Ifill and Diane Sawyer.
In 2009, the Cronkite Award was given to Brian Williams, then the anchor and managing editor of “NBC Nightly News.” In 2015 Mr. Williams admitted he had falsely claimed that he had been on a helicopter that was shot down in Iraq in 2003. The university did not rescind the award in his case.
Pointing to news reports detailing “sexual harassment and a pattern of unprofessional behavior,” the board of the University of Kansas' William Allen White Foundation withdrew Mr. Rose's National Citation with a vote.
Ann Brill, the dean of the university's journalism school, said in a statement that the board decided Mr. Rose did not live up to an inscription on the award's medallion, which bears the likeness of a celebrated Kansas newspaperman: “An American Journalist Who Exemplifies William Allen White Ideals in Service to His Profession and His Community.”
CUPERTINO, Calif.—Apple's Monday press event fulfilled our expectations of a new iPad reveal, which came in the form of the iPad Pro. However, this isn't the same device that launched last year. Apple's Phil Schiller demonstrated the new 9.7-inch model, whose 32GB, Wi-Fi-only model will launch for $599, while its storage will top out at 256GB for $899.
The new model borrows some of the best elements of the iPad Pro, including a four-speaker array and an updated screen that offers Apple Pencil support. The new device also sports dimensions closer to those of the iPad Air 2, including a 9.7-inch, 2048x1536 resolution screen. (Surprisingly, Schiller didn't mention that its body somehow had the same thickness as the super-skinny iPad Air 2 at 0.24 inches). "It's the lowest reflectivity of any tablet," Schiller said about the "True Tone" display. "True Tone" actively measures brightness and ambient light temperature, and Schiller said the display is also 25 percent brighter than the iPad Air 2.
We expected a processor on par with the last iPad Pro's A9X, and we're getting exactly that processor in this smaller Pro version. The new iPad has also seen a camera boost to a 12MP sensor capable of 4K video recording and a 5MP front-facing FaceTime camera with Retina-display flash.
In addition to the Apple Pencil, the new iPad Pro will support a newly sized Smart Keyboard—along with other accessories that will plug into the device's Smart Connector. Should you wish to fake more like a Surface Pro user, you'll soon be able to use Lightning-port accessories like an SD card reader and a USB camera adapter.
Online orders for the iPad Pro, which will ship in four colors (including the line's first rose-gold option) begin on March 24. The devices ship starting March 31. In addition, price drops are coming to the rest of the iPad line: $399 for the cheapest iPad Air 2, and $269 for the cheapest iPad Mini 2.
If you prefer the 12.9-inch iPad Pro line, by the way, you'll also be able to snap that model up in a 256GB configuration, which will set shoppers back $1099.
Apple's Cupertino event has just concluded, and you can revisit all the action in our liveblog. We'll update this post as new information becomes available.
Wasn't The PATRIOT Act Supposed To Be About Stopping Terrorism?
from the oh-look dept
The PATRIOT Act was all about stopping terrorism, right? We were told that special provisions that ate away at our civil liberties were needed specifically to catch dangerous terrorists -- and that the reason for such an abdication of our rights had nothing to do with simply giving the government more useful surveillance powers. Aaron DeOliveira points us to a fascinating chart that shows how often law enforcement has been using "sneak-and-peek" warrants . These warrants let officials search private property without letting the target of the investigation know. Again, we were told that these expanded powers were needed to stop terrorism. So what have they been used for? Take a look:Yup. They're all pretty much being used in drug cases. Now some might make the argument that it's important to go after drug dealers -- but that's not how the PATRIOT Act was supposed to be used.
Filed Under: drugs, law enforcement, patriot act, sneak and peek, terrorism
An international team of researchers has completed a decades-long study of tiny salamanders found in the high-mountain forests of Oaxaca, Mexico, and concluded that they represent three new species of the enigmatic genus Thorius. With adults smaller than a matchstick, these salamanders are the smallest tailed tetrapods -- their miniaturized bodies are highly unusual for a vertebrate, with structures for feeding and reproduction being among the most prominent.
Although once extremely abundant, populations of Thorius have declined precipitously over the last 30-35 years and living Thorius are now rarely found in nature. The new species were discovered by using a combination of sophisticated molecular analyses (including DNA sequencing), digital imaging (X-ray computed tomography) and statistical analysis of external and internal anatomy. They have been named Thorius pinicola (meaning "Pine-dwelling Minute Salamander"), Thorius longicaudus ("Long-tailed Minute Salamander") and Thorius tlaxiacus ('Heroic Minute Salamander'). The findings underscore the large number of amphibian species that remain to be discovered and formally described -- and hopefully saved -- before they are lost.
Thorius were first discovered in the 19th century, and for the next 75 years scientists believed there was only a single species. Nine additional species were discovered between 1940 and 1960, but the adults are so small that the species were hard to tell apart. A breakthrough came in the 1970's, when biologists discovered that many species, while anatomically similar, could be readily told apart by using molecular techniques, which then revealed subtle anatomical features that differentiate them. Since then, many more species have been discovered and named and the three newly named species bring the current total to 29. This dramatic increase in the number of known species of Thorius parallels what has been happening in the study of amphibians generally. For at least the last 30 years, the number of valid, named amphibian species worldwide has increased at a rate of about 3% per year. Whereas in 1985 biologists thought there were around 4,000 species of amphibians, today they recognize more than 7,500. More new ones are being discovered almost daily.
Tragically, the discovery and documentation of hidden amphibian diversity coincides with the precipitous decline of amphibians globally. Many once-abundant species have gone extinct in the last 50 years, and others are likely doomed to a similar fate barring effective steps to save them. Of the nearly 30 species of Thorius now recognized, almost all are regarded as Endangered or Critically Endangered by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature. Indeed, Thorius may be the world's most endangered genus of amphibians. There is a realistic chance that all living species could be extinct within the next 50 years.
These findings were published in the journal PeerJ on November 15th 2016 by scientists from the Institute of Biology and the National Laboratory of Genomics for Biodiversity, Mexico; from the Museum of Natural Sciences, Spain; and from the University of Texas at Austin, the University of California at Berkeley, and Harvard University, USA. The research was begun in the early 1970s and involved extensive fieldwork in southern Mexico over several decades in order to sample critical populations in remote areas.
BILLINGS, Mont. -- Yellowstone National Park proposes to kill roughly 1,000 wild bison this winter - mostly calves and females - as officials seek to curb the animals' annual migration into Montana.
American bison make a comeback in the Midwest
Park officials will meet Thursday with representatives of American Indian tribes, the state and other federal agencies to decide on the plan. It marks the continuation of a controversial 2000 agreement between Montana and the federal government that calls for killing bison to prevent the spread of disease to livestock.
Almost 5,000 bison roamed the park this summer. A harsh winter could drive thousands into areas of southwestern Montana.
Hunters, including from tribes with treaty rights in the Yellowstone area, are anticipated to kill more than 300 of the animals. Others would be captured for slaughter or research purposes.
Nevada's Marqueze Coleman could miss his fourth straight game with an ankle injury. (Photo: Jason Bean/RGJ file)
LAS VEGAS – A few more days have passed but the Wolf Pack didn't seem any more confident that Marqueze Coleman will be healthy enough to play in the team's MW Tournament opener Thursday.
“If we had a game today, I wouldn't be able to play,” Coleman said before Tuesday's practice.
Said coach Eric Musselman, reiterating what he said after Saturday's game: “I have no hope”
Coleman, who has missed the last three games after injuring his ankle, hasn't been able to practice since suffering the injury Feb. 24 (Coleman landed on the foot of a Utah State defender after hitting a three).
“I know I'm preparing as if he's not going to play,” said Musselman, adding it wasn't gamesmanship. “I think the worst thing that can happen is he tries to play and he's not 100 percent. Then he won't be able to defend. His game is a game of jumping, a game of athleticism, a game of getting to the basket.”
Coleman has been cleared to play by Wolf Pack trainer Shelly Germann and Musselman said it will be Coleman's call if the senior point guard plays against New Mexico (tipoff is 2:30 p.m. Thursday).
“It's nagging and it's severe,” Coleman said (Nevada is 1-2 without him over the last three games). “You try and try. I'm still out there trying to jog. I'm still pretty far away. I want to go as badly as possible but if I feel like I'll be a detriment to the team I won't chance it. If I feel like it will be a detriment to my long-term health, I won't chance it. We have a few days to go and hopefully it gets better by then.”
Coleman said he thought he broke his ankle on the play. He wasn't able to walk for a few days and was limited to crutches. An X-ray revealed no breaks but a deep bone bruise, which has lingered. The Wolf Pack has struggled offensively since he's been out and while fellow senior, Tyron Criswell, has stepped up his game in Coleman's absence, Coleman said some others need to follow that lead in crunch time.
“I'm looking for that one guy to really step up when we really need a big play,” Coleman said. “In the last two games, guys are a little timid to try to stand out because if you miss the shot you're going to get yelled at by coach. But you have to have balls. We need somebody to step up and make that play and whether you make it or miss you just have to live with decision like that.”
Freshman Lindsey Drew, a starter all season, has moved into the point guard spot with Coleman out. He played well in the first game without Coleman, nearly posting a triple-double, but has struggled in the last two games and was benched for the first time this year in the final nine minutes of the team's last game, a loss to New Mexico.
“He's always been a basketball player who makes the right play, who makes the extra pass and things like that,” Coleman said. “In some situations, it's tough to do that because the shots aren't falling. When I talk to him, I tell him, ‘Lindsey, you have to be more assertive and aggressive and make guys guard you because when they guard you that draws multiple defenders and allows kick-outs and things like that.'”
Musselman said Coleman will need to practice at least once before Thursday's game if he's going to play. Coleman is hopeful he'll be able to play this week. If not, he might not wear a Pack uniform again.
“I'd be very disappointed,” said Coleman, who has never won a game at the MW Tournament. “Those are my guys and I love playing with them and this is potentially my last game. I'd be very disappointed.”
COLEMAN, OLIVER HONORED
Coleman was named to the All-MW second team by the conference's coaches Tuesday, an honor Coleman appreciated even if he thought he should have been placed on the first team.
“It's a little more motivation and another chip on my shoulder added,” Coleman said.
Freshman Cameron Oliver was named to the All-MW third team and was one of five players on the conference's all-defensive team. Musselman was pleased with his players' honors but was “baffled” Drew, the Wolf Pack's top perimeter player, wasn't named to the all-defensive team as well.
In the media awards handed out earlier this week, Coleman and Oliver were named second team; Oliver was the MW freshman of the year; and Tyron Criswell was the MW sixth player of the year.
“For the student-athletes, those awards are great,” said Musselman, a candidate for coach of the year. “The guys who received those awards took great pride in it. I know their parents did because we texted and sent some of the clippings to some of the parents. I think all of that stuff is great for the kids.”
The coaches' top honors went to: Fresno State's Marvelle Harris (player of the year); SDSU's Steve Fisher (coach of the year); SDSU's Skylar Spencer (defensive player of year); SDSU's Jeremy Hemsley (freshman of year); New Mexico's Elijah Brown (newcomer of year); and SJSU's Brandon Clarke (sixth man of year).
WOLF PACK BASKETBALL
Who: No. 4 New Mexico (17-14, 10-8 MW) vs. No. 5 Nevada (18-12, 10-8 MW)
When: Thursday, 2:30 p.m.
Where: Thomas & Mack Center (capacity 19,522)
Radio/TV: 94.5 FM/CBS Sports Network
Welcome back to the Rocket Talk Podcast! This week, Justin invites blogger and author Aidan Moher on to discuss his new self-published book, Tide of Shadows and Other Stories. The two discuss the state of self-publishing and why Moher chose that route. Afterward, they have a frank discussion about the state of blogging and a few books coming out later this year.
Aidan Moher is the 2014 Hugo Award winning blogger in residence at A Dribble of Ink. His first book, Tide of Shadows and Other Stories can be found on Amazon. Follow him on Twitter @adribbleofink.
Rocket Talk, Episode 55 (45:42)
Listen through your browser here:
On a mobile device or want to save the podcast for later?
Just click (or right click Save As) here.
Get Rocket Talk on iTunes
Get the Rocket Talk feed
Find us through Tumblr
Also! If you have an idea for an episode of Rocket Talk or would like to come on as a guest, reach out to Justin Landon at [email protected]. Obviously, we can't accommodate everyone, but we're always looking for new ideas and fresh perspectives.
Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman was visibly annoyed when presented with the latest round of complaints from settler leaders who accuse the government of a “de facto freeze” on settlement expansion, noting that the government approved 3,651 settler units in just two days over the last week.
Lieberman went on to insist that the far-right government is already expanding the settlements at the “maximum” level that they can conceivably be done, and that in the first half of the year Israel has announced the most expansion of any time since the signing of the 1992 Oslo Accords.
The Defense Ministry is in charge of overseeing the settlements and the rest of the occupied territory, and Lieberman insists that he is well aware of the needs for major expansion, which is why the government has been expanding at such an unusually rapid rate.
At the same time, the Trump Administration has been pushing heavily for Israel to at least limit the rate of growth, and while clearly the government doesn't feel the need to limit in any practical way, they can use the call for limitation to justify current construction levels, which no matter how rapidly they grow will never be enough for many settler figures.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
We've already gotten to see a teaser trailer for Hidden Figures, but today we've got a full-length trailer with just a little bit more from Taraji P. Henson (as Katherine Johnson), Octavia Spencer (as Dorothy Vaughan) and Janelle Monáe (as Mary Jackson). It's a good thing this movie is coming out, since as the comments on this trailer prove, a lot of people did not know about these women… and still refuse to believe in them now:
Here's Drake and Dave Chapelle getting their minds blown by a super-weird David Blaine magic trick.
Want to play a Star Wars tabletop game with really familiar mechanics? How about the Star Wars twist on Clue, which challenges players to escape the Death Star? (via io9)
This Japanese railroad company builds tunnels underneath the tracks so that turtles can safely cross.
Worried that Disney Junior's Doc McStuffins would get canceled! Worry no longer! Shadow and Act confirms the show will get a fifth season after all.
Elizabeth Warren wrote a letter to Trump that pushes back against his staffing appointments for his transition team, which she describes as “a slew of Wall Street bankers, industry insiders, and special interest lobbyists.” That certainly flies in the face of the “anti-establishment” team that Trump promised voters.
This dog has proven to be the ultimate master of the Mannequin Challenge:
What did you see out there today?
Want more stories like this? Become a subscriber and support the site!
—The Mary Sue has a strict comment policy that forbids, but is not limited to, personal insults toward anyone, hate speech, and trolling.—
Follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google+.
'Most popular' metrics in App Engine
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under python, coding, app-engine, tech, datastore
One useful and common statistic to provide to users is a metric akin to "7 day downloads" or "7 day popularity". This appears across many sites and types of webapp, yet the best way to do this is far from obvious.
The naive approach is to record each download individually, and use something akin to "SELECT count(*) FROM downloads WHERE item_id = 123 AND download_date > seven_days_ago", but this involves counting each download individually - O(n) work with the number of downloads! Caching the count is an option, but still leads to excessive amounts of work at read-time.
Another option is to maintain an array of daily download counts, keeping the last 7. This is an improvement from a workload point of view, but leads to either discontinuities at the start of a new day, or to all counts being updated only once per day.
There is a third option, however, which has the performance of the second option, with the responsiveness of the first. To use it, however, we have to reconsider slightly what we mean by '7 day popularity'. The solution in question is to use an exponential decay process. Each time an event happens, we increase the item's popularity figure, which continuously decays over an extended period, ensuring that the figure provides a representation of recent popularity.
In order to figure out at what rate our popularity figure should decay, we can look to the 'mean lifetime' formula. If we think about the current popularity as a set, the mean lifetime figure allows us to calculate a decay rate such that an element (for example, an individual download) will remain in the set for a specified average amount of time - for example, 7 days.
The relevant formula is N(t) = N 0 e-t/r, where N 0 is the value at the start, t is the amount of time elapsed, and r is the decay rate, which is simply the inverse of the mean lifetime. Here's how we calculate it in practice:
def timedelta_to_seconds(delta): return delta.days * 86400 + delta.seconds + delta.microseconds / 1000000.0 MEAN_DOWNLOAD_LIFETIME = timedelta_to_seconds(datetime.timedelta(days=7)) def decay(value, elapsed): # What fraction of the mean lifetime has elapsed? decay_fraction = timedelta_to_seconds(elapsed) / MEAN_DOWNLOAD_LIFETIME return value * (math.e ** -decay_fraction)
In the above code, we define MEAN_DOWNLOAD_LIFETIME as the number of seconds in 7 days, and the function decay 'decays' a value, given the amount of time elapsed since the value was last evaluated.
Of course, in practice we can't have a value that continuously decays, much less store one in the datastore. The solution is to use an approximation: We will store the current value of the popularity metric, along with how long it's been since we last applied the decay function. Each time we increment the popularity metric, we'll first apply the decay function to make sure it's up to date. Here's an example model:
class File(db.Model): popularity = db.FloatProperty(required=True, default=0.0) last_decay = db.DateTimeProperty(required=True, auto_now_add=True) def update_popularity(self, delta): now = datetime.datetime.now() self.popularity = decay(self.popularity, now - self.last_decay) + delta self.last_decay = now
The standard caveats when dealing with frequently updated values apply here: update_popularity should be called inside a transaction that fetches and puts the File object, and depending on the expected update frequency, you should use a technique to alleviate contention issues when updating the record - my unsharded counter recipe would be a good choice here.
The solution we have now, then, allows us to search and rank based on popularity in an efficient manner, at the cost of using a slightly different metric (exponential decay of popularity, rather than absolute download counts). You've probably realized that the ranking may not be entirely fair, however: A slightly less popular, but less recently updated entity may be ranked higher than a more popular but more recently updated entity. For the most part, this will be taken care of by regular updates to the entities, but we still need a way to clean up after the stragglers. This can be achieved with a scheduled task that applies the decay function to any particularly out-of-date entities:
An assistant principal at a California high school has reportedly apologized after he removed a student from a pageant for making a pro-gay comment on stage.
Student Kearian Gertz was asked where he saw himself in 10 years during a competition Tuesday night for senior male students at Fullerton Union High School, KTLA-TV reported. Gertz responded by saying he hoped gay marriage would be legalized soon so that he could marry the love of his life, according to the station.
"I just want to be able to sit on the couch by the person I love and happily proclaim that we're married," Gertz later told the station, as he recalled the incident. "Hopefully, 10 years from now I'll be able to do that if gay marriage is legal."
Assistant Principal Joe Abell reportedly pulled Gertz from the competition upon hearing the remark.
"As soon as I came off stage, he said, 'Why would you say something like that?' and told me I was disqualified," Gertz told KTLA-TV.
Students protested Abell's handling of the incident, with some passing out letters asking where Abell saw himself in 10 years.
He apologized Wednesday morning over the school's public address system after Fullerton Joint Union High School District Superintendent George Giokaris said in a statement that Abell did not handle the matter appropriately, the station reported.
Click for more on this story from KTLA.com
How Can A Video Game Company DMCA A Patreon Page For An Emulator? DMCA 1201 Strikes Again
from the 1201-v.-512 dept
You may have heard the story earlier this week that the video game company Atlus had issued a DMCA takedown over a Patreon page for the creators of RPCS3 -- an open source PlayStation 3 emulator, because people could use that emulator to play the Atlus game Persona 5. An awful lot of people immediately said that this was a crazy DMCA takedown, and it's clear that a Patreon page is not violating the copyright of Persona 5 itself. And it is messed up, but perhaps not for the reasons most people are thinking. A DMCA takedown here may actually be legitimate under the law. Rather than a bogus takedown, this may be yet another example of just how fucked up the DMCA is.
The big clue: Atlus itself put up a weird blog post defending the action that is mostly nonsensical, stating lots of things that have nothing to do with copyright law, but see if you catch the one thing that is actually covered by copyright (okay, okay, I've put it in bold for you):
You might have heard earlier today that we issued a DMCA takedown notice involving emulation developer group RPCS3 and their Patreon page. Yes, it's true. We settled upon this action for two reasons: We believe that our fans best experience our titles (like Persona 5) on the actual platforms for which they are developed. We don't want their first experiences to be framerate drops, or crashes, or other issues that can crop up in emulation that we have not personally overseen. We understand that many Persona fans would love to see a PC version. And while we don't have anything to announce today, we are listening! For now, the best way to experience Persona 5 is on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 3. We appreciate the awareness generated by the emulation community for Persona 5 and know that it is a fantastic example of how much people are loving our game. We want to keep bringing you titles like Persona 5. Unfortunately, when our content is illegally circumvented and potentially made available for free, in a format we do not think delivers the experience and quality we intend, it undermines our ability to do so by diverting potential support from new audiences. We want to continue having a dialogue about where and how you would like to play our games. Please let us know what you think.
So here's what I think is going on. It's similar to another story we wrote about a few weeks back, concerning how an anti-adblock company was able to use the DMCA to delete a URL from an adblock list. The key is that this is not what most people think of as a DMCA takedown. Most DMCA takedowns are filed under DMCA 512, which has as whole section on how the "notice and takedown" process works. This is what is used to tell a third party site that a user has uploaded some infringing material. But that's clearly not the case with the Patreon account for RPCS3.
And that's where the other part of the DMCA comes into play, the digital locks anti-circumvention part, known as DMCA 1201. This is the part of copyright law that (bizarrely) makes it a violation of copyright if you "manufacture, import, offer to the public, provide, or otherwise traffic in any technology, product, service, device, component, or part thereof that is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title." In short, violating 1201 means doing something to circumvent DRM. Now, we've spent many blog posts explaining why this is dumb, and how there are tons of legitimate, non-infringing reasons to get around DRM, but 1201 more or less ignores most of that.
Of course, there is no notice-and-takedown process for 1201 violations. But, increasingly, we've seen companies assuming that if they see what they believe is a 1201 violation, they can file a 512-like notice, and platforms feel obligated to treat it similar to a 512 notice -- which means removing the offending material to avoid the possibility of liability. It's not at all clear if this is what the law requires.
It's also not at all clear if the Patreon page at issue here violates 1201. Going on the text of Atlus' blog post, it would certainly apear that they're trying to claim that the Patreon page is a form of "offering to the public" a "technology" that is porduced for "circumventing" the DRM on Persona 5. I think this is a huge stretch to read DMCA 1201 this way -- since it requires the product to be primarily designed for such a purpose, to have "limited commercially significant purpose or use other than" circumvention, or is marketed in a way that advertises the circumvention capabilities. Perhaps Atlus is arguing the latter point. That because the makers of RPCS3 have publicly stated that you can play Persona 5 on it, that's advertising the circumvention capabilities (still feels like a big stretch).
Either way, that would also explain why Patreon settled things by having RPCS3 simply remove all references to Persona 5.
In discussion with the very helpful people over at Patreon we have decided to proceed with caution. Per the request of Patreon, we removed every single reference to Persona 5 on the Patreon page itself and rpcs3.net. This seems to have resolved the situation.
Of course, the RPCS3 Team also points out that Atlus could have just reached out to them directly, rather then sending the takedown to Patreon, and also pointing out that this whole effort seems pretty pointless by Atlus:
RPCS3 as a project and the Patreon itself are safe. And whatever people may wish, there's no way to stop any playable game from being executed on the emulator. Blacklisting the game? RPCS3 is open-source, any attempt would easily be reversed. Attempting to take down the project? At the time of this post, this and many other games were already playable to their full extent, and again, RPCS3 is and will always be an open-source project.
But, once again, we're seeing just how weird and messed up the DMCA's anti-circumvention provisions are -- and how people are now using them similar to the DMCA 512 notice and takedown provisions. I assume this will not be the last time we see these kinds of questionable takedowns being sent.
Filed Under: anti-circumvention, copyright, dmca, dmca 1201, dmca 512, drm, emulation, emulators, rpcs3
Companies: altus, patreon
Image copyright AP Image caption The USS George HW Bush has been sent to the Gulf by the US along with two other military vessels
Washington is considering direct talks with Iran on the security situation in Iraq, a US official has told the BBC.
The move comes as US President Barack Obama weighs up options on action to take in Iraq.
Meanwhile, the US condemned as "horrifying" photos posted online by Sunni militants that appear to show fighters massacring Iraqi soldiers.
In the scenes, the soldiers are shown being led away and lying in trenches before and after their "execution".
The Iraqi military said the pictures were real, but their authenticity has not been independently confirmed.
The BBC's Jim Muir, in northern Iraq, says if the photographs are genuine, it would be by far the biggest single atrocity since the time of the American-led invasion of Iraq in 2003.
Their emergence came as the Iraqi government claimed to have "regained the initiative" against an offensive by Sunni rebels led by ISIS - the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant.
Extremists captured key cities, including Mosul and Tikrit, last week, but several towns have now been retaken from the rebels.
However the insurgents captured the northern city of Tal Afar, west of Mosul, overnight after a heavy mortar bombardment.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The images appear to show captured Iraqi soldiers in civilian clothes being led away by militants, as the BBC's John Simpson reports
Vienna talks
While the US and Iran are old adversaries, both have an interest in curbing the growing threat posed by ISIS and both are considering military support to the Iraqi government, says the BBC's Rajini Vaidyanathan in Washington.
The US is said to be considering direct discussions with Tehran which could even take place as early as this week.
The two countries are due to hold the latest round of talks on Iran's nuclear programme in Vienna.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has said he will consider co-operation if the US takes action in Iraq.
The USS George HW Bush aircraft carrier is already being deployed to the Gulf, accompanied by two more warships. But Washington says no US troops will be deployed on the ground.
The US has also announced it is increasing security at its embassy in Baghdad and relocating some staff members to safer areas.
Meanwhile, there are reports that more than 130 Iranian Revolutionary Guards are in Iraq to provide training and advice.
Image copyright AP Image caption The pictures have not been independently verified, but military sources said they were authentic
Taken in trucks
The massacre pictures, apparently posted by ISIS, are said to show what happened to soldiers after the group took over an army base in Tikrit.
Video footage, apparently filmed earlier, shows many hundreds of men being marched off, with the voice on tape saying they had surrendered at the Speicher base.
Still photographs show large numbers of young men being transported away in trucks.
Captions on the photographs, which again appeared to have been issued by ISIS, said they were being taken away to their deaths.
What appears to be ISIS fighters are seen firing on their captives in some images.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The insurgency is increasingly splitting communities along sectarian lines, as the BBC's Paul Wood reports
Sources in the rebel movement, who do not belong to ISIS, told the BBC they believed as many as 1,000 personnel from the base had been executed.
They said the ISIS fighters had divided them into regular army conscripts, who were set free, and volunteers from Shia militias or from the government's elite Golden Brigade, who were condemned to die.
Earlier, Iraqi army spokesman Lt Gen Qasim Ata said the military had scored successes against the militants in several areas, killing 279 of them. The figure could not be independently verified.
Government forces were reported to be building up in the city of Samarra, north of Baghdad, ready for a counter-offensive on Tikrit.
Image copyright AP Image caption There are reports that thousands of men have joined Shia militias
ISIS in Iraq
The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) has 3,000 to 5,000 fighters, and grew out of an al-Qaeda-linked organisation in Iraq
Joined in its offensives by other Sunni militant groups, including Saddam-era officers and soldiers, and disaffected Sunni tribal fighters
ISIS has exploited the standoff between the Iraqi government and the minority Sunni Arab community, which complains that Shia Prime Minister Nouri Maliki is monopolising power
The organisation is led by Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, an obscure figure regarded as a battlefield commander and tactician
Are you in Saadiya, Jalawla or Baghdad? Have you been affected by the latest developments? You can email haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk using the title 'Iraq'.
I stan anything to do with Tokyo Girls' Style, including flop indie idol groups that totally rip them off.
Fukuoka five-piece photograph (it's stylized that way, I didn't forget the capital ‘P') debuted last year with the peppy “Sky Blue Everyday.” They resembled TGS in the music video, but it would've been a reach to call them copycats since their sound was different.
Their follow up, “Junjou Dilemma,” is TGS down to a tee. The same hairstyles, clothes, vocals, and retro Royal Mirrorball production. (Choreography is a bit sloppy though–AVEX trained TGS well!)
Photograph are even doing this whole ‘~Road to ZEPP~' thing in the lead up to their first solo concert to copy Tokyo Girls' Style's ‘Road To Budokan' project from 2012.
With the help of Google Translate I did some investigating, and it turns out that photograph's music is all produced by Hiroshi Chikuda, who has worked both alone and alongside Royal Mirrorball a.k.a. Hiroshi Matsui on multiple TGS tracks in the past.
I don't really get the point of pulling a single white female (single Japanese girl group?) on TGS, especially since they aren't even that popular anyway, but it's cool. I can handle all the TGS I can get, real or counterfeit, and maybe the flop photograph will fill some old-school TGS void now that the quintet have vowed to transition from idols into artists and branched out into weird and cool side projects.
Check out “Junjou Dilemma” below. I also threw in photograph's random ~Road to ZEPP~ Rocky tribute too.
COPENHAGEN -- A headless female torso found in Copenhagen Harbor has been identified by Danish police as that of Swedish journalist Kim Wall, who police think was killed on a homemade submarine.
The female torso -- without legs, arms or a head -- was found by a passer-by, said the head of the investigation, Jens Moller Jensen.
Jensen told reporters Wednesday that the body was attached to a piece of metal, "likely with the purpose to make it sink." The body "washed ashore after having been at sea for a while," he said. He added police found marks on the torso indicating someone tried to press air out of the body so that it would fall to the bottom and wouldn't float.
Dried blood was found inside the submarine that also matched Wall's DNA, he said.
"On Aug. 12, we secured a hairbrush and a toothbrush to ensure her DNA. We also found blood in the submarine and there is a match," Moeller Jensen said.
The cause of the journalist's death is not yet known, police said.
Wall, 30, went missing more than a week ago after a trip on the submarine owned by 46-year-old Peter Madsen, a Danish inventor.
A Dec. 28, 2015 handout photo portrait of Swedish journalist Kim Wall, taken in Trelleborg, Sweden. AP
Madsen, who remains detained in police custody, initially told police that she disembarked from the submarine to a Copenhagen island several hours into their trip and that he did not know what happened to her afterward, but later told authorities "an accident occurred onboard that led to her death" and he "buried" her at sea.
Madsen was arrested after his submarine sank off Denmark's eastern coast, an event police said they suspected the inventor caused on purpose.
Madsen was known for financing his submarine project through crowdfunding. The first launch of his 40-ton, nearly 60-foot-long UC3 Nautilus in 2008 made international headlines.
The Submarine UC3 Nautilus is lifted onto a block truck from the salvage ship Vina with the help of a container crane in Copenhagen's Harbor, on August 12, 2017. Getty
Wall's family earlier told The Associated Press that she had worked in many dangerous places as a journalist and it was unimaginable "something could happen ... just a few miles from the childhood home."
The International Women's Media Foundation said it was "deeply saddened" to receive confirmation that Wall had died.
"She was dogged in her pursuit of important and sometimes quirky stories. She was adored by those who knew her," the organization said in a statement.
Wall was last seen atop the Nautilus submarine on Aug. 10, about to embark on a brief ride in the vessel for a profile about its Danish inventor.
Before his arrest, Madsen appeared on Danish television to discuss the submarine's sinking and his rescue.
The journalist's boyfriend alerted authorities that the sub had not returned from a test run, police said.
In this issue we consider the role videogames play for our own identity and the portrayal of such matters within the medium. Including our musings on crossplay, the current state of debate, the late addition of same-sex interactions to The Old Republic, both sides of sexism, our interview with gender podcastress Regina McMenomy and much more.
Download it here.
Ron Rosenburg's comment about the player as Lara's helper comes from this Kotaku piece.
Concerning the nature of Proteus, Ian Bogost has written a trio of game reviews for Gamasutra. Our own editor has previously shared his opinion on Killing is Harmless. Mattie Brice's Would You Kindly can be found here, Jonas Kyratzes Would You Kindly Not here, Electron Dance's The Ethics of Selling Children here and Brice's response to the discussion here. On the subject of gamers as the educated elite, consider reading this piece by John Brindle.
Robert Rath has written about Makeb and what it means for LGBT issues at great detail over on The Escapist.
Patricia Hernandez original article can be found here and she has since expanded on the issue of ‘camwhores'. You can find ShrineNI on Youtube should you so desire, but Haywire will not link to his videos.
Regina McMenomy's weekly podcast can be found over at Game on Girl.
Francisco Dominguez attended the Tomb Raider preview event using free tickets from a giveaway by UK newspaper The Guardian, who also wrote about the event.
Read, comment, enjoy.
Steve Bannon, the former chief strategist for the White House and chairman of President Trump's campaign, sat down with Charlie Rose of CBS News's "60 Minutes" for his first-ever television interview, which was long and candid.
Since he left the White House in August, Bannon has resumed running the right-wing news site, Breitbart News. During his interview he shared his opinions on the firing of James Comey, working with the Republicacn establishment, the "Access Hollywood" tape, and Hillary Clinton, among other topics.
Here are some of the key takeaways from Bannon's "60 Minutes" interview:
Taking on the GOP establishment
Steve Bannon: GOP establishment "trying to nullify the 2016 election"
"The Republican establishment is trying to nullify the 2016 election. That's a brutal fact we have to face," Bannon told Rose.
The former chief of staff cited Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, claiming that "they do not want Donald Trump's populist, economic nationalist agenda to be implemented."
"They're gonna be held accountable if they do not support the president of the United States. Right now there's no accountability," he later added.
GOP failure to repeal Obamacare
Bannon expanded on what he sees as a significant failure on the part of GOP leadership: they couldn't repeal and replace Obamacare.
The very first meetings we had with the Republican establishment, here was the plan that was laid out. The plan was to do Obamacare because, remember, Paul Ryan and these guys come in and said, 'We've done this for seven years. We've voted on this 50 times. We understand this issue better than anybody. We know how to repeal and we know how to replace, and this is ours. That's what we're going to start with day one, and we will have something on your desk by Easter. By the Easter break, we'll do repeal and replace. Come back from Easter, and all the way up to the August break, taxes. Come back from the summer break, on Labor Day, and we drive home to the end of the year on infrastructure. We accomplish all three big legislative goals in the first year.'
As Bannon put it, "There is wide discrepancy in the Republican party, as we know today, now that we're in it. But I will tell you, leadership didn't know it at the time. They didn't know it 'til the very end."
It's now September, and the Affordable Care Act remains in place, after the Senate failed to repeal the bill. Last week, Mr. Trump forged a deal with Democrats for the debt ceiling, funding the government and Harvey aid. It was a move that stunned Republican leadership, but the president wanted to be able to move on to work on the tax code.
Gary Cohn should have resigned
In the aftermath of the racially motivated violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, when President Trump seemed to blame white supremacists and counterprotesters equally, Bannon told Rose, "I was the only guy that came out and tried to defend him," saying that he tried "taking it up to a higher level. He said he wondered, "Where does this end? Does it end in taking down the Washington Monument?"
While he called neo-Nazis and neo-Confederates and KKK members "absolutely awful" and said "there's no room in American politics for that," Bannon declared that his problem was, "When you side with a man, you side with him."
"If you're going to break, then resign," Bannon said, adding, "If you find it unacceptable, you should resign."
Rose asked who he was talking about.
"I'm talking about obviously, about Gary Cohn and some other people," Bannon replied, in reference to a Financial Times interview in which the chief economic adviser expressed concern over the violence. "That if you don't like what he's doing and you don't agree with it, you have an obligation to resign."
When asked if he believes Cohn should have resigned, Bannon replied "Absolutely."
Trump's firing of Comey was the biggest mistake in "modern political history"
Rose asked whether it was true that Bannon had described President Trump's termination of former FBI Director James Comey as the biggest mistake in political history.
Why Steve Bannon was against Trump firing FBI's James Comey
"That probably would be too bombastic even for me, but maybe modern political history," replied Bannon.
Rose then asked Bannon to confirm what he was suggesting: "So the firing of James Comey was the biggest mistake in modern political history?"
"I think, if you're saying that that's associated with me, then I'll leave it at that," Bannon conceded.
He also told Rose that "I don't think there's any doubt that if James Comey had not been fired, we would not have a special counsel." Asked whether he thought Robert Mueller, the special counsel overseeing the Russia probe, should be fired, Bannon replied, "No, I do not."
Bannon calls Russia investigations "a total and complete farce"
Bannon: "There's nothing to the Russia investigation"
"There's nothing to the Russia investigation," Bannon said, calling the multiple investigations in the House and Senate as well as the special counsel probe of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election "a waste of time."
"It's a total and complete farce. Russian collusion is a farce," Bannon said.
When asked about specific documents relating to the CIA and FBI intelligence, Bannon replied that he "would never devolve classified information on this show, but that "it's far from conclusive that the Russians had any impact on this election."
"Hillary Clinton's not very bright"
"Hillary Clinton's not very bright," says Steve Bannon
Bannon called the former Democratic presidential candidate "not very bright."
"She doesn't really have a grasp, she doesn't have a grasp on what's important and what's not," Bannon said. "And that's essential in a leader. Donald Trump has a grasp on what's important and what's marginalia."
He alluded to a speech she gave during the campaign about Breitbart, in which she attacked Breitbart for giving white supremacists a platform.
"That speech of hers is an embarrassment. Breitbart -- alt-right, ethno-nationalism, white supremacist. It landed flat," he said. He added, "Not only is it morally wrong, it's also totally irrelevant. Economic nationalism is what this country was built on." Bannon suggested that Clinton had made the mistake of focusing on identity politics, which, he said is not the economic argument embraced by other Democrats. "Sherrod Brown gets this. Tim Ryan gets this....The people around Schumer get this," he said. They understand it. They're trying to reverse it. They're trying to get the identity politics out."
Bannon continued, "The only question before us is, is it going to be a left-wing populism or a right-wing populism."
"And that is the question that will be answered in 2020," he told Rose.
Bannon sees himself as a "streetfighter"
Steve Bannon: "I'm a street fighter"
"I think I'm a street fighter. And by the way, I think that's why Donald Trump and I get along so well. Donald Trump's a fighter. Great counter puncher. Great counter puncher. He's a fighter," Bannon said, adding that the media's portrayal of him as a "streetfighter" is "pretty accurate."
Looks like Margot Robbie took her Harry Potter obsession pretty seriously during her teenage years!
The 25-year-old Australian actress made an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live! on Tuesday, when she revealed herself to be a "massive Harry Potter nerd." The topic came up while discussing her latest film,TheLegend of Tarzan, since it was directed by David Yates, who also directed four of the Harry Potter films. Yates is also directing the highly anticipated adaptation of author J.K. Rowling's Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
And if you thought the gorgeous blonde couldn't possibly have any awkward childhood photos, think again. Kimmel ended up surprising Robbie with a hilarious throwback snap of herself in bed reading Harry Potter in a turtleneck and glasses, holding a cup of tea.
ABC
PICS: The Best Celebrity Flashback Photos
"Literally, the most embarrassing photo of my whole life," Robbie laughed, explaining that it was taken on her 13th birthday. "I'm clearly really enjoying myself reading Harry Potter. I have braces, which I had for two years. I was really into slicking my hair back, God knows why. And I'm wearing glasses, which I didn't actually need."
Robbie admits she lied to get prescription glasses so she could look like Harry Potter, when in reality, her vision is 20/20.
"They're not even cool ones, they're like, ugly glasses," Robbie joked. "I went to the optometrist and was like, 'No, I can't see that. Oh, my eyes hurt!'"
WATCH: Margot Robbie Didn't Know She Was Partying With Prince Harry
ET chatted with both Robbie and her Tarzan co-star, Alexander Skarsgard, earlier this month, when they dished on filming animalistic love scenes for the film.
"I think it's difficult with someone like Margot to not have great chemistry, because she's the most lovely, warm personality," Skarsgard gushed. "It didn't take long. We had so much fun together."
Watch below:
Sandy Ikeda and I have published a new Mercatus paper on the regressive effects of land use regulation. We review the empirical literature on how the effects of rules such as maximum density, parking requirements, urban growth boundaries, and historic preservation affect housing prices. Nearly all of the studies on the price effects of land use regulations find that — as supply and demand analysis would predict — these rules increase the price of housing. While the broad consensus on the price effects of land use regulations is probably to no surprise to Market Urbanism readers, some policy analysts continue to insist that in fact rules requiring detached, single family homes help cities maintain housing affordability.
Ed Glaeser, Joseph Gyourko, and Raven Saks estimate the effects of regulations on house prices in their paper “Why Is Manhattan So Expensive? Regulation and the Rise in Housing Prices.” They estimate what they call the “zoning tax” in 21 cities. The zoning tax indicates the proportion of housing costs that are due to land use regulations. The chart below shows the percentage of housing costs that this “tax” accounts for:
Policies that increase housing costs have a clear constituency in all homeowners, but they hurt renters and anyone who is hoping to move to an expensive city. The burden of land use regulations are borne disproportionately by low-income people who spend a larger proportion of their income on housing relative to higher income people. These regressive effects of land use policy extend beyond reducing welfare if the least-advantaged Americans. Additionally, rules that increase the cost of housing in the country's most productive cities reduce income mobility and economic growth.
In our paper Sandy and I also discuss proposals for reducing the inefficiency of cities' current land use regulation practices. David Schleicher has proposed some of innovative policy improvements, including a zoning budget that a city can implement to commit itself to permitting a certain amount of new development. A zoning budget would create a situation in which local policymakers are forced to make tradeoffs between different land use restrictions, as opposed to the current situation in which there is no limit to policies restricting building. Another proposal that Schleicher suggests is a tax increment local transfer, or a TILT. With TILTs, homeowners who live near new development would receive some portion of the additional property taxes that the city raises by allowing the development. The purpose of TILTs is to reduce NIMBY opposition to development.
We hope that our paper will be a helpful resource to those looking for an accessible overview of this area of research and point to future research opportunities for institutional reforms to allow for the construction of affordable housing.
India Jumps 30 Places In Ease of Business, PM Modi Says 'Historic': 10 Points India's improved ranking in the World Bank ease of doing business index is a boost for the government which has had to defend its economic policies amid criticism over the GDP growth rate hitting a three-year low in the April to June quarter.
Share EMAIL PRINT India is among 10 nations credited for structural reforms in World Bank's ease of doing business index New Delhi: in the India has jumped a massive 30 places to 100 in the World Bank's ease of doing business rankings this year, driven by reforms in access to credit, power supplies and protection of minority investors. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who wants the country in the top 50 on the index, called the achievement "historic". India is closing the gap with China which continues to be ranked at 78 for the second year. In the World Bank's report last year, India had risen one place to 130 among the 190 economies assessed. It was ranked 142 in 2014. Here are the ten points to the story: Sharing details of the report, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Tuesday that India has made the biggest jump on the index. "The Prime Minister said we should be in the top 50. The fact that in three years we have jumped from 142 to 100, I believe this is doable," Mr Jaitley said. PM Modi, in a series of tweets, said the jump in India's ranking was a result of all-round and multi-sectoral reform push. "Easier business environment is leading to historic opportunities for our entrepreneurs, particularly MSME (medium and small scale sector) sector and bringing more prosperity," he tweeted. The report, based on data from New Delhi and Mumbai, ranked India among the top 10 "improvers" globally, having done better in eight out of 10 business indicators. Mr Jaitley said the government has been trying to improve on all 10. India has jumped 53 places from 172 to 119 on ease of paying taxes, leapt over to the 4th rank on protecting minority investors and moved 15 places from 44 to 29 on ease of businesses getting credit. There are also some red flags. India has fallen 16 places on ease of registering property, slid slightly on trading across borders and one rank from 155 to 156 on ease of starting businesses. Mr Jaitley said this would improve next year since the report hadn't factored in changes made to the law Companies Act. New Zealand tops the World Bank index on ease of doing business this year and Singapore is number 2, with Denmark placing third. Somalia is last. China is at 78, Pakistan is at 147 and Bangladesh is at 177. The report is a boost for the government which has had to defend its economic policies amid criticism over the GDP growth rate hitting a three-year low in the April to June quarter. The government has insisted that the fundamentals of the economy are strong and has rejected allegations that its two big reforms, last year's demonetisation and new national tax GST launched this year are to blame for the economic slowdown, saying they will deliver big benefits. "Today's result is a very clear signal from India to the rest of the world that not only has the country been ready and open for business, as it has been for many decades, it is now competing as the preferred place to do business globally," Annette Dixon, World Bank's vice president for South Asia, told reporters in New Delhi. The opposition Congress, however, kept up its attack, saying the NDA government's decisions were more like "cease of doing businesses" for the medium and small sectors. The hype being built by the government around the report, the Congress said, was an attempt to seek "manufactured relevance" from the World Bank when people were suffering due to GST and the notes ban.
NDTV Beeps - your daily newsletter
75 per cent of people in Cambridge are in favour of giving more road space to cyclists, pedestrians and buses, according to a new consultation.
The idea of restricting where cars can go in order to make other journeys more efficient was also back, but by 62 per cent of people this time.
The consultation, which was responded to by a statistically significant 1,237 people, found that the overall objective of increasing sustainable transport was supported by 76 per cent of people.
A spokesman for the Cambridge Cycling Campaign told the Cambridge News it was vital to change road use in the city.
He said: “There really is no alternative. Cambridge already suffers badly from congestion. Imagine if everyone who currently cycles used cars instead?” he said.
Respondents were also asked whether they supported construction of new park and ride sites, if this went hand-in-hand with more on-street parking restrictions in the city centre.
Fifty per cent were in favour, but 28 per cent were not, with a split between the wishes of city residents and those living in outlying villaages.
Cllr Ian Bates, the cabinet member for planning, said: “Cambridge and south Cambridgeshire has one of the most dynamic and forward looking economies in the UK, and will continue to attract growth in jobs and population.
“Working alongside Cambridge City Council and South Cambridgeshire District Council we have developed a transport strategy to align and integrate with the ambitious growth plans, to ensure the transport network can cater for the predicted 44,000 new jobs and 35,000 new homes that will be created here by 2031.”
We recently reported how the Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government Eric Pickles said that parking charges in Cambridge are too high and disadvantage motorists, and suggested that prioritising cyclists over motorists favours an “elite” rather than ordinary people who want to use cars to visit shops.
But Cambridge City Council responded that local retailers support its transport policies, which are focused on improving cycling infrastructure as well as buses to make it easier for people to get around.
The city has the highest proportion of cyclists in the UK – half the people who live there cycle at least once a week, and one in five commuter trips are made by bicycle.
Commenting on planning guidance, which is not obligatory for local authorities to follow, Mr Pickles warned that “anti-car dogma” meant that shoppers were increasingly deserting town centres for out-of-town superstores, or were shopping online.
And Cambridge could have traffic free days in the city centre each year to mark the anniversary of the Tour de France visit in July.
The closed roads would mimic the ones needed for the race, according to the Cambridge News.
It's just one of the ideas that was suggested at a meeting to discuss the potential cycling legacy of the Tour's visit, with the aim of encouraging new riders to try the city streets for themselves.
The Tour is expected to attract up to 400,000 fans to the city, and another idea being floated is for a local cycle race the day before the pros arrive.
Back in 1995, the annual What Hi-Fi? Awards issue declared that it might just be the last year that we had a turntable category, such was the move away from vinyl towards digital and the CDs... How wrong we were.
The vinyl resurgence has seen vinyl sales hit a 20-year high, with 1.3 million albums sold in 2014 and 2015 sales up significantly year-on-year. But it's no good buying vinyl, if you've got nothing to play it on.
As vinyl has endured, so have some of our favourite turntables. So what are the best turntables of all-time?
We've been through the What Hi-Fi? archives to dig-up some of the best sounding, best value turntables we've ever tested, featuring repeat award-winners and five-star reviews...
MORE: The best turntables of the 21st century
Dual CS505 [1980]
The Dual CS505 cost £75 back in 1980 and was pitched at "hitting back at cheap decks from the Far East". It was also the first of Dual's decks to be sold in the UK without a fitted cartridge.
It also boasted an "autostop and arm lift device". Not bad, eh?
Its rival in 1980 was the Rotel RP-500, but the Dual came out on top thanks to sound quality that we heralded, unsurprisingly, as "second to none".
Little Oak [1983]
It may not have been the Product of the Year, but the Little Oak turntable did walk home with an Award at the very first What Hi-Fi? Awards back in 1983.
It was an unassuming and simple budget deck, that was easy to set-up and, wait for it, stayed in tune over time.
The way we judge our Awards hasn't changed much so it was no surprise to find the Little Oak was picked out for offering high-class sound at a low price.
Linn Axis [1987]
In 1987, with the prospect of CDs becoming the format of choice already on the agenda, Linn carried on its turntable production with the Axis.
Other than fitting the tonearm and cartridge, the Axis required little in the way of setting up. It featured electronic speed change and produced a "clean and tidy performance".
Of course turntables have in fact out-lasted Linn's own CD players, which ceased production back in 2010.
Rega Planar 2 [1989]
Rega's Planar 2 was voted Best Budget Turntable at the 1989 Awards thanks to in no small part to its £155 price tag.
It may have used a manual design, but so effortless was it to change speeds, that we declared it wasn't an issue.
"If you want to hear the music in the way it was meant to be heard... the Rega Planar 2 is the turntable to choose," said our Awards issue.
The Planar 2's big brother, the Rega Planar 3, would go on to win four Awards, as Rega stamped its mark on the turntable category.
Systemdek IIX [1990]
The Systemdek IIX was so good that it was our turntable Product of the Year for three years running from 1990..
The deck's sound quality was well above its closest rivals: "Timing and pitch information are presented with surprising confidence, the music sounding tuneful and easy-flowing." Say no more...
Michell Gyrodec [1994]
Undoubtedly one of the most iconic turntables in history and an example of a deck that has been through any number of incarnations.
The incredibly striking design from Michell certainly won us over: "Even by exotic turntable standards, the Michell Gyrodec looks gorgeous," we said of this model in 1994.
And it sounded the part, too, we even went as far as to say it could be almost "too revealing". Too much of a good thing, clearly.
Stereo imaging was spot on and, considering its intricate looks, we noted it was actually incredibly easy to use. A genuine classic.
Linn LP12 [1994]
Linn's LP12 took top honours at the 1994 Awards. A notable year, as it was the last time that turntables would get their own dedicated category right up until 2001. A sure sign of how vinyl's popularity waned when digital music first took hold.
As for the LP12, another deck that has stood the test of time and appeared in many guises, we praised it's "warmth and faithfulness". It may have been expensive at £1345, but it was worth every penny.
As we said in 1994, "a worthy winner of this, possibly our last ever Best Turntable Award". Erm... or not.
Pro-Ject Debut [1999]
"We don't see many new turntables these days", began this review of the Pro-Ject Debut in 1999...
This record player was named Best turntable in the 1999 and 2000 Awards, but both were tucked away in the Accessories category.
The £109 Debut was incredibly easy to set up, and the sound it delivered for the price was "astounding".
It wasn't until 2001 that turntables got their own dedicated category again, the year the Pro-Ject Debut Phono took top honours, showing how Pro-Ject has dominated the budget turntable market, right up to the present day.
Clearaudio Concept [2009]
The Clearaudio Concept took top honours at the 2009 and 2010 Awards, and has remained a favourite since, even if it recently lost out to the Rega RP3/Elys 2 for top honours.
Quite simply, there's nothing we don't like about this deck. It's very much a plug-n-play product and delivers a performance that's "little short of thrilling".
As we said in 1999: "The Clearaudio Concept is a great all-rounder: it's easy to set up, easy to use and sounds great. At this price point, it's king."
Rega RP3/Elys 2 [2011]
Like it's predecessor, the P2, the Rega RP3 has won four Awards on the bounce. And that's before we mention Rega's similarly all-conquering midrange turntable range, the Planar.
No matter what genre you throw at it, the P3 will hold you in good stead and deliver great sonic results.
It's incredibly easy to set up and even easier to use, and a worthy addition to our list of the best turntables we've ever reviewed.
Will it win again in 2015?
MORE: the Best turntables 2015
See all our turntable reviews
Child Sex Abuse In U.S. Gymnastics Affected Hundreds, IndyStar Reports
Over the course of two decades, at least 368 gymnasts have alleged they were sexually assaulted or exploited by adults working in the sport, according to a new investigative report by The Indianapolis Star.
The newspaper has spent months looking into a pattern of sexual abuse involving USA Gymnastics, which is the national governing body for the sport and is the largest U.S. gymnastics organization. It selects the U.S. Olympic teams for gymnastics, among other things.
This summer, three IndyStar journalists reported that USA Gymnastics had ignored complaints and warnings about predatory coaches, and failed to report allegations to authorities.
They now conclude that abusive coaches were "allowed to move from gym to gym" — quietly fired from one gym before being hired at another.
The three reporters, with the USA Today network, have also reviewed hundreds of police and court documents from the past 20 years.
They say it's unclear from the records how many accusers and alleged abusers were USA Gymnastics members, "because the organization does not disclose that information," but that their research reveals widespread abuse across American gymnastics:
"At least 368 gymnasts have alleged some form of sexual abuse at the hands of their coaches, gym owners and other adults working in gymnastics. That's a rate of one every 20 days. And it's likely an undercount. ... "All told, 115 adults at every level of the sport, from respected Olympic mentors to novices working with recreational gymnasts, were accused. The alleged abuse happened in every part of the U.S. — from Maine to California, Washington to Florida, and across the Midwest. ... "Other victims included casual athletes and elite-level performers such as Olympians. They were teenagers and preteens. The youngest was 6. Almost all of them were girls. "They encountered the men accused of abusing them everywhere from a Rhode Island YMCA to the famous Karolyi Ranch in Texas, where USA Gymnastics sends its top female athletes to train."
The reporters accuse USA Gymnastics of working to keep the details of some cases secret.
You can read the full IndyStar report here.
The name Drungo Hazewood by itself is enough to elicit tales of legendary power, strength, and speed. Standing 6-foot-3, with a 210-pound frame talented enough to warrant a full scholarship to USC as a tailback and a 1977 first-round selection from Orioles, Hazewood's physical gifts were some of the most awe inspiring his teammates had ever seen.
"The only other person I can come close to describing his physicality [to] probably was Bo Jackson," said Bob Bonner, a teammate with the Orioles. "Everybody just looked at Drungo with envy, [thinking], 'If I had a body like his, an arm like his, if I could run like him.' He had just so much natural talent, it was unbelievable."
Hazewood died Sunday in his Sacramento, Calif., home from complications of ampullary cancer. He was 53.
"He was diagnosed in June 2011," said his wife, Lagette. "He had major surgery to remove the cancer in August 2011. He did six months of chemo and that put it in remission. We lost our son in August and soon after that he had a reoccurrence. We started to fight it again in October, he had another surgery and radiation, and [Sunday] he lost the battle."
While his major league records show a hitless five at-bats in 1980, the tale of this prodigy is greater than the few weeks he spent in an Orioles uniform.
Despite batting .184 in his first minor league season, he was promoted within the Orioles' system, and the more he played, the more he drew comparisons to the greats of the game.
"He was the next Mickey Mantle," said Scott Christopher, a teammate with Double-A Charlotte. "I used to take his cutoff throws from right field and it was like it came out of an absolute cannon. Some of the bombs he hit were devastating, probably 500-plus feet. The guy was unreal."
Bonner recalled one tape-measure shot that left everyone in the stadium agape.
"We were playing for Charlotte in 1979, and at one field, I remember it was 375 to left center and there was a parking lot behind the fence and a 10-story apartment complex behind that, and he hit it over that complex," Bonner said. "It was estimated at 600 feet. I stood in awe. Everybody did. You could hear a pin drop at the ballpark when he hit it."
Cal Ripken Jr., who played with Hazewood for two seasons in Charlotte, marveled at the abilities of the strapping outfielder.
"He was big and fast and something to watch scoring from first on a double," Ripken wrote in his book "The Only Way I Know."
Yet it was Hazewood's strength that left a lasting impression on the Hall of Famer. After a brawl resulted in Hazewood being ejected, Ripken recalled how Drungo broke a bat using his hands and nothing else.
"He threw on some street clothes — no shower — and then stopped in front of a display of two bats mounted on hooks on the wall. He grabbed one and snapped it like a toothpick. … Drungo didn't snap this bat across anything, and he didn't hit it against anything. He just twisted and snapped it like a toothpick."
While his raw ability has been glamorized, his fierce devotion to his teammates was something that was seldom reported.
"He was a very loyal teammate," Bonner said. "He was one guy that if you were ever in a brawl on the field, you would want him on your side."
Bonner explained how Hazewood manhandled the entire opposition after a player was plunked in succession after his teammates twice hit back-to-back-to-back home runs.
"To make a long story short, it was quite a brawl," Bonner said. "After the brawl was over, Drungo put two of their guys in the hospital. You didn't want to mess with Drungo. He was so strong."
So why didn't Hazewood, with these wondrous displays of strength, stay longer in the big leagues? He couldn't hit the curveball. Pitchers started to figure out that off-speed pitches were Hazewood's kryptonite.
"Had he mastered the curveball, he could have been standing next to Cal in the Hall of Fame," Christopher said.
Instead, Hazewood was out of baseball only a few years after his 1980 major league debut at the age of 21. He abruptly stopped playing in 1983, leaving baseball to take care of his mother who was suffering from breast cancer. Rumors circulated regarding his whereabouts, as he was absent from team reunions and unresponsive to fan mail. Hazewood slipped into relative anonymity in his hometown of Sacramento, no longer a ballplayer, but a family man who was busy driving a truck and raising seven children.
The last few years were difficult for Hazewood after his 2011 cancer diagnosis. His teenage son Aubrey died in 2012, and his former teammates, led by Christopher, united to help raise funds for the funeral and Hazewood's growing medical expenses.
"I told the funeral home director that this group of teammates will take care of what needs to be done, which we did," Christopher said.
The outpouring of support for Hazewood continued after his passing.
Said Bonner: "Anytime someone asks me who the greatest player I ever played with was, and of course I played with Ripken, [I tell them] the guy who had more talent than anyone I ever played with was Drungo LaRue Hazewood."
Today on Washington Watch Weekly with Family Research Council president Tony Perkins, Rep. Chris Smith (R-NJ) laced into President Obama, whom he called the “abortion president,” for appointing “radically pro-abortion” people to the government who are promoting “evil” with an “anti-child, anti-woman mentality.”
Smith: When you have the coercive power of the state in the hands of the abortion president who litmus tests virtually everybody in his administration to ensure that they are radically pro-abortion and very often come right out of the ranks of Planned Parenthood or NARAL or EMILY's List to hold these positions and then they do their dirty work every day of the week and then they fund non-governmental organizations like Planned Parenthood who then continue promoting this evil, and this anti-child, anti-woman mentality.
Smith went on to tell Perkins that the Obama administration seeks “to remake America as the culture of death” and if he wins re-elections, it “will be significantly worse in terms of extremism in promoting both the abortion issue and the homosexual agenda.”
They are one of the world's most persecuted and unwanted minorities, says the UN – the Roma of east Asia. Now the Rohingya face a wave of hatred from Burmese bloggers who brand them "dogs, thieves, terrorists" and "black monsters".
Recent clashes between the Muslim Rohingya and Rakhine Buddhists in western Burma officially left 80 dead and 54 injured, but NGOs fear the true toll is far higher. Some sources suspect Burmese security forces joined Buddhist mobs in their attacks on Muslims. The UN World Food Programme has distributed emergency aid to 60,000 people, and says 90,000 need help.
Even the identity of the Rohingya has been challenged by Burmese historians, who say they were unknown before the 1950s. The facts are that they resemble Bangladeshis and speak a language similar to the Bengali dialect of Chittagong in Bangladesh. They are thought to be mixed descendants of the Arabs, Mughals, Turks, Moors and Persians who overran south-east Asia at various times. Burma simply treats them as illegal immigrants, denying them citizenship. There are reckoned to be about 80,000 in Rakhine state, especially close to the border with Bangladesh, where many found refuge from past repression, particularly in 1978 and 1991-92. Hundreds of thousands live in camps in Bangladesh.
Now Bangladeshi border police are turning them back. But even Burmese dissidents think the Rohingya should "go home", although they have been in Burma at least since British rule and have no other homeland. In 1982 a law classified them as stateless. Under the military junta they were prime targets of persecution, subjected to forced labour, their land confiscated.
The latest flashpoint was in early June after a Buddhist woman was raped and murdered. Rumour blamed the Rohingya, prompting Buddhists to lynch 10 Muslims on a bus and triggering a vicious circle of reprisals. Burma's president, Thein Sein, has imposed a state of emergency and curfew in the troubled areas. Censorship, set to be phased out on 1 June, was restored for news of inter-religious violence.
This article originally appeared in Le Monde
Image caption Michael White's productions include "Monty Python and the Holy Grail" and "The Rocky Horror Picture Show"
The British producer behind The Rocky Horror Picture Show film and Monty Python and the Holy Grail has died.
Michael White, who was 80, died of heart failure in California, his former girlfriend Lyndall Hobbs said.
He had credits spanning decades in theatre, film and television.
"Michael had an appetite for life that was unmatched in my opinion," said Ms Hobbs. "A unique man who put on hundreds of shows and truly was a theatrical pioneer."
Hobbs, herself a film-maker, added White's former wife and his son had cared for him as his health had "deteriorated rapidly".
The Society of London Theatre has announced venues across the West End will dim their lights for two minutes on Wednesday evening in memory of White.
His theatre production credits included the West End premieres of The Rocky Horror Show, Joseph And The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat and A Chorus Line.
Born in Glasgow, White began his theatrical career in London's West End producing plays such as Annie and The Rocky Horror Show.
He later went on to produce films, including The Hound of the Baskervilles in 1978, and those which have achieved cult status such as Monty Python and the Holy Grail and The Rocky Horror Picture Show, which is still regularly screened in cinemas.
"It would seem he died of heart failure having been told about eight weeks ago that he needed open-heart surgery but he was too weak for surgery," said Ms Hobbs.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The original cast of "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" in 1975
Monty Python star Eric Idle tweeted a tribute to White, whose nickname was "Chalky": "R.I.P. Michael White, producer of Holy Grail. Rocky Horror, Pass The Butler etc. Chalky was one of a kind and will be missed."
Theatre and film producer Robert Fox, who worked with White and was also a close friend, wrote a tribute article for Vogue magazine: "To say that he enjoyed life would be to vastly underestimate his achievement," said Fox.
"When I worked for him, if I ever cautioned him with, 'Are you sure that's a good idea? he'd reply, 'Don't be such a nervous Nelly'.
"Well, he followed his own advice and sometimes it cost him dearly when there were many empty seats, but there was triumph in equal measure and to paraphrase Kipling - he treated those two impostors (triumph and disaster) just the same."
White was also the producer of TV series, a career he recounted in his autobiography Empty Seats, and among his most notable credits was his championing of the Comic Strip Presents... short film series, starring Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders.
Most recently he was the subject of a 2013 documentary The Last Impresario, which followed his life mingling among celebrities and dubbed him "the most famous man you've never heard of".
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Michael White (r) poses with Nigel Planer at the Laurence Olivier Awards in 2014
The film was directed by Gracie Otto, who also paid tribute to White: "Love you so much... a true inspiration and generous soul. Changed my life forever. RIP dear dear Michael White," she tweeted.
The Last Impresario charted White's life amongst celebrity royalty and included interviews with friends and colleagues such as the actor John Cleese and model Kate Moss.
Moss also presented him with a lifetime achievement honour at the Olivier Awards in 2015.
Trevor Anthony Ariza (born June 30, 1985) is an American professional basketball player for the Washington Wizards of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He won an NBA championship with the Los Angeles Lakers in 2009. He played college basketball for one season with the UCLA Bruins before being selected in the second round of the 2004 NBA draft by the New York Knicks.
High school and college career [ edit ]
Ariza attended Westchester High School in Los Angeles, where as a junior in 2001–02, he combined with teammates and fellow future NBA players Hassan Adams, Brandon Heath, and Bobby Brown to lead the Comets to the California State championship. Considered a five-star recruit by Rivals.com, Ariza was listed as the No. 5 power forward and the No. 18 player in the nation in 2003.[1]
As a freshman at UCLA in 2003–04, Ariza played in 25 games (23 starts) and averaged 11.6 points, 6.5 rebounds and a team-high 1.7 steals. He subsequently earned All-Pac 10 Freshman Team honors. He declared for the NBA Draft following his freshman campaign at UCLA.[2]
Professional career [ edit ]
New York Knicks (2004–2006) [ edit ]
Ariza was selected by the New York Knicks in the second round (43rd overall) of the 2004 NBA draft. He played in 80 games during his rookie campaign with New York and averaged 5.9 points, 3.0 rebounds and 1.1 assists per game. At the time, he became the youngest player to ever wear a Knicks uniform (19 years, four months and four days old). His 80 games and 1,382 minutes were the most played by a Knicks rookie since Greg Anthony in 1991–92 (82 games played).[2]
Orlando Magic (2006–2007) [ edit ]
In February 2006, Ariza was traded along with Penny Hardaway to the Orlando Magic in exchange for Steve Francis. After the trade, he played in 21 games and averaged 4.7 points per game. In the 2006–07 season he played in 57 games and started in 7, averaging a career high 8.9 points and 4.4 rebounds per game.
Los Angeles Lakers (2007–2009) [ edit ]
In November 2007, Ariza was traded to the Los Angeles Lakers in exchange for Brian Cook and Maurice Evans.[3] He fractured a bone in his right foot in January 2008, but made his return in Game 2 of the Western Conference Finals against the San Antonio Spurs in late May, scoring a basket within his first minute of play. The Lakers went on to defeat the Spurs in 5 games and advance to the 2008 NBA Finals, but lost to the Boston Celtics in 6 games. In the 2008–09 season, he played in all 82 games, starting 20. Ariza was ejected during a game against Portland on March 9, 2009, following a flagrant foul on Rudy Fernández.[4] On March 15, 2009 versus the Dallas Mavericks, Ariza scored a career-high 26 points along with 3 steals, 3 rebounds, and 2 assists.[5] After becoming a starter, he began to show more ability on defense.[6]
2009 Playoffs [ edit ]
In the playoffs, Ariza scored a playoff career-high 21 points in Game 1 of the first round against Utah Jazz.[7] In the Western Conference Finals against the Denver Nuggets, Ariza stole an inbound pass from Chauncey Billups in Game 1 to help Lakers beat the Nuggets. In Game 3, the Lakers led by two points with 37.1 seconds remaining when Ariza stole Kenyon Martin's pass to Carmelo Anthony near midcourt to help Lakers take a 2-1 lead.[8] The Lakers eventually won the series 4–2, sending them to the NBA Finals against the Orlando Magic. In Game 4 of the Finals, Ariza, who was 0-for-6 in the first half, scored 13 in the third quarter to help the Lakers win in overtime and finished the game with nine rebounds and three 3-pointers.[9] The Lakers went on to win their 15th NBA title in five games, 4-1. Ariza averaged a career-high 11.3 points and 4.2 rebounds and shot 50% from three-point range in the playoffs.
Houston Rockets (2009–2010) [ edit ]
On July 3, 2009, Ariza reached an agreement with the Houston Rockets worth $33 million over five years.[10] Ariza was signed using the Disabled Player Exception the Rockets were granted for injured center Yao Ming.[11] On October 31, 2009, against the Portland Trail Blazers, Ariza scored a career high 33 points in a 111-107 Rockets win. On December 13, 2009, Ariza was ejected after he attempted to punch DeMar DeRozan of the Toronto Raptors after having the ball stolen by him. He was subsequently suspended for one game.[12] On April 14, 2010, in the Rockets' final game of the season, Ariza recorded his first career triple-double, tallying 26 points, 10 rebounds, and 10 assists.
New Orleans Hornets (2010–2012) [ edit ]
On August 11, 2010, Ariza was traded to the New Orleans Hornets as part of a four-team, five-player trade, with Darren Collison and James Posey going to the Indiana Pacers, Troy Murphy to the New Jersey Nets, and Courtney Lee to Houston.[13] During the 2011 NBA playoffs, Ariza logged career highs in minutes per game (40.2), points per game (15.5) rebounds (6.5) and assists (3.3). The Hornets lost to the Los Angeles Lakers in 6 games in the first round.
Washington Wizards (2012–2014) [ edit ]
On June 20, 2012, Ariza and Emeka Okafor were traded to the Washington Wizards for Rashard Lewis and a draft pick to the New Orleans Hornets.[14]
On February 12, 2014, Ariza recorded a career-high 10 made three-pointers to score a season-high 32 points, as well as 11 rebounds, 3 assists and 3 steals, in a 113–112 loss to the Houston Rockets.[15]
On March 1, 2014, Ariza recorded a career-high 40 points, including eight 3-pointers, in a 122–103 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers.[16]
On April 27, 2014, Ariza set a playoff career-high 30 points against the Chicago Bulls in Game 4 of their 2014 NBA Playoffs first-round match-up, which the Wizards won 98–89. The team went on to lose to the Indiana Pacers in six games in the conference semifinals.
Second stint with Houston (2014–2018) [ edit ]
On July 15, 2014, Ariza was acquired by the Houston Rockets in a three-team sign-and-trade deal that also involved the Wizards and the New Orleans Pelicans.[17] On February 6, 2015, he tied a season-high with 24 points in a 117–111 win over the Milwaukee Bucks.[18]
On December 9, 2015, Ariza sat out Houston's game against the Wizards with a bruised lower back, which snapped Ariza's streak of 172 straight games played.[19] On January 24, 2016, he scored a season-high 29 points and made a season-high six three-pointers in a 115–104 win over the Dallas Mavericks.[20] He topped that mark the following night, scoring 31 points in a 112–111 win over the New Orleans Pelicans.[21] On February 27, he made two three-pointers against the San Antonio Spurs to extend his streak with at least one three-pointer to 29 games, the longest streak by a Rockets player since 39 in a row by Aaron Brooks in the 2009–10 season.[22] The streak ended at 30 after shooting 0-of-8 from three-point range against the New Orleans Pelicans on March 2.[23]
In Game 7 of the 2018 Western Conference Finals, Ariza missed all 9 of his 3-point attempts, and the Rockets set an NBA playoff record for most consecutive 3-point attempts missed with 27.[24][25]
Phoenix Suns (2018) [ edit ]
On July 6, 2018, Ariza signed a one-year, $15 million contract with the Phoenix Suns.[26][27] In his debut for the Suns in their season opener on October 17, 2018, Ariza recorded 21 points, eight rebounds and seven assists in a 121–100 win over the Dallas Mavericks.[28]
Second stint with Washington (2018–present) [ edit ]
On December 17, 2018, Ariza was traded to the Washington Wizards for Austin Rivers and Kelly Oubre Jr.[29] On January 13, 2019, he narrowly missed his second career triple-double, recording 23 points, 10 assists and nine rebounds in a 140–138 double-overtime loss to the Toronto Raptors.[30]
Personal life [ edit ]
On March 18, 1996, Ariza's youngest brother, Tajh Ariza, died after falling out of a hotel room window in Caracas, Venezuela. His first son is named after his late brother.[31]
Ariza's stepfather, Kenny McClary, played at the University of Florida in the mid to late 1980s, and professionally with the Sydney Kings in Australia.
Ariza is of Turks & Caicos Islands and Dominican descent through his grandfather Osvaldo Ariza (a Turks and Caicos Islander of Dominican descent), and his parents, Lolita Ariza and Trevor Saunders[32] of Grand Turk.[33] Ariza once considered changing his citizenship to play for the Dominican Republic national basketball team.[34] However, he later accepted an invitation to the Team USA training camp.
NBA career statistics [ edit ]
Legend GP Games played GS Games started MPG Minutes per game FG% Field goal percentage 3P% 3-point field goal percentage FT% Free throw percentage RPG Rebounds per game APG Assists per game SPG Steals per game BPG Blocks per game PPG Points per game Bold Career high
† Denotes season in which Ariza won an NBA Championship
Regular season [ edit ]
Playoffs [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Gary Johnson, the Libertarian Party's presidential candidate, won't be on the debate stage with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump on Monday. But that doesn't mean voters aren't interested in where he stands on the issues.
So, as part of Next Avenue's Election 2016 reporting on the candidates' proposals for domestic policies of keen interest to older voters, below is what we know about Johnson's stances. (We'll publish a similar article on Green Party candidate Jill Stein soon.)
One caveat: There's precious little to go on for some key topics because the former Republican governor of New Mexico — who bills himself as “fiscally conservative, socially liberal” — hasn't spoken about them and his campaign website makes no mention of them. That's why, unlike our previous articles on Clinton and Trump, Next Avenue can't tell you Johnson's positions on retirement security (other than Social Security) or caregiving.
(More: What Older Voters Care About)
Social Security
In his recent 60 Minutes interview with running mate William Weld (the former Republican governor of Massachusetts), Johnson said: “There has to be reforms for Medicaid [the federal/state health program primarily for the poor] and Medicare [the federal health program for Americans 65 and older] and Social Security. And if we're going to put our heads in the sand, if we say we're going to do nothing in any of these areas, it's a fiscal cliff.”
Which particular reforms to Social Security (which Johnson has called a “Ponzi scheme”)?
Actually, the 2016 Libertarian Party platform goes further than a simple “reform,” to my eyes — more like an eventual abolishment.
It says the United States should “phase out the current government-sponsored Social Security system and transition to a private voluntary system.” Retirement planning, the platform says, “is the responsibility of the individual, not the government.”
Also on Forbes:
Johnson has personally endorsed privatizing Social Security, too — an idea favored by some Republicans (but not Donald Trump). This arrangement would let Americans self-direct their Social Security retirement funds through personal investment accounts, allowing them to buy stocks, for instance.
(More: Where Clinton and Trump Stand on Social Security)
Johnson also favors raising Social Security's Full Retirement Age from the current maximum of 67 to either 70 or 72. “Look, it's [the Social Security Trust Fund] insolvent in the future. It's going to be insolvent. It has to be addressed,” he told The Washington Examiner in July. Whether Americans could afford to hold off claiming until 70 or 72 to receive full benefits, however, is a real question, considering the majority of beneficiaries today start taking their Social Security money at the earliest age they can, age 62.
And Johnson would like to see Social Security begin “means testing that's very fair.” Translation: The amount people receive in Social Security retirement benefits would be based on their financial well-being at the time they apply. Today, your benefit is based purely on your previous earnings.
Under Johnson's FairTax plan, the Social Security payroll tax would disappear, along with the current income tax and corporate tax system. In its place would be a flat 23% consumption tax on goods and services.
Health Care, Long-Term Care, Medicare and Medicaid
On the face of it, the Libertarian Party's view on health care, long-term care, Medicare and Medicaid sounds hard to argue with.
The platform says: “We favor a free-market health care system. We recognize the freedom of individuals to determine the level of health insurance they want (if any), the level of health care they want, the care providers they want, the medicines and treatments they will use and all other aspects of their medical care, including end-of-life decisions. People should be free to purchase health insurance across state lines.” (That last part echoes what Trump has said.)
But probe a little deeper into Johnson's positions and the proposals verge on the radical, compared to our current health care system. He'd essentially abolish most health insurance and would eliminate any government involvement in health care.
Johnson would repeal Obamacare “in a heartbeat” if given the opportunity, he has said. “If the GOP bill lowers costs and improves care, I'll sign it,” Johnson proclaimed in a CNN Libertarian Town Hall in June. On Joe Rogan's podcast in May, Johnson blamed Obamacare for his health insurance premiums quadrupling “and I have not seen a doctor in three years,” he added. “I wish I didn't have to have health insurance to cover myself for ongoing medical need.”
He wouldn't have to under his main health care proposal.
Johnson would like to get rid of health insurance as we know it. Instead, Americans would buy health insurance only for catastrophic events and illness.
He believes a free-market system would lead to more affordable health care with price transparency and open competition. This system, Johnson told Rogan, “would probably cost about one-fifth of what it currently costs. We would have Gallbladders ‘R' Us. We'd have gallbladder surgery for thousands of dollars as opposed to tens of thousands of dollars. We'd have Stitches ‘R' Us, we'd have X-Rays ‘R' Us. We'd have the radiologists next to X-Rays ‘R' Us to read those X-rays.”
Critics of the proposal to let people buy health insurance across state lines — such as Frank Lalli, author of Your Best Health Care Now — say that it would likely lead health insurers to simply sell policies nationwide from the state allowing the worst policies. Lalli says they'd be “Swiss cheese plans full of holes.”
As for Medicare, Johnson told 60 Minutes correspondent Steve Kroft, “We're not looking to eliminate Medicare. We do believe in a safety net.” But, he said to The Washington Examiner, “Medicaid and Medicare both need to be devolved to the states.” Johnson has referred to those programs as “the worst runaway expenditure in the federal government today.”
When he was governor, Johnson has said, “I oversaw the reform of Medicaid in New Mexico. Changed it from a fee-for-service model to a managed care model. Improved on the delivery of health care in New Mexico and saved hundreds of millions of dollars.” Johnson has maintained that if the federal government had given New Mexico 43% less money for Medicaid and put him in charge of the delivery of health care to the poor there without “all the strings and mandates that went along with their Medicaid money,” he could have done it.
As president, Johnson has said, he'd balance the federal budget partly by letting states restrict eligibility for Medicaid.
When iSideWith.com asked Johnson whether terminally ill patients should be allowed to end their lives via assisted suicide, Johnson answered: “Yes, but only after a psychological examination to show they fully understand this choice.” Clinton said she thought this would be an appropriate right “with appropriate safeguards and informed decision-making." Trump did not offer his position.
Activity lead Bobak Ferdowsi, who cuts his hair differently for each mission, works inside the Spaceflight Operations Facility for NASA's Mars Science Laboratory Curiosity rover at Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) in Pasadena, Calif. on Sunday, Aug. 5, 2012. (Brian van der Brug/AP)
We live in a chaos of electromagnetic energy. Visible, infrared and ultraviolet light courses omnidirectionally from the sun. A fraction of it bathes our planet, while some bounces off other planets, moons, comets and meteoroids. The visible light from stars up to 4,000 light-years away can be seen from Earth with the naked eye. With instruments, astronomers can detect gamma rays from stars 13 billion light-years away. Radio waves from remote galaxies help Earth's official timekeepers monitor our planet's path around the sun.
Once per day, a minuscule stream of radio waves joins this cacophony, making the 13.8-minute trip from an antenna on Earth to an SUV-size machine parked on the surface of Mars. Those short-lived waves represent our way — our only way — of communicating with Curiosity, the rover that NASA landed on Mars in August.
How, exactly, does information flow between NASA and its correspondent on Mars? Earthbound engineers exchange messages with Curiosity on a set daily schedule. Actually, “daily” isn't quite accurate. Mars takes about 37 minutes longer than Earth to complete a rotation, so astronomers refer to a Martian day as a “sol” for the sake of clarity. From here on, when I refer to a time, it's Mars time.
At approximately 10 a.m. each sol, after the sun peeks over the Martian horizon and floods the landscape near the rover in light, NASA sends a packet of commands to Curiosity. Since a sol doesn't coincide with an Earth day, the agency can't always use the same antenna on Earth, which might not be facing Mars at the right moment. Instead, NASA uses the Deep Space Network, a system of antennae in the Mojave Desert, Spain and Australia.
The content of the instructions encoded in these radio waves depends on the sol. On many sols, the rover doesn't move a Martian inch. It digs into the soil, for example, or spends its time analyzing the mineral contents of onboard samples it has collected.
When NASA does tell Curiosity to move, the process is deliberate. First, the engineers use imagery from the rover itself and from orbiters passing overhead to create a three-dimensional model of the surroundings. It's critically important to ensure that, wherever they direct the machine to go, it won't face any hazards. (Spirit's six-year tour of Mars ended in 2009 when that rover got stuck in a sand pit.)
When NASA is convinced a destination is safe, it transmits a set of coordinates for where the rover should go. NASA will also include a suggested path, but the rover has autonomy to make changes if necessary.
A set of commands also tells Curiosity when it should listen for a new set of instructions. There are contingency plans, so the rover is prepared if a transmission is delayed or missed for some reason. In the event that no instructions come for several sols, the rover takes protective actions. It is programmed to stop conducting scientific missions, stays put and listens for communications at predetermined times.
More important to the average Mars enthusiast than this daily to-do list is the information traveling from Curiosity to Earth. Those dazzling photographs that the rover takes need a little help to get here.
“Curiosity's transmitter is about one foot in diameter and uses less power than the light bulb in your refrigerator,” says Chad Edward, the chief telecommunications engineer for NASA's Mars Exploration Program.
To get its messages to Earth, Curiosity first sends information to a pair of orbiters, Odyssey and Reconnaissance, that were sent in 2001 and 2005, respectively, to analyze Mars from a distance and are constantly circling the planet. (The Mars Express orbiter, operated by the European Space Agency, is also available if necessary.) The antennae on the orbiters are more than 1,300 times as powerful as the antenna on Curiosity. The rover waits for the orbiters to pass overhead to ship its messages, usually around 3 p.m. and again at 3 a.m.
“Some of the composite panoramas that the rover has sent to Earth comprise a few hundred megabits of data,” says Edward. “Curiosity would take weeks to send that much data. Using the relays, we can have it in a day.”
Since most of us live in a world where our laptops can lose WiFi signals if we walk out the front door and our cellphones drop calls if we stray too far from a tower, it may seem incredible that NASA can control a robot millions of miles away. Curiosity, however, is relatively close by space communications standards. Voyager 1 is the most distant human-made object in the universe. It's about three times the distance to Pluto, and, with some antennae upgraded in the 1980s, we're still able to receive information from the spacecraft.
Talk about roaming. Maybe NASA should take over telecommunications here on Earth. Just a thought.
Representative Rick Nolan of Minnesota, a populist Democrat whose district voted for President Trump by a wide margin, said he had rarely seen core Democratic voters as enthusiastic about an issue as they were about single-payer health care. Mr. Nolan said he would support creating a state-level system in Minnesota, but believed the party's goal should be a national law.
He warned Democrats against being too cautious on health care or trusting that they could passively reap the benefits of Republican missteps, saying that his party needed a more boldly “aspirational” health care platform.
Rank-and-file Democrats, Mr. Nolan said, “are energized in a way I have not witnessed in a long, long time.”
At this point, state and federal single-payer proposals appear mainly to embody the sweeping ambitions of a frustrated party, rather than to map a clear way forward on policy. A handful of legislators in Democratic states — some positioning themselves to run for higher office — have proposed single-payer bills, including in New York, New Jersey, Rhode Island and Massachusetts. Only in California does the legislation appear to have at least a modest chance of being approved this year.
Even there, State Senator Ricardo Lara, an author of the bill, said his legislation would not clear the State Assembly without detailing how expanded coverage would be financed. The proposal currently lacks a complete funding plan.
The bill would mandate far more comprehensive access to health care, with no out-of-pocket costs, for all California residents at an estimated cost of $400 billion annually. Roughly half would come from existing public money spent on health care, but the rest would require new taxes. Gov. Jerry Brown, a Democrat who once campaigned for president supporting single-payer care, has questioned how the state can plausibly foot the bill.
Should California enact a single-payer law, it would still require a waiver from Washington to redirect federal funding to the state program — which might be difficult with Trump appointees running the Department of Health and Human Services.
“Y'all gonna get something done , Senator? Don't you drag my ass back, alright?” Missouri Representative Ann Wagner 's voice boomed across the low-ceilinged basement of Hill Country Barbecue Market on Thursday evening.
The mass of mostly 20- and 30-something conservatives in the audience laughed: Senate Republicans are currently mired in their latest attempt to repeal the 2010 Affordable Care Act, and the prospect of their House counterparts joining them in skipping the August recess to do so was, well, funny. Senator Lindsey Graham , standing near the stage, the target of Wagner's jest, chuckled politely.
South Carolina's senior senator was there to kick off a weekend of events for Maverick PAC, a group intended to recruit the next generation of young Republican donors and lawmakers, like 39-year-old Texas Representative Will Hurd , or New York's 33-year-old Elise Stefanik . Maverick PAC is led by co-chairs Morgan Ortagus , and U Street restaurateur and former Jeb Bush aide Fritz Brogan .
It's been a hell of a week for the GOP, what with revelations that President Trump 's eldest son, Donald Jr. , met privately with a Russian lawyer last summer in hopes of getting dirt on Hillary Clinton , so it felt appropriate that Graham, 62, was there to address the future of the party.
Advertisement
Graham, sounding more florid than he does in front of the C-SPAN cameras, was optimistic about Republicans keeping the Senate and, much more crucially, the House in 2018—at the end of the day, he said, all Democrats “have to offer is: ‘They suck.'” But he said the future will take a turn if, after eight years of “bitching and moaning about Obamacare,” Republicans fail to pass its replacement.
“As to where we're going and how we're gonna get there, I have no clue,” Graham said. “But we're gonna do something with healthcare, hopefully.”
But Graham had spent the last hour on the phone with three governors—Massachusetts's Charlie Baker was one, he later told me—and he had a new strategy in mind: eliminate the refundable tax credit that helps low- and moderate-income individuals buy insurance on the individual market, and block-grant the money instead to governors. “And get the hell out of the way up here in DC.”
The tradeoff, of course, is that the upper-income taxes from Obamacare stay in place—a tough selling point for conservatives. But Graham thinks they're worth the chance to give the states what he says would be “more autonomy” over their insurance markets.
“You'll get a tax cut later,” he quipped to the mostly white, suit- or pencil-skirt-clad audience. “You wanna help the economy have a tax bill later, right? So this extra amount of money, we're gonna write a check to the governors and say, you're better able than anybody in DC to deliver healthcare.”
From Washingtonian
Whether Graham's idea gains traction remains to be seen, but he's convinced that the Senate needs to whip the support of more governors if they want to get to 50 votes. (Graham's confident that Nevada Senator Dean Heller , for instance, remains a likely “nay” as long as his state's governor, Brian Sandoval , is opposed to the bill.)
Graham acknowledged that healthcare isn't the only cloud over Republicans at the moment, but he said he was glad to have developed a closer relationship with Trump. “So me and the Donald, we have our issues. I don't know how to say that in French,” he said. “But the thing I like most…is he gets his limitations when it comes to the military.”
Graham entertained the crowd with a story about an early-morning phone call with Trump during which the President relayed a conversation he'd had with Defense Secretary James Mattis.
“We're asking permission to send 50 of our soldiers into a village outside Raqqa,” Mattis told Trump, according to Graham. “Why are you calling me?” Trump replied. “I don't know where this village is at.” Mattis told him, “Well, that's what we've done for the last 8 years.”
Trump, Graham said, then asked, “Who's asking to go into that village?” Mattis told him, “A major, first in his class at West Point.”
“'Why do you think I know more about that than he does?'” Graham said Trump asked. “And then he hung up.”
Graham said Trump's habit of deferring to Pentagon officials on military operations “is gonna win this war.” But the room's laughter at the tale revealed a collective understanding of the value that comes when Trump doesn't meddle. Yes, Graham thinks that may win the war—it may save the Republican Party, too.
Share this story!
The best news, delivered straight to your inbox.
Sign up for our weekend newsletter.
I was alone behind the bar on the Monday night shift. The night had been quiet, as it often is on Mondays. Peppered with people just looking for a place to come in, out of the cold, and try new drinks.
A couple walked in. The woman was lovely, petite and wearing a tight dress that she didn't appear entirely comfortable in. The man was barrel-chested wearing a black leather jacket; the body language always gives it away, clearly this was a date.
She held her white shawl closed by folding her arms across her chest and stared up at him looking misguided and rigid. He touched his hair and adjusted his jacket in an unnecessary fashion. She hesitated to approach the bar first and fell a step behind. He carried himself with the conceit of someone with well-oiled dating behaviors as he approached my bar.
As they sat, I greeted them with a smile and handed them a menu. He glanced briefly at the list of house cocktails and then scanned the rows of bottles behind me with the assurance that comes from those who take their drinking quite seriously. I smiled politely and made a couple of suggestions to the woman from our specialty list.
She struck me as the kind of girl who would enjoy a vodka cocktail, served up and stained with raspberries. He, and his thick Hungarian accent, brushed off my recommendation and requested the bottle of Luxardo Maraschino. I pulled it from the line-up and he eyed it skeptically as if determining its quality through the glass.
Just then he slammed his hand on the bar, startling his date and rattling the champagne flutes perched in front of the couple next to them. With his authoritative Hungarian accent he bellowed,
“A HEMINGWAY!”
I was still new to bartending and cringed at orders like this because I knew I would have to ask for the recipe or crack a joke about having forgotten my Mr. Boston's guide while the customer would look at me with a betrayed look.
So with a smile on my face I asked if he could describe the Hemingway for me. He spent a few moments accessing my rum options before deciding on Appleton, for its compliment to the grapefruit, obviously. He then guided me through the mixing of a series of Hemingway's, some with less rum and more maraschino, some with less lime and more grapefruit or vice versa. This went on for a few rounds, four to be exact.
The Hungarian had the concentration of a sommelier and either recoiled in dissatisfaction or nodded in potential approval of my mixes. After each sip the man would look to his date and spew out some simple fact about rum:
“Its name comes from the Latin iterum, which means ‘a second time'”
or about Luxardo:
“The company was founded in what is now Croatia”
or about Hemingway:
“You know, Hemingway was quite a heavy drinker.”
After each declaration, she would just quietly smile in my direction.
Eventually, he deemed my recipe drinkable and ordered a second for his date, who then took only tiny, puckered sips.
It was fortunate that no other customers were made to wait during this or else I would have discouraged such a time consuming charade. Luckily for me and in accordance with proper first date impressing etiquette, he left me a very generous tip.
I added the Hemingway to my repertoire.
One year later I was working behind a different bar waiting for the newest addition to our bar staff to arrive for training. He arrived and introduced himself. He was barrel-chested and spoke with a Hungarian accent. He said I looked familiar to him but that he couldn't pinpoint where from. I said probably from the bars, where alcohol soaked customers often made my acquaintance, only to forget shortly after.
I began to ramble off the mundane information necessary when training a new employee and handed him a list of our house cocktails. We started going through the recipes discussing proportions. Behind the bar he moved with stiffness and uncertainty and it was clear he was the type who dislikes feeling callow in the presence of others.
Nonetheless, as we jiggered and mixed he asked me what I typically drink. I told him I preferred whiskey to the syrupy sweet drinks on the house list. He asked me what bottle I look for first when I walk into a new bar. I told him I liked to see bars carrying Hangar One because it's local vodka. He said, “When I go into a bar I always look for one thing first, Luxardo.” At the sound of this, seemingly out of nowhere, the taste of maraschino cherry flooded the back of my throat.
“Are you familiar with…the Hemingway cocktail?” he asked. Parsing out the last three words slowly as though as if he had just realized he'd left his oven on. Without giving me a chance to reply, he pointed the muddler at me, slammed his hand against the beer fridge. He laughed as he bellowed:
“I knew I had met you before. The Hemingway!”
I smiled without recognition, shook my head slightly and shrugged my shoulders.
“You served Hemingway's to me and my girlfriend one night.”
Suddenly it all came flooding back to me; the barrel chest, the leather jacket, the accent, the Luxardo, the critical iterated sips, him returning glass after glass of chilled Hemingway.
Flatly, I replied, “Ah yes, how could I forget?”
He laughed his Hungarian laugh. “It's like we've come full circle. Now here I am learning drink recipes from you, I'm your trainee.” He gestured emphatically like he was biting down on his fist. “I remember that night because it was my first date with my girlfriend.”
“Well, you know what I think was responsible for the success of that date, right? It was the Hemingway.”
“Yes, of course. You can always blame it on the bartender.” He paused then said, “Now I worry that I have made a bad impression.”
“No, please, I'm just teasing you. There are no hard feelings, really.”
I brought the drink he had just prepared up to my lips and tasted, “Hmm, this needs more lime.”
The Hemingway:
1 1/2 oz. white rum
1/4 Luxardo Maraschino
1/2 grapefruit juice
3/4 fresh lime juice
3/4 simple syrup
Shake and serve in a martini glass.
Why India went to Mars
by Gurbir Singh
Bangalore, India (SPX) Sep 23, 2014
MOM has eight small thrusters used for attitude control but its main rocket engine is the Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) was developed by ISRO for its communication satellites.
India went Mars because Japan and China had tried and failed and she wanted the glory to the first Asian country to succeed. The small cars sized Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) with its modest 15kg science package of five instruments was launched by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) on 5th November 2013 from India's spaceport Shriharikota on the east coast and is due to arrive on 24th September.
The Cold War between the Soviet Union and USA gave rise to the Space Race that took men to the Moon has now re-emerged in Asia. Japan, India and China now competes for national prestige and glory in space "firsts" but just like the Space Race of the 1960's each nation denies that a race exists.
Japan has sent space probes to Mars and Venus but in both cases failed to orbit either planet. It has succeeded in an extraordinary technological achievement in sending a spacecraft to an astroid and returning grains of astroid material back to Earth. The largest module on the International Space Station currently in Earth orbit, Kibo was built by the Japanese Space Agency.
Backed by a large and growing economy, guided by a highly focused political strategy that can only be delivered by a single party state, China is the undisputed leader in space in Asia. Today China has a rover on the surface of the moon, a space station in Earth orbit and over a decade-long experience of human spaceflight. No human has set foot on the Moon since 1972. Current consensus has it that the next person to walk on the Moon will be from China.
In 2011, China's mission to Mars, launched aboard a Russian rocket failed to leave Earth orbit. With Japan and China out of the running, India saw an opportunity to get to Mars during the 2013 launch window and grabbed it. In so doing, India was replicating a tactic used during the USA/USSR race to Moon in 1968. Apollo 8, was designed to test the American lunar module in Earth orbit.
The lunar module development fell behind schedule so NASA took the extremely high-risk decision to send Apollo 8 to the Moon instead. It was high risk because no human had ever left Earth orbit before and the manned Apollo spacecraft had only been in space once before.
Despite ISRO's absence of experience in space station, lunar rovers, heavy lift rockets and human spaceflight, it does have extensive experience in designing, building launching and satellites.
There are just over 1100 satellites in Earth orbit today 74 of which were built in India and 58 are in currently in operation. ISRO's heavy lift rocket, GSLV-3 with an indigenous cryogenic engine made a successful launch in January 2014 but it is still a couple of years from regular operational use.
MOM was thus launched using the smaller PSLV launcher which not only limited the size of the science payload to 15kg but also required the six Earth orbits for gravity assist to build up the required speed to reach Mars. MOM was launched on 5th November but left Earth orbit on 1st December.
The final hurdle
Travelling at over 22km every second, India's MOM is due to arrive at Mars on 24th September. It has to slow down to get in to orbit. Like a golfer with excellent aim but hitting the ball with excessive power sees the ball passes over the hole. If MOM cannot slow down it will fly past Mars and end up orbiting the Sun.
MOM has eight small thrusters used for attitude control but its main rocket engine is the Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) was developed by ISRO for its communication satellites.
LAM has a long and reliable track record in ISRO's satellite program and it was used by ISRO for its 2008 mission to the Moon, Chandrayaan-1. But the ten month journey to Mars is an untested long interval between two consecutive firings of the LAM engine. This is the one final step that has to work for ISRO to claim its prize as the first Asian nation to arrive at Mars.
ISRO has uploaded the the commands MOM will execute for the Mars Orbit Insertion (MOI) as it approaches Mars. If all goes to plan MOM will point to the opposite direction of travel and at 01:47 UT on Wednesday 24th September will ignite the LAM for 24 minutes and 14 seconds to reduce speed from over 5.1km per second to just over 4.3km per second relative to Mars.
This manoeuvre will use up 250kg of propellent leaving 50km for operational use in its 423km by 80,000km elliptical orbit eventually orbiting Mars once every three days. Most of the 24 minutes during which the LAM engine fires will MOM will find itself in darkness for the first time since it left Earth orbit. The onboard batteries will provide the electric power but the sharp decrease in temperature will occur at a critical time.
Plan B
The 300 day long interval between firing the LAM engine has been ISRO's main concern. Will the engine fire after such a long time? ISRO has gained some confidence by mirroring the LAM firings with an identical LAM engine on Earth. So far so good.
On 24th September, when ISRO's engineers had built in four Trajectory Control Manoeuvres (TCM) on 11th December, 11th June, August and 14th September) during MOM's ten month journey from Earth to Mars. These are small course tweaks to ensure the spacecraft is on the correct course using the eight small thrusters.
The one scheduled for the 14th September was replaced with a successful firing of the LAM for almost 4 seconds on 22nd September to perform the TCM instead of the eight smaller thrusters. Had the LAM failed, ISRO engineers would have had over 24 hours to reconfigure the smaller engines to fire for a longer period to slow MOM sufficiently for it to enter Mars orbit.
In plan B the resulting orbit would not be achieved to a required precision impacting the quantity and quality of the science MOM could undertake. But MOM will be in orbit and ISRO will be able to declare a mission success.
Low cost launch
The relative orbits of Earth and Mars result in an optimal launch window for a spacecraft travelling from Earth to Mars. They occur once every 26 months. In addition to MOM, the 2013 launch windows was used by NASA to launch its Mars Atmosphere and Volatile EvolutioN (MAVEN) spacecraft which will arrive at Mars two days before MOM.
At around $72 USD, India's MOM is about 10% the cost of NASA's MAVEN. There are significant differences between the two missions that prevent a like-for-like comparison. One of the reasons for this vast price tag difference is simply the nature of the two national economies. Indian space engineers are got paid a lower salary, live smaller homes and drive cheaper cars than their American counterparts.
Another reason for the differences in cost is the amount of re-use of existing infrastructure. ISRO used smaller PSLV launcher and the MOM spacecraft infrastructure modelled on Chandrayaan-1 which itself was based on the Indian National Satellite and Indian Remote Sensing (INSAT and IRS) systems.
Science Objectives
ISRO's first mission beyond Earth Chandrayaan-1 carried science instruments from several countries. MOM has five, all of which were developed in India by ISRO engineers. This was one of the many consequences of developing this mission in breakneck speed.
MOM is more a technology demonstrator than a science mission like NASA's MAVEN. MOM's package of five science instruments includes two cameras (a thermal camera and a optical colour camera) along with a Methane sensor are likely to generate the most interest. Methane has been detected on Mars since 2003 at varying times from Earth based observatories, spacecraft in martian orbit and spacecraft on the surface.
It is highly unlikely that MOM will make any groundbreaking scientific discoveries that have escaped the American and European missions that have been scrutinising Mars with higher specification instruments for decades. But it is possible. A detection of methane by the methane sensor along with an associated surface feature imaged by the colour camera could help identify locations of the surface of Mars for further study.
MOM is ISRO's first mission to Mars, getting it in to orbit is going to be the key objective. Potential science at a that it can collect will be a bonus. Getting to Mars is not a trivial achievement. One of MOM's first actions once in orbit is to take an image of Mars using the colour camera. If the mission can get to this point, ISRO can legitimately declare success.
Two months after winning India's general election, India's new Prime Minister Modi was present in the mission control centre of Shriharikota to watch live the launch of the PSLV C25 delivering for foreign satellites to Earth orbit. With an eye on enhancing greater regional influence within the eight countries of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) , he made a surprising announcement.
During his post launch speech in english commending ISRO's success he directed "our Space community, to take up the challenge, of developing a SAARC Satellite - that we can dedicate to our neighbourhood, as a gift from India.
A satellite, that provides a full range of applications and services, to all our neighbours. I also ask you, to enlarge the footprint of our satellite-based navigation system, to cover all of South Asia". India's reason for going to Mars is the same as that of other nations. India is now turning to its prowess in space as an instrument for regional diplomacy and foreign policy.
Gurbir Singh is the publisher of www.astrotalkuk.org and author of the book Yuri Gagarin in London and Manchester.
Grosjean announced in September he will be leaving Lotus to join the new Haas F1 Team in 2016, with Gastaldi telling F1i the decision had caught the team by surprise. Now four weeks after Lotus learned of Grosjean's departure, Gastaldi says it is closing in on his replacement.
"The remorseless passing of time means that you always get closer to something in the future, so yes, we are closer to making an announcement," Gastaldi said. "I would say something will come sooner rather than later.
"We won't be disclosing who it is before we announce it, but we certainly have been speaking to drivers with good provenance and we have a pretty good idea who we will have in the car."
Gastaldi has previously named third driver Jolyon Palmer as a strong candidate for the seat, while F1i understands Kevin Magnussen has also been in discussions over the vacancy.
Palmer will drive for Lotus in all of the remaining FP1 sessions this season following Grosjean's decision to leave.
Mersch's contract carries an Average Annual Value (AAV) of $650,000 at the NHL level.
The LA Kings have signed forward Michael Mersch to a one-year, two-way contract extension, Kings Vice President and General Manager Rob Blake announced today.
The 24-year-old (born Oct. 2, 1992) 6-2, 213-pound native of Park Ridge, Illinois appeared in 48 regular-season games this past season with the AHL Ontario Reign, recording 33 points (16-17=33) and 46 penalty minutes.
He missed half of January and all of February with a knee injury. He also appeared in all five postseason games for the Reign, registering three points (0-3=3). He tied for the team-lead in assists and tied for third on the team in points.
A fourth-round (110th overall) selection of the Kings in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft, Mersch has appeared in 183 regular-season AHL games, posting 124 points (64-60=124), a plus-37 rating and 99 penalty minutes.
He has also played in 40 postseason games, recording 32 points (15-17=32), a plus-14 rating and 14 penalty minutes.
During Manchester's 2015 Calder Cup championship run, Mersch tied for the league-lead in points and ranked second in the league in goals (first among rookies).
Mersch also made his NHL debut during the 2015-16 season with the Kings, posting three points (1-2=3) in 17 games.
Video: LAK@EDM: Mersch jams home his first NHL goal
LA Kings Season Ticket Memberships for the 2017-18 season are on sale now, and deposits are also being accepted for Groups of 15 or more and Private Event Suite rentals.
Individual ticket sales information for the 2017-18 season will be released at a later date.
Sign up now for more information about the 2017-18 season.
Standing at 5'5" and wearing a size 22, Tess Holliday (real name Tess Munster) is the first model of her size to sign a major modeling contract.
She's already been named a top model by Italian Vogue, but made history in the fashion world last week when she announced that she is now working under MiLK Model Management, a U.K.-based modeling agency.
"It's hard enough to break into my industry when you're my height and my size but adding the tattoos on top of it, there are not many clients that will hire you if you have Miss Piggy tattooed on your arm," she told Here & Now's Jeremy Hobson.
Growing up in the rural south, Holliday was bullied for her body type and modeling dreams, but now, she's turned the tables, using her curvy, inked-up body as a platform to ignite a conversation about body acceptance through her social media movement #EffYourBeautyStandards.
Interview Highlights: Tess Holiday
On why it has taken so long for a woman her size to become a signed model
Tess Holliday is pictured in the NPR studios, speaking with Here & Now. (Facebook)
"I think people weren't listening to what consumers wanted. I think for a long time we've been saying that we want to see women that look like us in the media, and consumers for some reason seem to think that clothing looks better on smaller models. That's what we're buying, we're buying an image, but in reality, I know that if I buy a pair of size 22 jeans, I'm still going to be a size 22. I'm not going to turn into the size 8 that the model is wearing."
Oh what inspired her to start modeling
"I wanted to become a model out of delusion. It was always something that I wanted to do, I just never thought that I would have the opportunity. I saw photos of Mia Tyler and Em, who was the first plus-size model in the world, and I remember seeing images of her and thinking how beautiful she was. It kind of appealed to me, and then as I got older I wanted to do it even more because there was no one in the media, especially modeling clothing, that was petite and that was bigger than a size 16. I wanted to kind of be that person."
Her response to negative comments
"I used to drive myself crazy and read all of them and by strict orders from my fiance and my friends, I'm not allowed to, but sometimes I have days when it definitely bothers me. I wish that more people were talking about the success and the fact that this is really hopefully changing my industry and it already has changed my industry instead of turning it around about a discussion about how healthy I am. I feel like it's very discriminatory and it's very frustrating but I just try and derail myself from going down the spiral of negativity."
On health and loving her body
Tess Holliday is pictured in a photo for Jessica Louise Clothing. (Michele Muerte Photography via Facebook)
"Glamour magazine recently said that 97 percent of women are unhappy with their body in some way. That's huge. I mean, that's nearly every single person, that there's something that we don't love about ourselves and I feel like that's what we should be talking about. I mean, yes, people can talk about health, but I feel like what we really need to be talking about is the fact that women of all ages and sizes and shapes are feeling the need to kind of, live up to unrealistic expectations. I feel like there needs to be more diversity so that we have people to look up to and we don't feel the daunting task of being perfect."
On social media and empowering her fans
"I was receiving quite a few nice messages from my followers previous to all of this... but the response to this has definitely been more than I could have imagined. I mean even to be here, I've listened to NPR since I was a kid and Cosmopolitan magazine, all of these places that I've looked up to that have featured me, not to mention my friends and followers and people that I didn't even know telling me that they can relate to my story and that they know what it's like to be bullied to feel like you're not good enough. I'm really hoping that that encourages all of them to really do something that they didn't they could do."
On her career aspirations and promoting the ‘Body Positive' movement
"I would really love to work with major photographers who haven't featured plus-size models before. I would love to work with Annie Leibovitz or Steven Meisel. I would love to be in the pages of Vogue. Those are all definitely things in my modeling career that I love but I'm mostly passionate about speaking to young girls about what it means to be body positive. I mean, I always wish that I had someone when I was 15 telling me the things that I know now and that's what I'm most passionate about is to stop bullying and to start the conversation about loving your body."
On the future of plus-size models in the fashion industry
"I mean, I'm here right now and that is not something I would ever be able to fathom, so I know that they [major fashion designers] had to have seen it... and I hope that the movement continues, not just myself but other women being vocal about the fact that we want more options in clothing. We want more diversity and more representation of body types in the media. I think it would be silly for major designers to not really care about the plus-size consumer because we have money to spend, so why not spend it with them."
Guest
The battle against exploitative labour should be part of a moral and political struggle over the kind of society we want to live in.
By Neil Howard
It is commonly asserted that forced labour, along with trafficking and slavery, represents ‘the underside of globalisation'. In this understanding, abstract economic forces structure the globe, and their negative side effects include an increase both in the poverty that breeds vulnerability and in the predatory criminal practices that thrive on it.
Politicians and activists thus routinely call for governments to ‘get tough' on criminals in order to root out those who exploit the weak. The recent high-profile release of the Walk Free Foundation's, celebratory-endorsed Global Slavery Index is paradigmatic in this regard. The Index is a naming-and-shaming exercise designed to encourage governments to ‘assess' and ‘improve' their response to modern slavery.
The problem with this approach is that it totally fails to address the political-economic underpinnings of all exploitative labour. Indeed, it treats exploitative labour – whether in the form of trafficking, slavery or simple ‘forced labour' – entirely a-politically and as a problem of criminality that can be overcome by developing sufficient governmental will to effectively fund competent police forces.
This can be seen even in the workings of the UN body that fights hardest to protect the world's workers – the International Labour Organisation (ILO). The ILO uses ‘forced labour' as a blanket term that encompasses trafficking and slavery and can be boiled down to all work that is coerced out of a worker and for which he/she has not offered him/herself voluntarily.
Yet in setting the boundaries for what does or does not constitute a coercive breach of this voluntary self-offering, the ILO states that, while both employers and governments can be guilty, neither are “accountable for all external constraints or indirect coercion existing in practice: for example, the need to work in order to earn one's living” [emphasis added].
It is worth pausing for a moment to take stock of what this means. It means that the generalised ‘need to earn one's living' is established somehow as a natural state of affairs, absent of any ‘act of the authorities'. This in turn means that coercion can only exist legally as an individualised phenomenon of which only an individual criminal employer or a rogue state can be guilty.
The trouble with this position is that it narrates out of the equation the very political, structural fact that the ‘need to earn one's living', along with the conditions in which one does so, is itself always and everywhere the result of acts of the authorities. As the legal scholar, Robert Steinfeld, explains:
“Economic compulsion is an artefact of law, not of nature. [Although] market forces are supposed…to operate impersonally and indirectly…to exert pressure only in the way that nature exerts pressure (if you do not work you starve)…economic coercion always has its source in a set of legal rights, privileges, and powers that place one person in a position to force another person to choose between labour and some more disagreeable alternative.”
Robert Lee Hale made this same point starkly when arguing on behalf of the American poor in 1923:
“[The worker] must eat. Yet while there is no law against eating in the abstract, there is a law which forbids him to eat any of the food which actually exists in the community – and that is the law of private property… Unless the non-owner [of property] can produce his own food, the law compels him to starve if he has not wages, and compels him to go without wages unless he obeys the behests of some employer.”
To place this observation in contemporary terms, what it implies is that when a poor African woman faces the choice between starvation or exploitative labour, her ‘choice' to opt for exploitative labour represents no real choice at all. Rather, it is the non-choice of a lesser evil that has been forced upon her by prevailing national and international legal regimes which structurally condition her vulnerability. They do this by legally sanctioning her lack of entitlement to land, labour rights, financial support, childcare, food or other necessary social protection.
Exploitative labour of this kind is therefore the indirect political responsibility of clearly identifiable actors making real-world decisions.
Seen in this way, the fight against forced labour should not be a celebrity battle against abstract economic forces or the bogeymen criminals who are able to capitalise on them. It must be a political, moral and practical struggle over the kinds of societies we wish to live in, over which kinds of coercive pressures we consider legitimate and illegitimate in labour relations, and thus over which kinds of social protections are provided.
The questions we must ask, therefore, are fundamental. Do we wish to live in a world where some are left unprotected against the brute force of economic compulsion? Or do we want a world where wealth is sufficiently well distributed for people to be free from taking the least bad jobs available? Do we want a world where 300 people control as much of the world's wealth as 3 billion? Where individual criminals are targeted, while those who create the conditions for poverty go free? Or would we like a fairer political-economic future that tackles the political root cause of exploitation?
For too long, these questions have remained unasked, and where they have been, they have been derided as ‘radical' or ‘idealistic'. But it is time for that to change. Because forced labour, like all labour exploitation, is fundamentally a political phenomenon.
I'm filtering the content inside the main loop
About [ edit ]
Broadcast Talent [ edit ]
Northern Arena: Toronto will have the following talent:[1]
Format [ edit ]
Prize Pool [ edit ]
$100,000 USD are spread among the teams as seen below:
Participants [ edit ]
Results [ edit ]
Group Stage [ edit ]
Playoffs [ edit ]
Quarterfinals Cloud9 2 Counter Logic G. 0 Heroic 2 OpTic Gaming 1 Echo Fox 2 compLexity 1 Immortals 2 Selfless Gaming 0 Semifinals Cloud9 2 Heroic 1 Echo Fox 1 Immortals 2 Grand Final Cloud9 1 Immortals 2 3rd Place Match Heroic 2 Echo Fox 0
Additional Content [ edit ]
Streams [ edit ]
Previews [ edit ]
2016-08-29 | by Milan "Striker" Švejda of HLTV.org
2016-08-30 | by AbirZenith of HLTV.org
2016-08-31 | by Bünyamin "BenjaCS" Bektas of HLTV.org
New York (AP) — A celebrity once beloved among young people now finds himself on a list of books parents and other community members most wish to see removed from libraries: Bill Cosby.
Cosby's “Little Bill Books” series is among those making the American Library Association's annual top 10 “challenged books.” The reason is unique for the list, which the ALA announced Monday: not the books themselves, but the multiple accusations of sexual assault against the actor-comedian.
The Cosby series was launched in 1997 in the biggest way possible for the publishing industry — the first three releases, “The Meanest Thing to Say,” ”The Treasure Hunt” and “The Best Way to Play” were selected by Oprah Winfrey for her book club. “Little Bill” later became the basis for an Emmy-winning animated TV program that aired on CBS.
James LaRue, who directs the ALA's Office for Intellectual Freedom, said he would have a two-part defense if a parent objected to a library's carrying the books.
“I would say we try to purchase books that appeal to a certain age group, that the books themselves were well reviewed and that they have positive messages,” he told The Associated Press during a recent telephone interview. “I would also say that you may disagree with him as a person, but these books aren't about that.”
Cosby ranked No. 9 on a list topped by Mariko Tamaki's “This One Summer,” which has been restricted and even banned for LGBT characters, drug use and profanity. Several books were challenged because of sexuality and the presence of transgender characters, including the works ranked two to five: Raina Telgemeier's “Drama,” Alex Gino's “George,” Jazz Jenning's and Jessica Herthel's “I Am Jazz” and David Levithan's “Two Boys Kissing.”
“We see a real problem with labeling, reducing the whole book because of sexual content,” LaRue said.
John Green's “Looking for Alaska” was No. 6, cited for being “sexually explicit.” Chuck Palahniuk of “The Fight Club” fame is No. 7 for “Make Something Up: Stories You Can't Unread,” which inspired the distinctive complaint of being “disgusting and all-around offensive.”
The others in the top 10 were Matt Fraction's “Big Hard Sex Criminals” (the title alone is trouble) and Rainbow Rowell's “Eleanor & Park,” criticized for “offensive language.”
The library association recorded 323 challenges last year, a 17-percent increase over 2015 but relatively low compared with the previous decade, when more than 400 were usually tallied. The ALA has long believed that for every challenge reported, four to five are not brought to its attention and that self-censorship is increasingly common.
“One of the real issues is that fewer schools have librarians, so they don't know there's a thoughtful way to respond to complaints,” LaRue said. “You also have school librarians saying upfront that they won't want profanity or sex in the books they acquire.”
The ALA defines a challenge as “an attempt to remove or restrict materials, based upon the objections of a person or group.” Books that have been on the list include Harper Lee's “To Kill a Mockingbird,” J.K. Rowling's “Harry Potter” series and Maya Angelou's “I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings.”
Read more here
MAIDUGURI, Nigeria (AP) — Officials say a dog at a Nigerian wedding party grappled with a suicide bomber until her explosives detonated, killing the animal as well.
Buba Ahmed of Belbelo village, near the northeastern city of Maiduguri, says guests are grateful that the dog sacrificed itself to save their lives.
He says the teenage bomber was on the outskirts of a gathering where most villagers were attending a wedding ceremony when the dog pounced on her Sunday morning.
Police spokesman Victor Isuku on Wednesday confirmed to The Associated Press that the dog had intervened to save the wedding party.
A multinational force has driven Boko Haram Islamic extremists out of most town and villages in northeastern Nigeria, but the extremists have resorted to attacking soft targets with suicide bombers.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
On last night's Daily Show, Jon Stewart turned his attention to the hazy culture wars presently blazing across Colorado's newly legalized weed industry. So he turned to conservative rabble-rouser Bill O'Reilly and Times columnist David Brooks for smart takes—or, err, semi-coherent screeds against legalization.
O'Reilly argued on his show that since some adults can handle the mind-altering affects of weed and others can't, smoking up is "literally Russian Roulette." Stewart jumped on the Biden-esque use of "literally."
"In fact," he quipped, "I think the only difference between a bong hit and pointing a loaded gun at your own skull is that the gun can kill you instantly and must never be criminalized or restricted in any way ever." He then skewered O'Reilly's bizarre fixation on the "texting epidemic." Echoing a Tina Brown tweet, Bill O'Reilly pointed out that "in China young people are encouraged to compete, be disciplined, and live in the real world"; Stewart reminded the bumbling host that the Chinese use texting more than anyone else in the world—and restrict the size of their families through central planning.
Stewart saved his sharpest bile for David Brooks, the New York Times columnist who took a bold stance against legalization in a column wherein he confessed to toking in his youth, yet showed no comprehension of his own privilege as a white person who smoked years before the war on drugs mass incarcerated people of color.
"You just don't get it, Brooks," Stewart mouthed. "You just don't understand the 'exuberance of the feast.'" Indeed, he closed by quoting a "stirring tribute to hedonism" written by none other than, err, David Brooks in 2005.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
David Chen, Jeff Cannata, Peter Sciretta, and Germain Lussier reconvene to discuss the results of their 2016 box office summer movie wager results. Did Peter take it all by betting his money on Finding Dory over Captain America: Civil War? Below, you'll find the actual box office rankings for this summer, as well as Dave, Jeff, Peter, and Germain's original rankings. Hit the jump to download and listen to the podcast.
You can download the podcast or listen to it below:
Subscribe to the /Filmcast:
Actual Top 10 list for summer 2015:
1. Finding Dory
2. Captain America: Civil War
3. The Secret Life of Pets
4. Suicide Squad
5. Jason Bourne
6. X-Men: Apocalypse
7. Star Trek Beyond
8. Central Intelligence
9. Ghostbusters
10. The Legend of Tarzan
2016 Summer Movie Wager Scoring:
Getting number 1 or number 10 dead-on gets you 13 points (each).
The rest of the scoring goes like this:
10 points for numbers 2-9 dead-on
7 points if your pick was only one spot away from where it ended up
5 points if it was two spots away
3 points if your pick is anywhere in the Top 10
1 point for each dark horse that makes it into the Top 10
The scoring is tabulated so that you get the SINGLE HIGHEST point value for each pick- that is, if you get number ten right, you don't get 13+3, you only get 13.
Peter Sciretta's List:
Finding Dory Captain America: Civil War Suicide Squad Independence Day: Resurgence X-Men: Apocalypse Ghostbusters The Secret Life of Pets Star Trek Beyond Alice Through the Looking Glass Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows
Wildcards
Ice Age: Collision Course
Neighbors 2
Warcraft
David Chen's List
Captain America: Civil War Finding Dory Secret Life of Pets Suicide Squad X-Men Apocalypse Star Trek Beyond Jason Bourne Ghostbusters Independence Day: Resurgence Ice Age: Collision Course
Wild Cards:
BFG
Warcraft
Tarzan
Germain Lussier's List:
Captain America Civil War Finding Dory Independence day Secret Life Pets X-men Alice Central Intelligence Ghostbusters Suicide Squad Star Trek Beyond
Wildcards
Neighbors 2
Ninja Turtles 2
Conjuring 2
Jeff Cannata's List:
Civil War Finding Dory Ice Age Xmen Apocalypse Independence Day TMNT Jason Bourne Star Trek ghostbusters Suicide Squad
Wildcards
Neighbors 2
Central Intelligence
Pete's Dragon
Devindra Hardawar's List:
Captain America Civil War Suicide Squad The Angry Birds Movie X-Men Apocalypse The Secret Life of Pets Finding Dory Jason Bourne Star Trek Beyond Independence Day Resurgence Ghostbusters
Wildcards
"Israel is trying to divert attention from the defeat that it suffered in the face of the determination of the hero prisoner, Mohammed Allan."
That's from a spokesperson for the subtly named Islamic Jihad, a rebel group whose leadership is based in Damascus. Mohammed Allan had been starving himself for more than two months while in Israeli detention. He apparently decided to start eating again on Wednesday after Israel's high court suspended his arrest warrant.
This "defeat", Islamic Jihad claims, prompted Israel to blame the group for a rocket attack that hit an Israeli village on Thursday.
The rockets fell harmlessly into the brush and even if they hadn't, Israel had deployed Iron Dome interceptors "as a precaution," so in the event citizens were at risk, the missiles likely would have been shot down, but nevertheless, the Israeli military retaliated in characteristically disproportionate fashion striking targets in the Syrian Golan Heights "five or six times" on Friday. Here's Reuters:
Israeli officials said two rockets struck close to a northern village in the upper Galilee, near the Lebanese border, setting off brush fires but causing no casualties. Air-raid sirens had sent residents to shelters. The attack was unusual as that frontier had been largely quiet since the 2006 war between Israel and the Lebanese guerrilla group Hezbollah. By contrast, the Israeli-occupied Golan, about 16 km (10 miles) to the east, has occasionally come under fire from within Syria during the four-year-old civil war there. An Israeli military source said the air force and artillery had struck "five or six times" in the Syrian Golan.
Syrian state TV confirmed Israeli strikes had hit, but said only material damage was done after "several missiles" targeted a transportation center and a public building in the Quneitra area near the Israeli frontier. Rebel sources in Syria, however, said the strikes hit some of Damascus's military facilities on the Golan. A monitor initially reported casualties but did not elaborate.
For their part, Israel says a cell within the group fired the rockets at the behest of an unnamed "Iranian commander." That commander is apparently now dead, along with at least three out of four militants whose car was the target of the Israeli airstrikes.
More from Hareetz:
On Friday morning, an Israeli aircraft struck a car carrying five people in Syria. According to Syrian state TV, the attack took place in a village near Quneitra but gave no further details. According to the IDF, four were killed in the attack, while the condition of the fifth was unknown. It said that the men were members of the Islamic Jihad. In Syria, there were conflicting reports as to the identity of those killed in the attack. Sources in the Syrian opposition said that five people were killed in the attack, including an Iranian commander. Syrian state TV said the five were civilians. A senior Israeli officer told reporters on Friday that the IDF was tracking the cell following the rocket attack. He said that the decision to target them was reached after intelligence information confirmed that they fired the rockets on Thursday. The strike was carried out at the center of the Syrian Golan Heights, ten kilometers from the border with Israel. The senior officer stressed that the attack took place in an area controlled by the Syrian army.
"We have no wish to continue heating up [the border], but to protect the security of the State of Israel and its northern border," the officer said. He stressed that the militants received their directions from Iran. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said that Israel "has no intention to escalate the events, but our (Israel's) policy stands. He added: "The states rushing to embrace Iran should know that an Iranian commander gave the cell orders to fire at Israel."
The implications here are as yet unclear, but there are two things worth noting.
First, Islamic Jihad is openly backed by Iran. Should the conflict escalate it will likely serve as further ammunition (figuratively speaking) for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who has been a sharp critic of the nuclear deal which is currently the subject of fierce debate among US lawmakers ahead of an attempt by Republicans to undercut the agreement and override a Presidential veto next month. From FT:
[The attacks] came as Israel delivered a demarche to the six world powers who signed a nuclear deal with Iran, which it blames for having co-ordinated the rocket attack. “This is another clear and blatant demonstration of Iran's continued and unabating support and involvement in terrorist attacks against Israel and in the region in general,” the demarche, published by Israel's foreign ministry on Friday morning, said. “This attack has also occurred before the ink on the . . . nuclear agreement has even dried, and provided a clear indication of how Iran intends to continue to pursue its destabilising actions and policies as the international sanctions regime is withdrawn in the near future,” the Israeli protest said.
Perhaps more importantly, Israel says it "holds the Syrian government responsible for [the] attacks," which would seem to suggest that in the event further "stray" rockets should find their way into Israel setting off any more brush fires, the Israeli military - which, you'll note, isn't exactly shy about retaliating mercilessly in the face of "aggression" - might just join the melee across the border.
In this microscope photo of motor neurons created in the laboratory of Su-Chun Zhang, green marks the nucleus and red marks the nerve fibers. Zhang and co-workers at the Waisman Center have identified a misregulation of protein in the nucleus as the likely first step in the pathology of ALS. Image: Hong Chen, Su-Chun Zhang/Waisman Center
By studying nerve cells that originated in patients with a severe neurological disease, a University of Wisconsin–Madison researcher has pinpointed an error in protein formation that could be the root of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Also called Lou Gehrig's disease, ALS causes paralysis and death. According to the ALS Association, as many as 30,000 Americans are living with ALS.
After a genetic mutation was discovered in a small group of ALS patients, scientists transferred that gene to animals and began to search for drugs that might treat those animals. But that approach has yet to work, says Su-Chun Zhang, a neuroscientist at the Waisman Center at UW–Madison, who is senior author of the new report, published April 3 in the journal Cell Stem Cell.
Su-Chun Zhang
Zhang has been using a different approach — studying diseased human cells in lab dishes. Those cells, called motor neurons, direct muscles to contract and are the site of failure in ALS.
About 10 years ago, Zhang was the first in the world to grow motor neurons from human embryonic stem cells. More recently, he updated that approach by transforming skin cells into iPS (induced pluripotent stem) cells that were transformed, in turn, into motor neurons.
IPS cells can be used as “disease models,” as they carry many of the same traits as their donor. Zhang says the iPS approach offers a key advantage over the genetic approach, which “can only study the results of a known disease-causing gene. With iPS, you can take a cell from any patient, and grow up motor neurons that have ALS. That offers a new way to look at the basic disease pathology.”
In the new report, Zhang, Waisman scientist Hong Chen, and colleagues have pointed a finger at proteins that build a transport structure inside the motor neurons. Called neurofilament, this structure moves chemicals and cellular subunits to the far reaches of the nerve cell. The cargo needing movement includes neurotransmitters, which signal the muscles, and mitochondria, which process energy.
Hong Chen
Motor neurons that control foot muscles are about three feet long, so neurotransmitters must be moved a yard from their origin in the cell body to the location where they can signal the muscles, Zhang says. A patient lacking this connection becomes paralyzed; tellingly, the first sign of ALS is often paralysis in the feet and legs.
Scientists have known for some time that in ALS, “tangles” along the nerve's projections, formed of misshapen protein, block the passage along the nerve fibers, eventually causing the nerve fiber to malfunction and die. The core of the new discovery is the source of these tangles: a shortage of one of the three proteins in the neurofilament.
The neurofilament combines structural and functional roles, Zhang says. “Like the studs, joists and rafters of a house, the neurofilament is the backbone of the cell, but it's constantly changing. These proteins need to be shipped from the cell body, where they are produced, to the most distant part, and then be shipped back for recycling. If the proteins cannot form correctly and be transported easily, they form tangles that cause a cascade of problems.”
Finding neurofilament tangles in an autopsy of an ALS patient “will not tell you how they happen, when or why they happen,” Zhang says. But with millions of cells — all carrying the human disease — to work with, Zhang's research group discovered the source of the tangles in the protein subunits that compose the neurofilaments. “Our discovery here is that the disease ALS is caused by misregulation of one step in the production of the neurofilament,” he says.
“We can put this into action right away. The basic research is now starting to pay off. With a disease like this, there is no time to waste.” Su-Chun Zhang
Beyond ALS, Zhang says “very similar tangles” appear in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases. “We got really excited about the idea that when you study ALS, you may be looking at the root of many neurodegenerative disorders.”
While working with motor neurons sourced in stem cells from patients, Zhang says he and his colleagues saw “quite an amazing thing. The motor neurons we reprogrammed from patient skin cells were relatively young, and we found that the misregulation happens very early, which means it is the most likely cause of this disease. Nobody knew this before, but we think if you can target this early step in pathology, you can potentially rescue the nerve cell.”
In the experiment just reported, Zhang found a way to rescue the neural cells living in his lab dishes. When his group “edited” the gene that directs formation of the deficient protein, “suddenly the cells looked normal,” Zhang says.
Already, he reports, scientists at the Small Molecule Screening and Synthesis Facility at UW–Madison are looking for a way to rescue diseased motor neurons. These neurons are made by the millions from stem cells using techniques that Zhang has perfected over the years.
Zhang says “libraries” of candidate drugs, each containing a thousand or more compounds, are being tested. “This is exciting. We can put this into action right away. The basic research is now starting to pay off. With a disease like this, there is no time to waste.”
Michael Chapman, editor of CNS News, posted one heck of a whopper this morning about the number of American guns turning up at Mexican crime scenes:
A new federal report reveals that 70% of the firearms seized by Mexican authorities between 2009 and 2014 originated in the United States. In addition, the report shows that the majority of those U.S.-originated guns were bought in California, Arizona, and Texas, southwest states that border Mexico. The report from the General Accountability Office (GAO) was issued on Jan. 16 and is entitled, Firearms Trafficking: U.S. Efforts to Combat Firearms Trafficking to Mexico Have Improved, But Some Collaboration Challenges Remain. Between 2009 and 2014, the federal bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms (ATF) confirmed that Mexican authorities seized 104,850 firearms. Using a sophisticated tracing program, called eTrace, the ATF determined that 73,684 of those weapons, or 70%, originated in the United States.
But that's not actually what the GAO report says, and Chapman missed this all-important detail.
NOTE: These figures reflect firearms seized by Mexican authorities and traced by ATF, not all firearms seized in Mexico.
Mexico only asks for an ATF eTrace if markings on the weapon suggest it was either made in or imported through the United States.
In reality less than 8-percent of guns recovered in Mexico come from U.S. gun shops.
CNS News owes it's readers a retraction for poor reporting, and the GAO owes the public an apology for a poorly written report that could be misconstrued in such a manner.
A rarely seen fish that resembles a severed head with a huge mouthful of fangs has been captured on video in its natural, deep-sea habitat for the first time.
The female “black sea devil” anglerfish was filmed 580 metres below the surface of the ocean on Nov. 17 using a remote-controlled robotic submarine by researchers at the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute in California.
As of Monday morning, the video of a female “black sea devil” anglerfish has already been watched 1.4 million since it was posted on YouTube three days earlier.
The video was captured using a remotely operated vehicle called Doc Ricketts, shown here being launched from the research vessel Western Flyer. (Todd Walsh/MBARI)
Anglerfish are monstrous-looking deep-sea predators named and known for a worm-like appendage on their heads that emits light. The fish waves the lure around in order entice prey into their gaping mouths.
According to the research institute, anglerfish have only been captured on video a handful of times. To the researchers' knowledge, this particular species was never filmed previously.
The beady-eyed, nine-centimetre-long fish, which swims with its toothy mouth open wide, is captured in such detail that you can see a broken tooth flapping as it swims and tiny dots on its skin that are used to sense the movements of its prey.
The researchers report they know it is a female because males are much smaller and don't have a lure, as their main focus is reproduction rather than hunting.
On mobile and can't see the video? Watch here
Story highlights Google said this week that its ultra-fast Internet service, Google Fiber, is coming to Austin, Texas
In Kansas City, where the service launched last fall, 1-gigabit service costs $70 per month
Google is offering seven years of free Internet service at current average broadband speeds
Service also could have benefits for education, health care
This week, tech giant Google made it official: Google Fiber is coming to Austin . Residents of the hip Texas city will be the beneficiaries of Internet speeds of 1-gigabit, roughly 100 times faster than current speeds.
In Kansas City, where the service launched last fall, 1-gigabit service costs $70 per month. For $120 per month, consumers get Google's TV service in addition to gigabit speeds. The company also offers seven years of free Internet service at current (5 mbps) speeds, after a $300 installation fee.
It's entirely possible that Google Fiber could cost more in the future, but for now Google says it expects prices in Austin to be "roughly similar to Kansas City."
Here are five reasons why you should want Google Fiber to come to your city as well.
Goodbye buffering: It's the bane of Internet users everywhere. How many times have you been watching a video on YouTube or elsewhere on the Web, only to have the stream freeze up, forcing you to sit there like a chump while you wait for the video to resume?
Slate's Farhad Manjoo describes a Google Fiber demonstration in which a company official played five high-definition YouTube videos simultaneously without a hitch. Most users are unlikely to watch five videos at the same time, but the point stands: With Google Fiber's gigabit speeds, say goodbye to buffering.
JUST WATCHED Uncle Sam eyes tech companies' perks Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Uncle Sam eyes tech companies' perks 02:18
JUST WATCHED Online advertisers know little about you Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Online advertisers know little about you 03:31
And it's not just YouTube: Imagine being able to download a full-length high-definition movie in a matter of seconds.
The price is right: It's hard to beat free. Let's say you're content with your current broadband speeds and if you don't want to pay for a gigabit. Google is offering at least seven years of free Internet service at current national average broadband speeds of 5 mbps, after a one-time $300 installation fee.
Now, suppose you pay $60 per month for your current broadband service. That's $720 per year, or more than $5,000 over the course of seven years. With Google Fiber's basic service, you're saving more than $4,700.
Needless to say, this could go a long way toward making broadband service affordable in low-income communities, which, in turn, could help close the digital divide
Prodding the competition: When Google Fiber was announced, many observers believed the company's goal would be to shame the existing broadband giants into improving their offerings, by demonstrating that vastly faster service is possible in the U.S. Google insists that Google Fiber is a real business, not merely a shaming exercise, but there's no doubt that the incumbent providers are paying close attention.
In fact, just minutes after Google unveiled its Austin service , telecom giant AT&T announced that it, too, wants to build a gigabit network in Austin. Clearly, AT&T could have previously launched such a service, but it appears that it took the arrival of Google Fiber to prod the company into doing so. The lesson is clear: More competition means better service for users.
Health-care uses: When Google Fiber's Kansas City network was announced, the company said it planned to work with the University of Kansas Medical Center to develop the gigabit medical applications of the future. Imagine seeing your doctor remotely via a high-speed Internet connection.
At a brainstorming session in Kansas City last year, officials at Children's Mercy Hospitals and Clinics discussed how a child on a home ventilator "might be able to avoid a trip to the hospital if he or she can be seen by a physician via video conference." The same could also apply to home-bound or elderly patients, or others who face challenges with mobility, such as patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Other possible uses include the ability to allow doctors to share large files, like high-resolution photos of the retina, which are used in annual eye scans for patients with diabetes. The same goes for large files used in heart and vascular imaging.
Education applications: Students with broadband at home have a 7% higher graduation rate, according to the Federal Communications Commission. Correlation isn't causation, of course, but Google Fiber's basic service could make it possible for families in low-income neighborhoods to to afford broadband service for the first time. Studies have shown that students with broadband at home study more, watch less television, and improve their grades.
Meanwhile, schools and universities across the country are experimenting with remote and networked learning. Teachers and lecturers could simulcast their lessons to a classrooms across town — or across the country. Students could collaborate on science projects with their peers in other schools. And with the advent of 3D broadcasting, imagine if students could inspect a visualization of the planets orbiting the sun in the solar system, projected right out into their classroom.
The truth is that we still don't know all of the innovative ways in which 1-gigabit Internet service will be put to use. Fifteen years ago, when most people still had slow, dial-up connections, many of the broadband uses we now take for granted would have seemed far-fetched. Video-conferencing services like Skype didn't exist for the average consumer.
Now, millions of people use Skype to communicate every day. Internet-based streaming services like Netflix didn't exist. Today, millions of people use Netflix to watch movies and TV shows over the Internet.
What will the next generation of engineers and developers do with Google Fiber? It's hard to say, because so few people currently have access to the service. But Google is laying the foundation for new, gigabit-based applications that haven't yet been invented.
"The gigabit is the future," Kevin Lo, Google Fiber general manager, said in announcing that Austin would receive the new service. "At Google, we have always invested in the future of the Internet. When more people are connected, it makes our communities stronger."
The Tampa Bay Lightning certainly put on one heck of a show against the Toronto Maple Leafs. The two points that the Lightning earned in this encounter allowed them to regain their spot in the Eastern Conference Standings. There is no denying that one of the driving forces in this game that opened the door for the win was the natural hat trick from Lightning captain Steven Stamkos.
The action would be spread across two periods of play. The first of which would not come until just over the halfway point in the period.
The first of Stamkos' three goals came in the first period as Maple Leafs left wing David Clarkson sat in the box for two minutes for Interference on Victor Hedman.
At 13:22, Stamkos would capitalize on the power play, notching goal number one; his 17th of the season.
Just over two minutes later, he would score goal number two with assist from centerand defenseman. This would make number 18 overall for the captain.
In true Stammer form, Stamkos would notch his third and final goal of the night at just 5:55 in the second period. Stammer would get the assists from left wingand defenseman. This would serve as Stamkos' 19overall goal.
Steven Stamkos has been back just 7 games, not counting the one that the Bolts are playing right now, and he has already netted 5 goals and 2 assists for a total of 7 points. I still assert that had Stamkos not broken his leg at the beginning of the season that he was on the fast track to leading the NHL in goals and possibly points; however, that is another story for another day.
What did you think of Stammer's performance in last night's game against the Maple Leafs? Do you think he has what it takes to lead the Lightning into the post season? Let us know what you think in the comments below.
Be sure to stay up-to-date with all the latest Lightning news and updates with Bolts By the Bay. LIKE us on Facebook at Bolts By The Bay, and you can follow us on Twitter at @BoltsByTheBay.
Footballers have a famously short career. You start at 18, finish at 35 and then you're basically The Queen Mum. It's a job in which retirement is a concept you dread rather than one you pine for. Having been taken out of wider society at some point in your teens, the chances are you don't exactly have much to fall back on. Even in the days of the mega pay packets and coaching badges, footballers' second acts can be fairly bleak places, as the likes of Gazza, Keith Gillespie, Kenny Sansom and others will testify.
The cliché is that if they don't fall into alcoholism or low-level coaching, most footballers go on to run pubs after they retire. It's true to an extent. (West Ham hard bastard Julian Dicks has got a place called the Shepherd & Dog in rural Essex.) But really, they do all sorts of things. Robbie Fowler is a slumlord, for instance. Before he got handed an uncertain position at Spurs, Tim Sherwood edited a magazine for celebrities. George Weah ran to be the president of Liberia. Eric Cantona became an actor, Bixente Lizarazu is a European Jiu-Jitsu champion and Gabriel Batistuta started playing polo. It depends on the player, really.
Now, the recently retired Gary Neville and the soon-to be retired Ryan Giggs have gone into business together, opening the imaginatively named “Café Football” football restaurant within the spiritual home of spending money unwisely: the Westfield Shopping Centre.
These two are people I have a vested interest in. They're the players I grew up watching, the ones whose careers have spanned my life as a football fan, and so I went to find out if there really is room for a football version of Planet Hollywood.
Westfield is a weird place, isn't it? A garish living museum dedicated to the madness of late capitalism plonked right into the middle of one of London's most socially divided areas. It's like the British Museum if it displayed things that 21st Century Man buys on credit cards rather than the things that 2nd Century Man had slaves build for him.
Because of its proximity to the station, it's completely unavoidable if you live in Stratford (same goes for the one in Shepherd's Bush). Westfield is a shopping centre, a temple and a major thoroughfare all in one. Once upon a time, shopping centres were places that you went to if you were either feeling flush with cash, or just about ready to throw yourself off the top-level food court into the basement coin fountains, but now, you can't fucking escape them. If ever there was an attempt to keep the proles feeling terrible about themselves, it's putting branches of Omega next to bus stations.
Café Football is located in an area of this consumer megalopolis called “The Street”, an outdoor district that contains one of those creepy Germanic Christmas markets, scorched Nutella waffles for four quid a pop and a massive branch of just about every restaurant you've ever been to, apart from Wimpy.
Made out of reclaimed steel and the size of an A-Road Lock N Store, it didn't really look like many “cafes” I've ever been to. But if I judged all cafes on how they looked from the outside, I'd never have had a Full English in my life.
To be fair, once I got inside, it did resemble a cafe a bit more closely, with its open kitchen, relaxed seating arrangements and groups of dour men. But more than anything, it reminded me of an ambitious branch of Foxton's with more behind the bar than just Perrier and Coke.
However, just in case any kids' birthday parties felt let down by the lack of mascots, dugout-style seats and those giant watch things that hang on the walls of suburban bedrooms, there was enough football tat smattered around to let everyone know that this was definitely a themed restaurant. Here are some boots – possibly Ryan Giggs's :) or possibly Gary Neville's :(
In a quasi-tasteful, post-modern addition there were a number of football clichés plastered over the walls. Which is strange, because Gary is a thoroughly modern pundit who tends to avoid these. God, maybe Gary's being ironic? Maybe Gary Neville is now an ironic football restaurateur. Who would've guessed he'd grow so much back when he seemed like Little England's last outpost waddling along the right flank.
I'm not sure this one actually is a football cliché. It sounds more Lil' Jon than John Motson, more Rick Ross than Richard Keys.
The menu was remarkably comprehensive. With burgers, pizzas, pies, pasta, salad, noodles and basically everything else on the menu, they seem to have adopted a zonal marking approach to people's eating habits.
After plenty of deliberation, I went for a starter of mini fish 'n' chips, and Chloe, our photographer, opted for the more ladylike "treble pie". For our mains, we decided to both try the "fan's favourites" selection, a kind of revolving guest menu chosen by famous football supporters. I went for West Ham chairwoman Karren Brady's pie, mash 'n' liquor and Chloe went for Michael Vaughn's ham, egg 'n' chips. Because we all know British people only eat meals that have 'n's in them. And come in three portions. A hat-trick of portions, as Cafe Football's maitre'd would no doubt describe it.
The mini fish 'n' chips was a decent start. Bits of deep-fried whitebait, with satay fishbits, tangy tartare and some crisps, which tasted good but looked like parcel stuffing, It was the kinda thing that'd get Gregg Wallace's eyes a bit wet on Masterchef. If I worked for the Evening Standard food section, I'd probably call it "classic British food with a twist". But I don't, so I'll just call it "pretty good".
The "treble pies", however, weren't "pretty good" at all; in fact they were "bloody awful" and more like something you'd expect to find in a petrol station fridge than a proper restaurant. The curried chicken, the beef 'n' ale (or was it white spirit?) and the cheese 'n' vegetable were lukewarm, flaky and sparsely filled. They were presented within a box emblazed with Fergie's famous, "Football... Bloody hell" line and are certainly the most miserable way either Ryan or Gary will ever commemorate their 1999 treble.
Between courses I nosed about the place, searching in vain for signed match balls or glass cabinets exhibiting Massimo Taibi's gloves or Alf-Inge Haaland's shattered kneecap. Clearly this is a classier establishment than that.
Still though, the promise of "top notch food and lively banter" was only being partly fulfilled. Come on Nev, get your waiter's outfit on and give the punters some of this.
The place was relatively busy for a weekday lunchtime, but there was little in the way of storming repartee or locker room horseplay. Nobody had made a joke about Becks's sarong or scalded Peter Schmeichel's penis yet. It was mostly just groups of thirty-somethings in moderately expensive suits drinking Peroni.
Wondering what other footballers thought of the place, I asked the Managing Director if any had been in yet. He told me that Ravel Morrison had been in last week, and Kevin Nolan had a table booked for the coming week. Unsurprisingly, they hadn't elected to include a quote from Morrison in the press release. They must be waiting for the arrival of Nolan's famously refined palate before they can really start boasting.
Eventually the mains arrived. My choice – as suggested by Karren Brady, remember(!) – pie 'n' mash, was a decent attempt at the form but at nearly 14 quid, it was pricey. Then again, what else could you expect from a woman who sold her own husband to Stoke?
Michael "Vaughny" Vaughan's crazy ham, egg 'n' chips concoction (chips out of shot and in another receptacle, of course) was pretty good. Though can you think of a dish that's harder to fuck up than ham, egg 'n' chips? It's what divorced dads line their stomachs with before the pub. I didn't expect molecular gastronomy from an England cricket captain, but I expected more than just a piece of rocket in terms of flair.
At the half-time stage, I wondered what the score would be if this was a real football match. One of the starters was fine; the other was a bit grim. One of the mains was fine, the other was better, but a little bit scrappy. We were probably drawing 1-1, going behind early but coming back in the second half through a deflected corner. As the cliché mural on the wall said, it was still "all to play for".
For the desserts, we decided to launch an all-out attack; we were hauling off Carrick and slinging on Chicharito. We were eschewing the world of taste, and heading straight for the football-themed puddings.
I went for the "Chocolate Turf", a kind of brownie with a green Pistachio topping that's designed to look, alluringly, like a piece of pitch. Chloe went for "Wignall's Half Time Orange". At first I read it as "Wigley", and wondered if football's most famous caretaker had finally packed up his tracksuit and gone into cooking, but the dish was in fact named by Michelin starred chef Michael Wignall, who had devised the menu.
The Turf Cake was not an appetising proposition. When it arrived on my plate, I felt like one of those sorry bastards who'd won a section of the pitch from his beloved home ground just before it was turned into luxury flats. On realising I had to eat it, I wondered if perhaps there was anyone who loved Maine Road or Highbury so much that they decided to tear the grass, soil and line-paint from the ground, and eat it, so it would forever be a part of them.
Sadly, the thing was just a rich and slightly stodgy chocolate cake that I couldn't really stomach more than three mouthfuls of.
On first impressions, the Half-Time Orange seemed even less edible than the Turf Cake. It looked ornamental and smelt chemical, like a Lush Bath Bomb frozen rock hard. I'm not a parfait connoisseur, but I'm pretty sure it isn't meant to be deadly if you throw it at someone hard enough.
Because of its texture, temperature and shape, the damn thing was almost impossible to eat. It was a challenge in physics as much as it was in gastronomy. After a good few minutes chasing it round my plate, while it escaped from the spoon like a stuffed toy in a rigged arcade machine, I eventually managed to get into it. Of course, it was too cold to eat. But through the brain freeze, I could just make out a citrusy, perfumey taste. Un-edible and inedible; a first!
When the bill came, I was a little bit disturbed that I was about to shell out £72 for lunch, but looking closely at the prices, Cafe Football probably falls into a fairly uniform pricing range that's somewhere above Nando's and below El Bulli.
As I trudged back to the office with the rare novelty of a three-course, boozeless lunch in my stomach, the food began to lose even its novelty factor. In its essence, it's very bad food. It's even worse when you consider it was devised and cooked by somebody with two Michelin stars.
On a technical level, I guess it had tried too hard to bridge a gap between classy and classic, traditional and experimental. It was supposed to keep the scum out, yet bring the tourists in. The food was uninspiring and overreaching at the same time. I'm not really sure what it should have been, but it shouldn't have been this.
If you really want to test the culinary instincts of Premier League stars, I'd suggest a trip to Essex to try Julian Dicks's grilled halibut.
Follow Clive on Twitter: @thugclive
See more of Chloe's work here and here.
Previously in the Who Are Ya? series:
Searching for English Football's Soul with Non-League Fanatics
We Spent Transfer Deadline Day with Marauding Arsenal Fans at the Emirates
I Went Looking for England Football Fans and Found Only a Lost England
Partying with Polish Football Fans Outside Wembley
Tabloid Watch has scored a direct hit in its analysis of an "exclusive" Sunday Express splash, BBC snubs our bomber boys. It was nothing more than a gratuitous attack on the BBC based on falsehood.
The story's intro said:
"The BBC was facing an angry backlash last night over its decision to snub the unveiling of the Bomber ­Command Memorial next week... The corporation has consigned live coverage... to little-watched digital channel BBC News, rather than to BBC1 or BBC2 which will be showing live tennis from Wimbledon during the 35-minute service."
Of course, the paper's reporters managed to stitch together quotes from people willing to bellyache about the matter. But they were, it appears, subject to an old reporting trick.
I tracked down two of them and discovered some interesting facts.
In one case, the man had offered critical quotes about the BBC on the basis of being given what he described as "inaccurate information" by the journalist who called him. Now aware of the BBC's coverage, he is not complaining.
In a second instance, Jim Dooley, financial director of the Bomber Command Association, told me his quotes were given after he was asked this direct question:
"Would you prefer the unveiling of the memorial to be shown live on BBC1 or to see a repeat of Bargain Hunt?"
As he now says, his answer was obvious. But, like anyone who deals with the press, he was also relaxed about it. "If you boys get it 51% right, I suppose that's ok."
He went on to tell me about his fund-raising efforts for the event and was much more exercised about the Ministry of Defence's failure to provide money than about the BBC's coverage.
And that takes me to the other named person in the story, the defence minister, Gerald Howarth, who was quoted as saying:
"It would be extremely disappointing if there wasn't full and comprehensive media coverage of this national event."
This is a typically nuanced political remark that makes no specific reference to the BBC. Almost anyone would say as much, or as little. His press office have yet to return my request for an explanation as to how it came about.
So, to sum up, there was no backlash because the quotes were, in essence, confected. Nor, of course, was there any justification for referring to the BBC as snubbing the event.
As Tabloid Watch pointed out, this non-story was exposed in the final paragraphs, which was a quote from a BBC spokesman:
"We are aware of the significance of this story, both for the ­veterans and for our audiences. The midday service is being filmed for later inclusion in a special programme Bomber Command: A Tribute on BBC2 at 5pm. The BBC News Channel is also currently planning to carry the service live at midday."
And then came the final killer quote from that same spokesman: "The Bomber Command Association are happy with our plans and have been working closely with us."
Some snub, eh? Some backlash. In other words, the story was fallacious nonsense.
So why did the Sunday Express run it? Go to Tabloid Watch for the likely answer.
Meanwhile, think also of this story in the context of the Leveson inquiry. Here is a national newspaper that sells 500,000 copies an issue. Its track record on accuracy has been noticeably poor.
As we reach the concluding segment of the inquiry into the standards, practices and ethics of the press the Sunday Express cavalierly publishes on its front page a blatantly biased and inaccurate story. No action is taken.
Yet Lord Justice Leveson is upset enough by a Mail on Sunday story about himself, alleging that he threatened to quit, to call in the reporter responsible.
Without wishing to suggest he may be overly thin-skinned, if the story was untrue, then I can understand why he was annoyed. He is getting a taste of what it's like to be subject to falsehoods.
But he and his team also need to grasp the significance of the Sunday Express story too, for several important reasons. First, it's part of a pattern - an example of routine national newspaper misbehaviour.
Second, the reaction to the story from the rest of Fleet Street is simply to ignore it, accepting with a collective shrug that such nonsense is par for the course.
Third, this story appeared in a newspaper that has been withdrawn from oversight by the current system of (non) regulation, the Press Complaints Commission. So nothing could be done by its good offices.
Fourth, if it had been part of that system, the PCC would have entertained a formal complaint from the BBC. But, of course, the BBC is so used to being rubbished in the press that it wouldn't bother to make one anyway.
The corporation takes the view that it cannot spend its time complaining about ridiculous tabloid stories. So the drip-drip-drip of anti-BBC articles are allowed to build up and fester among their licence payers.
It is a sorry tale all round, is it not?
The possibility to intercalate noble gas atoms below epitaxial graphene monolayers coupled with the instability at high temperature of graphene on the surface of certain metals has been exploited to produce Ar-filled graphene nanosized blisters evenly distributed on the bare Ni(111) surface. We have followed in real time the self-assembling of the nanoblisters during the thermal annealing of the Gr/Ni(111) interface loaded with Ar and characterized their morphology and structure at the atomic scale. The nanoblisters contain Ar aggregates compressed at high pressure arranged below the graphene monolayer skin that is decoupled from the Ni substrate and sealed only at the periphery through stable C–Ni bonds. Their in-plane truncated triangular shapes are driven by the crystallographic directions of the Ni surface. The nonuniform strain revealed along the blister profile is explained by the inhomogeneous expansion of the flexible graphene lattice that adjusts to envelop the Ar atom stacks.
Michael Schumacher said yesterday that he would understand why Sebastian Vettel might want to move to Ferrari to compete with Fernando Alonso at some point in the next few years, as has been mooted recently.
In an interview with Gazzetta dello Sport at the launch of a new watch he has developed with Swiss luxury brand Audemars Piguet, Schumacher said that at a certain point in the career of all drivers there comes a need to challenge yourself anew.
Asked whether he sees Vettel moving to Ferrari alongside Alonso he replied, "There's a lot of talk about it. I think that everyone, as I experienced myself at a certain point, feels the need for a fresh challenge; he too will have that, if he takes a decision in that sense."
Schumacher said that he would definitely stop racing after the Brazilian Grand Prix and had no intention of driving any other type of racing car in competition again, "I'm stopping here for good," he said, adding that he had no regrets over his the second career in F1 from 2010 to today, which has been useful because it taught him 'how to lose'
"If I look in the rear view mirror of my life, I see myself happy and smiling," he said. "I've had two distinct careers; one where I won everything and the second in which I learned what it means to lose. Yes I've learned how to lose. But this has made me more mature and also more patient, my age is part of that. Now I can look back globally on what I have done and I'm satisfied.
"I have no regrets, just joy for what I've achieved. And now life, from here onwards, will offer me plenty of new opportunities. I can't wait."
This is the closest Schumacher will come to admitting that in his first career he did things which crossed the line of acceptability because he couldn't stand the idea of losing and makes clear that he accepts it and has come to terms with it; the three most notorious being the collisions with Damon Hill at the final round in 1994 and with Jacques Villeneuve at the final round of 1997, as well as Rascasse-gate in 2006, where he parked the car in qualifying at Monaco in order to stop rivals beating him to pole position.
These things will always be on his record; he is the only driver to have been disqualified from FIA championship records, for example, for what happened at Jerez in 1997. But his record of seven world titles and 91 wins is there for all time. Perhaps only now is he able to realise what that all means.
It stands in stark contrast to that other seven times champion, Lance Armstrong, who is seeing all his achievements and his entire sporting persona pulled down because of his systematic use of doping in cycling. Schumacher may have committed the odd professional foul along the way, but he is still the colossus of our sport.
Schumacher rules out running his own F1 team and says, rather unconvincingly, that he's going to dedicate his competitive urge to horses and Western-style competitions with his wife Corinna.
Time will tell whether this is enough for Schumacher, who has always been very adept at using his personal brand. It's hard to see him letting that slip away in retirement.
D.C. Council member David Grosso (I-At Large), chairman of the education committee, said canceling the contract “would put the city in a really bad spot” with the summer program underway. (Astrid Riecken/For The Washington Post)
Weeks after the largest food vendor for the District's public school system agreed to pay $19 million to settle a lawsuit alleging mismanagement and fraudulent conduct, the D.C. Council appears poised to approve a $32 million contract with the same company to continue providing food services to school next year.
The settlement with Chartwells and Thompson Hospitality resolved a whistleblower lawsuit that alleged a joint venture between the companies overcharged the city and botched the school meals program, with food often arriving at schools late, spoiled or in short supply. The lawsuit led to an investigation and a complaint from the D.C. attorney general's office, and some D.C. residents are frustrated that the city would continue its relationship with such a vendor.
“I don't get it. It's a shock,” said Emily Gustafsson-Wright, a D.C. Public Schools parent who has advocated for healthy food in schools. “Why would you go down the same path? I think we should have higher standards.”
[D.C. schools food vendor pays $19 million to settle whistleblower lawsuit]
Chartwells-Thompson did not concede any wrongdoing in the settlement, which was instigated by a former director of food services for D.C. Public Schools. Officials from Chartwells, which is a subsidiary of Compass Group USA, said the agreement reflects a desire to resolve the issues and move forward.
But after the agreement was announced, D.C. Council member Mary M. Cheh (D-Ward 3) called for the District auditor to investigate the food service contract and offer an opinion as to whether the company's conduct should preclude it from winning future contracts. The city's inspector general also launched an audit of the school system's food service contracts and an evaluation of food quality and satisfaction with the food program.
The current year's contract expires Tuesday. Next year's contract has been submitted to the council for review, and no one has moved to challenge it.
D.C. Council member David Grosso (I-At Large), chairman of the Education Committee, said he is concerned that voting against the contract could jeopardize the city's summer food program, already underway, which feeds students when school is out. “It would put the city in a really bad spot,” he said.
He plans to hold an oversight hearing in mid-September, shortly after the council reconvenes after a two-month recess. “I want to continue to dig into this,” he said. Some parents want that hearing sooner, but Grosso said he hopes to have more input from pending investigations by the fall.
The whistleblower lawsuit was brought by Jeffrey Mills, executive director of the school system's Office of Food and Nutritional Services from 2010 until he was fired in early 2013. Last year, Mills settled a separate lawsuit with the school system for $450,000 that alleged he was terminated for raising concerns about the system's mismanagement of the contract.
The school system first contracted with Chartwells in 2008, seeking to save money and improve quality. But food costs went up. An independent audit in 2012 found that the food program lost more than $10 million per year since the contract began — and many schools complained of problems with the supply and quality of food.
According to the attorney general's complaint, Chartwells knowingly submitted false invoices that the school system paid and used “self-dealing purchasing arrangements” that inflated costs for the District.
In 2012, Chartwells's parent company, Compass Group USA, paid $18 million to settle allegations that the company overcharged more than three dozen school districts in New York.
Despite ongoing concerns, the District awarded Chartwells another contract in 2012.
School district officials have said they plan to continue working with Chartwells because there is not enough time to change vendors before next school year and because most of the concerns related to the first contract have been addressed.
Schools Chancellor Kaya Henderson reported reductions in food losses from $20 million in fiscal 2012 to $5 million in fiscal 2014, according to a December letter to Cheh that was provided to The Washington Post.
The contract expires in 2017, but the D.C. Council reviews contracts annually and has an opportunity to challenge them. Continuing contracts typically are given “passive approval,” which means they are automatically approved after a review period unless someone intervenes.
The $32 million contract for next school year — about $1 million more than the current year's contract — would pay for Chartwells to provide food services to 97 schools in the District. Two other vendors, D.C. Central Kitchen and Revolution Foods, provide services to a smaller number of schools.
D.C. Public Schools has made efforts in recent years to enhance the appeal of cafeteria food through a school food ambassador program, student taste tests and international food days. But school lunches remain a popular gripe among students. In oversight hearings this year, multiple students testified about poor food quality.
“The lunches may be healthier, but no one seems to want to eat them,” said Lena Jones, a senior at Woodrow Wilson High School. “Why? Because the food is not prepared well enough, and although the school may announce what's for lunch, kids still cannot tell what it is. They ask questions like, ‘This is chicken?' ”
Nominet helped the UK's Metropolitan Police seize 1,800 .uk domains during 2010, many of them just prior to Christmas, according to the Met.
The domains all allegedly hosted “bogus” sites that were “either fraudulent or advertising counterfeit goods which failed to materialise”, the Met said.
While a statement from the Police Central e-Crime Unit said it had worked with “registrars” to shut down the domains, it also credited Nominet a role:
The sites are run by organised criminal networks and thought to generate millions of pounds which can then be used to fund further illicit activity. The preventative action was carried out in partnership with Nominet – the public body for UK domain name registrations – and involved a concentrated effort around the festive period; a time when we traditionally see an upsurge in this type of crime as fraudsters take advantage of the increased number of online consumers.
It's not the first time the UK police, with Nominet's aid, have swooped to shut down such domains.
In December 2009, a similar announcement from the PCeU, which said that 1,219 domains had been turned off, was greeted less than warmly by some.
Web hosting companies reportedly often ask for a court order before shutting down sites. When VeriSign helped US law enforcement seize 80+ domains in November, it did so subject to a court order.
It seems domains in the UK may not be subject to such judicial oversight.
Nominet chief executive Lesley Cowley, discussing the December 2009 seizures in a recent interview, would only tell me that the police had “instructed” Nominet to shut down the domains.
According to The Register's coverage, Nominet used the lack of authentic Whois data as legal cover for those seizures.
But there is a new Nominet policy development process under way, initiated by the UK Serious and Organised Crime Agency, which seeks to amend the standard .uk registrant agreement to give a stronger contractual basis for seizing domains when they appear to break UK law.
Tweet
Jenson Button is a better driver than Lewis Hamilton, according to Damon Hill, the 1996 world champion who is hosting this weekend's British grand prix at Silverstone.
Hill, the president of the British Racing Drivers' Club, which owns the revamped Silverstone circuit, did not want to be rushed into a judgment. This thoughtful man stroked his grey goatee beard and screwed up his face in an agony of indecision as he looked skywards. But when he was forced to choose there was little doubt that he rated Button, the current world champion, ahead of Hamilton, the 2008 title winner.
"I think Lewis has got a little bit more to learn tactically than Jenson," he said of the McLaren team-mates. "He is still very young and learning but his approach is more impetuous, which works sometimes and doesn't at others. Whether Lewis will mature or not … he is bound to be maturing all the time but whether he learns to be circumspect when he needs to be, I don't know if that is his style. I don't know if he will do that."
When it came to Button, Hill had no reservations. "I wouldn't be surprised if Jenson won the championship again," he said. "He will absorb more as a competitor and maintain his equilibrium perhaps better than Lewis. I think it would be wrong to assume either would be that easy [to race against] but I think Jenson has perhaps got the slightly more relaxed approach."
Hill was speaking at the famous circuit which launched the Formula One world championship 60 years ago and will stage the British grand prix for the next 17 years following a £5m refit. "Lewis has got the mind-set of a driver who sees the normal state of affairs as him being first and the rest being second, which is great," he said. "I think that is what you would expect from a competitor. But perhaps Jenson is a little bit more opportunistic, and slightly more mature and realistic about things."
Button's switch to McLaren has impressed Hill. "I have been surprised by Jenson and the way he has handled it at McLaren," he said. "I am really pleased. He has got enormous talent. His career really was almost derailed in the first couple of seasons in F1.
"I think he has added something to McLaren. McLaren need someone like Jenson who has got a laid-back but seriously competitive and well-balanced attitude. He is someone who seems to be relishing having made the right decision and being in the right place, against everyone else's better judgment.
"He has proved everyone wrong by going to McLaren. He has shown he has quality in depth as a driver and [shown] his maturity. He is adding something else, which is really important and sometimes too easily forgotten – his attitude to the sport and his personality."
Hill feels that the obvious goodwill between the two McLaren drivers could be tested if the race for the championship goes to the wire. "It will be bitterly fought with no quarter given at all," he said.
When asked to compare the two drivers' styles he added: "I think they have got two totally different approaches. I think you've got a kind of Senna-esque driver [Hamilton] and a Prost-like driver [Button]. It is a bit like the tortoise and the hare. But Jenson is always there in with a shout. He will pick up opportunities when he needs to, as he showed when he won the championship. He put his foot down, took risks, and went through. He can do that but he is not at his maximum the whole time, which is what Lewis seems to be and sometimes Lewis, when he is at his maximum, will drop out. There will be a hiccup somewhere.
"I think he wants to be maximum attack. The race here two years ago, in the wet, he took maximum risks and it paid off and it was just incredible in very difficult conditions. You are not going to see that from Jenson, although he can be just as brilliant in the wet in a different way."
But Hill was reluctant to pick a title winner. "I don't think it is possible to call at the moment," he said. "The standard of competition in F1, with the crop of drivers we have, is unquestionably of a higher standard than it's ever been."
Until now the 1960s – when Hill's father, Graham, won his two world titles – was considered to be the golden age of British motor sport. But Hill added: "The professionalism of the drivers is greater than it's ever been. It has just been on simmer and now it is going to start to boil over. The preliminaries are over and from now on the clock is definitely ticking. You are going to run out of opportunities. If you are not in the frame now you are going to be watching it slip out of your fingers."
Less than two months after a Texas law allowing guns into public university buildings went into effect, an accidental discharge has been reported in a Tarleton State University dormitory.
No one was hurt in the incident, and a university spokesman said Friday there was "minimal property damage."
The accidental firing, first reported by the school's student newspaper, happened Wednesday evening at Integrity Hall, a co-ed dorm for upperclassmen on the Stephenville campus. In a statement, the university said the person who fired the gun was a concealed handgun license holder. Details about the person's age and relationship to the university weren't released. The person who fired the gun reported it to campus police, school officials said.
"The university is following its policies in responding to this incident and will continue to make every effort to assure the safety of our people," said Harry Battson, assistant vice president of marketing and communications.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Texas' campus carry law allows people with concealed handgun licenses to carry their weapons into most university buildings. Schools were allowed to carve out some exceptions, and some banned guns in at least some of their dormitories. Tarleton State, along with all other schools in the Texas A&M University System, opted to allow them in all dorms. As the law was being considered, A&M System Chancellor John Sharp said he trusted his students with concealed handgun licenses to be safe and responsible with their weapons.
Opponents of the law, however, have expressed worry about accidental firings or suicides made possible by the presence of guns. So far, there have been no major incidents.
Read more about campus carry in Texas:
Disclosure: The Texas A&M University System has been a financial supporter of The Texas Tribune. A complete list of Tribune donors and sponsors can be viewed here.
There has been a lot of effort by scientists to elucidate the multi functions of the naturally occurring hormone, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA). However, to plan research experiments optimally, it is important first to characterize the diurnal rhythm in healthy individuals. The aim of this research was to investigate the daily circadian rhythms of DHEA among the 2 genders, and the effect of age and exercise on salivary DHEA circadian rhythms. Volunteers (20-39 and 40-60 years) were recruited for 2 studies investigating the salivary DHEA circadian rhythm. The first study looked at the effect of gender and age on DHEA levels on 2 non-consecutive days, and the second study explored the effect of exercise on DHEA circadian rhythm in males. DHEA levels were estimated by a sensitive and specific ELISA method. The results showed a clear daily circadian rhythm in salivary DHEA in all participants groups, however the profile was flatter in the older female group. There was a significant difference between age and gender groups particularly at 8.00 h. In young males DHEA reduced from 541.1 ± 101.3 (mean ± sd) at 8.00 h to 198.9 ± 90.7 pg/mL at 18.00 h; p<0.0001, and young females from 401.6 ± 149.5 to 215.4 ± 95.3 pg/mL; p<0.001. In older males DHEA reduced from 267.5 ± 32.4 to 132.5 ± 46.7 pg/mL; p<0.001, and older females from 147.7 ± 78.1 to 89.5 ± 29.1 pg/mL; p=0.05. DHEA levels on 2 non-consecutive days showed some variations but this was not significant. Aerobic exercise has significantly increased DHEA levels at 2 time points of the day (p=0.05) in male subjects. In conclusion, our study showed a clear daily circadian rhythm in salivary DHEA in all participants was observed, but the profile was flatter in the older groups.
Copyright © 2016. Published by Elsevier Inc.
The fairness of Q&A host Tony Jones will be scrutinised as part of the ABC's far-reaching independent editorial review of the program, which is currently being boycotted by Abbott government ministers.
The ABC released the terms of reference for the review, to be conducted by television veteran Ray Martin and former SBS managing director Shaun Brown, on Thursday. It could recommend major changes to the way the program selects its audience members and panelists, as well as its use of live tweets.
Martin sparked calls from Coalition MPs for him to resign from the review when he said, among other things, that he believes Jones was as tough on the previous Labor government as he was on the Coalition.
The terms of reference state the review will take up to 12 weeks to be complete, and not be released for a "reasonable period" after that. This means the program will be without an Abbott government frontbencher for three months if the boycott holds during the process.
Coordinates: [1] Dickshooter is the name of a community and also of at least three geographical features in Owyhee County, Idaho: a ridge, a reservoir, and a creek. These are in close proximity to each other in the southwestern corner of the state, in a wilderness area approximately 24 miles (39 km) northwest of Riddle.[2]
The community is between Battle Creek and Deep Creek. The area is popular for its year-round recreational activities, which include hiking, camping, hunting, fishing,[3] swimming, bird watching, all-terrain vehicle riding, mountain biking, cross-country skiing, and snowmobiling. Surrounding areas are inhabited by bighorn sheep, elk, antelope, deer, bear, bobcat, mountain lion, grouse, and birds of prey.[2][4] The place is isolated, being a few hours' drive from passable roads.[5]
Dickshooter Creek is listed in the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System. It flows south into Deep Creek and dries out in the summer months. The gorge cut by the creek is a popular site for hiking and backpacking.[2][6]
Dickshooter Ridge is a wilderness area that provides a habitat for sage grouse and bighorn sheep. It was once proposed to be used as an "enemy village" target for Air Force bombing exercises.[7]
The United States Congress adopted the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009, which is designated to protect wilderness states and includes the area around the Creek and the Ridge.[8]
Origin of the name [ edit ]
Dickshooter was named for Dick Shooter, a pioneer settler.[2][4] Dickshooter Ridge Road was once used to travel from Silver City, Idaho to Salt Lake City in Utah, and to Humboldt County, Nevada, and offered "spectacular views of vertical walled gorges and vistas of the surrounding desert plateaus."[9] It has frequently been noted on lists of unusual place names.[10]
References [ edit ]
About
Hello Kung Fu film fans! My name is Jae Lee a indie game designer and the creator of the game Kings of Kung Fu. I am the lead designer, lead artist, animator, and music producer.
Kings of Kung Fu is passion project, a love letter to martial arts cinema, a project born out of a lifelong love of Martial arts films. These films were a major part of my childhood. I always wanted to see the best styles in Martial Arts films in one game. Imagine Jeet Kune Do style vs Drunken Boxing or Shaolin Hung Gar style vs Wing Chun. The possibilities are endless, and now for the first time ever you can see your favorite movie fighting styles in one game.
Wing Chun vs Drunken Fist
After years of countless fighting games and their sequels I have yet to find a game that marries the two genres seamlessly. A year ago I decided to take matters into my own hands, and thus Kings of Kung Fu was born. Kings of Kung fu is a game created by a martial arts film fan for martial arts film fans. A game that treats the subject matter with the passion and reverence it deserves. There are no over the top powers or character designs but more accurate features that we come to expect from the genre that we love so dearly.
1 on 1 Kung fu fighting action
12 Character styles inspired by classic kung fu films * more characters will be added upon fan request
15 Original stages inspired by classic kung fu films
Over 100 unique moves per character
Original Dynamic blocking/counter system
Authentic recreation of sound effects
Robust soundtrack inspired by classic kung fu films
The game relies on hand-to-hand combat as opposed to over the top special powers.
The control scheme is similar to that of Tekken with the four face buttons assigned to the individual limbs. There are manual and auto block options. There is a parry command that is drawn from the parry system featured in Street Fighter 3. A successful parry absorbs all damage and creates an counter opening. There are front and back dashes, hand springs, somersaults and other maneuvers you can do during combat to create space or close in on an opponent.
The combo system will have chain and linked normal attacks.The normal attacks can be linked to special moves, launchers, and knock backs. There are anti air attacks and juggle moves. The combo system is balanced to avoid overpowered characters.
The main unique feature to Kings of Kung fu is the Dynamic defense system. Players have the option to use traditional methods to block, but when attacked, the blocking player will incur block damage.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
When the dynamic dodge/counter button is pressed in time with oncoming attacks this move allows the player to dodge and avoid all incoming attacks without incuring damage. Besides looking cool a counter move can be performed after a successful dodge has been executed. This system was inspired by martial arts films. When two players successfully execute the defensive and offensive maneuvers the game will flow in a manner resembling something usually seen in martial arts films.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Players will have a series of attacks to choose from to make their combos. There are sweep moves, crumples, launchers, knockbacks, staggers, anti air moves and specials used to create combos.
There will be cinematic special moves in the final game.
Story Mode: Play a single character through regular battles and boss fights
Vs mode: Compete with a friend in versus mode
Training Mode: Practice combos and set ups
Survival mode: Fight against swarms of opponents
Tag team Mode: Teams of two go head to head ( If stretch goal is met)
Online Mode: Fight against players all over the world ( If stretch goal is met)
With the help of the community and supporters we can make the best Martial arts film inspired game possible. With the money acquired from funding I would hire programmers, character designers, stage designers, animators and possibly music producers all of course on a budget.
If I possibly fall short of the target goals I will still work to create a demo that could be used for possible investors at a later time.
Your pledge guarantees you a digital copy of the game upon release.
What you've seen so far is the result of dogged perseverance, sweat, tears, obstacles, and sacrifices over a 1-year period; imagine how amazing the game would be with the help of proper professionals, and that's where you come in to help make this shared dream come true.
Some of you may not be in a position to donate but your support would still be greatly appreciated and necessary. Spread the word to a friend or a loved one and together we can make the best Martial arts cinema inspired game to date.
Stretch goals
There are big things planned for Kings of Kung Fu if stretch goals are met
If the $5K intial goal is met it keeps the current game in production and gives the backers early access to the game demo's and alpha builds
1. $10K Alpha public demo : If the necessary stretch goal is met there will be a public demo release for the game with more characters.
2. $20k Weapons : If the necessary goal is met each fighter will have a unique weapon to use in combat. A feature seen in games like Soul Blade, Mortal Kombat DeadlyAlliance, and Tekken 6.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
3. $25k Extra characters and stages : If the necessary stretch goal is met there will be additional characters and stages added to the game.
4. $30k Tag team mode: If the necessary goal is met a tag team mode will be added to the game a feature seen in games like Street Fighter vs Tekken.
6. $35k Mobile port: If the necessary goal is met the game will be ported to IOS and android devices.
5. $40k Interactive stages: If he is necessary goal is met interactive stages will be added to the game. A feature seen in games like Dead or alive, Tekken and Injustice.
6. $60k Online mode: If the necessary goal is met the game will have online functionality. Where players can fight against each other globally.
7. $150k Console releases: If the necessary goal is met the game will be released on current gen and next gen consoles.
Thank you all for your time and support!
Summary
Itaú Unibanco becomes the first Latin American member of R3 as it has signed a partnership with the consortium to develop banking solutions based on the distributed ledger technology.
Blockchain makes new business models possible and allows for more agility, efficiency and traceability of transactions, says Itaú's press release published by Finextra. According to Márcio Schettini, Itaú's Director-General for Technology and Operations, adopting blockchain means being on the cutting edge of progress and can be useful not just for the banking system but for its customers as well:
“We have joined the R3 consortium in order to contribute to the international drive for development and implementation of innovative solutions based on distributed ledger technology. We are convinced that these innovations will bring benefits to our customers and real gains in efficiency for the sector as a whole.”
The R3 consortium was created in September 2015 when Barclays, Credit Suisse, J.P. Morgan, Commonwealth Bank of Australia and others – total nine of the world's largest banks – formed a partnership to investigate blockchain, apply the technology to interbank communications and trading process and develop blockchain-based solutions for the global financial industry.
In March 2016, R3 announced the completion of the trial of five cloud-based blockchain solutions. They were successfully tested by all the banks participating in the consortium. In April, the consortium presented Corda, a new technology for financial institutions different from blockchain, which it has been working on for the last 6 months.
New banks have been joining the consortium including such giants as HSBC, Deutsche Bank, Société Générale and Mitsubishi UFJ. The accession of Itaú Unibanco brings the total number of R3 members to 45.
The São Paolo-based company, being the largest private sector bank in Latin America, is a valuable asset for R3. To put it in the words of David Rutter, CEO of the consortium:
“It is a pleasure to welcome Itaú Unibanco to expand our global network of partners in Latin America. Distributed ledger technology has the potential to break down geographic barriers and to unite these counterparties worldwide in a more efficient, secure and transparent financial structure. Itaú will be an important partner for R3 as representative for the region.”
Alexey Tereshchenko
Baylor pulled off the relatively rare (because of scheduling) sweep of TCU in basketball yesterday, beating the Frogs senseless in both games in the Ferrell Center. The men moved to 13-2 (1-1) on the season while the women improved to 14-1 (4-0) heading into their Big Monday showdown with UConn.
No. 7 MBB Routs TCU, 88-62 - Baylor Bears Official Athletic Site - BaylorBears.com
Taurean Prince scored 15 of his career-high 23 points off the bench when No. 7 Baylor took control before halftime and went on an 88-62 victory over instate rival TCU on Saturday.
No. 7 WBB Rolls to 80-46 Win Over TCU - Baylor Bears Official Athletic Site - BaylorBears.com
Odyssey Sims scored 28 points and No. 7 Baylor led throughout its 80-46 victory over TCU on Saturday night that extended the Lady Bears' national-best home-court winning streak to 69 games. After being recognized during pregame for breaking the school's career record for 3-pointers in the previous game, national scoring leader Sims made six more shots from long-range. She had two from beyond the arc when the Lady Bears (14-1, 4-0 Big 12) scored the game's first 14 points in just over 3 minutes.
*****
Since I've now buried the lede just a bit, this news came across twitter just a few minutes ago:
In case you don't know who he is and can't read the article, Cordell Broadus is the son to one Calvin Broadus, otherwise known as Snoop Dogg, Snoop Doggy, and, more recently, Snoop Lion. Broadus is a 4* WR from California (obviously) that likes two things about Baylor, according to the article: 1) We throw the ball a lot, and 2) We win.
Bet he ends up at USC, but can you imagine Snoop roaming the sidelines decked out in green and gold? Reactions on Twitter to the idea have been pretty awesome so far. I especially like this appeal:
Baylor's colors ARE green and gold. Snoop is already quite familiar with both. — The 15th Letter (@Omagus) January 12, 2014
*****
In other news...
TCU's role model should be Baylor | Dallas-Fort Worth Sports News - Sports News on the...
TCU just needs to catch Baylor to be at the top of its new league.
Six FBS teams had A+ seasons
Handing out a grade for each FBS team after the end of the 2013 season.
Baylor fans quickly snagged vintage 1950 football uniforms - WacoTrib.com: Baylor Bears Football
The vintage football uniforms the Baylor Bears debuted for the final game of the season proved to be a popular look both on and off the field.
Texas has supposedly hired Joe Wickline, the OL coach from Oklahoma State, as their new OL coach under Charlie Strong. That comes on the heels of hiring Chris Rumph (DL coach) away from Alabama. Since we knew Strong was going to put together a solid defense/defensive staff, Rumph doesn't really "scare" me all that much. Wickline does. He's a quality coach and strong recruiter who has managed to build continually good OL units for Mike Gundy at Oklahoma State. It's not difficult to imagine him doing even better at Texas.
The National: History Achieved - Bring On The Cats
For forty years, college football has been fractured into multiple levels of competition. Something happened this year that's never happened before.
WR/PR Ryan Newsome needs to charge his phone. Oh, and Baylor made his top 10:
Also, ODB's own Nick Pants took the internet by storm yesterday, although most of the internet didn't know it once Clay Travis cropped out his watermark. Here is the original.
An image from a trailer for the Benghazi film '13 Hours' (Screenshot)
A Washington woman was critically injured after being shot in the chest when a man fumbled with his gun during a showing of the Benghazi movie “13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi,” according to local news outlet KOMO News.
According to authorities, the 29-year-old man who dropped the gun appeared to be intoxicated as he entered The Landing theater in Renton, but bolted after the gun went off.
“It got about 15-20 minutes into the film and I believe the lady in front of us that got shot was actually talking to her husband or significant other and that's when we heard the loud pop,” explained one witness, who asked not to be identified, adding that he was sitting 3-4 rows behind the man when the gun went off.
Another witness, who also asked to not be identified, stated, “There was a gunshot and we thought it was a light bulb exploding in the theater, so no one really reacted.”
Following the shooting, multiple witnesses saw a man get up quickly and leave through an exit.
The unidentified woman was taken to a nearby hospital where she is listed in critical condition.
According to police, “Preliminary accounts indicate that an intoxicated suspect entered one of the theaters and was fumbling with a handgun he had in his possession when it went off, striking another patron seated in front of him.”
Police state that they received a 911 call from the shooter's father Thursday evening telling them his 29-year-old son was distraught and that he admitted he had dropped the gun.
“According to him, he said he dropped the gun and it went off. We have witnesses that say he came into the theater and appeared intoxicated. He went in and took a seat in theater number nine and was fumbling with a pistol when it went off and struck someone sitting in front of him,” said David Leibman of the Renton Police Department, adding that the man is currently in custody.
Watch video, via KOMO News, below:
Hitman Absolution's Attack Of The Saints trailer aimed to provoke, but the unexpectedly outraged response was enough to first force game director Tore Blystad to apologise and now cause the game to be tweaked.
Speaking to Eurogamer , Blystad said: "The Saints trailer is based on a level within the game. One way to go about that level is to go in all guns blazing, but of course it's not the smartest way.
"We learned from the trailer that we really needed to give these characters some context and some backstory. We're working within the game - within that level - to build these characters up before you meet them. That way you know what you're getting and you aren't put off by them."
Blystad said that the response to Attack Of The Saints had come as a shock, as the trailer had been viewed by hundreds of people internally and no concern was raised.
"We were surprised by the reaction to it. We've been trying to find out, y'know, how could we not see this happening? If we knew it would get such a negative reaction we would have done it in a different way."
The in-game footage that IO Interactive have released since that nun trailer have looked much more promising, largely because they demonstrate how Hitman: Absolution will play. I'm struggling to imagine how the nun trailer would map onto a level, though. Can there ever exist a context in which those rubber habits make sense?
When the Atlanta Braves signed B.J. Upton last month it signaled a clear direction towards more power in the lineup and away from departing free agent Michael Bourn. Upton's contract, while at the time looked overly generous, is looking pretty good compared to what other free agents are receiving this off-season. It once again seems like the Braves read the market right, struck quickly, and made a good choice.
The only off-season item they have left is to find a left-fielder who could also lead off, and even that is not as much as a priority as it once was thanks to the emergence of Evan Gattis and Juan Francisco. There's a lot of buzz about the Braves using them in a platoon between left field and third base, with Martin Prado shuttling between those two positions. You can read about that scenario here.
But ideally the Braves would probably like a speedy left fielder, though they're not going to overpay for one.
And Michael Bourn is still on the free agent market, and really hasn't had much reported interest from many teams. Buster Olney (via MLBTR) notes that General Managers are hesitant to give up draft picks for players who received qualifying offers like Bourn did. If another team signed Bourn, the Braves would get a pick in the compensation round, the that signing team would lose their first round pick.
Of course, the Braves have already lost their first round pick by signing Upton. They moved from their first pick being around number-25 to their first pick being around number-35. Would they be willing to forgo any type of first round pick and make their first pick in the second round at around number-75?
If there really is no market for Bourn, in large part because signing him is tied to draft pick compensation (and LOTS of money), then would the Braves be willing to give up their compensation pick and sign Bourn? I know, I know, you're yelling at me and telling me that the Braves can't afford him. And you're right, normally they would be tapped out on cash. But they reportedly have around $10 million left that they could spend. Bourn made almost $7 million last year, so somewhere between $7 and $10 million would be reasonable for the team. But would it be reasonable for Bourn (and his agent Scott Boras)?
Boras ran into this problem the last time the Braves had a big-time free agent center fielder hit the market. After the 2007 season Andruw Jones, who would be 31 the next year, couldn't find any team to give him a long-term contract, so he settled for a two-year deal worth a lot of money from the Dodgers. (Ironically, the Dodgers might be best fit for Bourn this off-season if they can trade Andre Ethier.) Andruw had an advantage though, as signing him wasn't tied to draft pick compensation like it is for Bourn.
Here's where the scenario of Bourn returning to the Braves starts to make sense (seriously, stay with me on this). If the Braves are willing to lose that draft pick in the compensation round and Bourn is willing to agree to a one-year deal between $7 and $10 million, then they could write into the contract that the Braves wouldn't offer Bourn arbitration next year -- making him a free agent at age 31 -- and any team could sign him without losing a draft pick. Carlos Beltran had this written into his contract, and the Giants could not offer him arbitration after the 2011 season.
In this scenario each side loses something, but each side also gains something. The Braves lose a draft pick, but get their speedy left field leadoff man (and one they're very familiar with). Bourn loses out on a big payday, but gets the ability to return to the free agent market in one year without any team facing a penalty for signing him.
This scenario is a long-shot, as Boras will probably sucker some team into giving Bourn big bucks and giving up a draft pick. But this scenario is still a possibility, and, as I said, one that could fit both sides reasonably well.
The idea of eating bugs has created a buzz lately in both foodie and international development circles as a more sustainable alternative to consuming meat and fish. Now a report appearing in ACS' Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry examines how the nutrients -- particularly iron -- provided by grasshoppers, crickets and other insects really measures up to beef. It finds that insects could indeed fill that dietary need.
Edible bugs might sound unappetizing to many Westerners, but they've long been included in traditional diets in other regions of the world, which are now home to more than 2 billion people, according a report by the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization. The report also notes that about 1,900 insect species have been documented as a food source globally. That they're a source of protein is well established, but if the world is to turn to bugs to replace meat, the critters will need to offer more than protein. Iron is a particularly important nutrient that is often missing in non-meat diets, causing iron-deficiency anemia, which can lead to lower cognition, immunity, poor pregnancy outcomes and other problems. In light of these concerns, Yemisi Latunde-Dada and colleagues wanted to find out whether commonly eaten insects could contribute to a well-rounded meal.
The researchers analyzed grasshoppers, crickets, mealworms and buffalo worms for their mineral contents and estimated how much of each nutrient would likely get absorbed if eaten, using a lab model of human digestion. The insects had varying levels of iron, calcium, copper, magnesium, manganese and zinc. Crickets, for example, had higher levels of iron than the other insects did. And minerals including calcium, copper and zinc from grasshoppers, crickets and mealworms are more readily available for absorption than the same minerals from beef. The results therefore support the idea that eating bugs could potentially help meet the nutritional needs of the world's growing population, the researchers say.
PESHAWAR: A seven-year-old girl from Nowshera District's Akora Khattak tehsil was allegedly raped by a 65-year-old man, it emerged on Friday.
According to the child's father, the incident occurred a few days ago when the victim was playing outside her house one evening.
She was kidnapped and allegedly raped before being set free by one Shah Nawabzada, a 65-year-old resident of Akora Khatak,
The victim's father also said that the police have arrested the main accused but a trial is yet to begin.
He added that because the alleged perpetrator wields influence, the police is being forced to reach a 'compromise' or outside court settlement through back-channel negotiations.
This incident comes a day after BBC reported the horrifying story of a gang-rape victim who was filmed during the crime. The film was later distributed widely on social media sites, with little to no repercussions for the alleged perpetrators.
Look at: Gang-rape victim lives life of isolation after viral video
This case adds to the plethora of paedophilia cases reported across Pakistan each year, with the state machinery proving incapable of curbing this in the near future. A similar story was released in a documentary titled 'Pakistan's Hidden Shame' that premiered in Britain's Channel 4 last September.
The documentary alleges that 9 out of 10 children in Peshawar have been victims of pedophilia. It also contains interviews with truck drivers who have committed such crimes.
To find out more: Pakistan's Hidden Shame: Documentary reveals horrors of pedophilia in K-P
According to recent figures released by Punjab Police, about 1, 651 rape cases were registered in Punjab alone in the first half of 2014, with challans issued for 990 of these which led to zero convictions.
For more: State of neglect
FEW would argue that Pakistan's societal realities are such that render it a deeply hostile place for women and children in particular.
Nevertheless, slow though it may be, in terms of legislation some progress is being made to address this concern. Forward-looking legislation is, in fact, a first step towards changing norms and reducing rights violations.
In recent years, several laws have been passed and procedures laid down that offer extra and targeted protections, such as those against honour killings and underage marriage.
Know more: Gang-rape victim lives life of isolation after viral video
Others bring into the ambit of the law those transgressions that otherwise tend to remain in the shadows, such as sexual harassment at the workplace. And last week, the Senate's Standing Committee on Law and Justice approved the Anti-Rape Laws (Criminal Laws Amendment) Bill of 2014.
This is meant to amend sections of the Pakistan Penal Code, 1860, the Code of Criminal Procedures, 1898, and the Qanoon-i-Shahadat Order, 1984 in order to improve the chances of rape victims getting justice.
The bill may be a slim document, but the changes it envisages are significant. A clause is inserted, for example, in Section 218 of the PPC making defective investigations worthy of punishment, and in Section 344 of the CrPc requiring that once a rape case has been taken cognisance of by a court, it shall be decided upon within six months.
The new bill gives added protections to victims. For instance, disclosing through the media or via some other route the identity of a victim without the latter's consent would be deemed an offence. It also provides for in-camera trials.
An insertion in the Qanoon-i-Shahadat law says that if the question of consent comes up and the victim claims that she did not, “the court shall presume that she did not consent”.
Article 151, clause 4 of the same legislation currently reads: “When a man is prosecuted for rape or an attempt to ravish, it may be shown that the prosecutrix was of generally immoral character.” The new bill requires that this clause be omitted.
These are all welcome changes, and the bill deserves smooth passage through the Senate and the National Assembly.
Past this will come the real challenge: that of ensuring implementation. Too often, notwithstanding the laws on the books, victims of various crimes, and in particular of rape, find the path to justice impeded by entrenched prejudice and a lack of sympathy at even the level of the police station.
In addition to the laws, the whole culture surrounding rape needs to change.
Several key cases are dismissed for technical or legal reasons, and liberals breathe a sigh of relief. Even the upcoming test over presidential "recess appointments" has lost some steam.
The Supreme Court has barred the door to some major cases. (Photo11: Alex Brandon, AP) Story Highlights Several major cases dismissed or watered down
Abortion, housing, labor cases had liberals worried
Battle over presidential appointments loses some steam
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court's docket is shrinking, and with it an opportunity for conservatives to make gains in several policy arenas, from abortion and age discrimination to low-income housing and labor relations.
All four of those issues have disappeared from the justices' schedule in recent weeks before they could be decided on their merits. Each time, given the court's conservative tilt, liberals heaved a sigh of relief.
The next time the justices take their seats in court, they will confront what was to be the marquee case of the term: a battle between the White House and Congress over the power to make appointments. But even that case has lost some of its steam.
The dispute between two branches of the government, to be decided by the third, involves a president's ability to fill vacancies without Senate confirmation by making appointments during congressional recesses. Presidents of both parties have used that power to avoid filibusters, when just 41 of 100 senators can block action on any nominee.
Democrats who control the Senate — as well as the White House — changed the rules last month to defang what had been the most important power of the minority party. Now judicial and executive branch nominees can be confirmed with a simple 51-vote majority. So although the high court's ruling could be critical in years when the White House and Senate are divided, the standoff that led to the lawsuit no longer exists.
"Because the immediate crisis is over, a lot of the concerns over the case have died down, but what the Supreme Court does in this case is going to matter a great deal the next time we have a divided government," says Ian Millhiser, senior constitutional policy analyst at the liberal Center for American Progress.
Going into October, the Supreme Court's docket already lacked blockbusters such as last year's three-day extravaganza on President Obama's health care law or this year's hat trick on same-sex marriage, affirmative action and voting rights. Still, the list included plenty of important cases.
Several of those remain. Decisions are pending in cases involving the financing of federal elections, state bans on racial preferences, prayer at government meetings and federal treaty-making powers. Cases still to be heard will focus on federal greenhouse gas regulations, gun purchases, buffer zones at abortion clinics, child pornography and capital punishment for people with intellectual disabilities.
A series of developments did away with several other noteworthy cases that offered the court's 5-4 conservative majority opportunities to steer the law their way:
"Given the court's makeup ... you figure it's going to go in a conservative or libertarian direction," says Ilya Shapiro, senior fellow in constitutional studies at the libertarian Cato Institute. For that reason, he says, "these are all developments that have some people breathing a sigh of relief."
First to go in October was an age discrimination lawsuit won in lower courts by a 55-year-old Illinois state employee who was replaced by a younger person. Since the justices usually accept cases with an eye toward reversing the prior ruling, they might have denied the man's claim. Instead, they dismissed the case as "improvidently granted" because of technical flaws.
In November, the court dismissed what could have been a major abortion rights case after the Oklahoma Supreme Court clarified the facts — namely, that the state's law creating a strict protocol for medication abortions would all but eliminate them. The justices decided to leave alone the state court's decision striking down the law, rather than reconsidering the restriction.
Less than two weeks later, the justices were forced to dismiss a housing discrimination case from Mount Holly, N.J., after the town settled with low-income residents threatened by redevelopment. Civil rights groups had feared that the high court would jettison the "disparate impact" standard that lets minorities avoid having to prove intentional discrimination.
And last week, the court ditched a case from Florida that tested the legality of labor-management "neutrality agreements." The deals are used frequently by unions to organize workers in exchange for promises not to strike. Although the union had lost at the appeals court level, labor officials doubted their chances at the Supreme Court.
It's not clear how much influence liberals on the court or off had in getting the various cases dismissed. Michael McConnell, a conservative and former federal appeals court judge heading the Constitutional Law Center at Stanford Law School, says it would come as no surprise.
"There's not much mystery that there are parties who are trying to avoid having significant cases with a long-term impact decided by the current composition of the court," McConnell says.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/JAuANb
Sarah Tew/CNET
Amazon said Thursday that it will again be selling Apple TV and Google Chromecast devices, two video-streaming gadgets the e-commerce giant removed from its site two years ago and that compete with its own Fire TV products.
"I can confirm that we are assorting Apple TV and Chromecast," an Amazon spokeswoman told CNET on Thursday, referring to the company's plans to stock up on the devices. She offered no further statements.
Now playing: Watch this: Amazon to sell Apple TV, Google Chromecast after two-year...
Amazon added product listing pages for the Apple TV and two versions of the Apple TV 4K, as well as the Google Chromecast and Chromecast Ultra. The gadgets aren't available for sale yet, but customers should expect they will be shortly.
Screenshot by CNET
Amazon's move should be a relief for customers of all three tech titans, who may have felt caught in the middle of public disputes between the companies.
The change may de-escalate mounting fights between Amazon and Google in particular, whose disagreements resulted in Google pulling YouTube from Amazon devices just last week. Amazon is pushing deeper into Google's turf of online advertising and Google is moving into Amazon's territory of e-commerce and smart speakers, which seems to be causing tensions between the two companies.
"We are in productive discussions with Amazon to reach an agreement for the benefit of our mutual customers," a Google spokesperson said Thursday. "We hope we can reach an agreement to resolve these issues soon."
Apple representatives didn't respond to a request for comment.
Amazon removed both competing streaming devices from its online store in late 2015. At the time, the company claimed it wanted to "avoid customer confusion" that might be caused by selling streamers that didn't work well with its own Prime Video service, which offers Amazon original shows including "The Man in the High Castle" and "Transparent." But last week Apple TV finally added Prime Video, laying the groundwork for an anticipated return of the device to Amazon.com.
Separately, Google said last week that it was removing YouTube from the Amazon Echo Show and Fire TV devices. Google claimed a "lack of reciprocity" from Amazon, which stopped selling Chromecast and some Google-owned Nest products on its site. Amazon's move to start selling Chromecast again can be seen as an olive branch offered to Google in the hope of bringing YouTube back to Amazon's devices.
Richard Nieva contributed to this story. First published Dec. 14, 10:33 a.m. PT.
Updated, 2:02 p.m. PT: Adds Google's statement.
'Alexa, be more human': Inside Amazon's effort to make its voice assistant smarter, chattier and more like you.
Does the Mac still matter? Apple execs explain why the MacBook Pro was over four years in the making, and why we should care.
Daiichi accident caused by tsunami not earthquake, Japanese regulator concludes 21 July 2014 21 July 2014
An interim report by the Japanese regulator about the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant disaster concludes that plant safety systems were damaged by the tsunami, not the earthquake.
The distinction is important because critics have argued that the plant was damaged because it was unable to withstand a strong earthquake, which is relatively common on the volcanic islands.
Kyodo News said that separate investigations by TEPCO, the government, the legislature (Diet) and the private sector differ in some parts.
The NRA investigated seven points in particular that were also investigated by the Diet, according to a translated version of slides from a presentation based on the NRA report:
Minor water leaks at unit 1 Loss of function in emergency power supply at unit 1 Fourth-floor flood at unit 1 Breaking of safety valve and minor water leaks at unit 1 Operability of Unit 1's isolation condenser Generation of white smoke and the possibility of criticality at unit 3 spent fuel pool Hydrogen explosion at unit 4
A report in the Ashai Shimbun newspaper said that for example with regard to unit 1, which was perhaps most damaged in the accident, of key importance was the lack of successful operation of the isolation condensers, which should have cooled its containment in an emergency.
It said that workers reported water leaks on the unit 1 fourth floor before the tsunami hit, suggesting that the ICs might have been damaged by the earthquake. However, the NRA argued that this water had sloshed out of the spent fuel pool.
As regards offsite emergency power sources, data from TEPCO suggested that they were also lost because of the tsunami.
The white smoke came from the unit 3 reactor, not the spent fuel pool, and that there was no possibility of spent fuel pool criticality, according to the translated NRA slides.
The explosion at unit 4 was probably caused by hydrogen gas generated by unit 3 containment venting and inadvertently sucked into the unit 4 ventilation system. First, it said that TEPCO's hypothesis that gas from unit 3 flowed to unit 4 was 'reasonable', second said that the unit 4 explosions would have required at least 400kg of hydrogen, and third that the amount of hydrogen generated by the spent fuel pool could not have been the main source of hydrogen for the explosion.
According to the Asahi Shimbun the NRA will interview members of the Diet's Fukushima Nuclear Accident Independent Investigation Commission, and then release a final report. It did a site investigation in March 2013.
It also said that the IAEA is due to release a report on the accident at the end of the year.
Independent of these two reports, in November European publisher Springer is releasng the final report of the Atomic Energy Society of Japan on the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear accident.
Picture: A view of the unit 1 isolation condensers from A TEPCO Fukushima Daiichi investigation video
With so much talk about some talented Marlies working their way to the Air Canada Centre in the next couple of years, the whole farm club is about to try out the Leafs' home for size.
This weekend, the Marlies play the first of four Saturday games at the ACC, against the Montreal Canadiens' affiliate, the St. John's IceCaps, The game starts at 2 p.m., hours before the Leafs and Capitals meet.
"Based on our success there in previous Boxing Days, we thought we'd expand the matinee idea," a club spokesman said. "The renovations at the ACC for the world junior tournament gave us the extra dressing room area so our game doesn't conflict with the Leafs.
"We want to make it a bit like the old days in Toronto (when the junior Marlboros would play ahead of the Leafs at the Gardens)."
Other Marlies ACC dates are Dec. 26, Feb. 20 and March 26. Only the ACC's lower bowl will be open this Saturday, capped at around 10,000 seats, of which about 1,500 remained on Thursday afternoon. Prices start at $10 with further discounts for Leaf subscribers, including reduced admission for the Hockey Hall Of Fame between the AHL and NHL games.
The Marlies (14-3-1) play in Syracuse on Friday. After the Saturday matinee game, they also will be in a 1 p.m. match against the IceCaps back at Ricoh Coliseum on Sunday. It's an earlier start time to avoid conflicting with the Grey Cup.
GRAB BAG UPDATE
During training camp, the Leafs made a 5-for-1 deal with the New York Islanders to acquire winger Michael Grabner. While Grabner has yet to score, Maple Leafs head coach Mike Babcock has relied on him in penalty killing situations and has played him in all but two games.
As for the players the Leafs lost — the main idea being to shed some contract space in the AHL — they have met with mixed success with the Isles. Only forward Taylor Beck has been called to the big team from the farm so far, for two games.
Goalie Chris Gibson, No. 1 with the Marlies last season, has a record of 7-3-0-2 with the Bridgeport Sound Tigers. Defenceman Matt Finn, the highest-drafted player of the five (second round 2012) has played 10 games, forward Carter Verhaeghe five, with both spending time down in the ECHL. After 44 games with the Marlies last year, defenceman Tom Nilsson is back in Sweden with Frolunda after the Isles put him on unconditional waivers.
LOOSE LEAFS
A day off Thursday provided the Leafs with a break in practice and free time, as Babcock did not want to work them four straight days in a light week on the schedule. Toronto begins five games in eight nights Saturday … Part of Babcock's plan to ease the load on captain Dion Phaneuf was having more Leafs be accountable to the media and excusing Phaneuf now and then from talking after practice days. Wednesday was the first time Phaneuf took the new coach up on his offer after he was requested for an interview.
Mel Gibson and Bruce Davey's Icon Productions has acquired the movie rights to Mark Donaldson's bestselling autobiography “The Crossroad.”
Donaldson was a rebellious teenager who had already lost his father, a Vietnam War veteran, when his mother disappeared, presumed murdered. A life of anger and self-sabotage beckoned, but he enlisted in the Australian Army and worked to achieve his goal of joining Australia's elite Special Air Service.
In 2008 while serving in Afghanistan, he saved the life of a wounded Afghan interpreter while under Taliban fire, sprinting 80 meters to haul the injured man back to the safety of a slow-moving U.S. Humvee that was also being hit by enemy fire from all angles. In 2009, he became the first Australian since 1969 to receive the Victoria Cross and was named Young Australian of the Year by the National Australia Day Council in 2010.
In the book, Donaldson shares the journey of a flawed man who turned away from self-destruction to fight his own war and save the life of a man he barely knew.
Icon was a producer on Gibson's “Braveheart,” in which he portrayed Scottish hero William Wallace and won Academy Awards for best picture and best director, as well as the upcoming “Hacksaw Ridge” with Andrew Garfield starring as World War II hero Desmond T. Doss. Gibson directed “Hacksaw Ridge,” which premieres Sunday at the Venice Film Festival and hits theaters on Nov .4.
The company's producing credits include “The Passion of the Christ,” “We Were Soldiers,” and “Apocalypto.”
US withdrawal from INF Treaty to threaten whole world and to cause new arms race Analytic
6 July 2017. PenzaNews. A group of US congressmen led by House Armed Services Strategic Forces Chairman Mike Rogers, whose committee oversees nuclear weapons, sent a proposal to Donald Trump Administration to unilaterally withdraw from the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, referring to the alleged failure of Russia to comply with the terms of the agreement.
Photo: Wikipedia.org
“It would be irresponsible for us to continue to adhere to a treaty when the only other participant has long moved on from it,” Mike Rogers told Politico.
At the same time, many American politicians strongly oppose such steps, pointing out possible negative consequences, in particular, a new round of arms race, which can seriously damage socio-economic situation of the country.
“We are at an inflection point. The whole structure of the arms control regime is in danger of falling apart, and we are going to find ourselves in a nuclear arms race. Before pulling out of the INF Treaty, we need to take a deep breath,” said Ambassador Richard Burt.
Commenting on the situation, the Bundestag member and representative of the Left Party of Germany Stefan Liebich stressed that the future of the INF treaty is now in danger.
“The so far unproven claims of the US-Administration that Russia is apparently violating the treaty and the Russian claims, that the NATO-anti-missile-system that was installed in Europe, could not only be used as a defense mechanism but also for active military actions could lead to the failure of the treaty,” the politician told PenzaNews.
In his opinion, such a development will have a negative impact on the security situation in Europe and worldwide.
“The INF treaty slowed down the arms race and it wanted to stop a very dangerous and expensive arms branch altogether. It would be very sad if this was backed away from now,” Stefan Liebich said.
According to him, a new arms race would endanger peace and security in the entire world.
“It would waste financial resources that are desperately needed for other things and the system of trusting and controlling each other would have failed. Going back into the times of the cold war are makes absolutely no sense since the main actors – socialism and capitalism – do not exist as any longer,” he stressed.
In his opinion, the situation around the INF Treaty requires detailed consideration.
“The German government should ask the USA to present the evidences to their claims [about Russia's alleged non-compliance with the INF Treaty]. If they are actually true then Russia must be asked to act as it is implemented within the treaty. However, Europe should not stick to its NATO-anti-missile-system any longer,” the Bundestag member explained.
In turn, Greg Thielmann, Board Member of the Arms Control Association and former office director in the State Department's intelligence bureau, INR, drew attention to the change in the political course of the new US leadership.
“The Obama administration had already taken Russia's violation of the INF Treaty into consideration in adjusting its security policies, but it had decided against committing a reciprocal violation such as developing and deploying US ground-launched cruise missiles. It also refrained from threatening to withdraw from the treaty. Both of these options now appear to be under more active consideration in the Trump administration and among members of congress,” the analyst explained.
However, from his point of view, abandonment of the INF Treaty by either side would, at a minimum, be a significant impediment to further progress on nuclear arms control between the US and Russia.
“It would also increase the impatience of many other governments with inadequate US and Russian progress toward their disarmament obligations under Article 6 of the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) and strengthen the determination of the majority of countries to pursue a nuclear ban treaty. Unless INF Treaty compliance issues can be resolved, it is unlikely the US Congress would ratify any future strategic arms reduction treaty. An accelerated arms race would be the likely consequence,” Greg Thielmann said.
He reminded that the INF Treaty was extremely important in removing Cold War tensions when it was concluded.
“It established precedents in verification measures, which laid the foundations for the first Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (START I). It could be similarly important today in relieving current tensions over the conflict in eastern Ukraine and the buildup of NATO forces. Renewing bilateral treaty discussions could lead to agreeing on new precedents for the next round of nuclear reductions,” former office director in the State Department's intelligence bureau said.
Meanwhile, Georgios Epitideios, Member of the European Parliament from Greece, expressed that view that today the Russia-Us INF Treaty is no more in effect.
“There is a lack of trust between both sides which is leading to a misunderstanding and a conflict of interest. This situation becomes more and more worsening, precluding any possibility to come to a solution,” the politician said.
According to him, today there is a change in the balance of strategic forces in the world.
“The fact that third countries namely China, North Korea, India, Iran, Pakistan, Israel have acquired intermediate-range missiles, has changed the balance of strategic forces. As far as all the aforementioned countries are closer to Russia, the Russian security concerns have increased. Russia is now forced to increase her intermediate-range missiles capability in order to counter third countries forces,” the MEP said.
Meanwhile, in his opinion, the development of the situation around the INF Treaty is important for the whole world.
“Nowadays the play became free and the stronger wins with all the resulting consequences open. Definitely this could lead to a great arms race,” Georgios Epitideios said.
Assessing the possible consequences of the US withdrawal from the INF Treaty, Pal Steigan, Norwegian politician, publisher, writer, independent entrepreneur in the field of culture and information technology, also pointed to the threat of destabilization of the world security situation.
“By raising the issue of a unilateral US break with this accord US politicians are stepping up the war preparations and threaten to destabilize the military situation in Europe even more. These weapons are weapons particularly adapted to a European war theatre and would add significantly to the danger of war. With US bases and weapons systems readied for nuclear weapons brought up to the Russian border the danger even of a war by mistake would be increased further,” the expert said.
He stressed that the INF Treaty was an important step to reduce the nuclear arms race.
“If the US withdraws from the treaty Russia would have no other option but to start developing these weapons herself. This will greatly further the nuclear arms race,” the Norwegian politician said.
In his opinion, compliance with the INF Treaty makes the security situation more calm.
“As long as there are binding treaties and detente between the nuclear powers the situation is less dangerous. But with unilateral withdrawal the rules of the game are changed in dangerous ways,” Pal Steigan said.
A specific problem is that in some circles in the US politicians believe that a nuclear war can be won, and they have started to talk about coming wars with Russia and China, he added.
“The nuclear scientists have set the Doomsday Clock to two and a half minutes before midnight. With a US withdrawal from INF I am afraid they'll have to put it another minute closer,” the analyst concluded.
While intelligence is most known for its classified nature, a good portion of intelligence work is conducted using open source methods. OSINT, or open source intelligence as it's referred to, is a valuable tool critical to any bit of analysis. A responsible intelligence analyst always takes into consideration the OSINT available; while it cannot (or should not) be used to reveal the sources and methods behind sensitive intelligence collection techniques, OSINT often provides the context, perspective, and background information the analyst needs to make an accurate intelligence assessment.
On that note, the Central Intelligence Agency maintains a website available to the public that provides a myriad of great info for any readers interested in learning more about intelligence, becoming an intelligence officer, or learning how intelligence has played a role in determining our foreign policy since the time of George Washington. Consider it your open source gateway to all the context, perspective, and background information you need to build an accurate picture of the craft of intelligence.
As with anything else in life, there is often far too much to do and not enough time to do it. The same applies to the amount of reading material in this list. Regardless, the CIA's Suggested Reading List under Intelligence Literature is a valuable resource not to be overlooked. It contains an extensive bibliographic list of intelligence literature that provides “a wide spectrum of views on intelligence and the Central Intelligence Agency…[covering] history, technology, opinion, and…key personalities associated with intelligence.”
A few topics of interest the list covers include:
World War II and before
the CIA and the days of the OSS
Biographies and memoirs of CIA officers
Espionage
Counterintelligence operations
Covert action operations
Analysis
the War on Terror
Suggested Reading List
From this list, I've only read about nine of the selections (after ingesting countless reports for a living you can only take so much more reading), in addition to a few others not on the list. A few good titles I've enjoyed are below, with links to Amazon that provide more info on the books themselves. I also provided some commentary for the works I felt were the most fundamental to understanding intelligence.
The Craft of Intelligence, by Allen Dulles
Probably the most fundamental work on intelligence as a craft or trade. The book is very well structured and provides a great foundation of understanding of intelligence. Parts are a bit dry, but finishing it gives readers all the info they need to press into more complex intelligence operations, disciplines, and analysis. Definitely an intel “classic”.
For the President's Eyes Only: Secret Intelligence and the American Presidency from Washington to Bush, by Christopher Andrews
I haven't started this one yet, but have heard great things. It's often said that intelligence is the world's second oldest profession, and this book supposedly does a great job of demonstrating its utility going back to the days of Washington during the Revolution.
First In: An Insider's Account of How the CIA Spearheaded the War on Terror In Afghanistan, by Gary Schroen
First In describes the covert efforts by the CIA to unite the Afghan Northern Alliance in the fight against the Taliban immediately following 9/11. It reads like a thriller yet is an actual firsthand account of the work completed by CIA officers to set the stage for follow-on military operations. These guys were in-country prior to any military forces, and did tremendous work setting a solid foundation from which effective US military operations could be waged.
The Book of Honor: The Secret Lives and Deaths of CIA Operatives, by Ted Gup
This is probably my favorite read on Agency operations, because it highlights the human elements of intelligence, to include the trials and tribulations our nation's unknown heroes have gone through on our behalf. It was originally recommended to me by a CIA case officer as the go-to book to have your family read before you pursued a career with the Agency. Well worth the read; I'll let the book speak for itself.
Additional Works
Jawbreaker: The Attack on Bin Laden and Al-Qaeda: A Personal Account by the CIA's Key Field Commander, by Gary Bernsten
See No Evil: The True Story of a Ground Soldier in the CIA's War on Terrorism, by Robert Baer
The Puzzle Palace: Inside the National Security Agency, America's Most Secret Intelligence Organization, by James Bamford
Class 11: My Story Inside the CIA's First Post-9/11 Spy Class, by TJ Waters
Psychology of Intelligence Analysis, by Richard Heuer
Intelligence: From Secrets to Policy, by Mark Lowenthal
Disclaimer: SOFREP is in no way suggesting you go out and buy these books, not unless you genuinely want to read them in an effort to learn more! I am also not affiliated with the CIA in any way, or its reading list, past that of an intelligence professional seeking to learn more about my craft. Happy reading and thanks for listening.
Feature image courtesy of the ABC News Radio Online.
New York City FC today announced world football's first signing of 2018.
At 5:00 a.m. ET, as the clock simultaneously struck midnight for January 1, 2018 for the first time on the planet in Samoa and Christmas Island/Kiribati (UTC+14), New York City FC announced that Paraguayan international Jesus Medina has joined the Club.
Subject to receipt of his P1 Visa and ITC, the 20-year old becomes City's third Designated Player and NYCFC's first-ever “Young Designated Player”. Jesus, an attacking midfielder who can play wide or as a no.10, has signed a four-year contract with NYCFC, following his transfer from Club Libertad in his native Paraguay.
WATCH: Jesus Medina's Goals and Assists
Medina told NYCFC.com: “It's a unique feeling, I've always wanted to play at a grand club like New York City FC who are doing great things and it's a privilege to be here.
“My first thought when I heard of the interest was that it was a great club, an important club in the United States - it's a great feeling. Claudio Reyna talked to me and said wonderful things about the club and the league. I then made the decision to go over there to keep growing as a player and as a person.
“It's also such a special feeling to have a World Cup winner with France as a Head Coach. I think training with such an experienced professional, at my young age, will help me as a player and will hopefully be a great experience for me. He will teach me a lot.”
Jesus joins NYCFC from Club Libertad, the Asuncion-based team he debuted for at the age of 15. He's since gone on to make 74 senior appearances, scoring 17 goals and playing 14 times in South American continental competition, helping Libertad to the semifinals of the Copa Sudamericana in 2017.
A five-time Paraguayan champion, Jesus brings a winning mentality to New York City where he'll link up with fellow 2018 newcomers Saad Abdul-Salaam, Brad Stuver and Anton Tinnerholm.
NYCFC Head Coach Patrick Vieira describes Medina as a “special talent” who can weigh in with goals and assists for his new team, despite his youth.
Vieira stated: “We are really delighted that we have managed to bring Jesus to the football club because we believe that he's a special talent. We don't look at the age when we identify the players we want to bring to this football club, we just look at talent.
“Obviously any young player will need time to adapt and there will be some parts of his game that he will need to develop but I believe that we have the structure in place at NYCFC to help him do that - we will make him feel like he is at home.
“Jesus has got talent, he's got pace, he's a really good dribbler, and he's somebody who can assist and score goals as well. For a player of such a young age, he has a really strong character and I think he will be a great addition.”
Medina's promising start to his career has garnered recognition through Paraguay's international age-groups. He first came to the attention of national team selectors in 2013 when he represented the U-17s for the first time, scoring seven goals in 15 appearances before advancing to the U-20s at the tender age of 17.
At that level, Medina featured in two Copa Sudamericano U-20 tournaments, captaining the side in the the 2017 edition where he played four times and scored two goals.
Sporting Director Claudio Reyna believes City have added a player with all the personal and playing attributes to develop and succeed in his new surroundings.
Reyna said: “Jesus is a talented attacking player who can play as a winger or number 10 and will fit really well into our system and style of play. He is a left-footed technical player with a quick turn of pace, who can score and create goals for his teammates. Jesus has many exciting qualities and combined with his work ethic will be a great addition to our club.
“Jesus is motivated by the opportunity to take the next step in his career with New York City FC and we are excited to support him develop both on and off the field in the coming years in New York City.”
Jesus made his senior Paraguay debut vs. Mexico in July 2017 and will be hoping this move brings him more opportunities to shine on the international stage.
Announced as the clock struck midnight to signal January 1, 2018 in the LINT (UTC +14) Time zone, Medina's transfer will go down in the history books as 2018's first in world football.
Help us to roll out the sky blue carpet for our new DP by tweeting @NYCFC with the #WelcomeJesus hashtag.
Mondays Suck, I had to listen to a Jehovah Witness on the train this morning….
It's time for Monday Funday!!
Take a look at this picture of Anderson Varejao next to Simpson's character and Bart's archnemesis Sideshow Bob. The similarities are uncanny.. well, it's mainly just the hair. In fact outside of the hair Varejo and Sideshow Bob have nothing in common. Varejo is not a maniacal criminal whose sole purpose in life is to kill a ten-year old boy, neither is he fluent in German nor well versed in the complete works of Gilbert and Sullivan. Although it is great that through Varejo's hair we are having some crossover between the NBA and The Simpson, I wanted to take a look at NBA players that are similar the Simpson characters that has nothing to do with looks.
J.R Smith is Dr Nick Riviera
Neither have any sort of college education and are mostly known for their blunders. J.R Smith for shooting his team out of games and Dr. Nick for not knowing anything about the medical industry. Yet in spite of these things both are very endearing and it is easy to root for them. And occasionally they can surprise you whether it is J.R Smith winning a game for you by making the right decisions or Dr. Nick successfully performing a triple bypass surgery.
Kendrick Perkins is Nelson Muntz
Both are just wanna be tough guys. They act they way they do because it is the best way for them to get by. Perkins because of his lack of athleticism and offensive ability and Nelson to make up for his broken home and to make sure nobody sees the core of his heart. Both of their true personalities are quite different from what we typically see from them. Shown here with Perkins heart to heart with Coach Brooks.
Russell Westbrook is Milhouse Van Houten
This is the only case where looks play a part, with both having the same love for red glasses, but the comparisons go on from there. Just as Westbrook is able to lead his team to victory by himself, Milhouse can carry an episode entirely on his own as he did in “Bart Sells his Soul” and “A Milhouse Divided”. They are also both capable of amazing things, whether it is Westbrooks amazing drives through the lane or Milhouse's amazing deconstruction of the different types of sprinklers. But at the end of the day they both know that they are not the main focus. As great as they both are Westbrook will always be second fiddle to Durant, the same goes for Milhouse with Bart.
Robert Sacre is Rich Texan
I think I explained it well enough in last weeks Monday Funday, but here's another reminder.
Dwight Howard is Rainier Wolfcastle
Both love being the center of attention. It's what gets them going everyday, knowing that they will be watched and “hopefully” loved by many. Yet they also struggle with things that you think would be incredibly easy for them even with a significant amount of practice, Dwight with his free throws and Wolfcastle with learning dialogue. They also are both prone to be quite silly.
Kyrie Irving is Poochie
Now this comparison works only to some extent, so before you get mad let me try to explain. A few years ago the NBA was in the golden age of point guards. Derrick Rose just won the MVP and you could even make the argument that the top 5 point guards in the league could also be the top 15 players in the league. Then Kyrie Irving came into the league as if he was constructed by basketball gods in a time where the NBA was doing great and there already was a surplus of great point guards. But that's where the comparisons end. While Kyire is a potential MVP candidate for many years to come ,Poochie is up in space never to return or be mentioned again.
Jeremy Lin and Chandler Parsons are Carl and Lenny
Just two unlikely best friends working the same job.
Advertisements
Hillary Clinton has not been seen much since the election, except up in the woods near Chappaqua in her favorite hiking sweater. Sadly, that streak ended yesterday, when she used an appearance at the retirement ceremony for Sen. Harry Reid (D-Nev.) to rail hyperbolically against "The epidemic of malicious fake news and false propaganda that flooded social media over the past year."
"It's now clear the so-called fake news can have real-world consequences," Clinton warned, referencing the gunman who arrived at Comet Pizza to investigate a nonsensical conspiracy theory. "Lives are at risk—lives of ordinary people just trying to go about their days, to do their jobs, contribute to their communities….It's imperative that leaders in both the private sector and the public sector step up to protect our democracy and innocent lives."
Watch a snippet of the alarmist sanctimony here:
This is the classic Hillary Clinton progression toward the (often unconstitutional) government restriction of speech.
Step 1: Declare something that is not remotely an epidemic is, in fact, an "epidemic." As in this hysterical speech Clinton gave in front of the Kaiser Family Foundation in March 2005:
[T]he evidence is conclusive that on balance the exposure to this much media and particularly to the violent content of it is not good for children and teenagers. And so what I'm hoping is that all we can come together. If there were an epidemic sweeping through our children of some kind of SARS of some other kind of infectious disease, we would all band together and figure out what to do to protect our children. Well, this is a silent epidemic.
Step 2: While the headline-making incident is still fresh in everyone's minds, insist that the epidemic (which, remember, isn't remotely an epidemic) must be confronted "urgently" by both the federal government and California-based media companies. Here she was just after the December 2015 San Bernardino terrorist attack:
I know that Americans are anxious and fearful, and we have reason to be. The threat is real. The need for action is urgent....We're seeing the results of radicalization not just in far off lands, but right here at home fueled by the internet. It's the nexus of terrorism and technology, and we have a lot of work to do to end it....They are using websites, social media, chat rooms, and other platforms to celebrate beheadings, recruit future terrorists, and call for attacks. We should work with host companies to shut them down. It's time for an urgent dialogue between the government, and not just our government, government and the high tech community to confront this problem together. [...] [W]e're going to have to ask our technology companies...to help us on this. You know, the government is good in some respects, but nowhere near as good as those of you who are in this field. Right now the terrorists communicate on very ubiquitous sites: YouTube, Twitter, Facebook. The woman jihadist in San Bernardino posted her allegiance to Baghdadi and ISIS on Facebook. According to the timing we know so far, she did it either shortly before or shortly after the attack, I'm not sure which. We're going to have more support from our friends in the technology world to deny online space. Just as we have to destroy their would-be caliphate, we have to deny them online space. And this is complicated. You're going to hear all of the usual complaints, you know, freedom of speech, et cetera. But if we truly are in a war against terrorism and we are truly looking for ways to shut off their funding, shut off the flow of foreign fighters, then we've got to shut off their means of communicating.
If you are not familiar with the startling words in that passage above, it's probably because Donald Trump said something similarly awful about free speech and terrorism the very next day, and journalists tend to have aneurysms about Trump's First Amendment–related commentary while giving Clinton an exaggerated benefit of the doubt.
Step 3: Make a specific awful proposal, such—just spitballing here!—criminalizing the burning of American flags. Thankfully, after a long and terrible career of backing such proposals, Clinton no longer has much power in that regard.
"Fake news," by whatever definition, does not require a new legislative response from government. Americans and their political leaders have been trafficking in conspiracy from the founding to the present day. Including the conspiracy that there's a fake news epidemic in the first place.
A group of scientists led by researchers at Cardiff University have discovered a rich inventory of molecules at the centre of an exploded star for the very first time.
Two previously undetected molecules, formylium (HCO+) and sulphur monoxide (SO), were found in the cooling aftermath of Supernova 1987A, located 163,000 light years away in a nearby neighbour of our own Milky Way galaxy. The explosion was originally witnessed in February 1987, hence its name.
These newly identified molecules were accompanied by previously detected compounds such as carbon monoxide (CO) and silicon oxide (SiO). The researchers estimate that about 1 in 1000 silicon atoms from the exploded star can be found in SiO molecules and only a few out of every million carbon atoms are in HCO+ molecules.
It was previously thought that the massive explosions of supernovae would completely destroy any molecules and dust that may have been already present.
However, the detection of these unexpected molecules suggests that the explosive death of stars could lead to clouds of molecules and dust at extremely cold temperatures, which are similar conditions to those seen in a stellar nursery where stars are born.
Lead author of the study Dr Mikako Matsuura, from Cardiff University's School of Physics and Astronomy, said: "This is the first time that we've found these species of molecules within supernovae, which questions our long held assumptions that these explosions destroy all molecules and dust that are present within a star.
"Our results have shown that as the leftover gas from a supernova begins to cool down to below 200°C, the many heavy elements that are synthesised can begin to harbour rich molecules, creating a dust factory.
"What is most surprising is that this factory of rich molecules is usually found in conditions where stars are born. The deaths of massive stars may therefore lead to the birth of a new generation."
The team arrived at their findings using the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) to probe the heart of Supernova 1987A in remarkably fine detail.
The findings have been published in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.
Astronomers have been studying Supernova 1987A since it was first discovered over 30 years ago, but have found it difficult to analyse the supernova's innermost core. ALMA's ability to observe at millimetre wavelengths -- a region of the electromagnetic spectrum between infrared and radio light -- made it possible to see through the intervening dust and gas and study the abundance and location of the newly formed molecules.
In an accompanying paper, a second research team have used ALMA's data to create the first 3D model of Supernova 1987A, revealing important insights into the original star itself and the way supernovae create the basic building blocks of planets.
It is well understood that massive stars, those more than 10 times the mass of our Sun, end their lives in spectacular fashion. When such a star runs out of fuel, there is no longer enough heat and energy to fight back against the force of their own gravity. The outer reaches of the star, once held up by the power of nuclear fusion, then come crashing down on the core with tremendous force. The rebound from this collapse triggers an explosion that blasts material into space.
Building on their current findings, the team hope to use ALMA to find out exactly how abundant the molecules of HCO+ and SO are, and to see if there are any other molecules within the supernova that have yet to be detected.
French producer Madeon's prepping his debut LP, Adventure, for release on March 31. The album finds Madeon expanding the gauzy EDM textures explored by the likes of Porter Robinson to include even brighter, more aggressive (and friendly!) sounds; contributors include Mark Foster of Foster the People, Bastille—and Passion Pit's Michael Angelakos, who contributes vocals to the toothsome "Pay No Mind." "'Pay No Mind' is one of the earliest tracks I wrote for the album," Madeon said in an email to FADER. "I've been a huge Passion Pit fan for years so they came to mind right away. I wanted some extra guitars on the song and reached out to Sam from Two Door Cinema Clubs (I met them after producing their last single). It's one of those songs that came together very naturally. I love it because it reflects a lot of my influences, from electronic sounds to 70's Wurlitzer keyboards."
I absolutely fail at understanding how having panels geared towards other groups in the community is segregation? Considering people of all colours and race attend these panels and the lack of "no so-and-so people allowed" sign on the panel doors you c
an not say that this is segregation. At the risk of sounding unprofessional, I must inform you that your definitions are clearly off and that your post is very hypocritical. You say having panels that include others is separating people? Do you know how prominent the African American cosplay community is and how much value they put into the community and their heritage?
You are diminishing the importance of the diversified group and spitting on everything these groups have built. You speak as if you seek to eliminate all of these groups completely from the community and THAT is racist, sexist, ageist and plenty of other "ists" you probably dont even realize exists.
While you can have complaints about the con, I also recommend you be professional and take it to them through the proper channels.
Something else for you...anime cons have ALWAYS had a separate programming for 18+. They are an abundance at cons and attendees must have proper ID. And they are OPTIONAL. It isnt like they are advertising their materials outside the panel doors. Why is this even a big deal to you if you dont plan to take your minor into the room anyway?
The dealers room and artist alley usually feature these "half naked anime girls".... and if you are just now noticing this then you must be new to the convention scene as a whole. Ive never been to a con in my over 10 years attending where there hasnt been bikini or underwear anime girls or bare chested anime guys.
ASTL is extremely family friendly as a con and they always have been.
And calling out a GUEST on something that is 100% encouraged at conventions is utterly unproffessional. Theynwere trying to create a great place for EVERYONE to attend and feel welcome. Even I do a series of panels that talk about nothing but things like race, sex and gender, body modification, and other topics that you would probably say should be "hushed". But did you know that social issues are only fixed when people discuss the issues and come together to create a solution? Here in this post you are encouraging the opposite.
You are entitled to your opinions but clearly you should reevaluate what you are basing your opinion on.
Matt Lees had an article published on the Guardian on December 1st, 2016 titled “What Gamergate Should Have Taught Us About The ‘Alt-Right'”. It's a generic hit-piece filled with easily disprovable lies, defamation and misinformation. Lees also manages to unethically skip over disclosing ties to the subjects he discusses in the piece.
Leis manages to name-drop Leigh Alexander and link to her piece about the death of gamers in his article. He's actually business partners with Leigh Alexander's husband, Quintin Smith, for whom they share a Patreon account and conduct a podcast with each other, as pointed out in a Kotaku In Action thread, which was originally picked up by content creator Mundane Matt.
Matt Lees wrote an article about GamerGate again…his business partner Quentin Smith is married to Leigh Alexander. Its 2014 all over again — Matt Jarbo (@mundanematt) December 1, 2016
While it's not an overtly gross ethical breach, it's something you would think he would inform his readers about, given that #GamerGate is about ethics in journalism.
Nevertheless, the first bit that has been debunked and disproven with many facts over and over again happens near the top of the article, where Lees write…
“[GamerGate's] most notable achievement was harassing a large number of progressive figures – mostly women – to the point where they felt unsafe or considered leaving the industry.”
He has links to various other articles – mostly hearsay from Zoe Quinn, Anita Sarkeesian and Brianna Wu – to backup his statements. The particular quote above has no link, so it's literally just conjecture.
Worse yet is that #GamerGate was never a harassment campaign according to various survey reports and statistical analysis, the most notable one being the peer reviewed report from WAM!, as reported by TechRaptor.
Even when Lees do decide to link to some fact to back up his point, he misrepresents it — such as showing the Newsweek statistic as evidence of harassment, when in fact the graph in the Newsweek article literally shows more than 92% of the tweets they measured from #Gamergate were neutral, with the other percentage divided between being either positive or negative. There's a more detailed analysis of the stats in a piece on Medium.
In fact, no journalist has been able to actually point out where or when #GamerGate was used as a harassment campaign. The evidence doesn't exist. Even Zoe Quinn's own Crash Override Network couldn't find any evidence that #GamerGate ever harassed Anita Sarkeesian.
More to the point, #GamerGate's greatest achievements came in the form of getting various media websites to reform their ethical policies and for the FTC to update their endorsement standards regarding disclosures and affiliate links for video game reviews and Let's Play videos. You could say, they achieved better ethics in journalism.
That's not to mention that according to Max Read, the former executive editor from Gawker, #GamerGate's greatest achievement was costing Gawker seven figures in revenue, forfeiting them from being able to get a loan to stave off bankruptcy during the Hulk Hogan trial, which ultimately led to the downfall of the main Gawker website and allowed Univision to take over the company.
Lees either decided not to do any research or felt his career was worth tanking on pushing such an easily disprovable lie about #GamerGate. His only citation for a #GamerGate victory in ethical reformation was pointing to Polygon's paltry update regarding disclosing writers having ties to crowd-funded projects, but he ignored Destructoid, The Escapist, VideoGamer, VG 24/7, Eurogamer, Kotaku, The Verge and IGN also addressing the ethical concerns raised by #GamerGate.
If you look through Lees' citations for harassment and rape/death threats, they all point back to other articles on the Guardian or similar interviews relying on the words of Zoe Quinn, Anita Sarkeesian and Brianna Wu. All three have been proven to have misled and misinformed the general public on multiple occasions. Just recently a veteran game developer debunked a lot of the misinformation Anita Sarkeesian has spread through the Feminist Frequency videos that has led to censorship and enforced policing of video game content under false pretenses.
Brianna Wu's claim to #GamerGate fame came from a series of death/rape threats sent from someone using the handle Chatter Whiteman. There's no indication that this individual had any connection to #GamerGate and after posting the death/rape threats the account was quickly deleted. Nevertheless, this one-off event was used to springboard Wu into the spotlight as an alleged victim of #GamerGate.
Zoe Quinn, the co-founder of Crash Override Network, was also discovered to have lied about what actually transpired during the Polaris Game Jam. Where leaked chat logs from the Crash Override Network Skype group revealed that Quinn admitted to purposefully sabotaging the Game Jam to see it tank.
Essentially, the only evidence of harassment and threats Lees can provide is from people have been discredited on multiple occasions due to lying and utilizing public platforms for their own private gain.
Leis has no actual examples of #GamerGate harassment but hinges the entire article on the topic while trying to tie it into Donald Trump and the Alt-Right. To compensate, he continually refers to the movement as a group of anonymous males or young men, making blanket statements to erase the identity of women, minorities and those in the LGBTQ community. Nick Monroe, an infrequent contributor to One Angry Gamer, pointed out how Lees didn't mind erasing the identity of women who supported #GamerGate to push his own agenda.
“Anonymous online dudes” https://t.co/XXB2zWEgEm
Inaccurate. Women of the movement got together and made this video.https://t.co/pckQ1IXVNn pic.twitter.com/V00YZFwSq0 — Nick Monroe (@nickmon1112) December 1, 2016
Lees even tries to say that Sarkeesian was a target, even though Anita Sarkeesian was the one who brought herself into #GamerGate, claiming she was a target. There was never any threats sent her way during that period from #Gamergate. The only series of threats she received was from an egg account that had nothing to do with #GamerGate.
Leis tries using the cooked up GameJournoPros' conspiracy that #GamerGate was some 4chan monstrosity cooked up in anonymous sub-culture. He points to the “leaked' chat logs of a public 4chan chatroom where – just before getting kicked and banned out of the room – someone mentioned about wanting to hack Zoe Quinn. It turns out that the selected chat logs were part of a 4,000 line public chat discussion, which was dumped in full and available for everyone to see, as reported by The Escapist. The hashtag itself didn't come into fruition until actor Adam Baldwin made it so after watching a viral video from The Internet Aristocrat.
Lees disingenuously leaps from one flimsy talking point to the other, ignoring reality and facts along the way, even going so far as to write…
“[…] it has never been possible to write openly about Gamergate without attracting a wave of online abuse.”
As an anecdote, I've never received or attracted abuse for writing about #GamerGate, whether it was at Cinema Blend or One Angry Gamer. The only people who seem to regularly attract what Lees label as “online abuse” are those who continue to push easily disprovable lies. And in this way, Lees affirms the self-fulfilling prophecy by pushing out the same kind of propaganda and misinformation that made #GamerGate such a massive force back in 2014.
Lees dishonestly proclaims that there were no clear goals and that attempts to find common ground (through media censorship and bleated pleas to force people to “abandon the hashtag”) were never enough, writing…
“It was constantly demanded that we debate the issues, but explanations and facts were treated with scorn. Attempts to find common ground saw the specifics of the demands being shifted: we want you to listen to us; we want you to change your ways; we want you to close your publication down.”
There was never actually common ground reached because journalists didn't want it. In fact, Matt Lees himself told MCV in an article published on October 1st, 2014 that “I don't see any point in negotiating” when it came to #GamerGate. Thus Lees betrays his own statements about finding common ground by admitting he wasn't willing to negotiate or discuss the matter back when it first blew up.
What's more is that #GamerGate supporters put up their own money to fly journalists out to the SPJ Airplay event in Miami, Floriday back during the summer of 2015. The only thing gamers received for their efforts – in an attempt to have a civil discussion about ethics in journalism – were bomb threats, as reported by Forbes.
The better question is where was Matt Lees during the SPJ Airplay and why didn't he choose to be a part of the discussion if he intended to discuss ethics in a fair manner? The goals and discussions were always clearly defined: better ethics via disclosures. There's even a video cut together by LeoPirate that clearly outlines what gamers wanted discussed at the SPJ Airplay event.
Lees even goes so far as to contradict the very reality that slapped gamers in the face during 2014 that kicked #GamerGate into high-gear, where he writes…
“Gamergate painted critics as censors, the far-right movement claims critics are the real racists.”
There was no need to “paint” the critics as censors… the critics were censors. N4G was a censor. Reddit was a censor (and still is). Imzy is a censor.
Rock, Paper, Shotgun is a censor. Heck there's literally an infographic showing the media's role in censoring people from even discussing the early days of #GamerGate before it was known as #GamerGate. And let's not forget that Ben Kuchera from Polygon literally implored former editor-in-chief at The Escapist, Greg Tito, to censor and shutdown the #GamerGate discussion board on The Escapist forums, which is chronicled on the Deep Freeze entry for the GameJournoPros.
It's clear that Matt Lees was taking one desperate attempt to further smear anyone who doesn't align with his political views, abandoning all hope at honest discussion by cherry-picking falsehoods and completely ignoring all the facts. It's a shame that the Guardian would taint their brand under blatantly obvious fake news.
(Main image courtesy of Alejandro Argandona)
Bloomberg and the Wire Report are both reporting that Industry Minister Christian Paradis held meetings over the past two weeks with 13 of Canada's largest telcos, including Bell, Telus, Rogers, Shaw, and others. The full list of meetings supplied by Paradis' office to the Wire Report:
Aug. 16
Cogeco Cable Inc.
Shaw Communications Inc.
Quebecor Media Inc.
Globalive Wireless Management Corp.
Xplornet Communications Inc.
Public Mobile
Aug. 17
EastLink
BCE Inc.
Mobilicity
Telus Communications Co.
Aug. 22
Rogers Communications Inc.
MTS Allstream
Aug. 24
SaskTel
While it is certainly a positive step that Paradis is engaged on the telecommunications file – the spectrum auction, foreign ownership, and digital strategy are all key issues – the list begs the question of whether meetings with public interest stakeholders are also planned. Groups such as PIAC, Open Media, CIPPIC and others deserve face time with the Minister to ensure that the decision-making process includes a public interest, consumer voice. There may be a diversity of views among the telcos on these issues (and among consumer groups), but if the government policy is ultimately about addressing concerns about the state of competition in the Canadian marketplace with a pro-consumer perspective, the Minister needs to actually speak to consumer groups, not just telecom companies.
The character 青 (qīng) describes color: 青天 (qīngtiān) for the sky, 青山 (qīngshān) for the mountains, 青丝(qīngsī) for hair , 青眼 (qīngyǎn) for eyes… One color can be used to describe all of these different entities. What color is 青 anyway? When used with different nouns to form fixed words and phrases, qing could be green, blue, or close to black.
In most cases, qing refers to green, such as 青草 (qīngcǎo, green grass), 青山 (qīngshān, green mountains), 青菜 (qīngcài, green vegetables), and 青椒 (qīngjiāo, green pepper). The ancient dictionary 释名 The Shiming defines it as: 青，生也，象物生时色也 (qīng, shēng yě, xiàng wù shēng shí sè yě). Qing, is birth, like the color of things born. Thus, 青春 (qīngchūn), literally “green spring”, means youth.
But qing can also sometimes mean blue. The Confucian philosopher Xunzi once said: “青，取之于蓝，而青于蓝” (qīng, qǔ zhī yú lán, ér qīng yú lán), or “Qing comes from blue, yet excels blue”. Blue, in this context, refers to bluegrass, which was used to dye items the color of qing. The sentence “青出于蓝而胜于蓝” (qīng chū yú lán ér shèng yú lán) has become a fixed expression, used to describe how the student could excel the teacher.
Finally, qing may also refer to the color black. 青鬓 (qīng bìn) means black temple hair, which in ancient China was a term that could be used to refer to young people. 青衣 (qīngyī) refers to a main female role in Chinese opera, which comes from the fact that most of them wear black clothing.
H/T guokr.com.
Ri Sol Ju, the wife of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, has not been seen in public for nearly four months, according to the NK News leadership tracker.
The disappearance is her longest recorded absence from state media, though she was not seen for more than 90 days last year.
“As of April 8, Ri has been out of public view for 111 days with no mention of her or any hint as to why,” said NK News military analyst John Grisafi, who tracks North Korea's leadership.
“Long absences by Ri are not unusual. The current is her 10th absence of 40 days or more. This is however, the longest yet, with her 91-day absence from June 7 to September 4, 2014 being the previous record.”
Despite numerous appearances with Kim Jong-un from the second half of 2012, Ri tends not to venture far from the North Korean capital, with 52 of 60 of her appearances in state media taking place in Pyongyang.
Since then, Ri's absences from the public eye have increased both in number in length.
“One possible reason for Ri's declining public prominence is that her presence is simply not needed as much as it once was. Ri was initially shown in public alongside Kim to build an image of him as a mature, family man and bolster his perceived leadership credentials,” Grisafi said.
Motherhood could also be keeping Ri from the spotlight, as in late 2012 she gave birth to a daughter and could either be pregnant or have had a second child, although Grisafi stresses there is no direct evidence for this.
“Given that her first child was a daughter and the importance in Korean culture – especially for leadership figures – to have a son, the Kim family may have tried to have a second child by now,” Grisafi said.
Kim Jong-un's sister Kim Yo Jong also appears to have taken over the mantle somewhat as the leading Kim family public figure. Since she first appeared in February last year Kim has accompanied her brother on field guidance tours and military drills.
On March 12, she was the sole elite mentioned as accompanying Kim Jong-un.
Featured image: Rodong Sinmun
Seems Google doesn't diagnose folks quite as well as human doctors do... yet. Clearly, the doctors in this article are clinging to the hope that they'll still be relevant in a few years.
Via Huff Po:
Doctors also got it right more often for the more serious conditions and the more uncommon diagnoses, while computer algorithms were better at spotting less serious conditions and more common diagnoses, according to the results published in a research letter in JAMA Internal Medicine.
“In medical school, we are taught to consider broad differential diagnoses that include rare conditions, and to consider life-threatening diagnoses,” said Dr. Andrew M. Fine of Boston Children's Hospital, who was not part of the new study. “National board exams also assess our abilities to recognize rare and ‘can't miss' diagnoses, so perhaps the clinicians have been conditioned to look for these diagnoses,” he said.
“Physicians do get it wrong 10 to 15 percent of the time, so maybe if computers were augmenting them the outcome would be better,” Mehrotra said.
“In a real-world setting, I could envision MD plus algorithm vs MD alone,” Fine told Reuters Health by email. “The algorithms will rely on a clinician to input physical exam findings in a real-world setting, and so the computer algorithm alone could not go head to head with a clinician.”
Story highlights Lev Golinkin: Ivanka Trump's' two tweets about the neo-Nazis in Charlottesville were like saying nothing at all
Among other things, Jared Kushner's family history of Holocaust survival should have prompted a stronger reaction, Golinkin writes
Lev Golinkin came to the US as a child refugee from the eastern Ukrainian city of Kharkov (now called Kharkiv) in 1990. He is the author of the memoir "A Backpack, a Bear, and Eight Crates of Vodka." The opinions expressed in this commentary are his own.
(CNN) I first heard the silence late Tuesday night, while pecking at my phone, waiting for Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump to denounce President Donald Trump's latest comments on neo-Nazis after the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, and the death and mayhem that resulted.
After the President tried to compare neo-Nazis to what he described as the "alt-left," saying "I think there is blame on both sides," there was still no outcry from Jared or Ivanka.
Slowly, as the hours ticked away, the silence descended.
Lev Golinkin
Many think of silence as the absence of noise, but that's only one type of silence. There is a different, darker variety, one Jews and African-Americans have gotten to know well over the centuries. This silence doesn't suppress sound -- it amplifies it. It is the boom of the MS St. Louis departing for Nazi-threatened Europe after being denied entry by port after port. It's the whisk-whisk of Southern belles fanning themselves at the slave auction. It's the presence of apathy amid injustice and horror.
I'd heard this kind of silence, long ago. I heard it in the Soviet Union, in the footfalls of teachers and classmates calmly walking around me and the other Jew in my class as we received our daily beatings. I'd heard it in the Doppler effect of cars passing my family and other refugees when we were hitchhiking along frigid Austrian roads.
The Leicester fairy tale continues as Claudio Ranieri's side are still much alive in Champions League and visit Sevilla today. The Foxes have a poor run in Premier League this season as they are on the verge of falling into the relegation zone, while their journey in Europe reminds us of the team that surprised the whole world last year.
Jorge Sampaoli's Sevilla is a hard rival for them to overcome, as the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan outlet are currently breathing on Barcelona's back in La Liga, having shown some incredible football throughout the championship, including the impressive victory over leaders Real Madrid earlier this year.
The match at Sanchez Pizjuan promises to be an entertaining one. Leicester will try to use their goal opportunities and present the next surprise of the UCL playoffs. Riyad Mahrez and Jamie Vardy will be the cornerstones to rely on. However, Sevilla are in a good run of form, too. Samir Nasri's renaissance and Vitolo's velocity will fuel the Spanish side's engine. Being famous for his ability to fight in cup competitions, Jorge Sampaoli will surely prepare some unexpected moves for Claudio Ranieri.
Team News
Sevilla have been using different playing schemes throughout the season, and it's hard to predict which one Sampaoli will choose for today's game. Concerning the squad, there are two missing players for the hosts, as Benoit Tremoulinas and Michael Krohn-Dehli are out due to injuries. Nico Pareja will almost certainly miss the game as he hasn't recovered from the injury yet. On the other hand, Vicente Iborra is back to the team after sitting out the last game due to suspension.
Leicester City will have to cope without Islam Slimani, who has failed to recover from a groin injury and hasn't arrived in Andalusia with the rest of the team. Also, Leonardo Ulloa's participation is still under doubt and Ranieri will make a decision only in the last minute.
Robert Huth is the only player who risks missing the next match providing that he is booked today.
Head to Head
These two teams haven't met with each other before and today's game is their first ever clash. It will make the game more interesting.
What about teams' form, Sevilla are in a much better position here, having lost only one of last 6 games.
Sevilla: WWDLWW
Leicester: LLWLLD
The club now coached by Jorge Sampaoli are looking to make the last eight of Europe's elite club competition for the first time since their inaugural continental campaign in 1957/58. That run ended with a heavy quarter-final loss to eventual winners Real Madrid CF (0-8 a, 2-2 h). Their only previous two-legged knockout tie against Premier League opposition brought a 4-3 aggregate success (2-1 h, 2-2 a) for Sevilla over Tottenham Hotspur FC in the 2006/07 UEFA Cup quarter-finals.
This is the first time that Leicester have survived in a European campaign beyond Christmas. Two of the Foxes' three previous European campaigns ended against Spanish opposition. Club Atlético de Madrid eliminated them in both the 1961/62 European Cup Winners' Cup first round (1-1 h, 0-2 a) and the 1997/98 UEFA Cup first round (1-2 a, 0-2 h).
Possible lineups
Sevilla – Sergio Rico, Mariano, Lenglet, Rami, Escudero, N'Zonzi, Iborra, Vitolo, Nasri, Vazquez, Jovetic
Leicester – Schmeichel, Simpson, Morgan, Huth, Fuchs, Mahrez, Ndidi, Drinkwater, Albrighton, Okazaki, Vardy
Prediction
Sevilla are looking firm to grab three points at home with all the odds favoring them over Leicester. I believe that Sampaoli's side will push hard today to secure their ticket to the quarters and decide the outcome of the tie here and now. That's why I think that Sevilla will score at least two goals. Most probably, they will earn a 3-0 victory.
My bet is “Sevilla Total Goals over 2” with odds 1.82 at Vbet.com.
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
A Vietnamese Arsenal supporter has become a video star after running alongside the Gunners team coach for five kilometres, waving at his idols.
The fan, now nicknamed 'The Running Man' tracked the Gunners bus as it made its way through Hanoi in Vietnam on the club's pre-season tour of Asia, even hitching a ride on the back of a motorbike along the route.
The players were suitably impressed with the fans' efforts in keeping up and stopped to invite him onto the bus for photographs, while manager Arsene Wenger signed his Arsenal shirt.
Watch goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny tell the story of Running Man below ...
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Home resales rose in October and a gauge of homebuilder sentiment climbed to a six-year high in November, signs of surprising vigor in the country's still-struggling housing market.
A "for sale" sign is seen at a boatyard just off the Milwaukee Harbor in Milwaukee November 2, 2012. REUTERS/Darren Hauck
The National Association of Realtors said on Monday that existing home sales climbed 2.1 percent last month to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 4.79 million units, beating forecasts by Wall Street economists.
Separately, strengthening demand for new homes drove an increase in a monthly measure of home builder sentiment, which hit a more than six-year high in November, topping even the most optimistic forecast in a Reuters poll of analysts.
Rising home prices and a faster pace of sales have shown the housing market has finally turned the corner this year. The market collapsed when a mortgage debt bubble burst in 2006, helping trigger the 2007-09 recession.
The data on Monday suggested the recovery in housing is advancing even faster than many analysts had expected.
“The housing market is continuing to improve. It's probably improving more than most economists were projecting earlier this year,” said Patrick Newport, an economist at IHS Global Insight in Lexington, Massachusetts.
The reports also support the view that the broader economic recovery is becoming increasingly self-sustaining, with job creation helping drive home sales, which in turn are supporting economic growth. Home building is expected to add to economic growth this year for the first time since 2005.
U.S. stock prices rose sharply, with investors heartened by the housing data and signs that lawmakers are making progress in talks aimed at avoiding sharp tax hikes and government spending cuts next year. Yields on U.S. government debt also rose.
The housing data also suggested that superstorm Sandy, a mammoth storm that slammed into the U.S. East Coast on October 29, continues to distort economic data in the United States.
The Northeast was the only region in the country where the pace of sales fell. NAR economist Lawrence Yun said Sandy would likely leave a bigger mark in November and December, although he expected the impact would only be temporary.
The storm, which killed more than 130 people in the United States and left millions of homes and businesses without electricity, led U.S. factories to cut production in October. It also weighed on auto sales as consumers stayed away from showrooms.
Economists, however, think Sandy's impact on the economy will be temporary. Indeed, not all of the impact is negative. Home improvement retailer Lowes reported higher-than-expected profits on Monday as its sales got a lift from people buying items like generators, flashlights and batteries ahead of Sandy.
The housing data showed that home prices continue to rebound. In October, the median price for an existing home was $178,600, up 11.1 percent from a year earlier.
Supporting prices, fewer people sold their homes under distressed conditions, which include foreclosures, compared to the same period in 2011. Also, the nation's inventory of existing homes for sale fell 1.4 percent during the month to 2.14 million, the lowest level since December 2002.
The shrinking supply of distressed and foreclosed inventory helped push U.S. homebuilder sentiment up for a seventh consecutive month in November.
The National Association of Home Builders said its sentiment index rose to 46 — the highest since May 2006 — from 41 the month before. Economists polled by Reuters had predicted the index would remain unchanged.
However, the gauge remained below 50, a reminder that the housing market was still some way off full recovery. Readings below 50 mean more builders view market conditions as poor as favorable. The index has not been above 50 since April 2006.
The measure has made strong progress over the last year, helping to cement optimism in the sector.
“Builders are reporting increasing demand for new homes as inventories of foreclosed and distressed properties begin to shrink in markets across the country,” said NAHB Chairman Barry Rutenberg.
Exclusive to STR
The official truth is that voting is a glorious thing, that it may even be a democratic duty. After all, most free countries have a history of bloodshed and war, which was the only way of finally getting rid of terror and oppression to establish Democracy: where we, the people, rule ourselves and there are no kings, lords, or absolute rulers. In such a world, are we not obliged to show our respects to those who sacrificed their lives for our freedom? Voting means exercising the very core principle of the freedom their sacrifice has granted our glorious generation; if not a legal duty, it should be a moral obligation.
We have heard it said many times in many ways: Blessed be thee, oh voter! And curs'd be thee, who do not honor the sacrifice of our fathers! He who does not vote has no right to complain!
But if you are one of us who do not vote, do not despair. Official truths are so often official lies that it is difficult to tell them apart. And if you do not understand the evils of political power and the state, then you may easily be misled to believe in its self-proclaimed goodness and the seeming forever repeated gospel. Do not despair, because voters are nothing but the worst of hypocrites and despicable cowards.
Don't believe me? Then let me show you.
There are two kinds of voters: those who vote because they believe in a candidate, a party, or a program, and those who vote to stop a candidate, a party, or a program. In either case, they are cowards and we should offer them nothing but our sincerest contempt.
Those who cast their ballots for someone or something do so out of belief that they can change the world through voting, that the system is generally just and accountable to the voting populace. Some of them may even believe that their vote actually counts, which should make us doubt their ability to think straight. But what they do is grant legitimacy not only to a candidate or party, but to the system of dog-eat-dog politics. Politics is a winner-takes-all kind of game, but winners and losers alike--they all share that they voted.
for a change want to see that change happening--at least to some degree. But whereas this is obviously true, we also know that these people do not go about trying to accomplish this change in some other way: They expect voting to bring about the change through political means. I have previously discussed what it means to vote and will not repeat myself. But it is safe to say that those votinga change want to see that change happening--at least to some degree. But whereas this is obviously true, we also know that these people do not go about trying to accomplish this change in some other way: They expect voting to bring about the change through political means.
T he peoples voting against some changes are not different: They do not wish to see the particular change and therefore vote for someone not supporting it. And while doing so they automatically vote in support for some other change, unless their candidate is literally a conservative and wishes no change at all (but then why would they run for office?). Whether the change they vote against is good or bad, they still expect their voting to make the difference.
It is true that voters sometimes use other means to bring about change and vote. But even so, voting reveals their belief that political decisions not only matter but are important; they deem politics so important that they prefer voting to doing something else--and so they cast their ballot in support of a candidate, a party, or program. This is true even if the candidate does not offer the best of solutions or even promises to work for a solution close to the one preferred by the voter. They still cast their votes.
But of interest to us here is not primarily the rationale for casting votes, even though it is important to establish that votes are always cast for someone or something. What is of interest here is: What is the nature of this change for which all voters knowingly or uncomprehendingly cast their votes in support?
The change, it must be stressed, is always of a political nature. This is no surprise, but few seem to be able to or want to connect the dots: The change they desire is not for themselves, but for you and me and the neighbor's son and the lady down the street and themselves. Their preference is not to put in an option they lack and would choose, but for a one-system solution that we all will be forced to accept one way or the other. The only means to establish a political solution is to do so by force and coercion: against people's will if there are dissenters.
It is in this sense the voter is a despicable coward: just like the person hiring brutes to beat up an enemy rather than doing it himself, or hiring a hit man rather than making the kill himself, the voter hides and lets others do his dirty work. The voter is too lazy to try to establish the change for and by himself--or too evil to allow others to seek their own solutions. In either case, the voter pretends to have his hands and conscience clean while pointing murderers to their victims.
The only moral approach to change is to bring it about yourself and stand tall knowing it is your own work, whether in success or defeat. The coward hides behind smoke screens, representatives with fancy titles, and faceless, anonymous systems that carry out their deeds. The former is the radical, the free spirit, and the entrepreneur; the latter is simply the cheat, the fraud, and the crook--in democratic terms, the politician and voter.
In April 1941, after nearly a year of the Greeks staving off Italian forces, the armies of the Third Reich rolled their tanks into Athens. An Evzoni guarding the Parthenon was ordered to replace the national flag with the fascist ensign. After taking it down, he wrapped himself in the redundant flag and jumped to his death from that democratic theater rock.
One evening, barely two months later, Nazi troops were toasting Hitler's invasion of Crete. Two boys — including the then 18-year-old Manolis Glezos — armed with a knife and lantern, snuck past them, into the Acropolis and captured the billowing Swastika. That evening they tore it to shreds and buried it, keeping rags as souvenirs. Telegrams blazed around the continent, and the action became a call to arms for resistance movements in Greece and beyond.
Why the harsh treatment?
Throughout his life, Glezos has been sentenced to death three times; spent over a decade incarcerated; been memorialized on a Soviet postage stamp; written six books; innovated new systems of flood preventative water irrigation and has been granted honorary professorships in geology, civil engineering, and philosophy. Now 92, he is one of the most prominent members of Syriza — a coalition of radical left parties that has gone from 3% of the national vote in 2004, to 36% today.
Still on the streets in a 2010 Athenian street protest, Glezos was hit in the face by a riot cop and teargassed by another. In 2012, he became a Member of Parliament, and as of 2014 he is representing the party in European Parliament. Bringing an “anti-government, anti-system and anti-Troika” message to Brussels, he campaigns, amongst other things, for reparations from Germany. Here's an extract of an open letter he penned last year:
Due to bombings, executions, famine, disease, and reduced fertility our country lost 13.4% of its population. The USSR 10%, Poland 8%. Yugoslavia 6%. At the same time it suffered an incredible economic catastrophe: our infrastructure was destroyed, our resources were looted. At the same time our cultural treasures were stolen and taken to Germany. And yet, 70 years after the end of the occupation our country has not received from Germany any redress, any compensation! When indeed all of the other countries invaded by Germany have received reparations from Germany. All of them except Greece! Why? And furthermore: the loan Greece was forced to make has not been repaid to our country whereas Germany has repaid the equivalent obligatory loans made by Poland and Yugoslavia. Finally the archaeological treasures and priceless works of art which were stolen from Greece have not been returned. Why? What is the reason for this particularly harsh treatment of us?
Europe's debt colony
‘Harsh treatment' indeed. In the past four years Greece's economy has shrunk by a quarter. Child poverty is at 40%. A quarter of a million people are without electricity. Unemployment stands at 26%, and most of these people do not receive benefits. For those in work, job security and wages have been cut and 33% of the population has no health insurance. The list goes on.
The story is a familiar one. The Greek state was lent huge amounts by the IMF and Eurozone countries — it is 175% of it's GDP in debt — in exchange for brutal austerity conditions to be imposed. Syriza want to stop all of this. The new Finance Minister described the bailout deals, with characteristic Greek flair, as “fiscal waterboarding policies that have turned Greece into a debt colony.” He is now aiming to negotiate 50% of their debt to be wiped off (such a thing has happened many times before, including to Germany in 1953).
Syriza now lead the only anti-austerity government in Europe, with the 40-year-old former communist student leader Alexis Tsipras at the helm. Their emphasis on negotiating with their creditors has drawn criticism from the left, with many accusing them of tempering their views or never really having been that radical in the first place.
Syriza seems to understand the fundamental antagonism of its relationship with the Troika: debtor doesn't want to pay, lender wants its money back. Along with Spain, Italy, and Ireland, they may have a certain ability to bargain collectively. “We both want us to be in the euro. We're not going to pay though. Kick us out? Then we'll all leave and your EU is finished,” so to speak.
Roots in years of struggle
No matter how ideologically brilliant this “formidable coterie of academics, human rights advocates, mavericks and visionaries” may be, there have been two prongs of anarchist practice that have made demands for radical change realistic:
The alternatives: the citizen-run health clinics, food centers, public kitchens, legal aid centers, and various forms of mutual aid co-operatives necessitated by the poverty of recent years; The critique: riots, hunger strikes against incarceration, occupied factories, strikes, the molotovs. Paul Mason describes the Exarcheia district of Athens — “the last of the great bohemias” — as resisting gentrification by “night after night of barricade fighting and random attacks on TV news crews.”
It is only possible for Syriza to exist because of the country's vibrant, antagonistic culture of direct action and prefigurative politics. They are the result of years of struggle. To talk about party politics without talking of these networks is entirely illiterate.
What happened in Greece is deeply intertwined with social movements around the world. Syriza would mean nothing without, for example, Spain's Podemos — a one-year old radical leftist party set to win the 2015 elections. Their victory would put an end to the two-party system that has reigned since Franco. Podemos' leader, Pablo Iglesias, took to a stage with Tsipras a few days before the election. Side by side, punching their fists in the air, they looked like two cute drunk IT-workers as they sang along to Leonard Cohen's classic:
They sentenced me to twenty years of boredom
For trying to change the system from within
I'm coming now, I'm coming to reward them
First we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin.
The ‘contagion effect' of this far left victory will resound throughout Europe, boosting support for a range of left parties: Sinn Féin in Ireland, the Greens in the United Kingdom, Die Linke in Germany, Parti de Gauche in France, and also in Greece's historic nemesis Turkey, where marginalized leftist and Kurdish groups such as the HDP have found an ally in Syriza.
The specifics of these groups are unremarkable enough, but the widespread rejection of traditional political parties, and the breakdown of a parliamentary consensus on debt is something new.
Global resonance
There is a feedback loop. Each of these anti-austerity parties is a product of mass social movements. They were created by these social movements, and in turn, the success of these parties will (hopefully) facilitate those movements to progress in creating non-state, non-market networks.
It reaches far beyond Europe. Since 2011, in South America, North Africa, East Asia, and beyond, prefigurative politics have come to the fore in a previously unimaginable way. Around the world, there is a change in common sense about what constitutes democracy, and how to practice it. These behaviors are the murmurs laying ground for our post-capitalist future.
Stepping down from utopia for a moment. The most important reason for thinking outside Europe is simple and ignored: reparations. There is an absence of discussions about what Syriza's potential successes here could herald. If Germany repaid Greece for the misery it has been in since WWII, it will resound through the (post-)colonized world, and embolden the cries for historical justice long written off as ‘unrealistic.'
TRENTON -- The man known as NJ Weedman, a longtime marijuana legalization advocate, has ended his roughly two-week hunger strike at the urging of Duane "Dog" Chapman -- the star of the reality TV show "Dog the Bounty Hunter."
Ed Forchion began his hunger strike on June 13 in protest of his being held at the Mercer County jail while awaiting trial on a witness tampering charge, according to his Facebook page, which is being maintained by his supporters while he's in jail.
He was arrested in early March on charges related to a raid on his Trenton restaurant, Weedman's Joint, last year.
In a handwritten letter sent to NJ Advance Media, Forchion said, "'Dog the Bounty Hunter' has come to town to champion the cause (bail is a right). I just talked to 'Dog' on the phone and he urged me to end this strike."
Chapman has been an outspoken critic of New Jersey's bail reform measures. On Monday, he and his wife, Beth, went to the Statehouse to voice opposition against the new measures, which were implemented in January. The couple also spoke on the issue at a town hall meeting in Edgewater over the weekend.
Christie tells 'Dog the Bounty Hunter' to take a hike
"'Dog' says he will be urging the state Assembly to respect citizens' rights to bail and to release me," NJ Weedman wrote, noting that he believes he has a new detention hearing scheduled on Thursday at 1:30 p.m.
Forchion said he believes his hunger strike has accomplished its purpose.
He wrote, "I believe my hunger strike was a success! I got the media's attention to the constitutional issue of bail and the denial of it with the BRA" (Bail Reform Act).
Forchion's charges from his arrest in March were related to a confidential informant that authorities said bought marijuana from Forchion in the months before the raid.
Forchion claimed to have learned the name of the confidential informant and posted it on social media despite prosecutors seeking it be kept confidential. Forchion has said that he also filed a lawsuit against the informant and sent the legal papers to the man's family members.
That attempted contact led to the witness tampering charge, prosecutors have said.
Forchion was ordered detained in the witness tampering case and his appeals seeking release on bail have been denied.
Weedman's restaurant reopened on April 20 under the new name Weedbukx.
Spencer Kent may be reached at skent@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @SpencerMKent. Find the Find NJ.com on Facebook.
In his announcement, Trump touted his experience creating jobs throughout the Trump Organization. Trump to form exploratory committee for possible 2016 presidential bid
Real estate mogul Donald Trump announced Wednesday he will be forming a presidential exploratory committee ahead of the 2016 election.
“I have a great love for our country, but it is a country that is in serious trouble. We have lost the respect of the entire world. Americans deserve better than what they get from their politicians — who are all talk and no action!” Trump said in a statement.
Story Continued Below
In addition to the committee, which will help Trump decide whether to officially announce a run for president, the Republican has “made several key hires” of staff with roots in Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina, and hired additional advisers based in New York.
In his announcement, Trump touted his experience building his company and creating jobs throughout the Trump Organization, with “very little debt.”
“Our real unemployment rate is staggering while our manufacturing base is eroding on a daily basis,” Trump said. “We must rebuild our infrastructure, control our borders, support local control of education, greatly strengthen our military, care for our veterans and put Americans back to work!”
Trump has publicly toyed with running for president in the past, including announcing in 2010 that he was interested in a possible 2012 bid.
But he has a steep hill to climb with Republican voters. In a Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll from March 11, 74 percent of Republicans said they viewed Trump in a negative way — more than any of the 14 other candidates discussed in the poll.
On Thursday, Trump will travel to New Hampshire, a battleground state, to meet with veterans and local business owners.
An NBC Entertainment source told POLITICO's On Media blog that the network still plans to go ahead with season 15 of “Celebrity Apprentice,” despite the announcement.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18K79
NASA's Wallops Flight Facility on the Eastern Shore of Virginia canceled a rocket launch Tuesday night that was expected to produce glowing clouds in the upper atmosphere visible from eastern parts of the WRAL viewing area.
The launch was canceled due to cloudy conditions, according to NASA.
NASA planned the launch of a Terrier-Improved Malemute sounding rocket from the Wallops Flight Facility on Virginia's Eastern Shore.
This sounding rocket lifts payloads less than 400 pounds into the upper atmosphere for scientific studies.
Tuesday's mission was meant to test a new canister ejection system designed to support studies of the ionosphere and aurora over a wider area. Canisters deploy at altitudes of 96 and 124 miles. Each canister is about the size of a soda can and releases strontium, barium and copper-oxide which interact to form vapor to form artificial clouds which glow blue-green and red.
The clouds are not dangerous and are similar to injecting a harmless die into a stream to study its currents and motion. The vapor released is made up of metals similar to those found in the fireworks we'll be enjoying in a few weeks.
Vapor tracers like these enable study the ionosphere where charged particles from the sun strip electrons off gas molecules leaving ions behind. The movement revealed by the vapor tracers is especially interesting because it is driven both by heating and cooling below as well as from electric fields generated by solar winds and the Earth's magnetic field from above.
Tonight's attempt was the seventh since May 31. Previous attempts were scrubbed due to clouds, high winds, and even a boat that had strayed into the area. The area of high pressure which brought warm temperatures to our area is hoped to bring the clear skies required for the launch.
Tony Rice is a volunteer in the NASA/JPL Solar System Ambassador program and software engineer at Cisco Systems. You can follow him on Twitter @rtphokie.
Update: Removed the background, I think it looks better without it. ^^
Alright, so here we go.I shed a lot of pony tears during this week, and I've got to say that maybe... I feel a little bit bad for it? I mean, who does make characters cry so much for... whatever reason there might be! I decided to make up for it then and close this surprisingly active week of mine with something positive and cheerful! And what's more cheerful and positive than shipping! So have some Twidash, guys! Or just two friends spending some quality time together over some Daring Do adventure book, if you please.Honestly, I'm not a big Twidash shipper myself. This was actually suggested to me by my friend, and I was like "yeah, it's shipping, I'm gonna do that". And then I realized that I have a bit of problem with seeing the deep chemistry between these two and come to struggling with ideas, because... well, I had none.in the meantime, I rewatched the episode Stranger Than Fan Fiction and immediately was like YAS. And I knew that I have to draw Dash and Twilight having some Daring Do theories discussion time, like every other true fans would do it! Y'know, cuz theories are... kinda our thing or... something? Anyway, I can totally imagine them doing this, Rainbow would be so into explaining all of her sudden theories to Twilight!It's so fun to explore character's relationships like that! Hope I'll get myself to do some more!
A potential buyer looks at a model of Riva, one of Sun Hung Kai's properties, in Hong Kong. Reuters/Bobby Yip The menacing fury of economic triggers that began piling up after the Great Recession are only getting larger and we can't do much but watch it unfold and stay alert.
I wrote about this in a letter late last year, but now here we are more than halfway through the year and it's only getting worse. So much worse that the Chinese property bubble is now.
The catalyst that will reset markets will likely be one large event that cascades across the globe. I'm convinced that what finally puts an end to central banker madness and the incessant stream of QE will be the Chinese real estate bubble.
Massive doesn't even begin to describe the situation with China's property market, but that's somewhat expected with a population of 1.4 billion people.
And as the chart below shows, the bubble keeps on getting bigger!
Economy & Markets
See, China has stepped firmly into Japan's slot as the economic force du jour of the Pacific Rim. In the 1980's, at the peak of its post-war boom, Japan dominated global markets and dove deeply into U.S. real estate.
At the peak of its stock and real estate bubble, in 1989, the Japanese were buying expensive, high-visibility properties hand-over-fist, from Pebble Beach to Rockefeller Center.
Of course, when the economic realities of Japan's demographic shift became impossible to ignore and its economy slowed drastically those properties sold to the highest bidder.
It was ugly and the end of a very impressive post-World War II boom. As bad as that was, the Chinese make the Japanese look prudent!
Chinese buyers are still bidding up the high end of the top coastal cities in English-speaking countries like prices will never go down and like they can't get enough.
We're talking all OVER the world from Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Auckland, Singapore, San Francisco, L.A., Vancouver, Toronto, New York, to London…
Advertising signs are seen near a high rise apartment building site in central Melbourne March 1, 2011. REUTERS/Mick Tsikas
These are considered the "Teflon-proof" markets, but they're not! "Teflon-proof." They're not!
In fact, they're some of the greatest bubbles that exist today. For the first quarter, residential prices in Shenzhen are up nearly 80% year-over-year, while those in Shanghai were up by roughly 65%, according to figures cited by Capital Economics analysts Mark Williams and Julian Evans-Pritchard in a recent note to clients.
Williams and Evans-Pritchard also point out that because of loosening lending standards introduced to keep the housing bubble going, China now looks alarmingly like the U.S. its before run-up to the subprime mortgage crisis.
Guess what happens when the bubble wealth in real estate that has built up in China finally collapses?
So does the capacity of the more affluent Chinese to buy real estate around the world. And these are the guys who have, by-and-large, been driving this global real estate bubble at the margin on the high end!
Bear in mind that Chinese real estate has been slowing and prices falling for over a year. That is precisely why China's stock market bubbled up 160% in less than one year. When Chinese investors realized they could no longer make easy money in the real estate bubble, they turned to stocks. And after the dumb money piled in, the Shanghai Composite stock index fell 42% in just 2.5 months!
What did the Chinese government do? What any government in denial would do - buy its own stock market with hundreds of billions of dollars! That's what the U.S. government did when its stock market crashed in late 1929. And sure enough, China's stocks are following the same pattern to a tee:
After that first crash, Chinese investors pulled back on their speculation in markets like New York and London. When you doubt your own economy, you feel less okay about speculating in others. It'll only get worse when their stock market drops dramatically again.
But broader, look at the steady decline in residential investment in China since 2010. This is the leading indicator of China's slowdown and the CPC continues underestimating its government-manipulated statistics.
It's gone from about 34% in 2010, down to near-zero at the start of the year.
China is going down. The China Beige Book (which is much more accurate) recently showed that, across the board, economic conditions are unraveling.
There will be no soft landing in China. It will bring down the entire world's unprecedented debt and real estate bubble. And it's only a matter of time…
There is now fresh espresso in space. (iStockphoto)
By MARCIA DUNN, AP Aerospace Writer
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — The International Space Station is finally serving up fresh Italian espresso.
Over the weekend, astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy fired up the world's first espresso machine in space. She posted a photo of herself on Twitter on Sunday, sipping from a cup designed for use in zero-gravity. For the special occasion, she put on her "Star Trek" uniform top. She couldn't resist tweeting the phrase, "to boldly brew."
Cristoforetti, who returns to Earth next week, almost didn't get any espresso. The experimental espresso maker, straight from Italy, was supposed to arrive in January, but didn't get to orbit until April because of a shipment backlog.
There's no word yet on how Cristoforetti liked the space brew. But it had to beat NASA's instant coffee, drunk by straw from a pouch.
Dalai Lama Speaks on Gay Sex / He says it's wrong for Buddhists but not for society
As he prepares to meet today with gay Buddhist leaders, the Dalai Lama has clarified his position on the morality of homosexuality for Buddhists and non-Buddhists.
"We have to make a distinction between believers and unbelievers," the exiled Tibetan leader said at a press conference yesterday in San Francisco. "From a Buddhist point of view, men-to-men and women-to-women is generally considered sexual misconduct.
"From society's viewpoint, mutually agreeable homosexual relations can be of mutual benefit, enjoyable and harmless."
His comments were an effort to clarify statements in a book -- "Beyond Dogma," published last year by North Atlantic Books in Berkeley -- that upset some gay Buddhists.
The Dalai Lama said the same Buddhist scripture that advises against gay and lesbian sex also urges heterosexuals to refrain from oral sex, anal sex and masturbation. "Even with your own wife, using one's mouth or the other hole is sexual misconduct," he said. "Using one's hand, that is sexual misconduct."
Steve Peskind, one of the gay Buddhists meeting with the Dalai Lama today, was disappointed with yesterday's remarks.
"We will be talking to him about the impact of these statements on homophobic violence," Peskind said. "What is proper sexual conduct for gay Buddhists, and who's going to teach us?"
The Tibetan leader noted that those same traditional texts that oppose oral and anal sex approve of vaginal sex with a prostitute.
Some Buddhists at yesterday's press conference said the Dalai Lama was hinting that those traditional Buddhist scriptures may need to be re-examined in a modern social context.
Despite his worldwide appeal and popularity, the Dalai Lama is not a "Buddhist pope" and does not have the authority to unilaterally change Buddhist teaching.
"When it comes to interpreting scripture, I can't undertake that on my own," he said. "We would need to have consultation with other Buddhist traditions."
The Dalai Lama was also asked to explain recent statements urging his followers to refrain from using a "protector deity," Dorje Shugden, in their meditation and devotional practices.
Devotees of that deity, a kind of Buddhist guardian angel, have accused the Dalai Lama of religious intolerance. The dispute is also thought to be connected to the slaying of three monks this year at the Dalai Lama's monastic palace in Dharmsala, India.
"Some people have made the worship of this spirit a dominant part of their religious life," the Dalai Lama said. "The Tibetan Buddhist tradition is very profound. We don't want to see it degenerate into spirit worship."
With his sixth Bellator headliner rapidly approaching, Cheick Kongo said he's on board with the company adjusting its policy when it comes to the length of main event fights.
Kongo (24-10-2 MMA, 6-2 BMMA), who will look to move one step closer to fighting for the vacant heavyweight championship at Bellator 161 when he participates in his third consecutive main event bout, this time against Tony Johnson (10-2 MMA, 2-0 BMMA), is open to the company following the UFC and moving to five-round non-title fights.
The Frenchman has gone the distance in all but one of his main event bouts with the promotion. He's come out on the winning end all but once. However, if he had two rounds and 10 more minutes of cage time to work with, he believes there would be more opportunity for a definitive result.
“It would be good (to move to five rounds) but I have no problem with three,” Kongo told MMAjunkie. “Three, five-minute rounds, we have to figure out how it goes for the best plan. More time would be better. But for me, it's just a fight no matter how long. It's still a fight.”
Bellator 161 takes place Friday at H-E-B Center in Cedar Park, Texas. Kongo vs. Johnson headlines the Spike-televised main card following prelims on MMAjunkie.
At 41 and with more than 15 years in the sport, Kongo is still going strong and working to keep relevant in the heavyweight division. Many believed his time as a notable fighter was over when his 18-fight UFC tenure came to an end following a knockout loss to Roy Nelson at UFC 159 in April 2013. He signed with Bellator after that, though, and has won six of eight fights thus far.
Meanwhile, Johnson, 30, is much younger in his career but has made a splash in just two fights with Bellator after beating former champ Alexander Volkov in his debut and scoring a third-round TKO of Rafael Butler in his sophomore appearance.
Johnson targeted Kongo as an opponent and specifically asked for the matchup. Kongo said he's not a fan of that approach, but as a veteran of nearly 40 pro fights has seen it all by this point. With that said, he would like to show Johnson some humility on fight night.
“I expected this fight because he called me out and put himself in position to make it happen,” Kongo said. “I want to make a statement. This guy wants to prove and show he is a contender, but he will be surprised, and I will get the shot for the title. It kind of pissed me off because he talked too much. I know it's the way to promote the fight, but you need to be respectful to make the fight. But it's a good matchup.”
Although Johnson has won six of his past seven fights, he has struggled to rally much in the way of fan support because of a less-than-riveting fighting style. Johnson takes a wrestling-heavy approach to the fight game, routinely attempting to press his opponents against the cage and grind them out with clinch work and takedowns.
Kongo said he's encountered this type of fighter before, though, and has even implemented the same strategy himself from time to time. Because of that, he said he's confident he knows how to stop it.
“He will try to grab me and take me down; that's what he's going to try to do,” Kongo said. “If you look at his previous fights, that's what he did before. He won't stand up with strikers. He will do the same with me – that's what I am expecting. Nothing can surprise me. On my way I've fought the best in my division. He's going to try and take you down and lay on you, but if I win, I won't do that. I won't lay on you.
“I won't be surprised by him,” he continued. “If he surprises me, it will be because he will show some skills he hasn't shown before, but all his fights in Bellator, they are the same. My job is to avoid his situation and make it a striking fight.”
Getting past Johnson at Bellator 161 would be a significant moment for Kongo because it would likely put him at the front of the queue to fight for the vacant heavyweight belt, which was stripped from Vitaly Minakov earlier this year. The organization hasn't announced any formal plans for the championship at this point, but if Kongo is routinely picking up wins in main event fights, he sees no way he would be excluded in the fight to determine the next champion.
“It would be nice to be in line right away,” Kongo said. “To fight for the title would be – wow, it would be awesome. I want to fight for it not just for myself but for the fans. If they want to put me in position, they will see me win.”
For more on Bellator 161, check out the MMA Rumors section of the site.
The noble gas argon has been detected in the coma of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko for the first time, thanks to the ROSINA mass spectrometer on-board Rosetta. Its detection is helping scientists to understand the processes at work during the comet's formation, and adds to the debate about the role of comets in delivering various ‘ingredients' to Earth.
The new results are reported in Science Advances today and describe data collected on 19, 20, 22, and 23 October 2014, when the comet was around 465 million km (3.1 AU) from the Sun, and Rosetta was in a 10 km orbit around the comet.
During the time spent close to the comet, the ROSINA instrument was able to take an inventory of the key constituents of the comet's coma, with many ingredients already reported (see links at end of article). Determining the chemical make-up of comets is a necessary step to understanding their role in bringing water and other ingredients to the inner planets during the Solar System's early history.
The so-called noble gases (helium, neon, argon, krypton, xenon, and radon) rarely react chemically with other elements to form molecules, mostly remaining in a stable atomic state, representative of the environment around a young star in which planets, comets, and asteroids are born.
In addition, their abundance and isotopic compositions can be compared to the values known for Earth and Mars, and for the solar wind and meteorites, for example. The relative abundance of noble gases in the atmospheres of terrestrial planets is largely controlled by the early evolution of the planets, including outgassing via geological processes, atmospheric loss, and/or delivery by asteroid or cometary bombardment. Thus the study of noble gases in comets can also provide information on these processes.
However, noble gases are very easily lost from comets through sublimation, and so this first detection of argon at Comet 67P/C-G is a key discovery. Not only that, but it is also an important step in determining if comets of this type played any significant role in the noble gas inventory of the terrestrial planets.
Scientists analysing data from ROSINA's high-resolution Double Focusing Mass Spectrometer (DFMS) identified argon, along with other gases, in the coma spectra of Comet 67P/C-G in October 2014. They identified 36Ar and 38Ar, yielding an isotopic ratio for 36Ar/38Ar of 5.4 ± 1.4, which is compatible with Solar System values: for Earth, this isotopic ratio is 5.3, while for the solar wind it is 5.5.
The relative abundance of argon to other gases was also investigated. For example, the abundance of argon relative to water vapour was determined to be between 0.1 x 10^–5 and 2.3 x 10^–5, the range of values measured being due to variable solar illumination, which influences the rate of water sublimation on different parts of the comet nucleus.
“Even though the argon signal is very low overall, this unambiguous first in-situ detection of a noble gas at the comet demonstrates the impressive sensitivity of our instrument,” says Professor Kathrin Altwegg, principal investigator of the ROSINA instrument at the University of Bern.
“The argon-to-water ratio varied by more than a factor of 20. While the very volatile argon can escape under any conditions, water sublimation depends strongly on the amount of sunlight being received, and so with it the argon-to-water ratio,” explains Professor Hans Balsiger, also from the University of Bern, and lead author of the paper reporting the discovery.
“In contrast, the relative abundance of argon to molecular nitrogen is quite stable – explained by the fact that argon and nitrogen have similar high volatilities.”
Although the measured abundance of argon-to-water spans a wide range, it still has implications for the question of whether comets brought water to Earth. That is because the argon-to-water ratio at Earth is only 6.5 x 10^–8, several orders of magnitude lower than observed for 67P/C-G.
“The relatively high argon content of Comet 67P/C-G compared with Earth again argues against a cometary origin for terrestrial water, in an independent way to the similar finding indicated by the earlier ROSINA result on the deuterium-to-hydrogen ratio for 67P/C-G,” comments Hans.
The argon detection can also be used to learn about the conditions in which the comet formed.
“The argon we detected comes from inside the icy nucleus of the comet; the nature of that ice – how, when, and where it formed – determines how it captured and subsequently released the gases we are measuring” says Kathrin.
The two simplest forms of ice are crystalline and amorphous. These form at different temperatures and pressures, capturing and releasing gases in different ways. Argon, nitrogen, carbon monoxide, along with the heavier noble gases krypton and xenon are particularly useful for distinguishing between the various possibilities, because they remain in the same condition as when they were first incorporated into the comet.
Models can be used to predict how readily highly-volatile gases were incorporated into the icy grains that grew at low temperature in the protosolar nebula. These models show that the high abundance of argon at Comet 67P/C-G and the good correlation with nitrogen are both consistent with the comet forming in the cold outer reaches of the Solar System.
Almost a year has passed since these argon data were collected. Now that the comet has passed perihelion, its closest point to the Sun along its orbit, the density of the coma has increased greatly, implying that searches for even rarer gases should be possible.
However, the increased activity of 67P/C-G means that Rosetta cannot fly close to the comet without running into navigation issues, and therefore it is currently operating at distances greater than 350 km from the comet's nucleus: this week, it has embarked on a trajectory taking it 1500 km from the comet in order to study the wider coma and plasma environment.
The ROSINA team are therefore eagerly waiting for Rosetta to return to closer distances as activity dies down in the coming months, in order to continue their investigation of the noble gases – including searching for krypton and xenon – to add further insights into the part played by comets in the delivery of these ingredients to Earth.
The paper “Detection of argon in the coma of comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko,” by H. Balsiger et al is published online in Science Advances.
Related ROSINA blog articles:
The perfume of 67P/C-G
Rosetta fuels debate on origin of Earth's oceans
Rosetta makes first detection of molecular nitrogen at a comet
Comet's coma composition varies significantly over time
Rosina tastes the comet's gases
About ROSINA
ROSINA is the Rosetta Orbiter Spectrometer for Ion and Neutral Analysis instrument and comprises two mass spectrometers: the Double Focusing Mass Spectrometer (DFMS) and the Reflectron Time of Flight mass spectrometer (RTOF) – and the COmetary Pressure Sensor (COPS). The measurements reported here were conducted with DFMS. The ROSINA team is led by Kathrin Altwegg of the University of Bern, Switzerland.
The season-16 winner headed to Cambodia to meet the returning contestants and discover where the idols will be found.
All aboard the Survivor: Second Chance express. Our destination: Koh Rong, Cambodia. Population: an estimated 1,100 people. None of our castaways will have a chance to meet any of these locals, however, as they compete for a second time in hopes of doing what they failed to do the first time — win.
For me, thankfully, the pressure's off. I'm not competing this time; I'm part of the press. I've signed up for nearly 20 hours of flying, four hours of driving in a sweltering van on a bumpy dirt road, followed by a two-hour boat ride to this season's Survivor location.
That's how much I love this game and these people. I can hardly contain my excitement.
After two days of travel, my crew and I arrive at what will be our island home for the next week and a half. We're working to produce the preview specials for Survivor: Second Chance.
I'm completely jet-lagged as I drag my travel-weary body out of bed to make our 4:30 a.m. call time to greet the contestants at Ponderosa. Today is interview day. We're going to talk strategy and get the scoop on what everyone's really thinking. I know many of these people, and I'm beyond curious to find out who wants to align with whom, and how these guys are going to change up their gameplay this time.
My adrenaline kicks in, waking me up as we hit the beach and get started.
As we cruise through the interviews, we are in a constant battle with the weather. It's rainy season in Cambodia, and that means the day vacillates from sweltering, unbearable heat to torrential downpours. We take many long breaks to keep the equipment safe and the contestants dry.
'Survivor: Second Chance' contestants arrive.
By the time the sun is setting, we've only spoken to about half of the cast. This means we'll have to return tomorrow for the rest of the interviews and cast photos. I'm exhausted, but I know that my fatigue doesn't remotely compare to what our contestants must be feeling. They've been through an emotional whirlwind — from competing for America's vote, to being chosen on live TV, to immediately boarding a bus and traveling to Cambodia, to doing all of the pre-game interviews with producers and press. And, all the while, they aren't able to speak to one another or any of their loved ones at home.
It's clear to me after our first round of interviews that they are all bursting out of their skin to get this game started!
I crash under my mosquito net, praying that the gigantic spider who's taken up residence in my bathroom stays put. I barely sleep a wink.
The morning light struggles to break through the thick cloud covering around 5 a.m. as we head back to Ponderosa to wrap up interviews. Today, the weather cooperates much better. It's less rainy, but it's hot. It's so hot, we have to take regular breaks to find shade. I guzzle water in an attempt to keep up with the amount of sweat that's pouring from my body. This season, the elements are going to be grueling. I say a silent prayer for my friends going out there to compete.
Shallow (at top) assists a teammate during the challenge.
Later that afternoon, we say goodbye to the contestants and board a large motorboat to take us to challenge beach. At Jeff Probst's request, all the members of the press are going to test out the first challenge of the season. It's an awesome throwback to the first season of Survivor with a few twists. I love it, and I believe [season one's] Kelly Wigglesworth will appreciate this one as well.
While my team doesn't win the challenge, I do manage to score a hidden immunity idol. One of the twists this season is that idols are hidden at challenges. This complicates things in a big way. As a player, are you brave enough to go for the idol in plain sight? Or do you play it safe and let the opportunity go?
It's been a big day of talking strategy with contestants and competing in challenges. Time for a quick night swim in the gorgeous Gulf of Thailand. The water is perfect. It's just me, the millions of stars and the flying fish enjoying the night. A big fat smile spreads across my face. I feel so connected to this land.
The next few days are a swirly, colorful composite of interviewing, checking out the art department, playing in more challenges, ocean swimming and mingling with old friends from the production crew. I'm loving my time in this beautiful country, and at the same time, I'm thinking about my friends at Ponderosa. They must be so anxious to get started. I'd be going absolutely nuts with all this downtime.
Shallow (in white hat) cheers on her teammate during the challenge.
Finally, the moment we've all been waiting for arrives. The press crew excitedly jumps in a boat and speeds off toward the grand show opening, lovingly dubbed “the marooning” by production.
We arrive to a massive scene set in the middle of the ocean. The water is clear as crystal and separates itself into layers of turquoise and deep sapphire. There isn't a cloud in the sky as Jeff Probst steps out onto the deck of a large pirate ship stocked with supplies — pots, cooking utensils, coconuts, bananas, chickens — for our castaways. After being divided into two tribes, they will have mere moments to grab as much as they can from the boat before racing toward another boat that houses a huge bag of rice.
This is going to be fun!
As Jeff stands at the helm, our contestants slowly pull up toward the pirate ship. The moment is thick. Everyone is silent, and as I take it all in, it seems that time comes to a complete stop.
The heavy silence is broken when Jeff begins to speak. He tosses out buffs, and this game is on!
I don't think any of the contestants notice me standing quietly in the safety of the floating barge that holds the press and a few intently focused cameramen. The thought crosses my mind that these cameramen may be feeling the pressure just as much as the contestants. In Survivor, there aren't any retakes — for anyone.
As any Survivor fan knows, the game rewards those who make bold choices and seize opportunity as it arises. This game will be no different. With the new twists and a cast of returnees, the game will demand every ounce of mental, physical and spiritual energy these players and producers have.
After my time watching it all get going, I'm even more amped up for the show to begin.
Views of a nudity-friendly spa were not in this white glove condo's offering plan!
So the board of the buttoned-up Ritz Tower at 465 Park Ave. is suing the neighboring Galleria Building at 115-117 E. 57th St. to block construction of Manhattan's first location of the popular Spa Castle chain.
The luxe residential skyscraper's board sniffs in a new Manhattan Supreme Court suit​ ​that the mega-spa's bathing in the buff policy “violates public morals​.”
The board of ​the ​condo, where a four​-​bedroom goes for $3.6 million, also gripes that rooftop construction the Galleria violates a 1974 easement that prevents its neighbor from building higher than 82.35 feet.
Spa Castle's cabana-style roof, parapet walls, protruding hot tubs and foot-soaking stations violate the restriction, according to court papers.
The permanent easement grants the Ritz residents “unrestricted light, air and view over a portion of the Galleria Building,” the suit says. ​​
The 129-unit condo overlooks a part of the Galleria where Spa Castle will take up the seventh, eight and ninth floors as well as the rooftop.
The pre-war tower is home to playwright Neil Simon and corporate raider Guy Wyser-Pratte.
After the board sent a cease and desist letter in September construction only accelerated, the suit says, with work beginning as early as 7:00 a.m. on Sundays.
The Park Ave. tower is suing to force Spa-Castle to abide by the height restrictions and for additional compensation.
Unlike the Ritz residents many Manhattanites welcomed the news that Spa Castle would be opening in the borough later this month. The zen center has a Queens outpost where nudity is only allowed in indoor sections segregated by gender.
A rep for the Galleria and Spa Castle did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
You don't have to parade around in Gladiator armour waving a sword to take part in something epic. Nor do you have to snog Leonardo Di Caprio on a sinking ship or run around telling people that frankly you don't give a damn.
The term ‘epic' is often applied to stories and films which are unapologetically dramatic and, let's face it, too long to sit through without becoming glaringly aware of how uncomfortable your seat is. But epicness has quite another meaning when it comes to your own life story.
Your story may already be a successful one. You may already have a loving family, a good circle of friends, perhaps a nice income or even your own business. But how do you take all that to the next level of success? The answer is epicness.
What Is Epicness?
All human beings are driven by a set of needs that must be fulfilled in order to be safe and happy. Many sociologists, psychologists and self-improvement gurus have varied and expounded on the hierarchy, but all seem to agree on the essence of these needs.
Once you've covered the lowest rungs of the ladder of needs, including physical and emotional security, love, self-esteem and personal growth, it's time to take it to the next level – the level you need to become EPIC!
So what's the top need? Self-transcendence. Let's put that in plain English. It's about going beyond mere personal success. It might be having a mission that is perhaps spiritual or makes a contribution to the world which goes beyond yourself.
Epicness is ultimately achieved when your activity transcends your own personal concerns and actually reaches out and touches and influences other people in a positive way.
What Does It Take To Become Epic?
Now this self-transcendence business is not just about giving a standing order to charity, making your wife coffee every morning or leaving an inheritance for your kids. Those things are great, but to achieve Epicness, those things will not quite cut it.
If you want to become truly epic, you have to live and breathe contribution to others, involving it in everything you do. The ultimate way to do that? Make it part of your life's mission – have a blueprint for life that transcends you and your immediate concerns.
When you write out your mission statement or personal manifesto, include a goal that will make a desirable difference to the world. It could be an invention, a way of teaching, the foundation of a charity, a website or a book to help others.
If you don't yet have a fixed goal, you can at least commit to a daily attitude of contribution and transcending selfish desires. This means taking into account the whole of mankind when you go about your daily life and pursue your goals. Live by a rule of always checking that what you do will contribute positively to the world around you in a real and healthy way. This attitude and behaviour is one that produces epic results.
If you work hard enough at contributing, you may even leave the world the fruit of true epicness – a legacy that will live on after you. So, no need for a suit of armour, a rubber dinghy, or growing a Gable-esque moustache. Unless you want to do those things, of course. Instead, I'll leave you with the words of a truly epic man:
“We are here for the sake of each other. Many times a day I realize how much my own outer and inner life is built upon the labours of my fellow men, both living and dead, and how earnestly I must exert myself in order to give in return as much as I have received…Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.” – Albert Einstein
A man is seriously injured in hospital after being shot in the face in Tottenham.
Armed police were called to High Road at 9.55pm on Tuesday following reports a man walked into a shop and claimed he had been shot.
Officers and paramedics attended the scene and did not find the victim, but discovered an incident had taken placed in Lordship Lane.
Minutes later, police were called to reports of an abandoned vehicle in Lordship Lane and three men were seen fleeing the area.
Police were later contacted by staff at a north London hospital, stating a 26-year-old man had been brought in with gunshot injuries to his face.
A Metropolitan Police Service spokesman said the man's injuries are not thought to be life-threatening.
No arrests have been made and officers from the Trident and Area Crime Command are continuing to investigate.
Anyone with information should call the Trident and Area Crime Command on 0208 217 7383 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
There's one phrase I've seen used over and over again since the Cubs lost Game 5 of the NLCS on Thursday night: “Theo has a lot of work to do.”
The question is, how accurate is that statement?
The truth is, all front offices have a lot of work to do in the winter. And yes, the Cubs do have several things to address if they want to get back to the World Series in 2018.
In no particular order, this team's winter wish list probably includes:
1 or 2 starting pitchers
2 or 3 relievers
another bat (leadoff or middle of the order)
In addition to that list, Theo and Company will have plenty of trade opportunities to sift through. Will they try to trade Ben Zobrist and eat half of the deal? (Ed. note: Zo has a full no-trade). Will they dangle guys like Ian Happ or Kyle Schwarber for a blockbuster trade? And because of the bullpen issues, will they go against their own policy and pay Wade Davis commensurate with other elite closers?
“Going into the off-season and keeping an open mind for some tough decisions, is appropriate,” Epstein said during Friday's press conference. “We've really benefited from having two or three extra starting caliber players on the roster. That's as big a part of the club as anything.
“Sooner or later you reach a point where you have to consider sacrificing some of that depth to address other needs on the club. I think we're entering the phase where we have to be really open to that if it makes the outlook of the team and the organization better.”
That indicates a trade or two could be coming, setting up a very interesting winter. Paramount among any moves the Cubs make, either in the trade or free agency markets, is relief pitching.
“The bullpen is a clear need,” Epstein said. “We have some work to do in the ‘pen. The biggest factor is just the walks. We were 30 out of 30 teams this year in unintentional walk rate. That's not acceptable. We had the third-best bullpen ERA in the National League, but we didn't do it in a comfortable way to get there.
“We're going to prioritize finding some pure strike-throwers out of the bullpen. But the guys we have, we've got to find a ways to get them locked in.”
A lot of fans expect the Cubs to go after a leadoff hitter this winter, but Epstein would like everyone to pump the brakes on that assumption.
“The leadoff hitter thing, it's always nice to have an established leadoff hitter,” he said. “In certain situations depending on your outlook, it can start to slide toward luxury, not necessity. I would rather have one, but I'm not going to sit here and say by Opening Day we'll have one. We scored the second-most runs in the league this year without a true leadoff hitter.
“More important than identifying one guy, we have to continue on that arc, that will lead to tough, consistent, team at bats where we perform with situational hitting, and a dependable 2-strike approach, and where we're no fun to pitch against.
“To be a consistent championship organization, you have to get to a point where your at bats are so mature and so consistent that you even give the good pitchers fits,” Epstein continued. “If we're honest about it, we didn't get to that point this year. We're young but we still need to progress. We can't just count on experience. We have to look ourselves in the eye as an organization.”
Make no mistake about it, this team was no match for the Los Angeles Dodgers. Corey Seager didn't even play, and the Cubs were still crushed in every aspect of the game. That clearly means the members of the front office have their work cut out for them. But despite all of that, this franchise is still in excellent shape and it may not take nearly as much as what many people think to get them right back in championship contention next season.
For most teams, the work needed in the winter is to try and make their team a contender, or to continue rebuilding for the future. Only a handful of teams are trying to make moves to solidify a World Champion, and that is the category the Cubs fit in.
The starting rotation returns at least Jon Lester, Kyle Hendricks, and Jose Quintana. The lineup will include young studs Kris Bryant, Anthony Rizzo, and Willson Contreras. There's a ton of young talent to either keep or trade to fill other holes — Javy Baez, Addison Russell, Albert Almora Jr. Kyle Schwarber, Ian Happ. How many teams would beg for that kind of talent, youth, and depth to have at their disposal?
The point is, the core is in place. Even after getting smashed in a series, some perspective is needed: The Chicago Cubs have been the most successful team in the majors over the last three years. They've won more playoff games from 2015-17 than they won from 1909-2014, combined. This is the golden age of Cubs baseball. And with all of that success, they still have their core locked up for years to come. They still have Theo Epstein running the ship. They have options, resources, and a group of players that won't be satisfied with just one championship.
“The identity of this organization has changed,” Epstein said. “To have disappointment when it's the third year you've reached the NLCS, that shows how the bar has been set, and that's a great thing. This is steam you can count on to play in October, play deep into October, and you like their chances of winning those games. That's a hard-fought identity, and I'm very proud of that.”
Is there a lot of work to do this winter? Absolutely. But it's the good kind, the kind Cubs fans have dreamed about for a century. Let the work begin.
Everywhere you go these days, people are talking about the future of transportation. Inevitably, conversations broach the concept of self-driving cars. Who will be the first to the finish line? Who will command the market? What will it be like? How will our world change? How safe will the cars be?
When it comes to the technology behind self driving cars, the safety aspect is always the first and foremost concern, understandably. No one wants to be driving around in a car that could veer out of control at any second. The stakes are high and the pressure is on for scientists to create a car that is safe, efficient and reliable.
In order to help reach that final goal, to create a world of driverless cars, the National Science Foundation has awarded the University at Buffalo and partners a $1.2 million grant. The grant will help to create a “a multifaceted research facility for self-driving and connected cars.” UB will be pitching in $500K as part of matching funds.
The project is led by Chunming Qiao, PhD, professor and chair of the Department of Computer Science and Engineering (CSE) at UB. Partner organizations include Carnegie Mellon University, Cisco Systems and Southwest Research Institute.
“This significant award is a statement of confidence in the innovative work happening right here at the University at Buffalo,” said Congressman Brian Higgins.
Unbeknown to many, UB already has a significant stake in the transportation game, with driving, traffic and wireless networking simulators. These existing components will become part of a larger research platform dubbed iCAVE2 (Instrument for Connected and Autonomous Vehicle Evaluation and Experimentation). iCAVE2 will be synched to “a gadget-equipped vehicle, sensors and other instruments” that will be installed along a one-mile stretch of road at the North Campus.
Who would have thought that the North Campus would finally properly make good use of its rural environment? The campus is the perfect track and testing ground due to its remote location – even if it is a simulation.
“The grant builds upon the University at Buffalo's robust and interdisciplinary research enterprise that works to make traffic systems smarter, safer and more sustainable,” said Liesl Folks, PhD, dean of UB's School of Engineering and Applied Sciences. “It also gives us additional tools to engage with industry, nonprofits and other organizations.”
The simulators will create virtual driving scenarios, while recording the reactions of drivers, which will then be used to modify the systems.
“Traditionally, driving simulators and road testing facilities have operated independently of each other” said Qiao. “With iCAVE2, we are bridging that gap and creating a space where academia, information technology companies, automakers and other industries can evaluate and validate their products. The platform is designed to answer questions that relate to the safety, efficiency and sustainability of traffic systems where, increasingly, humans allow machines to do the work.”
According to a UB News Release, the project is another good fit for the university when it comes to transportation studies. This latest research initiative ties in with the Institute for Sustainable Transportation and Logistics (ISTL) and the UB-headquartered Transportation Informatics Tier 1 University Transportation Center – both are led by Adel Sadek, PhD, professor of Civil, Structural and Environmental Engineering (CSEE) at UB.
To think that Buffalo is not only making significant world advancements with Solar City, it is also now a part of the future of driverless cars. It's an exciting time to be a part of all of these technological advancements, as they pertain to global industrial achievements.
Sadek and the following UB researchers are co-principal investigators of grant: Qing He, PhD, the Stephen Still Assistant Professor in Transportation Engineering and Logistics, affiliated with both CSEE and the Department of Industrial and Systems Engineering (ISE) at UB; Kevin Hulme, PhD, senior research associate at UB's Motion Simulation Laboratory; Dimitrios Koutsonikolas, PhD, CSE associate professor; Changxu Wu, PhD, ISE associate professor and CSE adjunct associate professor; and Lukasz Ziarek, PhD, CSE assistant professor.
Photographer: Douglas Levere | Driving Simulators in CEDAS, Furnes Hall
Lagos, Nigeria, the most populous city in Africa, reported its first confirmed case of the Ebola virus. (CC/Stefan Magdalinski)
LAGOS, Nigeria, July 25 (UPI) -- The first case of the Ebola virus in Lagos, Nigeria, was confirmed after the death of a man who collapsed while arriving at Logos' airport.
The most populous city in Africa now has a confirmed case of the highly contagious virus that has spread across three countries and killed at least 660 people in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia since it was first diagnosed in February. Abdulsalami Nasidi, project director at the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, attributed the death of Patrick Sawyer, 40, to the Ebola virus. Sawyer traveled from Sierra Leone to Nigeria, with a stop in Togo. His sister is believed to have died of exposure to Ebola.
The virus, which causes fever, then internal and external bleeding, has thus come to an urban area after it spread across a wide, but rural, geographical area. There is no known cure, and weak national health systems and easy travel across borders have hindered efforts to contain it.
Authorities in Lagos said they sought the passenger manifest of the plane Sawyer was on, to warn the other passengers. They also began providing protective garments to local health care workers.
Devyn has been training to herd sheep at Ewe-topia in Roy, WA. This place is fabulous. They have lots of sheep and ducks that are patient enough to put up with being bossed around by dogs who have no idea what they are doing. The owners, Linda and Joe, as well as their crew, take the time to endlessly encourage pups to chase the sheep, and then they work their way towards teaching the dogs commands and the proper way to herd animals. “Any dog can herd,” they say, and Devyn is certainly no exception! She has great instinct, and she will soon be a pro!
This was her 5th time in the pen with the sheep. The very first time she went (some time in January), I chased the sheep with her to show her that it was a good thing, that this was what she was supposed to do. The next couple of times, she ran after them, but really had no idea what to do with them. This time, though, she knew. She bossed those sheep around and even a bit at them if they weren't listening (that's a good thing, Joe said. Got to show the sheep who's in charge).
The pvc pipe might look a little intimidating, but I'm proud of how Deyvn has gotten used to it. She's usually scared of things like that, but she reached the point where it was nothing but annoying, and even gave her signature frustrated yip when it would come near her as if to say “would you get that thing away from me, I'm herding here!”
The biting thing, if you are curious, is a fine line. Some dogs are naturally more confident and aggressive from the beginning. These dogs have to be discouraged from making contact with the sheep, as they could cause them harm. Other dogs, like Devyn, are encouraged to bite because they need to convince the sheep that they're in charge. Devyn could easily be ignored by the sheep if they realize she isn't a real threat.
If Devyn excels at herding, plenty of trials and competitions are out there for her to master, but for now, this is a great form of exercise, and a superb way at tiring Devyn out and making her one extremely satisfied pup.
Photos in this post compliments of Jake Cihla, 2013.
Advertisements
Republican presidential candidates threw red meat at South Carolina's powerful evangelical voting bloc Friday, successively denouncing the landmark Supreme Court decision legalizing marriage equality and vowing to protect Americans who oppose same-sex nuptials on religious grounds.
The candidates all began their remarks at the Faith and Family Presidential Forum in Greenville, South Carolina, by talking about the role faith plays in their lives before moving onto a robust charge against constitutional separation of church and state — a phrase first used by Thomas Jefferson and subsequently repeated by the U.S. Supreme Court as an interpretation of the First Amendment.
“That phraseology is not from the Constitution,” said Florida Sen. Marco Rubio of the “separation” concept. “I”m not a gambler but I'd take that bet.”
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush struck a similar note in his remarks an hour earlier. “For anybody to suggest that we have to keep it in our church… I think is wrong and misses the whole point of the American experience.”
WATCH: Carson on Cruz rumors: They were devastating
The idea of being able to practice one's faith outside of church is frequently cited by so-called “religious freedom” advocates, who believe religious business owners and, in some cases, government employees have the right to turn away same-sex couples hoping to marry. Every Republican presidential candidate speaking Friday vowed to expand this understanding of religious freedom in the wake of last year's Supreme Court decision legalizing nationwide marriage equality.
view photo essay The presidential campaign: Ben Carson's meteoric rise has been followed by a rather steady fall.
“Everybody, according to our Constitution, should be treated equally and should have the same rights. But nobody gets extra rights. Nobody gets the right to redefine everything for everyone else and then make them conform to that,” Carson said of the 2015 Obergefell decision, which made marriage equality the law of the land.
“There are people of faith who believe marriage is between one man and woman … who are being prosecuted,” he continued. “We cannot tolerate that.”
The event marked an important opportunity for the four candidates on the docket — including Carson, Bush, Rubio, and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz — to court evangelical voters one day before the CBS Republican presidential debate in Greenville, South Carolina, and eight days before the first-in-the-South GOP primary, in which social conservatives and religious voters play an outsize role. In 2012, 65 percent of South Carolina primary voters said they identified as evangelical Christians, according to exit polls.
For both Carson and Cruz, Friday's event marked the second time this campaign cycle that the candidates have spoken at Bob Jones University — a school that became a flash point in the 2000 Republican presidential primary over its longstanding ban on interracial dating and history of anti-Catholicism. Bob Jones University dropped the controversial dating ban shortly after George W. Bush came under fire from his rivals for speaking there without criticizing the school's policies. It still has numerous strict rules on the books, such as a prohibition on “physical contact between unmarried men and women” and a ban on clothing labels “that glorify the lustful spirit of our age in their advertising.”
If elected, Carson, Bush, and Rubio all said Friday they would immediately throw their weight behind the First Amendment Defense Act (FADA) — a bill that would prohibit the federal government from taking “any discriminatory action” against a person who acts in accordance with a religious opposition to same-sex marriage or premarital sex. FADA defines “person” very broadly to include for-profit organizations, and “discriminatory action” as the revocation of tax-exempt status or the termination of federal contracts.
The issue is especially relevant for anyone affiliated with Bob Jones University, which lost its tax-exempt status in 1983 after failing to convince the Supreme Court that the IRS could not punish schools that “engage in racial discrimination on the basis of sincerely held religious beliefs.” That case galvanized the religious right and is now often cited in warnings about what may happen to institutions that discriminate against same-sex couples on the basis of sincerely held religious beliefs.
RELATED: Religious freedom like you've never seen it
“Embedded in [the Obergefell] decision,” Bush said Friday, is the danger that “people of faith might lose their tax exempt status.” Many legal scholars disagree, however, noting that the principle in the Bob Jones decision has never been extended to strip all-women's colleges of their tax-exempt statuses. It would, therefore, be unlikely for the IRS to go after churches and other institutions that discriminate based on sexual orientation.
In line with their attacks on Obergefell, the candidates also all stressed the importance of appointing conservative Supreme Court justices to the bench. Rubio said he wished the court was made up of nine justices like Clarence Thomas and Antonin Scalia — “instead of only two.” Carson, meanwhile, said lifetime appointments to the Supreme Court needed to be “reexamined.” Asked how he would select Supreme Court justices, Carson quoted Scripture: “By their fruits, you will know them.”
The event moderators played for each of the candidates one of several “sting” videos edited to show Planned Parenthood executives casually discussing the process of donating fetal tissue for medical research. (David Daleiden, who made and released the videos, was recently indicted by a Texas grand jury on felony charges.) After viewing the video, Rubio criticized Planned Parenthood's “atrocious practices”; Bush said it made him “sick to [his] stomach”; and Carson called it “disgusting.”
“How can God bless a society that has no regard for human life and that is selling body parts? I mean, it is unbelievable,” said Carson. “It's unbelievable.”
In 1998, two teams of scientists announced a shocking discovery: the expansion of the Universe was accelerating. Distant galaxies weren't just receding from us, but their recession speed was increasing over time. Over the next few years, precision measurements of three independent quantities -- distant galaxies containing type Ia supernovae, the fluctuation pattern in the cosmic microwave background, and large-scale correlations between galaxies at a variety of distances -- all supported and confirmed this picture. The leading explanation? That there's a new form of energy inherent to space itself: dark energy. The case is so strong that no one reasonably doubts the evidence, but many teams have made alternative cases for the explanation, claiming that dark energy itself could be an illusion.
To understand whether this could be the case, we need to walk through four straightforward steps:
What a Universe without dark energy would look like, What our Universe actually looks like, What alternative explanations have been offered up, And to evaluate whether any of them could legitimately work?
In science, as in all things, it's pretty easy to offer a "what if..." alternative scenario to the leading idea. But can it stand up to scientific rigor? That's the crucial test.
Well before we conceived of dark energy, all the way back in the 1920s and 1930s, scientists derived how the entire Universe could have evolved within General Relativity. If you assumed that space, on the largest scales, was uniform -- with the same density and temperature everywhere -- there were only three viable scenarios to describe a Universe that was expanding today. If you fill a Universe with matter and radiation, like ours appears to be, gravity will fight the expansion, and the Universe can:
expand up to a point, reach a maximum size, and then begin contracting, eventually leading to a total recollapse.
expand and slow down somewhat, but gravitation is insufficient to ever stop or reverse it, and so it will eternally expand into the great cosmic abyss.
expand, with gravitation and the expansion balancing each other perfectly, so the expansion rate and the recession speed of everything asymptotes to zero, but never reverses.
Those were the three classic fates of the Universe: big crunch, big freeze, or a critical Universe, which was right on the border between the two.
But then the crucial observations came in, and it turns out the Universe did none of those three things. For the first six billion years or so after the Big Bang, it appeared we lived in a critical Universe, with the initial expansion and the effects of gravitational attraction balancing one another almost perfectly. But when the density of the Universe dropped below a certain amount, a surprise emerged: distant galaxies began speeding up, away from us and one another. This cosmic acceleration was unexpected, but robust, and has continued at the same rate ever since, for the past 7.8 billion years.
Why was this happening? The current, known forms of energy in the Universe -- particles, radiation and fields -- can't account for it. So scientists hypothesized a new form of energy, dark energy, that could cause the Universe's expansion to accelerate. There could be a new field that permeates all space causing it; it could be the zero-point energy of the quantum vacuum; it could be Einstein's cosmological constant from General Relativity. Current and planned observatories and experiments are looking for possible signatures that would distinguish or search for departures from any of these potential explanations, but so far all are consistent with being the true nature of dark energy.
But alternatives have been proposed as well. Adding a new type of energy to the Universe should be a last resort to explain a new observation, or even a new suite of observations. A lot of people were skeptical of its existence, so scientists began asking the question of what else could be occurring? What could mimic these effects? A number of possibilities immediately emerged:
Perhaps the distant supernovae weren't the same as nearby ones, and were inherently fainter?
Perhaps there was something about the environments in which the supernovae occurred that changed?
Perhaps the distant light, en-route, was undergoing an interaction that caused it to fail to reach our eyes?
Perhaps a new type of dust existed, making these distant objects appear systematically fainter?
Or could it be that the assumption on which these models are founded -- that the Universe is, on the largest scales, perfectly uniform -- is flawed enough that what appears to be dark energy is simply the "correct" prediction of Einstein's theory?
The light-blocking, light-losing, or systematic light-differences scenarios have all been ruled out by multiple approaches, as even if supernovae were removed from the equation entirely, the evidence for dark energy would still be overwhelming. With precision measurements of the cosmic microwave background, baryon acoustic oscillations, and the large-scale structures that form and fail-to-form in our Universe, the case that the Universe's expansion rate is changing in the fashion we've measured is beyond reproach.
But what about that last possibility? The Universe, after all, isn't perfectly uniform. It has huge overdense regions: cosmic filaments, giant galaxy clusters, individually bound galaxies, stars, planets, dust clouds, and even black holes, not to mention dark matter. It has underdense regions: cosmic voids that have practically no stars or galaxies inside, stretching for up to tens of millions of light years. And if the Universe is non-uniform -- and in particular, if it went from a more uniform state to a more non-uniform state over time -- perhaps what we're seeing as dark energy is a mere misinterpretation of the energy in these imperfections?
That was the idea of a new paper, published just a few weeks ago, by Gábor Rácz and collaborators. Or, more accurately, that's an old idea that comes up every few years, that gets publicized, and that is still ruled out. Why is it ruled out? Because the effects of these inhomogeneities on cosmic expansion has been quantified, and the results have been known for many years. The big conclusions one can draw are:
Cosmic imperfections contribute like spatial curvature, which leaves them unable to cause an accelerated-expansion-like effect.
They contribute less than 0.01% to the expansion rate at all times, even extrapolating billions of years into the future.
And that gravitational potential energy is the largest contributor from these cosmic imperfections, but play no important role on any scales in the Universe: from singularities to beyond the observable Universe.
Although I myself wrote one of the important papers that quantified this effect, this result has been known since at least 1995, when Uros Seljak and Lam Hui presented their treatment at a symposium. The Universe is indeed imperfect, but we know exactly how (and by how much) it's imperfect. It was an interesting idea, but the effects of these imperfections is well-understood, and can't explain the observed acceleration. Dark energy is here to stay.
If you're going to resurrect an old idea, you'd better have a new reason why the old objections that ruled it out no longer apply. Until that day comes, you can rest assured that dark energy is no illusion!
POSTED March 18, 2015
I want to talk to you all about something weird that's been going on since tour started. No one on my team quite understands it and it's starting to make us all feel a little crazy—Nomad time. Let me try to explain what I mean. Yesterday, the three of us woke up after six hours of sleep that felt like five minutes. We had 27 hours worth of work to do and only 18 hours left in the day. When we we were ready that night for a few more hours of sleep, it felt like the morning was 10 years ago. But like always, the day was so amazing that it felt like everything went by in a second. It's just not adding up.
We've been working on a theory—we've been meeting so many awesome new people so quickly that it's warping time. Let me give you an example: During our week (day? month?) in Dallas, we got the chance to stay with Lance and Catie for two nights. An unexpected snowstorm cancelled our presentation on the first night, so we met up with them, along with the other guest speaker who was going to be at an event, for dinner. And that's how the Great Plains nomads ended up at dinner with Blaine Harden, the author of Escape from Camp 14! With so many interesting people meeting in one place, time seemed to stop mattering at all.
Dallas gets really quiet when it snows, so we almost had the restaurant to ourselves to talk and share stories. We learned a lot about Blaine's life as a journalist (apparently it was like summer camp with whiskey). He's writing a new book, and he let us in on a few secrets. Lance has Taco Bell connections, so we learned that they're cooking up something that will change our fast-food lives forever. We'll let you guys know whether or not that's really true once we get to Toledo!
After dropping off Blaine, we headed back to their place and somehow it had already gotten dark (where did the day go?). We learned that Catie has the true nomad spirit. She's worked for a few different non-profits, and worked on an organic farm in New York for a while. We even met Scrappy, an adorable but terrifying monster dog. He's five pounds of cute with the capacity to be vicious. Eventually even he got used to us, and curled up next to me by the fire. The only way to keep track of time was by how much the snow had piled up outside, and I couldn't tell you whether it was one hour or six before we eventually said goodnight.
Nomad time. It drives you crazy in the most amazing way. The next few weeks are going to feel like a lifetime, but it'll be over in a second. And we look forward to every minute of it.
There's still time to meet the Nomads this spring. Request an event in your town!
Anticipating training camp battles as the pre-season looms for the Montreal Canadiens is itself an annual tradition. In the recent past it was fairly easy to view the pieces former head coach Michel Therrien's had to work with and estimate the early lines and pairings.
The players subject to the most debate last year are once again in the spotlight, with fans wondering which position Alex Galchenyuk wil play, and who will partner up with Shea Weber on the blue line.
But besides those questions, there are perhaps some underrated battles this season that will be just as interesting to watch this September.
Gallagher is the natural righty of the two and has been a proven goal-scorer. He was the de-facto number-one right winger on the team until Alexander Radulov arrived on the scene last year.
However, limited by hand injuries the past two seasons, Gallagher is coming off perhaps his toughest year in the NHL to date with just 29 points in 64 games. For context, in his rookie season he had 28 points in just 41 games.
He improved his level of play in the playoffs with three points in six games as he went back to playing his usual game, taking up space in his office in front of the opposing goaltender's crease with a smile on his face.
Challenging Gallagher for the top spot could be Lehkonen, who got more confident as the season went along and was one of the Canadiens' best forwards in the post-season with four points in six games.
While he only had 28 points in his first NHL season, Lehkonen came on strong to end the year with 11 points in his last 12 regular-season contests and showed that he has the offensive talents to challenge for a top-six role. While he could endure a sophomore slump, it would be hard to imagine Lehkonen not being able to have a similar impact with his solid overall game, and building from his strong finish to take his game to the next level.
In order to play on the top line opposite Max Pacioretty, he will need to switch to his off-side, but that will just allow him to use his accurate release from closer to the target.
Winner
While I believe Lehkonen is the more talented player of the two, I would not be surprised to see Gallagher getting the first crack on the top line. His crease presence gives him the edge to start the year in that slot and helps to balance the top six.
On a second line, Lehkonen's strong two-way play could either help offset the defensive deficiencies of either Galchenyuk or Jonathan Drouin (should one or both of them end up on that line) or complement Phillip Danault's possession game by giving him a quality shooting option.
In a rare moment of depth at forward, it is somewhat surprising that one of these three players will not be in the Canadiens' top nine to start the season.
Last year, Byron surprised everyone by scoring 22 goals. While it will be difficult to repeat his shooting percentage of 22.9%, it should be noted that in 2015-16 he converted 22% of his shots, and his career mark is a well-above-average 18.3%. It's a testament to the abundance of skill that the Canadiens' second-best goal-scorer from last year could be starting the year on the bottom trio.
Shaw's ability to play any forward position works in his favour as he can move up into any role short term no matter where he initially starts.
He was arguably the forward that benefitted the most from February's coaching change. With Michel Therrien behind the bench, Shaw was unhinged and sometimes a danger on the ice. The line of communication was clearly broken between the two. Once Claude Julien arrived, Shaw seemingly became a new player overnight under the new coach's tutelage.
After the bye week, he became the player that Marc Bergevin had traded for: tough, physical, and displaying the ability to contribute offensively. He was no longer crossing the line, and his more disciplined physicality alone would likely be a welcome addition on the third line.
In a somewhat surprising move, Bergevin signed Hemsky to a low-risk, one-year, $1-million contract. At 34 years of age and coming off a sports hernia surgery, it is debatable how much Hemsky has left in the tank.
However, his skill level has rarely been questioned as he continued to show flashes of his abilities throughout his patchy tenure with the Dallas Stars. Having had the summer to rehabilitate, a fresh start playing with fellow countryman Tomas Plekanec could rejuvenate both players.
Odd man out
Shaw and Byron should start the season with Plekanec on the third line, placing Hemsky on the fourth. However, should one of those wingers begin to struggle, Hemsky will get his shot in the top nine.
No matter where he starts, Hemsky may see some time on the power play, especially if the Canadiens go with a four-forward formation with Drouin on the point. Even then, it will be tough to get special teams minutes with the number of quality forwards the Canadiens currently possess.
A man heads towards a polling station to vote in London. Ameet Gill, who served as the former prime minister's director of strategy, said the Brexiteers' commitment to leaving the free-trade bloc was the key issue of the campaign | Dan Kitwood/Getty Images Brexit vote was about single market, says Cameron adviser Remain campaign strategist said it's ‘a bit weird' to claim Theresa May doesn't have a mandate to leave the single market.
LONDON – Leaving the European single market was “the instruction from the referendum,” according to one of David Cameron's closest advisers.
Ameet Gill, who served as the former prime minister's director of strategy until earlier this year and campaigned for a Remain vote, said the Brexiteers' commitment to leaving the free-trade bloc was the key issue of the campaign and Downing Street spent “months trying to hang that round Leave's neck.”
He said it was “a bit weird” for Labour and the Liberal Democrats to now claim that Prime Minister Theresa May doesn't have a mandate for a "hard" Brexit outside the single market.
Gill spoke to POLITICO from his new office in Brick Lane, east London, where he set up the political strategy firm Hanbury Strategy with former Brexit rival Paul Stephenson, a key player in the campaign to take Britain out of the EU.
The pair chose opposite sides in the Tory civil war over Brexit, but have now joined forces to shape the peace, advising companies how to handle the sweeping changes which are about to convulse British politics.
While still at odds over Brexit, they are adamant about one thing: Theresa May is winning and Britain will leave the single market.
Gill is particularly damning about the attempt to rewrite the history of the campaign by those who, like him, supported a vote to Remain.
“I remember in the campaign, the most significant moment of the campaign that we saw on the Remain side was in mid-April when Michael [Gove] made that speech saying we're going to leave the single market," he said, referring to Cameron's justice secretary, a prominent Leave campaigner.
“Now, we spent the next three months trying to hang that round Leave's neck. We went round saying, 'Look, a vote to leave is a vote to leave the single market.' So I do find it a bit weird with some politicians coming now saying that was never on the ballot paper."
Gill's intervention serves as a reminder of the lengths to which the Remain campaign went to highlight the threat to Britain's single market membership from leaving the EU.
Labour's Brexit spokesman Keir Starmer emphatically rejects Gill's claim. “There was only one question on the ballot paper — whether you wanted to vote to stay or to go," Starmer said. "The Conservative Party manifesto said nothing about the terms of exit if the vote was to leave. Absolutely nothing.”
He added: “Lots of people have made the point that this was one of the things being discussed in the campaign. That doesn't turn it into a mandate."
Both Gill and Stephenson now anticipate a "hard" Brexit with a clean break from the single market.
“Markets are now starting to understand that fundamentally the reason the referendum was called in the first place was a political decision, not an economic one," Stephenson said. "Economically this is a very important event, but economics won't necessarily be the primary driver of what is the deal."
Stephenson contrasted the discussion in Brussels about the political implications of any deal with the U.K. with the "proxy war" still gripping Westminster.
“It's our belief that Theresa May sees a big opportunity, rightly, to connect with a whole bunch of people who haven't voted Tory for years, or in the Leave case, a whole bunch of people who have never, ever voted because they felt their vote didn't matter," Stephenson said.
“That's why the key message she's taken away is one of the need to control immigration and, particularly, the need to focus on the people who are struggling to get by.”
Gill added that industry needed to grasp the political reality in order to prepare for the blizzard of regulatory change on the horizon.
“The point that we are trying to make to businesses is that now we are leaving the EU, there's going to be a whole host of laws — 20,000 in fact — that will come under the jurisdiction of the U.K. parliament," he said.
Nakagawa Kanon starring Nao Toyama 2nd ALBUM「Colors」 Info Song Type Anime Character Songs Character Kanon Nakagawa Seiyū Nao Toyama Release Date October 30, 2013
After her first album, Kanon Nakagawa presents to you her second album "Color", which includes insert songs from many of the OVAs and the third season, along with other songs that haven't been heard of before!
This album was released on October 30th, 2013.
Tracks List
Special Edition
Kanon picture book
Application form for a special Christmas card illustrated personally by Tamiki Wakiki and autographed by Kanon. (100 copies only)
B2-size poster (Only for 4000¥ edition)
Special CD Jacket illustrated personally by Tamiki Wakiki (Only for 4000¥ edition)
Pre-application to Kanon Nakagawa's 2nd concert starring Nao Toyama at Maihama Amphitheatre on the 22nd of February 2014
Special calendar featuring Kanon (LP sized)
Special Edition DJ CD by Kanon Nakagawa starring Nao Toyama
CM
The Diamondbacks are one of two potential NL West sleepers. One thing they have going for them is that, this year, they should get something like a full season from A.J. Pollock. But then, beyond him, there's the potentially electric starting rotation. Although there are more questions every day about the well-being of Zack Greinke, he's followed by names like Shelby Miller, Taijuan Walker, Patrick Corbin, and Robbie Ray. Inconsistent, the lot of them. But they've all been well-regarded before, and you never know when a young pitcher could have everything click.
One mission for the team, then, is to try to squeeze everything it can from the pitchers it has. You can try to get the pitchers in better shape, and you can try to work out kinks in their mechanics. Every pitcher on the planet wants greater release-point consistency. But how about just changing how pitchers pitch? It's early, but there's a sign something could be changing down in the desert.
In recent years, Diamondbacks pitchers have worked down with gusto. And it makes a certain amount of sense — their home park is a hitter-friendly environment, and you'd be inclined to think pitching low would generate grounders. Grounders aren't homers! You know this line of thinking.
I did my research using Baseball Savant, and I focused on its zone breakdowns. Baseball Savant bins all pitches into one of 13 zones, and I was interested in the rate of pitches thrown in the five lowest. Last season, the Diamondbacks threw more than 59% of their pitches in those five low zones, which was the highest team rate in baseball. The year before, they were at 58%. The year before that, they were at 57%. High rates, across the board.
Here now is a plot, showing the Diamondbacks, and also the league average. I've included a couple points for 2017. As you'd be right to point out, no, that's impossible! There has been no 2017! But there has been spring training, with its limited data set. The Diamondbacks' data set is one of the least limited. Again, spring training is never conclusive, but it can be suggestive.
The Diamondbacks have thrown low at a greater rate than average every year since 2009. Over the past three years in particular, they've exceeded the average by six, five, and six percentage points. In the spring-training data that's been recorded, they're lower than the average by two percentage points. No other team has seen so great a shift, which is what makes this notable.
Last year, the Diamondbacks had the highest rate, out of 30 teams. This spring, the Diamondbacks have the fourth-lowest rate, out of 16 teams for which any data exists. (There is no pitch information that comes out of Florida.) It's important to consider the greater context, instead of numbers in isolation, because the baseline can and does move. Like, for example, you see that the league overall has thrown low less often this spring, if the data is to be believed. Maybe the instruments aren't all properly calibrated. Or maybe teams really *are* throwing low less often, perhaps because a lot of baseball people believe the strike zone has shrunk. Within the context, the Diamondbacks have shifted. They've shifted by enough to warrant attention.
Here are some side-by-side heat maps, also from Baseball Savant, if heat maps are your thing:
There seems to be a clear reduction in pitches down. It just shows the earlier information in a different way. It's all, of course, coming from the same source.
You'd be right to point out that spring-training data can be complicated by appearances by non-major-leaguers. There are plenty of Diamondbacks who have pitched this spring who won't sniff the bigs any time soon. I don't think this is a big issue, though. The two leaders in recorded pitches this spring are Ray and Miller. They're followed by Greinke, Keyvius Sampson, Corbin, Archie Bradley, and Jorge de la Rosa. This doesn't seem like a set that's skewed. It's more likely to reflect something intentional.
Which doesn't mean it does reflect something intentional. But if there's something specific being implemented, well, it's not as if the Diamondbacks aren't going through a whole bunch of other changes. Last October, they picked up a new general manager. Last November, they picked up a new regular manager. Welington Castillo is gone, and Chris Iannetta and Jeff Mathis are new. The group of catchers has been updated, and when you have a new organizational hierarchy, it makes sense the new guys could bring new organizational philosophies. The previous leadership seems to have been big on the idea of pounding the lower part of the zone. There's evidence to suggest the team now will want to more frequently explore the upper bits. It could help to unlock some of the potential still hidden away in the assortment of promising arms.
It could go nowhere. It could always go nowhere. And it's entirely possible I'm seeing something in the data that isn't actually there in real life. That's the danger of spring-training data interpretation, and so, as usual, I await further evidence. What's clear is the Diamondbacks have a lot of pitching potential that remains untapped. They're also coming off a massive organizational shake-up that presumably has introduced some new ways of thinking. Improvement isn't always about refining one's pitches. Sometimes it can be about using the same pitches in different ways.
Mistakes happen in every walk of life - some are just more visible than others. Like anything that happens on TV, for example. Any onscreen graphic is especially susceptible to such an embarrassing error - you can't make a typo verbally, after all. What you can do, however, is put in placeholder text to be changed before the broadcast...and then never get around to changing it.
This, it appears, happened a few days ago when former NBA player Wally Szczerbiak stopped by CBS College Sports to do some studio analysis. Szczerbiak, as is plainly evident, has a difficult-to-spell name. The Dagger's Jeff Eisenberg and Awful Announcing's Mike Vitiello surmise, and we'd agree, that whoever was responsible for the graphic meant to bear Szczerbiak's name was unfamiliar with the spelling, and that led to:
It's too bad for Szczerbiak - Vitiello notes that his name is apparently so difficult it couldn't even overcome a solid, decade-long NBA career that even included an All-Star appearance. Note to Doug Mientkiewicz: if you're thinking of doing any MLB commentary, note that you may run the risk of being referred to as a "random dude."
(And no, we can't completely ignore the possibility, raised by Eisenberg, that this is a Photoshop con job...but what a Photoshop job if it's fake. And we don't think it is.)
Quality pre-K programs can help kids later in school, both academically and socially. But many families can't afford to send their children to pre-school, and government funding for early childhood programs has decreased in recent years.
A statewide effort was launched Thursday to ensure all three- and four-year-olds have access to quality pre-K programs. Michelle Figlar is executive director of the Pittsburgh Association for the Education of Young Children, or PAEYC. She said research has shown children who have access to strong pre-K programs do better overall in school.
“Research also shows that high quality pre-K reduced grade retention and costs related to special education. Children who participate in high-quality pre-K are more likely to graduate from high school, enroll in higher education and have increased lifetime earnings,” Figlar said.
But many families in the commonwealth simply can't afford to send their children to pre-K programs.
“Today, the public funds available for pre-K in Pennsylvania help fewer than 20 percent of three- and four-year-olds access high quality programs,” Figlar said. “As a result, too many families cannot find or access high-quality pre-K.”
Specific details of funding and other campaign plans will be released as the effort progresses, but at the outset, the Pre-K for PA collaboration will engage businesses, educators, parents and lawmakers.
“I, personally, call on our state legislators and our governor and candidates for governor to not only restore full funding for pre-K programs, but really elevate this issue to ensure that every single child, every family, every school and every neighborhood has the opportunity to succeed,” said Pittsburgh City Councilwoman Natalia Rudiak.
Rudiak said lack of affordability for programs is a story she hears again and again from her constituents in the city's southern neighborhoods and that needs to change.
“Pre-K can help us mediate many of our biggest challenges that I see every day in our neighborhoods and our schools, from high school truancy to high school dropout rates to even acts of violent crime,” said Rudiak.
Providing pre-K to all children is on the priority list of Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto. His administration's Chief Education and Neighborhood Revitalization Officer, Curtiss Porter said when the mayor met with President Obama in December he made a specific request.
“The first thing that he asked for is that the president consider that the city of Pittsburgh become the living laboratory for early childhood education and the improvements in life in general that early childhood education can bring,” Porter said.
It's estimated that every dollar invested in quality pre-K generates more than $2 in the local economy, with a long-term investment of $17.00 for every dollar spent. Porter said access to early education is one of the best investments for a strong economy.
“We all know and believe that children are the treasures that will predict and produce our future and that it's really up to us to build the infrastructure that will carry those dreams forward, that will carry our lives and our civilization forward,” said Porter.
Launch events for Pre-K for PA were also held in Philadelphia on Thursday. The collaboration is led in western Pennsylvania by PAEYC, statewide partners include the Pennsylvania Head Start Association, Pennsylvania Partnerships for Children and Economy League of Greater of Philadelphia.
Real Madrid's first game back from the winter break was a nervy occasion, as they allowed Celta Vigo the clearest chances before they were indebted to Karim Benzema's breakthrough goal in the 67th minute. Manager Carlo Ancelotti said Real were “a little slow and not well balanced” as Celta's attack, led by the on-loan Barcelona winger Rafinha Alcantara, posed a dangerous threat on the counter attack.
In the end Madrid relied on the £160 million pair of Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale to overpower lowly Celta, who sit 18th in La Liga, as they combined for two goals in the last eight minutes. However the concluding period would have provided an element of positivity for manager Luis Enrique as, five minutes before Ronaldo's first and Madrid's second contest-deciding goal, he introduced his young striker Santiago Mina as a replacement for Charles.
The Real game was the 18 year old's 15th appearance of the season as Enrique, possessing a bright background in youth progression as the successful coach of Barcelona B during the Pep Guardiola era, points Celta towards the future. Despite a dismal campaign in which the Galician club have won just 3 of their 18 matches so far, Enrique will be encouraged by the promise of central-defensive duo David Costa, 18, and Jon Aurtenetxe, 22, as well as the 19 year old Jonny, the highly-rated full-back. Barça's relationship with Enrique was fruitful enough for the champions to lend him the 20 year old livewire Rafinha, the club's best performer of an otherwise troubled season with 3 goals, 1 assist and 23 chances created. It is however, in the club's own attacker Santiago “Santi” Mina, who has been 18 years of age for only a month, where most excited eyes are being cast.
Who is Santiago Mina?
Born locally in Vigo, the striker began playing for Celta's youth team and after plundering a remarkable 27 goals in 17 games in the Juvenil leagues, even more than Lionel Messi achieved at the same level, he was unsurprisingly called-up to Vigo's B team at the age of 16. He then hit 8 goals in 12 games for the reserves, earning a regular chance to train with the senior squad under then-manager Paco Herrera and a Primera Division debut at the age of 17 years and 2 months. His replacement of Iago Aspas against Getafe on February 16th meant he became the third youngest player ever to feature for Celta in Spain's top-division.
It was a month after Mina was handed a five year deal with Celta, a significant move in securing the next stage of the youngster's development at the club after they lost their last exciting prospect, the midfielder Denis Suarez, to Manchester City after he became a star performer for Spain's under-17s. A major part of thinking behind hiring Enrique, a young, ambitious coach with previous experience of managing and encouraging the progression of young players, as Herrera's successor in the summer was the aim to make 50% of their squad home-grown each year. By tying Mina down until 2018, the hope would be that the teenager would follow Jonny and Ruben Blanco, the B team's goalkeeper, into the next stage of development as the next wave of Celta's future becomes clear.
The substitute appearance against Getafe remained his sole top-flight appearance of the season as he remained with the B team, scoring 7 goals in the last 5 games of the season to complete a successful push for promotion from the Tercera division, Spanish football's fourth tier. His talent was also apparent in the end of season Copa De Campeones, the most prestigious youth tournament in Spain, where he scored 3 goals in 4 games to lead Celta to the final where they were ultimately beaten by Sevilla.
That proved to be his sign off to junior-level football as in the off season he was promoted on a regular basis to the full-squad by new manager Luis Enrique. Despite initially starting the season with the B side, he was handed only his second senior appearance in Vigo's third game of the season away at Bilbao. It was a fairytale evening for Mina, emerging from the bench to score a header after neat build-up play, securing his place in history as Vigo's youngest ever top-flight scorer.
That was followed by his first ever league start a week later against Villarreal and a further 15 appearances to date, though they have mostly been restricted to substitute and cameo roles as he has been trusted to complete 90 minutes just twice so far. Incidentally, one of those occasions came against Athletic Bilbao in the Copa Del Rey last month where he again became the scourge of the Basque outfit, scoring the only goal in the 1-0 victory. It was a goal and a performance that led his manager to describe him as a “rough diamond who is very hungry to do well and is craving to play”. With Mina continuing his progress and showing further signs that his burgeoning talent can adapt to the highest level, it seems likely he will achieve his wish as Celta enter a decisive 2014.
Style, Strengths, Weaknesses
Mina is seen by many as a conventional striker, a throwback to the old notion of naturally instinctive strikers, of which Spain has a void in favour of technically gifted wingers and nimble-footed creative attacking midfielders, in the words of Spanish football expert David Cartlidge. It was his predatory nature that saw him achieve his prolific scoring feats, a strike rate of a goal every 57 minutes, in the Juvenil leagues, leading to his coach, David de Dios, to be particularly effusive over the youngster's scoring. “Everything he touches goes in. He can score with his head or foot, can volley, use his left or right, inside the area and outside it too” he said.
It will be the goals that will stand out whilst assessing the potential ability of the young striker, but what is also notable is his powerful presence when leading the front-line. For a player who stands at a modest 5 ft 10, his robust upper body strength and fine sense of balance allows him to be a constant handful for defences when dropping off to hold the ball up, or also when lurking in the box to poach on difficult chances.
His versatile forward play, as well as an agile frame and sharp movement in and around the box, is something Luis Enrique has tapped into as he has handed Mina the majority of his first-team chances in a withdrawn striking role, mostly to the right of the attack. From there, he is especially prone to cutting in from the flank to get shots away, his 14 league appearances have seen 15 attempts at goal, while the team is unbalanced with his lack of crosses, 0 successful from 9 attempted despite his wide-positioning, shows where his overriding instincts lie, to head directly towards goal rather than be a creator for others.
His prowess in the direct game has been complimentary to the struggling Vigo side as he has been involved in 52 aerial duels, winning almost half of them with 28, another indicator of his ability to use his sense of movement and strength to become a target man. Though his willingness to get involved in the play to hold the ball up is perhaps undermined by his low pass success rate of 67.8% as a result of an average of just 10.6 passes per game and only 5 chances created in his 612 minutes of football.
As that may be caused by a team in poor form failing to see much of the ball in attacking areas, or even Mina's single-minded direct style, his link-play and decision-making must be improved upon if the 18 year old is to become an effective forward at the top level. He has shown he has the scoring instincts and the characteristics to play as a complete forward, though he needs to be given time, and more game time by his manager, to realise that potential and adapt it to the modern game where a prolific strike-rate alone just isn't enough.
What do you think of Santiago Mina? Let us know by dropping in a comment below. View his SoccerWiki profile here.
– There's no doubt that Henrik Zetterberg is the epitome of stealth when he steps on the ice. But those steps weren't always so quiet.
When he was 17-years-old, Zetterberg spent 7 ½ months training in Sweden's Army, as it was a requirement for all Swedish men to serve in the country's military before they turned 18.
The Red Wings' forward was a member of the athlete's platoon, and one particular memory of those military days is a constant reminder of why he stuck to hockey.
“We were supposed to sneak up on a group that was out in the woods,” Zetterberg explained. “They were out doing it (exercise) for a week and we were supposed to sneak up on them. We thought we were stealthly, but all of a sudden we were surrounded by everyone else and they just started shooting, not real ones, but the fake machine gun. We were pretty scared then we realized we were probably not the best guys of sneaking up on the enemy.”
Reliving the memory made Zetterberg laugh.
He is one of the few NHL players who served in his military, and although Veteran's Day isn't celebrated in Sweden, Zetterberg still understands the importance of appreciating and honoring those who have served for their countries.
“I think it's an important day,” Zetterberg said. “I think they do a lot of good things, not just the U.S. military, but all the units around the world. But Sweden's not a big military country, obviously we're helping out, but we don't do a lot of big stuff. I think the U.S. having that big of a military has a lot of veterans and it's nice to do what we can to give back for what they have done.”
The Wings' captain may have only spent a few months in the military, but the lessons he learned will last a lifetime.
“Back then it was kind of the first time we really had to take orders and do stuff like that and I think that's a good experience for us, 17 turning 18 when we went through it,” Zetterberg said. “So obviously it's good. I think it's sad we don't have it now back home in Sweden because it was a good thing in that age to go through.”
The experience has stayed with Zetterberg over the past 15 years, as he now fights a different battle, leading his own group of men on the ice night in and night out.
And he's the best Red Wing for the job. Zetterberg is currently on a five-game point streak, having recorded eight points over the past five contests, including two goals in a 3-2 overtime loss to Tampa Bay on Saturday. The forward is currently tied for seventh in the league with 10 goals and tied for sixth in points with 20.
But the Red Wings will need to count on much more than Zetterberg's leadership and offensive production when they play Winnipeg Tuesday for the second time in eight days.
“They skated us last time,” said coach Mike Babcock. “I watched them play San Jose the other night and they skated real well. They've got good depth. They have back ended that can move the puck, that has size and they've got goaltending. They're a good team. I'll be a test for us.
“Our big thing is start on time and play the whole 60. When you make a mistake don't let it lead to two or three mistakes, just make one mistake and stay poised, stay patient and keep grinding in the game.”
CLEARLY GRAY: Forward Daniel Cleary donned a gray jersey at the Red Wings' practice Monday, signifying that he will be a healthy scratch for Tuesday's matchup against the Jets.
“I just have to play better,” Cleary said after practice. “It's the ebbs and flows of hockey. The only thing you can control now is your attitude and work ethic. I have to play better and I have to produce more.”
Babcock agreed: “For a guy of his hockey sense and his ability he's got to be a factor every night and I don't see that.”
Cleary has recorded one goal and two assists in 18 games this season after signing a one-year contract to return to the Red Wings.
HOME SLIDE: Detroit will try to avoid a six-game home winless streak on Tuesday when they host the Jets.
With a 3-2 overtime loss to Tampa Bay on Saturday, the Red Wings extended their home winless streak to five games. The last time the Red Wings experienced a five-game slide at Joe Louis was during the 1996-97 season, when they lost to the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim (1-0) in overtime; tied St. Louis (1-1) and Toronto (2-2); and were defeated by Ottawa (3-2) and St. Louis (3-1).
Winnipeg hasn't won in Detroit since January 8, 1996, and defeated the Red Wings 4-2 last week at the MTS Centre.
“They took it to us pretty good,” Wings goaltender Jimmy Howard said. “I think that's fresh in all of our minds and we should be looking for a little bit of revenge here tomorrow night.”
TURNOVER TROUBLE: Turnovers have plagued the Red Wings in their winless streak, most recently against Tampa Bay when a giveaway late in the overtime period cost Detroit the game. The Wings have given up the puck 37 times in their past five matchups, including eight against the Lightning and 10 in their last meeting with the Jets.
“I think the other night against Dallas, I thought we played really a good game all around,” Howard said. “It's just a couple of bad breaks in the net and here the other night Z has a great shot there in the third to tie it up and another mistake and it cost us again. So we just have to find a way to eliminate those mistakes from our games and I think we'll be better off for it.”
HOLD YOUR FISTS: NHL general managers will meet Tuesday in Toronto to discuss adding a rule that would give a 10-game suspension to goaltenders who leave their area to initiate a fight. The meeting was prompted after Philadelphia's Ray Emery instigated a brawl with an unwilling Braden Holtby from Washington.
“I really don't want to ever see Ray Emery skate down at me,” Howard said. “We'll leave it at that.
“You shouldn't have to fight. I wouldn't stand up to him, that's one guy on my list that I probably would try to find the nearest exit to the ice, whether it be the Zamboni doors or the bench. I mean, jeez you click on YouTube and you watch him take on heavyweights out there. Fighting with goalies, it's always been part of the game, so it's always I think even the players like it. You always see, the one way for a bench brawl to stop is have the goalies square off because everyone seems to stop and watch.”
Jordin Tootoo, the Red Wings' resident tough guy also had his thoughts on the topic.
“The whole situation with the fighting and whatnot, it's getting cracked down everywhere,” Tootoo said. “I think it's probably the right thing to do. Goalies don't train doing those types of things. There's one or two in the league that are, that practice boxing or whatever. I think it's probably a good thing.”
Whistling without the use of an artificial whistle is achieved by creating a small opening with one's lips and then blowing or sucking air through the hole. The air is moderated by the lips, curled tongue,[1] teeth or fingers (placed over the mouth) to create turbulence, and the curled tongue acts as a resonant chamber to enhance the resulting sound by acting as a type of Helmholtz resonator.
Techniques [ edit ]
Whistling A human whistling.
Pucker whistling is the most common form in much Western music. Typically, the tongue tip is lowered, often placed behind the lower teeth, and pitch altered by varying the position of the tongue. Although varying the degree of pucker will change the pitch of a pucker whistle, expert pucker whistlers will generally only make small variations to the degree of pucker, due to its tendency to affect purity of tone. Pucker whistling can be done by either only blowing out or blowing in and out alternately. In the 'only blow out' method, a consistent tone is achieved, but a negligible pause has to be taken to breathe in. In the alternating method there is no problem of breathlessness or interruption as breath is taken when one whistles breathing in, but a disadvantage is that many times, the consistency of tone is not maintained, and it fluctuates.
Many expert musical palatal whistlers will substantially alter the position of the tongue to ensure a good quality tone. Venetian gondoliers are famous for moving the tongue while they whistle in a way that can look like singing. A good example of a palatal whistler is Luke Janssen, winner of the 2009 world whistling competition.[2]
Finger whistling is harder to control but achieves a piercing volume. In Boito's opera Mefistofele the title character uses it to express his defiance of the Almighty.
Whistling can also be produced by blowing air through enclosed, cupped hands or through an external instrument, such as a whistle or even a blade of grass or leaf.
Competitions [ edit ]
One of the most well known whistling competitions is the International Whistlers Convention (IWC). Since 1973, this annual event takes place in Louisburg, North Carolina. The awards go to whistlers ranging from international male and female, teenage male and female, and even grandchildren. It has been customary for the Governor of the State of North Carolina to sign a declaration declaring the week of the IWC as "Happy Whistlers Week," for citizens and visitors to honor the art of whistling and to participate in the scheduled events.[3]
According to Guinness World Records, the highest pitch human whistle ever recorded was measured at 4,186 Hz, which corresponds to a C8 musical note. This was done by Michael Stuart in Richmond, Virginia, on January 11, 2016.[4] The lowest pitch whistle ever recorded was measured at 174.6 Hz, which corresponds to a F3 musical note. This was accomplished by Jennifer Davies of Dachau, Germany on November 6, 2005.[5] The most people whistling simultaneously was 853, which was organized at the Spring Harvest event at Minehead, UK on April 11, 2014.[6]
As communication [ edit ]
On La Gomera, one of Spain's Canary Islands, a traditional whistled language named Silbo Gomero is still used. At least nine separate whistling sounds are used to produce usually four vowels and five consonants, allowing this language to convey unlimited words. This language allowed people (e.g. shepherds) to communicate over long distances in the island, when other communication means were not available. It is now taught in school so that it is not lost among the younger generation. Another group of whistlers is the Mazateco Indians of Oaxaca, Mexico. Their whistling aided in conveying messages over far distances, but was also used in close quarters as a unique form of communication with a variety of tones.[7]
Whistling can be used to control trained animals such as dogs. A Shepherd's whistle is often used instead.
Whistling has long been used as a specialized communication between laborers. For example, whistling in theatre, particularly on-stage, is used by flymen (i.e. members of a fly crew) to cue the lowering or raising of a batten pipe or flat. This method of communication became popular before the invention of electronic means of communication, and is still in use, primarily in older "hemp" houses during the set and strike of a show.[8][9]
In music [ edit ]
Whistling at the 29th Festival of Street Art in Suresnes France in 2012
The range of pucker whistlers varies from about one to three octaves. Agnes Woodward [10] classifies by analogy to voice types: soprano (c"-c""), mezzo (a-g'") and alto (e or d-g")[11]
Many performers (also known as siffleurs) on the music hall and Vaudeville circuits were professional whistlers, the most famous of which were Ronnie Ronalde and Fred Lowery. The term puccalo or puccolo was coined by Ron McCroby to refer to highly skilled jazz whistling.[12]
Whistling is featured in a number of television themes, such as Lassie, The Andy Griffith Show and Mark Snow's title theme for The X-Files.[13] It also prominently features in the score of the movie Twisted Nerve, composed by Bernard Herrmann, which was later used in Quentin Tarantino's Kill Bill.
Prominent in classic songs such as Bobby McFerrin's "Don't Worry, Be Happy" and Scorpions' "Wind of Change", whistling has also been integrated in many contemporary pop hits such as Flo Rida's "Whistle", Selena Gomez's "Kill Em With Kindness", Florida Georgia Line's "Sun Daze", Foster the People's "Pumped Up Kicks", Maroon 5's "Moves Like Jagger", Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros' "Home", OneRepublic's "Good Life", Adam Lambert's "Ghost Town", Kanye West's "All Day", Peter Bjorn and John's "Young Folks", The Seekers "Georgy Girl", and Professor Longhair's "Go to the Mardi Gras".
By spectators [ edit ]
Whistling is often used by spectators at sporting events to express either enthusiasm or disapprobation. In the United States and Canada, whistling is used much like applause, to express approval or appreciation for the efforts of a team or a player, such as a starting pitcher in baseball who is taken out of the game after having pitched well. In much of the rest of the world, especially Europe and South America, whistling is used to express displeasure with the action or disagreement with an official's decision, like booing. This whistling is often loud and cacophonous, using finger whistling.
Superstitions [ edit ]
In many cultures, whistling or making whistling noises at night is thought to attract bad luck, bad things, or evil spirits.[14][15][16][17]
In the UK there is a superstitious belief in the "Seven Whistlers" which are seven mysterious birds or spirits who call out to foretell death or a great calamity. In the 19th century, large groups of coal miners were known to have refused to enter the mines for one day after hearing this spectral whistling. The Seven Whistlers have been mentioned in literature such as The Faerie Queene by Edmund Spenser, as bearing an omen of death. William Wordsworth included fear of the Seven Whistlers in his poem, "Though Narrow Be That Old Man's Cares". The superstition has been reported in the Midland Counties of England but also in Lancashire, Essex, Kent, and even in other places such as North Wales and Portugal.[18][19][20][21]
In Russian and other Slavic cultures, and also in Romania and the Baltic states, whistling indoors is superstitiously believed to bring poverty ("whistling money away"), whereas whistling outdoors is considered normal. In Estonia it is also widely believed that whistling indoors may bring bad luck and therefore set the house on fire.[22]
Whistling on board a sailing ship is thought to encourage the wind strength to increase.[23] This is regularly alluded to in the Aubrey-Maturin books by Patrick O'Brian.
Theater practice has plenty of superstitions: one of them is against whistling. A popular explanation is that traditionally sailors, skilled in rigging and accustomed to the boatswain's pipe, were often used as stage technicians, working with the complicated rope systems associated with flying. An errant whistle might cause a cue to come early or a "sailor's ghost" to drop a set-piece on top of an actor. An offstage whistle audible to the audience in the middle of a performance might also be considered bad luck.
Transcendental whistling (chángxiào 長嘯) was an ancient Chinese Daoist technique of resounding breath yoga, and skillful whistlers supposedly could summon supernatural beings, wild animals, and weather phenomena.
Children's television cartoon shows [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Former U.S. women's national team star Lauren Holiday is recovering after having surgery earlier this week to remove a benign brain tumor.
Holiday underwent the procedure at Duke University just one month after she and her husband, New Orleans Pelicans' (NBA) point guard Jrue Holiday welcomed the birth of their daughter, Jrue Tyler Holiday.
In a statement released by the agent of Holiday's husband, Glushon Sports Management said Holiday will continue to recover in North Carolina with husband and daughter.
Holiday's brain tumor was discovered during pregnancy and doctors decided to operate only after she gave birth. Doctors induced delivery to move up the timeline on the brain-tumor operation.
Several former U.S. teammates showed support for Holiday during last week's U.S. matches against Switzerland by wearing “LH12” on their wrists.
Last night we played for you. Praying for you and sending A LOT of love your way today!!! We are with you @laurenholiday12 ❤️❤️❤️ pic.twitter.com/O4XXY0kruq — Morgan Brian (@moeebrian) October 20, 2016
Holiday amassed 130 caps for the U.S., helping the team win the 2015 World Cup as well as Olympic gold medals in 2008 and 2012. She scored 24 goals, including the game-winner in the 2015 World Cup final. Holiday won two NWSL Championships with FC Kansas City ans was named the league's inaugural MVP in 2013.
Google Glass, the Moto X, and the Xbox One are just waiting for you to address them. They're always listening and waiting to tell you about the weather, or play whatever movie you'd like to watch, or scour the Web to answer any question you might think to ask. All you have to do is say the magic words.
We're constantly surrounded by microphones and cameras. Our smartphones, our tablets, our video game consoles, our laptops -- all of these have been shipping with the ability to watch and listen to you for some time. The difference is that these devices are now waiting for you to say "Okay Glass" or "Okay Google Now" or "Xbox" so they can stop passively listening to everything you say and start sending that data to massive data centers hundreds or thousands of miles away. The "record" -- or at least the "listen" -- button is now always-on.
This is meant to help us better interact with our devices. Conversational interfaces don't always work particularly well -- anyone who's tried to dictate a message to Siri, search the Web with voice commands, or control a device solely with their voice knows that. Luckily for the companies pushing voice control as the user interface of the future, the solution to that problem seems to be nothing more than convincing people to keep on talking.
Google has built new features, such as Voice Search and Google Now, into its products to make it easier for us to interact with the Web. "People communicate with each other by conversation, not by typing keywords -- and we've been hard at work to make Google understand and answer your questions more like people do," Google SVP Amit Singhal wrote on a company blog when those features were announced. The Moto X will learn its owner's voice and ignore all others. Many services use data culled from their users to improve their understanding of how we speak, what we're hoping to accomplish, and how they might be improved.
The rise of the conversational interface and the always-on "listen" mode is a prime example of how much we are willing to trade for the sake of convenience. Glass asks its wearers to sacrifice any semblance of societal norms for even the most basic of interactions, whether it's by encouraging users to mumble "Okay Glass" every time they want to do something or asking them to look towards the sky whenever they want to unlock the device. The Moto X will be waiting to hear "Okay Google Now" every moment it's turned on. The Xbox One asks its users to embrace a camera and microphone set that will eavesdrop on everything that happens in the most important room of the house by default.
And these aren't the only devices trying to passively collect all kinds of data about us and our surroundings. Many products and companies, from SmartThings and Zonoff to Belkin and Ninja Blocks, are trying to connect everyday objects to the Internet to make our lives a little easier.
We're willing to meet these machines on their own terms simply because of how useful they are or might be. The Internet of Things Consortium chairman and August founder Jason Johnson says that this principle applies to many technologies, whether you're talking about the Internet of Things, consumer applications, and products like the Xbox One or Glass. Once these devices have reached a point at which consumers no longer need to maintain them, he says, the "concerns over information sharing and what-have-you" go away.
They also might not know just how much they're sharing, as we've seen with the revelations of PRISM, XKEYSCORE, and other initiatives from the NSA that reportedly gather data and metadata from consumer technology companies. The Guardian illustrated just how much information is produced via simple services like email, Facebook, and Google's search tool. All kinds of other information are produced via other services and devices -- many without our knowledge.
"I think there are many, many areas like that. People don't understand what's happening but they like the benefits of technology," says SmartThings CEO Alex Hawkinson. "The companies that are out there on these systems and these technology platforms have to be mindful and protective of some core tenets of users' rights."
This sentiment was repeated during numerous calls and meetings in which I discussed concerns over how much information might be shared without users' knowledge, what the ramifications of an always-on and always-listening society might be, and how privacy and technology can co-exist. The wording is often different -- some discuss "best practices," others talked about how the market would punish any "bad players in the ecosystem" -- but they all come down to trust.
We're expected to trust that any of these companies, whether they're a startup offering an Internet of Things product or a large company like Google or Microsoft, won't do anything nefarious or untoward with our data. Trust that they're only listening so they can provide some kind of utility. Trust that the information they're collecting as a result won't be shared with government agencies or advertisers. Trust that they're only gathering and using the data that they need.
And if you don't want to share that data, or introduce a device that's always listening to you and waiting to send data back to its company's servers? That's too bad, because these companies need to gather that data to make many modern conveniences possible. The Moto X has to be always listening to make Google Now easier to access. August has to store some kind of information about who has access to our homes and when our doors were last opened to make a "smart" lock. Microsoft has to use the Kinect as a monitoring device to change the way we interact with our televisions.
Of course they're always listening. They wouldn't work otherwise. Now it's just up to us to decide if it's better to know what we're sharing through all of these devices and services or if we want to sacrifice our privacy to make our lives a little bit easier.
[Image courtesy x-ray delta one]
UPDATED
Maybe Zach Parise was inspired by Parise the horse coming off a year away and winning Woodbine's first race Saturday.
Parise arrived at Xcel Energy Center this morning in a walking boot and was expected to miss two to three weeks with a bruised foot. Now it would be shocking if that window holds up.
Parise got the media all into a tweeting lather this morning when around 10 a.m., the winger went on the ice in a tracksuit and tested the foot. He looked tentative as he pushed off. He left the ice after five minutes. I thought that was it.
Twenty minutes later, he emerged for the morning skate much to the delight of his teammates. During line rushes, he took his spot on the Parise-Mikko Koivu-Charlie Coyle line. Finally, the last line rush, Jason Zucker took Parise's spot. Coach Mike Yeo jokingly asked reporters if we even watched the skate because every he looked up, we were punching things in our phones.
Parise won't play tonight.
"I was stunned to be honest with you," Yeo said when he saw Parise come out for the skate. "I shouldn't say that because that's the way he is talking to him even yesterday. It's very encouraging. It's a great example to everybody just how bad he wants to compete and help the team."
Parise said when he limped into the arena in a walking boot this morning, he had no clue he would skate. But "I tried putting my skate on. I just wanted to see what it felt like."
He then decided to do the preskate twirl and "thought it felt good enough to at least try for a pregame skate."
At the start of the skate, Parise thought he was playing as he took regular line rushes: "I was hoping I could give it a shot, but as it went on and as I tried to do different things that are more game-like and reactionary, it hurt too much to try to be ale to play. I know that I wouldn't be effective or comfortable out there."
In Parise's mind, that two-to-three week window means nothing: "I'm more so taking it day by day and seeing how I feel and getting some treatment. Hopefully I'll be more comfortable [Thursday] and see what happens. I understand you have to, but I don't like to put a timeframe on things. I'll try to play when I can."
Parise said his foot feels better in a skate than barefoot or in sandals, which is why he decided to try to skate today.
He said when he stops and starts and quick starts at the beginning of drills, he just didn't have the power. Same with cross-overs to the one side. So he just knows he wouldn't have stability battling on the wall and protecting the puck.
Parise said of the important stretch of games coming up, "It wouldn't matter to me who we were playing. I don't like to miss games. I don't want to sit out, so it doesn't matter what the schedule looks like."
Keith Ballard will return tonight from two broken ribs and be paired with Clayton Stoner. Matt Dumba and Nate Prosser are scratched. Josh Harding will back up Niklas Backstrom and Darcy Kuemper will be reassigned.
The forwards are up in the air. In the skate, the second line was the reunited Nino Niederreiter-Mikael Granlund-Jason Pominville line. The third line was Matt Cooke-Kyle Brodziak-Dany Heatley, while the fourth line was Justin Fontaine-Zenon Konopka-Torrey Mitchell.
I think Granlund returns and Mitchell doesn't play. Mitchell is on injured reserve, so if he stays there, Zucker would be able to slot into the Koivu-Coyle line.
Mitchell has been taken off IR and Zucker has been reassigned.
Coyotes backup Thomas Greiss, who is 2-1 in five games with a 2.37 goals-against average and .928 save percentage, will start.
That's it for now. Wild actually didn't return to town until 2 p.m. yesterday as opposed to after the St. Louis game.
There was a sensor on their charter that a smoke detector wasn't working. But it wouldn't pinpoint which smoke detector, so they had to replace all nine. After staying on the plane for an hour after the game, the team filed off and returned to their downtown hotel before flying home Tuesday afternoon. That's why the Parise update came so late.
By the way, if you want to watch video of Parise winning the Woodbine race, here it is. Give the article a read above. It was a fun one.
One new genus and five new species of fan-throated lizards have been found in the drier parts of India.
Fan-throated lizards are small ground dwellers. The males flaunt a multihued, fan-shaped fold of skin on their throats during the breeding season.
Because they live in dry and barren soils, when the midday heat starts to get to them they skitter about on their rear legs.
Fan-throated lizards are restricted to parts of South Asia. Little has been known about them since the first species was reported in 1829 from India. After this, only six more species have been found: three from Nepal, two from Sri Lanka and one from India.
But V. Deepak of the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore did not believe there could be only two species of fan-throated lizards in a country as diverse in its topography as India. So he set out to find more.
Deepak and his colleagues surveyed 81 locations scattered over 61,776 square miles (160,000 sq km) across five Indian states and a union territory.
These areas are quite varied in terms of rainfall patterns and vegetation; there are many mountains and river barriers to aid the evolution of new species, says Deepak.
"You won't realize it – they all look like dry, open habitats – but if you go across all these landscapes, which is what I did for three years, I got to know that Peninsular India is much more heterogeneous than we thought," Deepak says.
During his travels he found five new species. Three belong to Sitana, the genus known before, and two to a new genus that Deepak calls Sarada, which is the local name for fan-throated lizards.
The findings have been published in the journal Contributions to Zoology.
Armed with specimens from the field, Deepak's team then got started on identifying the features that separate one species from the other.
One such feature was the morphology, including size and colour, of the dewlap: a loose, foldable flap on the throat that becomes more vivid as males grow and become sexually mature. Females do not have dewlaps.
A male fan-throated lizard will use his dewlap to woo a would-be partner by puffing it into a fan. This is made possible by the extension of a cartilaginous structure underneath the skin.
When displaying, males climb to higher ground – like a boulder or tree branch – then arch their backs upwards and stretch out the fan.
During displays, males of the genus Sitana often bob their heads up and down, while those of Sarada shake their heads left and right.
This media cannot be played on your device.
With these new discoveries, there are now 7 species of fan-throated lizards from India and 12 from the whole of South Asia. The researchers are hopeful they will find more in other unexplored areas.
Sitana visiri (Palm leaf fan-throated lizard)
The dewlap of this species is large, extending up to 56% of the trunk's length. It is serrated on the edge and thus resembles a hand-crafted palm leaf fan called "visiri" in the language of the southernmost Indian state of Tamil Nadu, where these lizards are found. The iridescent white dewlap has a prominent sky blue streak and orange spots.
The slender-bodied S. visiri prefers lowland habitats such as sandy coasts and grassland plains. It breeds during September and October with young ones hatching in January.
Sitana spinaecephalus (Spiny-headed fan-throated lizard)
This species derives its name from the Latin word "spinae", meaning "spine", and the Greek word "cephalus", meaning "head". It refers to the enlarged, spiny scales on the back of its head.
S. spinaecephalus is adapted to a life in both lowland and higher elevations of Gujarat and Maharashtra states. It was found basking on twigs and rocks in grasslands and river beds.
It too has a large dewlap, which extends up to 45% of the length of the trunk. The dewlap is yellow with a blue stripe and brown spots.
Males display to the females from May to early June.
Sitana laticeps (Broad-headed fan-throated lizard)
This species gets its name from the Latin prefix "latus" meaning "broad" and the suffix "cep" meaning "head".
It is found in rocky terrains dotted with grasses and scrubs, at altitudes ranging from 1683 to 3051 feet (513 to 930 m) above sea level. The species is confined to the hills around the city of Pune in Maharashtra.
S. laticeps has a slightly serrated, medium-sized, off-white dewlap with a blue streak on its lower jaw. The dewlap runs along 29% of the length of the trunk. Males display perched on rocks during May, June and August.
Sarada darwini (Darwin's large fan-throated lizard)
This species is found in the grasslands and cotton fields of south Maharashtra and north Karnataka, at an altitude ranging from 1804 to 2231 feet (550 to 680 m) above sea level.
It lives in deep underground crevices and can be seen basking on tufts of grass, twigs, rocks and mounds, sometimes in pairs.
Breeding takes place in May and the newly-hatched young emerge in October.
Sexually-mature males have iridescent blue, black and orange patches with yellow stripes on their large dewlap. The orange colour extends all the way down to the belly.
The species is named after Charles Darwin, who referred to the "throat-pouch" of a fan-throated lizard in his book The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex, to illustrate secondary sexual traits in reptiles.
Sarada superba (Superb large fan-throated lizard)
Extending along 59% of the trunk, S. superba sports the largest dewlap of all the five new species. The dewlap has elongated, overlapping scales with yellow stripes on the throat. It is a prominent, iridescent blue, followed by patches of black and orange.
The species' name comes from the Latin word "superbus", meaning "magnificent", and refers to the vibrant colours of its dewlap.
The lizard prefers high plateaus 3609 to 4265 feet (1100 to 1300 m) above sea level in southern Maharashtra. It hides among rocks and crevices.
S. superba males are highly territorial. When one spots a rival nearby, he warns it off by raising his crest: an additional flap that runs all the way down from the nape of the neck to the animal's rear.
Image copyright West Yorkshire Police Image caption David Ellam, 52, was attacked on Monday morning and was pronounced dead at Huddersfield Royal Infirmary at 21:00 BST
A dog previously seized by police over fears it was dangerous has attacked and killed a man days after being returned to its owner.
It is thought David Ellam, 52, was trying to protect his own Yorkshire Terrier when the larger dog turned on him.
Police had seized the dog in June on suspicion it was a banned pit bull breed, but returned it on Wednesday.
A man, 29, thought to be the dog's owner has been arrested and bailed.
More on this story and others in West Yorkshire
Mr Ellam suffered bites to his body on Riddings Road in the Sheepridge area of Huddersfield on Monday morning and was later pronounced dead in hospital.
Image caption Police and the ambulance service were called to Riddings Road in Huddersfield
Det Ch Insp Mark Swift, from West Yorkshire Police, said: "We believe that the victim was out with his own dog at the time of the attack near to his home address.
"His dog, a Yorkshire Terrier, was also injured during the incident and received emergency veterinary care."
The dog has since been returned from the vets.
Image caption Police said Rolo the terrier, pictured here the day after the attack, was attacked and required treatment for dog bites
Police said the larger dog was caught in a nearby garden and taken to kennels.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission said the matter had been referred to them by the force.
Carol Hanson, a friend of Mr Ellam, said: "We're lost for words, just devastated.
"It had only been out for five days, why did they let that dog back out, why did they let it go when it was vicious?"
Image caption The dog had a kennel and a pen near where the attack took place
Last week, a BBC investigation on the 25th anniversary of the Dangerous Dogs Act found 7,000 dogs had been put in kennels by police over the past five years.
West Yorkshire Police spent more than £550,000 on kennelling dogs over the same time period, with only the Greater Manchester and Merseyside forces spending more.
Image caption Mr Ellam was attacked outside his home on Riddings Road
Speaking to the BBC following the man's death Caroline Kisko, from the Kennel Club, said she believed the act was "completely flawed".
She said the legislation had led to people "being fooled into thinking that just the way a dog looks defines its behaviour".
"The problem is that we've been given the idea that we are all secure because the Dangerous Dogs Act has vilified a certain type of dog and therefore, as long as they're illegal, we're all safe," she said.
"Any dog can be dangerous if it is wrongly handled and wrongly trained."
On the last day of June, shortly after three Israeli teens had been kidnapped and Palestine was about to be attacked, Rachel Maddow ran a three-minute segment on the developing issues in the region. The short piece ran at the very end of her show, but she explained to her viewers that, “No one quite knows what daybreak is going to bring. We'll keep you apprised of developments.”
This turned out to be something of an inaccurate statement, especially if she was not just referring to her network, MSNBC, but specifically referencing her program, The Rachel Maddow Show. Maddow hasn't mentioned the conflict once since touching upon it fleetingly last month; not one word about dead Palestinian civilians, not even Muhammed Abu Khdeir, the boy who was burned to death by Israeli vigilantes. Since the ascent of Barack Obama, MSNBC has been defined by its liberal outlook and, like many American progressives, they frequently come up short when it comes to the subject of Israel. However, Maddow's silence is especially glaring, even by the standards of MSNBC: Joy Reid did a segment on Tariq Abu Khdeir, the Florida teen, who was beaten by Israeli police while protesting his cousin's murder and Chris Hayes analyzed the vast differential between civilian deaths.
During the first week of July, Maddow's producer Steve Benen defended the show's lack of coverage, to journalist Zaid Jilani, by citing that one three-minute clip and pointing out that the staff had been off for the holiday. However, their return from Independence Day celebrations yielded no new analysis of America's favorite client state. Maddow spent the week covering things like John McCain confusing two people with similar names, the Republican National Convention “jinx”, and, of course, Chris Christie. These are all staples of the MSNBC experience, red meat for an Obama-supporting demographic that loves to hear about how silly the GOP is and the only people who don't groan when Ed Schultz conducts audience polls like, “Are Republicans Angier than Two Black Labs Fighting Over a Toy?” Of course, one of the problems with trusting MSNBC, as some sort of viable alternative to other corporate media, is that this entire act is frequently trotted out in lieu of developing stories that transcend the contours of America's rotted two-party system. So, viewers hear about Sarah Palin's latest wacky observation rather than hear something about Chelsea Manning, Obama breaking a strike in Philly, or the demolition of Palestinian homes. During an appearance on Real Time With Bill Maher, Maddow defended MSNBC's unrelenting coverage of The Christie Bridge Scandal, which has become the liberal Benghazi, explaining that she was, “totally obsessed with the Christie story, unapologetically.” When, the admittedly ridiculous, Charles Cooke suggested that, perhaps, MSNBC was focusing on the Governor of New Jersey so much because he might be the Republican presidential candidate in 2016, Maddow mocked the idea as if it was one of the craziest things she had ever heard.
Maddow's snark is symbolic. Unlike Fox News, which seems to be stocked with a decent amount of snake oil salesmen, the MSNBC staff are some of the least cynical people working in media today. Last summer, I wrote a book on the politics of the network and, if there was one consistent element that popped up with each personality I researched, it was their unrelenting belief that they can work on any story they want. Rachel Maddow really thinks she has the freedom to cover anything in Israel if she wanted to and, if she did decide to cover it, she really believes she would produce something completely objective. People who think Maddow is being censored, on the subject of Israel, have probably never heard her pontificate on the subject. For a good crash-course on her perception of the conflict, watch her intro to a story from 2009:
“You undoubtedly saw the headlines today: ‘Israel Launches Third Day of Attacks on Gaza,' It is a tiny country, a Jewish state, right smack-dab in the middle of the Arab world. Surrounded on all sides by Arab nations, many of whom do not recognize Israel's right to exist. Israel was, in a sense, conceived by war. A day after it declared its independence in May, 1948, it was attacked by five neighboring countries, Egypt, Jordan, Syria, Lebanon, and Iraq. What followed were decades of endless wars, fought on and near Israeli soil. A war with Egypt in 1956, another with Egypt and Jordan and Syria in 1967, another with Egypt and Syria in 1973, one with Lebanon in 1982, and so on, and so on, and so on. And on top of various military entanglements with its neighbors, Israel has also been embroiled in various uprisings within its own borders, among the Palestinian people. You all recall that famous handshake, at the White House, right? Palestinian leader, Yasser Arafat, and Israeli Prime Minister, Yitzhak Rabin, agreeing to a Declaration of Principles, that said the Palestinians would be allowed to govern themselves in two areas, in the West Bank, a swath of land along Israel's border with Jordan, and another tiny sliver of land along the Mediterranean Sea, that's known as the Gaza Strip. The war being fought at this hour is in that little sliver of land, the Gaza Strip—it's actually only about twice the size of Washington D.C. Now, Israel withdrew from that land in 2005, but they still control the airspace, the territorial waters, and the Gaza-Israeli border. They're currently [uh] enforcing an embargo on the Gaza Strip. Once the Palestinians [aggrieved some uh] achieved some degree of independence there, they did what independent people do—what the U.S. in fact, encouraged them to do. They held elections. And in those elections, the ruling nationalist party, Yassar Arafat's party, Fatah, was defeated soundly by Hamas. Now, Fatah was no League of Women Voters, but say what you will about them, they did begrudgingly accept, theoretically, Israel's right to exist. Hamas? Not so much. Not so much at all. The charter of Hamas explicitly calls for the destruction of Israel. [Uh] Hamas is listed as a terrorist organization by both the United States and the European Union. The net result of that election for Israel? Yet another neighbor bent on its complete destruction. Israel says rockets and mortars lobbed from Gaza into Israel killed nine Israeli civilians since the beginning of this year. A shaky ceasefire between Gaza and Israel that had been brokered by Egypt, that expired just a little more than a week ago. On Saturday then, there was a surprise, broad-daylight, coordinated air-assault, by the Israeli military, on what Israel says were military targets in Gaza. Another round of headlines that scream, ‘Chaos in the Middle East,' ‘Chaos in the Middle East Erupts Again.' More than 300 dead on the Palestinian side in the last three days. Three confirmed dead so far on the Israeli side. Israel's critics decry a ‘disproportionate response' to the rocket fire, and emboldened Iranian Ayatollah Khamenei says that any Muslim who dies in defense of Gaza would be deemed a martyr. Israel's defenders decry the Hamas government's refusal to recognize Israel's right to exist and, of course, the unprovoked missile fire into southern Israel. Today, Israel's United Nations ambassador said the goal of Israel's military offensive is to, quote, ‘destroy completely' Hamas. Meanwhile, Palestinian rocket fire into Israel continued, despite the massive Israeli military attack. Now, as President Bush refuses to interrupt his last vacation as President to say anything about the Middle East tinderbox he purports to focus on so intently, is there hope that our new Presidential leadership in our country could make a difference there? Or [i-is] is this a situation in which there will always be violence which precludes a political solution—and without a political solution, we can't ever have anything but more violence? Do you think that our kids, and their kids, and their kids will inexorably, inevitably, read the same headlines from the Middle East that we do now, and that we have for so many years?
There are many problems with Maddow's historical analysis here, but let's start with, perhaps, the biggest one: she doesn't mention the United States government's connection to Israel, or the billions of dollars, in American taxpayer money, that Israel receives every year. Israel's occupation of Palestine is, frequently, covered in mainstream media like it's a confounding puzzle that can't possibly be solved, but yanking United States support for it is, quite obviously, the logical starting point. The fact Maddow stays within this narrative is interesting, as she is the author a book critiquing America's devotion to war, but don't read Drift: The Unmooring of American Military Power, expecting to hear much about Israel: the country is barely mentioned and the longest passage, has nothing to do with Palestine, but concerns its connection to Reagan's Iran policy.
Maddow also references the election of Hamas as if it occurred in a vacuum, with no mention of fact the organization was incubated by Israel or any comment regarding why their message resonated with the citizens of Palestine. She doesn't point out that Hamas has, previously, sought to negotiate a state along the 1967 borders, contrary to popular belief. She doesn't say anything about how Palestinian leadership has colluded with Israel and, continually, sold out the population.
Maddow's concluding speculation, that this conflict might rage on for future generations, presents the situation as nothing more than a senseless cycle of violence, perpetrated by both sides, possibly for the rest of our lives. But there's nothing senseless about it, if one understands the basic principles of US hegemony or the idea of Zionism. Palestine isn't a puzzle that can only be comprehended by policy experts, it's a country being subjected to daily brutalities and an international scandal far more disturbing than any nefarious traffic jam in New Jersey.
Of course.
Media's response to major party nominee being implicated in felony: Silence
As soon as James O'Keefe released the video and Rob and I discussed putting something together about it, we figured this was going to happen. A man closely associated with the Clinton campaign and the DNC - not knowing he's being recorded, of course - admits that Hillary is illegally giving orders for idiotic hijinks to go on at Donald Trump rallies. The point is not how stupid the whole Donald Duck thing is (and it's very stupid indeed). The point is that a candidate cannot be giving orders to a Super PAC to do things. That's a felony violation of campaign law. It's the sort of thing that, once it's known, becomes a major scandal and a huge news story. It dominates the morning shows. It brings legal experts onto the afternoon shows to discuss what this means for the election. Its the biggest headline of the month - candidate implicated in felony.
Oh! Sorry! That's true if it's a normal candidate. When it's Hillary Clinton who was caught committing the felony, you can predict exactly what the media's response is going to be - utter silence. How uniform was it? Check this screenshot from late yesterday afternoon, a little over 24 hours after O'Keefe released the video. I did a news search for Robert Creamer. What do you see? Media's response to major party nominee being implicated in felony: Silence Yep. All the coverage, without exception, is from conservative online media or talk radio. Absolutely nothing from the mainstream. Absolutely no coverage of a major party nominee being implicated in a felony. I would use the word unbelievable, but how can I use that word when we fully expected it?
The media are trying to defeat Trump and help Hillary get elected Now you can imagine the likely explanations, of course. The most obvious one would be that they don't like O'Keefe's method of using hidden cameras to record people, which is hilarious coming from the people who went hog wild over a certain tape of Donald Trump just three weeks ago. They might also argue that Creamer's comments on the video are not admissible in court, which is true. But they're not a court. They're the media. Are the claims of Trump's female accusers admissible in court? Some yes, some no, probably. But don't tell me for one second that they make that calculation when they decide to rush to the air with the story. The fact of the matter is that this would have been a massive story if not for one thing, and it's something we also talked about yesterday: The media are trying to defeat Trump and help Hillary get elected, and covering this story would be working at cross-purposes with their agenda. You can complain about media bias in all kinds of large and small ways, and you can argue about whether it's really happening or you're just wanting more favorable coverage for your side than is reasonable to expect. But when a story this big is so universally ignored, there's no way you can deny any further that the fix is in.
Our media are a disgrace. There's no redeeming them Like I said last week, it's not voting fraud that's rigging this election. It's the news media. They do it by playing up narratives that help Hillary and ignoring anything that won't help her. Like, the truth about Hillary. They buried this news because this news has the potential to bury her, and they know it. Much of the media claim would have you believe they're only helping Hillary now because Trump is so dangerous or whatever, but that we shouldn't worry because once she's president they'll “hold her accountable” or whatever. No they won't. You can't claim you'll hold someone accountable when you helped hide the truth so as to put her in power, which is exactly what they've been doing this entire campaign - and never more so than the past few days. Our media are a disgrace. There's no redeeming them. Ever.
Only YOU can save CFP from Social Media Suppression. Tweet, Post, Forward, Subscribe or Bookmark us
Dan Calabrese's column is distributed by HermanCain.com, which can be found at HermanCain
Follow all of Dan's work, including his series of Christian spiritual warfare novels, by liking his page on Facebook.
Please adhere to our commenting policy to avoid being banned. As a privately owned website, we reserve the right to remove any comment and ban any user at any time.Comments that contain spam, advertising, vulgarity, threats of violence and death, racism, anti-Semitism, or personal or abusive attacks on other users may be removed and result in a ban.-- Follow these instructions on registering
A rookie cop from New Jersey was busted for drunk driving — and caught in a dashcam video trying to use her badge to weasel out of the arrest.
Stephanie Roggina, an officer with the Scotch Plains Police Department, led police on a brief chase and failed to pull over on Aug. 26, 2016, in Flemington, according to the Trentonian.
In the dashcam video, Roggina can be seen swerving along the road and apparently hitting a guardrail before she's pulled over by Lt. Scott Crater.
“I'm a cop,” Roggina slurred to Crater after being handcuffed. “I work in Scotch Plains. My number is 140.”
Crater responded, “Well, then you should know better, right?”
At another point, Roggina appeared to drop the name of her former boss, retired Scotch Plains Police Chief Brian Mahoney.
“Do you know Brian?” she asked Crater.
Roggina's arrest had been previously reported, but the shocking recording was posted by the Trentonian after the newspaper sued to make it public.
She joined the Scotch Plains department in June 2016 and was immediately suspended without pay, according to the paper.
Roggina, 26, was charged with a slew of offenses — including driving while intoxicated, eluding and reckless driving — stemming from the incident.
She was indicted on one count of resisting arrest but pleaded guilty to a downgraded charge of disorderly conduct. Her no-jail sentence included paying a small fine.
The outcome of the other charges and her current status with the department are not clear.
OpinionCatholic Church
March 20, 2017 (LifeSiteNews) — Is the Catholic Church's traditional sexual morality too rigid? Cardinal Christoph Schönborn's flock is certainly being led to think so.
In December, the website of the Archdiocese of Vienna led by Schönborn published a new presentation of the Ten Commandments. It included a commentary on the Sixth Commandment, “Thou shalt not commit adultery,” that could be interpreted to justify everything from masturbation to pornography and prostitution.
The article concludes — openly invoking Pope Francis' solicitude for sinners — that refusing communion to the divorced and remarried “seems very questionable from a theological point of view.”
Says the article on the diocesan website: "Under its present formulation, the Sixth Commandment does not intend to make a general negative judgment on sexuality, nor does it justify the global prohibition of acts such as masturbation, pornography, prostitution, etc.”
Whether Cardinal Schönborn is personally aware of the text is a moot point. But he is responsible for it insofar as it purports to present the teachings of the Church under the official heading of the Catholic diocese of Vienna – and has been online for more than three months.
It says the Sixth Commandment “appears at first sight to be clear and unequivocal.” But things are not so clear-cut. “From the start, it is at the basis of the Catholic understanding of marriage and at the same time provides an irrefutable argument against divorce. But this leads to losing sight of one fact: the Ten Commandments, like all rules and laws, respond to specific social challenges and are products of their time. In order to clarify the original intention of the Sixth Commandment, it is necessary to consider the context in which it was born.”
The context is given by Deuteronomy 22:22, which the text calls “very instructive:” “If a man is discovered lying with a woman who is married to another, they both shall die, the man who was lying with the woman and the woman.” The text goes on to comment the Bible quote: “The woman is guilty of adultery because she has betrayed her marriage; the man, because he has intruded into another's marriage. If a woman had sexual relations outside of her marriage, she was always an adulterer. A married man, on the other hand, only committed adultery if he had relations with another married woman.”
On the other hand, a man who had relations with a woman who was neither betrothed nor married was legally obliged to pay a fine and marry her and would not be allowed to divorce her, Deuteronomy also says, which isn't getting off lightly …
The diocese's text continues: “This way of treating man and woman in a way that seems to us unjust should be considered from the viewpoint of patriarchal social and family order that was the order of Israel. Since the married woman was, in the broad meaning of the word, a possession of her husband, adultery constituted an offense with regard to his right and his property. Moreover, the wife's sexual fidelity provided the husband with a guarantee as to the legitimacy of his offspring. Thus, the Sixth Commandment was at first a norm destined to protect the perpetuation of the bloodline, social order and the idea of justice.”
Saint John Paul II, in his Theology of the Body, writes about this:
“On the basis of the analysis which we have previously carried out regarding Christ's reference to the ‘beginning' in his discourse on the indissolubility of marriage and on the act of repudiation, the following is evident. He clearly saw the basic contradiction that the matrimonial law of the Old Testament had hidden within itself by accepting actual polygamy, namely the institution of the concubine, together with legal wives, or else the right of cohabitation with the slave. Such a right, while it combated sin, at the same time contained within itself, or rather protected, the social dimension of sin, which it actually legalized. In these circumstances it became necessary for the fundamental ethical sense of the commandment, ‘You shall not commit adultery,' to also undergo a basic reassessment. In the Sermon on the Mount, Christ revealed that sense again, namely by going beyond its traditional and legal restrictions.” (August 20, 1980.)
This true, Catholic perspective does not appear at all in the text officially published by the archdiocese of Vienna. The text instead proposes to “translate the Sixth Commandment for today:”
“Since the social organization of the people of Israel is radically different from ours, the outlawing of adultery must ever be re-translated for our time, so as not to lose its relevance. For a long time, the tradition of the Church has attached to this Sixth Commandment all things pertaining to sexuality, and it collectively considered all sex acts outside of marriage as mortal sins.
“Such an interpretation does not stand up to the results of exegesis nor to the quest of theological ethics for a differentiated evaluation.”
This is a long way indeed from the presentation of the Sixth Commandment by the Catechism of the Catholic Church, which says:
“Jesus came to restore creation to the purity of its origins. In the Sermon on the Mount, he interprets God's plan strictly: ‘You have heard that it was said, You shall not commit adultery. But I say to you that every one who looks at a woman lustfully has already committed adultery with her in his heart.' What God has joined together, let not man put asunder. “The tradition of the Church has understood the Sixth Commandment as encompassing the whole of human sexuality.” (N° 2336)
The archdiocese has a different vision. Under the heading: “No depreciation of sexuality,” it continues:
“Under its present formulation, the Sixth Commandment does not intend to make a general negative judgment on sexuality, nor does it justify the global prohibition of acts such as masturbation, pornography, prostitution, etc. It cannot even serve to justify easily the indissolubility of marriage, but on the contrary assumes a right to divorce that also existed in Israel.”
So, does the archdiocese go on to say that the Catholic Church teaches that all these things are grave evils? Not at all. It muddles the issue by continuing:
“Having respect for the marriage of others. The present relevance of the prohibition of adultery resides much more in the protection of marriage as a community of faithful love in a community formed by a man and a woman with equal rights. “This is the request that it addresses to the man and to the woman: firstly, it recalls the constant respect one must have for the marriage of others, in which one should not intrude. On the other hand, it invites the spouses to keep in mind respect for their own marriage and wants to keep them from carelessly putting it at risk.”
So, can they put it at risk with all due care?
The text then speaks of marriage as a “precious sign of love” in which “God's love for mankind, full of tenderness, becomes visible.”
But “can men love as God loves?” To that question, the answer is consistent with the new morality of Amoris laetitia:
“Confronted with such strong words, one is prompted to ask: Is that not asking too much of man? Can man love like God? Surely, man is the image of God (cf. Genesis 1:27) who is Himself love and fidelity, but man is not the model. “To be a man is to be imperfect and capable of failing – in marriage as well; the opposite of ‘man' would be ‘perfect.' The Pope, the bishops and their theological counselors, being aware of the fact, are looking for a humane solution for those who are called the divorced and remarried, that is, persons who consider their sacramental marriage to have failed and who are committed in a relationship with another partner, a union from which other obligations derive. “Excluding them – as was done up till now – from the sacrament of the Eucharist by referring to Jesus and his concern for mankind seems very questionable from a theological point of view. Christian marriage is an ideal towards which spouses walk together, the Sixth Commandment guides them and the love and fidelity of God give them the motivation to walk this road.”
Clearly, the Archdiocese of Vienna favors giving communion to adulterers.
But it goes one step further, subtly raising doubts about the validity of the Church's teaching on human sexuality by suggesting that masturbation, pornography, prostitution and the like need to be re-evaluated and cannot be deemed to be prohibited by the Ten Commandments, these being relative to time and place.
While the text on www.erzdioezese-wien.at does not openly say that these acts are not gravely sinful, it does introduce the general idea that they should not be rejected as such because the Church has a positive vision of sexuality. It is the sort of relativism that helps people to make excuses for themselves or even imagine that they are doing right, since nothing is openly and clearly said about sex outside of marriage.
For the record, the presentation of the Fifth Commandment on the archdiocese's website – “Thou shalt not kill” –adopts a very different approach, explaining that all murder of innocent human life is forbidden and adding Jesus' words in the Sermon on the Mount to show that not only murder is wrong but also “abusing and degrading fellow human beings, even through calumny and intimidation.”
Shaheen's Legislation to Ban Kaspersky Software Government-Wide Passes Senate As Part of Annual Defense Bill
Shaheen's Legislation to Ban Kaspersky Software Government-Wide Passes Senate As Part of Annual Defense Bill
**Shaheen's amendment works in tandem with the Trump administration's directive last week to all federal agencies to remove Kaspersky software within 90 days**
(Washington, DC)—U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) issued the following statement after her amendment that bans the use of Kaspersky Lab software across the federal government passed the Senate as part of the FY 18 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). Her amendment was added to the bill on Thursday through a voice vote. Last week, the Department of Homeland Security announced that all federal agencies must remove Kaspersky software from computers within 90 days.
“The case against Kaspersky Lab is overwhelming,” said Shaheen. “The strong ties between Kaspersky Lab and the Kremlin are alarming and well-documented. I'm very pleased that the Senate has acted in a bipartisan way on my amendment that removes a real vulnerability to our national security. I applaud the Trump administration for heeding my call to remove Kaspersky Lab software from all federal computers. It's important that this prohibition also be a part of statute and be expanded to the entire federal government, as my amendment would do. Considering the strong bipartisan, bicameral support for this proposal, I'm optimistic this will soon be signed into law.”
Senator Shaheen is a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee. Earlier this month, Senator Shaheen authored an editorial for the New York Times, warning of the dangers of the United States government using Kaspersky Lab products.
My five-year-old son Felix is a hand-holder. Whether strolling down the street, or climbing the steps to build LEGO in his room, or escorting me out of his pre-K classroom at drop-off, he wraps his soft little digits around my long, dry, increasingly wrinkled ones. Sometimes he holds my hand to offer a gentle squeeze of support, or to emphasize a joke, or simply to express gratitude.
Me? I've never been into such public displays of affection. My wife would reach for my hand and I'd give it to her all limp, hanging heavy and listless. I'd rather make out, which at least seems passionate, then link myself to another person in such a corny, weak, co-dependent way. Walking arm-in-arm, ok. But holding hands is so ... girly.
At least that's what I thought. My son, with his hand holding, warm cuddling, and bear hugging, has shown me the joys of not just having feelings, but expressing them with no shields up or self-conscious tics, and without designating activities as feminine or masculine. That this was a bias I even had has surprised me, because I had considered myself a liberal guy when it comes to gender.
[my son] came to regard pink as his favorite color, and only encountered the “pink is for girls” BS from his peers. More so than Woody or Buzz Lightyear, he adored Jesse the Cowgirl from Toy Story, and wouldn't just play with her but sleep with her as well.
In college, I sometimes enjoyed donning a dress for parties, and spent a year or so clipping my long hair back with barrettes and wearing either silky women's blouses or oversized men's business shirts. I admired (and still do) androgynous figures like Emcee from Cabaret, or 1970's era David Bowie. Even at Oberlin, where I went to school, this garnered attention.
After college, I left a corporate job because it struck me as being an old boys club, specifically a white old boys club, and I went to teach in underserved neighborhoods of New York City, where I was often one of the few men in the building. I had no problem working with and for women, or voting for women, or with anything about women, aside from holding hands, which my wife often complained about. “Will you relax and just take my hand!” she'd say. Maybe on trips to Europe, but not when walking the streets of New York.
At least, not till my son came on the scene. When he was born it made sense that I, a writer, would stay home with him while my wife returned to her job. Staying at home didn't appeal to her, while finding a job just to throw most of the salary away on childcare seemed foolish to me. Besides, I wanted to be there as closely as I could to experience life with our baby. It didn't occur to me that this decision had a political element, but of course it does. My wife and I believed that I could do just as good a job caring for my son as she could, just as she can be as good a leader in the workplace as I could.
In my first couple of years home with my son, I didn't identify myself as a feminist dad. I figured feminism was something you needed to study, and, once, when a friend said I was a real feminist, I even looked up the word to make sure that it was an attitude a man can claim. (It is.)
As my son learned to speak and ask questions about the world, I realized how deeply ingrained my feminism is. He came to regard pink as his favorite color, and only encountered the “pink is for girls” BS from his peers. More so than Woody or Buzz Lightyear, he adored Jesse the Cowgirl from Toy Story, and wouldn't just play with her but sleep with her as well. She was to him what Woody is to Andy in the movie, and again, he never had an inkling this might not be the norm for most boys until his peers told him so.
Hearing Felix spout crap like "girls wear pink dresses" or "boys don't put color on their toenails" brought heat to my cheeks. And so I began to take a more actively feminist stance in my parenting, talking with him about gender roles and identity in ways he would be able to understand. Pointing out, for example, that his mother doesn't own a single pink dress, and telling him about how I used to paint my nails. When we watch TV, I often comment on the gender of the characters, and sometimes criticize shows for relegating women to side-characters, or denying them the full range of powers and autonomy that the men have.
I've come to recognize that there is a political dimension to my domestic choices and my work. If men don't decide to be more involved around the house and with childcare, and more candid discussing these decisions, then the gender dynamic in our culture that sees women as primarily responsible for children or affected by having a family will never change. Now I own that.
These days, I have no issues holding my wife's hand when we're out and about, or my son's, despite the fact that, yes, once we were criticized by someone on the street, who announced as we passed that he was too old to be holding his daddy's hand. Felix looked at me after she said that, and I could see him gauging my reaction. “Some people just aren't comfortable seeing people love one another,” I told him. “I think that's sad.”
“Me too,” he said.
“I'll hold your hand whenever you like.”
He didn't say thanks, he just gave my fingers a little squeeze.
Kirin Breweries, one of Japan's top beermakers, is about to pay $9.2 million for a minority stake Yo-Ho Brewing, a brewery with just 30 employees located deep in Japan's mountainous Nagano prefecture, Nikkei's Asian Review reports. While Yo-Ho's staff is small, the company's Yona Yona Ale has been lauded in Japan and internationally, and sales have grown by double digits in recent years.
Yo-Ho's sales growth is a stark contrast to the overall beer industry in Japan, which is dominated by Sapporo, Asahi and Kirin. Overall beer consumption has been declining for over a decade, as Japanese consumers embrace lower-calorie drinks like white wine spritzers and cheap canned cocktails.
Kirin's deal is the first big acquisition by a major Japanese brewer into the local craft brewing market, but it all the signs are right for a Japanese version of the takeover of the US craft-brewing industry. Japan's big brewers like Asahi have sought out acquisitions overseas (paywall) in recent years to offset a decline in domestic beer demand. But continued weakness in the yen and the growing popularity of local craft brews may turn their focus toward home.
Since the Japanese government changed laws in the mid-1990s, dozens of microbreweries have sprung up around the country, not unlike the US's small brewery craze. Japan's breweries—often run by families who have brewed sake for generations—make beers that are sometimes reminiscent of European and US styles, but are known for drawing from a “far wider range of unusual ingredients” and relentlessly refining their brewing techniques and end products.
Just as the Japanese pursuit of perfection (paywall) is spawning restaurants that now offer up French food that's better than what's available in France and espressos that rival Italy's, Japan's craft brewers are now making some of the best beers in the world. They include Osaka's Minoh Brewery, owned by three sisters, which won the World's Best Imperial IPA award in 2013:
And the Coedo Brewery in Kawagoe, which won a silver in the “American-style amber lager” category at the 2014 World Beer Cup for its Kyara beer:
Japan's craft brewers are “taking things from other places, tweaking them and making them better,” Mark Meli, the author of Japan's first guide to microbreweries in English, told The New York Times earlier this year. Perhaps because of these improvements, Japan's consumption of craft beers increased from 29 million liters in 2008 to 35 million in 2013, a jump of 21%, according to Japan's Craft Beer Association.
Despite the growth, the market remains small; domestic microbreweries only account for about 1% of Japan's beer consumption, the publisher of the Japan Beer Times told Bloomberg last year. That's in part because prices are high—as much as twice what you'd pay for an Asahi or a Kirin. Still, brewers are optimistic that the weak yen could spark even more interest in local craft beers, as US and European imports become more expensive.
On The Ninth Day Of Fun I present… something a bit different? Last year I covered the meaning and history behind the New Year's kanzashi that are prominent features in three of the five kagai. So this year, we'll be looking specifically at the design for 2019 and the meaning behind it. As always, all kanzashi are from Kazurasei.
Image courtesy of Kazurasei.
Matsu (松) - Pine
Ezogiku (蝦夷菊) - Chinese Asters
I am going to completely admit that I find 2019′s design to be a bit lacklustre compared to recent years. It's very, very traditional, which isn't a bad thing, but there have been such unique additions, like 2018′s bases for the plum blossoms, the pearl centers for the ezogiku in 2017, the adorable cranes for 2016, and I could go on. The gold wire that the pine sits on, along with the addition of small pieces of mizuhiki on each pine “petal” and the metallic thread used to wrap the pine needles, does make it very shiny though. The other issue that I have is that the actual design doesn't have pine needles, but is rather just large clumps of pine. It also looks very similar to the 2012, which is identical to the one seen above but with yellow centers of the ezogiku. You could also make a case for the colors of the pine being slightly different as the senior pine in 2012 were green and 2019′s are orange and pink, but the junior versions for both years are still red and green. For comparison's sake, here's the 2012 version:
Image courtesy of Risha Soul.
And here's 2019:
Image courtesy of Tetsuto JP.
However, I digress as the symbols were almost certainly chosen for their auspicious nature and hope for the coming year. Back in 2012 Japan was going through some rough financial times, so hoping for strength, which is what pine symbolizes, makes perfect sense. In 2019 we'll see the abdication of the emperor and a new era for the first time in 31 years, so pine, also being a symbol of masculinity, makes a great deal of sense here too. Pine is emphasized so much that it's even appearing with the rice, dove, and plum blossom maezashi that all maiko and geiko wear, as seen below.
Image courtesy of Kazurasei.
Since 2019 is also The Year of The Pig/Boar in the traditional Asian zodiac the pine makes a great deal of sense here too. In Japanese this year is actually called “The Year of The Boar” as they do not use the term “pig” since pigs are not native to Japan, but they sure do have plenty of wild boar! Not only are wild boars traditionally found in forests, but 2019 is the year of the Earth/Wood Boar. In the traditional Asian zodiac all signs correspond with one of five elements: water, fire, air, earth, and metal. However, you'll sometimes see people translate earth as “wood” or metal as “earth” and things can get confusing really quickly. The symbol for earth during this time is “土,” which is the same in Japanese as it means “dirt,” but since that can get confusing the “earth” is sometimes swapped for “wood.” What's more confusing is that the kanji for tree “木” looks like an upside down version of “土.” So, a woody motif for a woody year along with a woodland creature actually makes the symbolism pretty on point in the end ^^
London: Anyone who has played any sport in some capacity knows bad days happen. In a team sport, if you have a bad day, you hope someone else in the team would pick up the slack.
A cricket team in England found out otherwise. In a spectacular case of collective failure, the team was bowled out for zero in just 20 balls in a county six-a-side indoor championships match.
The rare result came during the Kent regional finals of the England and Wales Cricket Board's (ECB) national six-a-side championship when the Bapchild Cricket Club failed to trouble the scorers in an indoor game against Christ Church University in Canterbury.
The infamous scorecard pic.twitter.com/CReA8vtggk — CCSU Cricket (@CCSUCricket) February 11, 2016
The team lost the game by 120 runs.
Christ Church spinner Mike Rose was quoted as saying by 'Crawley Observer' newspaper: "We all couldn't really believe it to be honest, bowling a team out for 0, especially indoors.
"I think I was the only fielder to touch the ball off the bat!"
Somerset club Langport set the record for the lowest score when they were dismissed for zero in 1913.
Wirral CC were bowled out for three in a Cheshire League Division Three fixture in 2014 -- though they had 11 players and were 0-8 at one stage.
In first-class cricket, the lowest score ever made is six -- by The B's against England at the old Lord's ground in 1810 -- while New Zealand's 26 against England in 1955 remains the lowest total scored in a Test match.
With PTI inputs
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
The reelection of Governor Scott Walker merely confirmed what trade unionists should already understand—labor's current strategies have little chance of success. In the post election soul-searching, labor analysts have questioned the turn towards Democratic party politics, the influence of corporate money in the elections, and the demobilization of 2011 Wisconsin uprising. Doug Henwood in a far-reaching critique worth reading zeroed in on the narrowness of unions under the modern system of collective bargaining.
All of these factors are important and worthy of discussion. The crisis of public employee unionism, however, runs much deeper. Winning the Wisconsin recall could perhaps have helped slowed the decline of public unionism, but the crisis of public employee unionism cannot be solved at the ballot box. Confronting labor's crisis requires a reexamination of key elements of trade union strategy.
This article will discuss two elements of labor strategy. The first concerns the role of the strike in the creation of both the public and private sector labor movements, as well as the subsequent abandonment of labor's strike strategy in the last two decades. The second involves labor's retreat into the public sector.
In the decades following the 1930s, the center of gravity in the labor movement was in the private sector. With the development of powerful forms of strike activity in the 1930s, the labor movement was able to organize key industries and transform working conditions for a generation of working class Americans.
Public sector workers, however, were left behind in the 1930s generation labor upsurge. Public employee unions of this period rarely struck, relied on lobbying efforts, and generally engaged in “collective begging” rather than collective bargaining. In 1958, there were only 15 public employee strikes in the entire nation. Public employee unions represented only nine percent of public workers going into the 1960s.
In the decade and a half following 1960, public workers engaged in a period of intense strike activity. Teachers, sanitation workers, and even police and firefighters struck repeatedly for union recognition and to bring pay and benefits up to their private sector counterparts. As Professor Joseph McCartin, a leading authority on public sector strikes, noted: “While the antiwar protests of 1970 are better remembered, the militancy of government workers was not less evident. New Jersey alone say twenty-five five public sector strikes—up from only one in 1962. During the first three months of 1970s, U.S. public workers struck government agencies at a rate of one every thirty-six hours. Over a ten-week period, strikes erupted in twenty-four cities and twenty-eight schools systems.”
This strike wave consisted of for the most part illegal strikes. Up until Hawaii legalized some public employee strikes in 1970, all strikes by public employees were illegal. Public workers violated injunctions, won community support, and more often than not came out victorious during their strikes.
By striking, public employees won not only major improvements in paying and working conditions. They also won collective bargaining rights and the very legal right to strike. In almost every instance where striking was legalized, it was preceded by illegal strike activity. State legislatures passed laws permitting striking as a means of controlling and standardizing strike activity. As one academic noted, “State legislatures that legalize strikes by public employees do not intend to encourage work stoppages. Rather, they believe that once strikes are legal, they can be regulated and procedures can be required which will reduce the incidence of strikes and shorten those strikes that do occur.”
The militancy of public employee unionism during this period rested on a still powerful private sector labor movement. Almost a third of private sector workers belonged to unions in the mid-1950s. Density was even higher in the key industrial states where public employee unions were concentrated. Public employees fought to enjoy the gains private sector workers had won in the previous decades: pensions, health care, and control over working conditions.
Which brings us to the second point: we cannot have a labor movement primarily based in the public sector. Union standards matter. Most private sector workers have lost access to quality health care and the defined benefit pension plans which were key elements of union contracts through the 1980s. After several decades of withering management attacks, unionization levels in the private sector are down to a mere seven percent, the lowest in 100 years. To the extent union standards are eroded in the private sector, we should expect great difficulty maintaining them in the public sector.
That is what is happening in state after state. In Wisconsin in the year leading up to the 2011 attack on public workers, Wisconsin corporations engaged in an aggressive and successful attack on private sector unions. Wisconsin employers such as Harley-Davidson, Mercury Marine and the Kohler Corporation won concessions under the threat of plant closures or relocations.
While attacking public employee unions, politicians such as Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker and Ohio Governor John Kasich speak of the “haves” and the “have nots.” These politicians are not referring, of course to the real “haves”—the one percent of the population that owns over half the wealth in this country. Rather, they portray public workers trying to defend hard won benefits as the haves, sowing division between private sector and public sector workers.
So what does this mean for union strategy?
First, we need to recognize that the long term survival of the labor movement rests in our ability to regain power in the private sector. Capital must be confronted directly in its seat of power. That means, hard as it may be, redeveloping an effective strike. Just as John Lewis and the United Mineworkers of America funded the organizing of the auto and steel industries, public sector unions as a matter of survival need to support the creation of a militant strike-based organizing drive in the private sector. Unless we can drive up standards in the private sector, we will be unable to maintain them in the public sector.
Second, understanding that we did not win unionization at the ballot box should be key to our current strategy. The clear lesson from numerous academic studies over the years is that whether the law permitted striking had little effect on strike activity among public employees. Far more important was the level of grassroots organization, the overall militancy of the working class, and the development of a consciousness rejecting limitations on the right to strike.
Finally, the real lesson of Wisconsin should not be the loss of the recall effort. The real lesson is the power of people in motion. A little over a year ago, tens of thousands of workers in Wisconsin took to the streets to defend bargaining rights for public employees. Through dramatic action they isolated labor's enemies, crystallized class relations in America, and created a crisis for the powers that be. When labor does come roaring back, we can be sure, it will look a lot more like the 2011 occupation of the Wisconsin state capital than the recall effort of 2012.
PolarPol
PolarPol is a listserve which discusses polar current affairs and is aimed at building a better sense of community among polar researchers, policymakers and journalists. The listserve has a broad international membership with members from Iceland to China. The list is managed by Anne-Marie Brady, School of Social and Political Sciences, University of Canterbury.
The Polar Journal
The Polar Journal is a peer-reviewed, multidisciplinary journal. It welcomes papers on polar affairs from all fields of the social sciences and the humanities. The main purpose of the journal is to develop a forum for the scholarly discussion of polar issues from a social science and humanities perspective and to help build a community of scholars working on polar issues. The journal is especially interested in publishing policy-relevant research. Each issue of the journal will either feature articles from different disciplines on polar affairs or feature a topical theme from a range of scholarly approaches.
The journal is sponsored by Gateway Antarctica and affiliated staff are on the editorial board.
United Nations Environment
United Nations Environment was established in 1972 by the UN General Assembly with a mandate “to provide leadership and encourage partnership in caring for the environment by inspiring, informing and enabling nations and peoples to improve their quality of life without compromising that of future generations”.
In 1992 the UN Conference on Environment and Development adopted Agenda 21, highlighting two needs:
The provision of access to reliable environment information
Increasing the capacity of governments to use such information as a basis for environmental decision making and management
See the United Nations Environment website for more information.
More than 3 billion people are now using the Internet, according to the United Nations agency that oversees international communications.
The number of Internet users has increased from 738 million in 2000 to 3.2 billion in 2015, according to a new report from the International Telecommunication Union. That's a seven-fold increase that brought Internet penetration up from 7% to 43% of the global population. Of all connected individuals, the ITU says most of them — some 2 billion — live in developing countries:
Much of the growth in web connectivity has come from mobile. Mobile broadband penetration has gone up 12-fold since 2007, and this year 69% of people on earth will be covered by 3G broadband. Meanwhile, growth in fixed-broadband connectivity has slowed, with just 7% annual growth over the last three years. That's likely because access to it is 1.7 times more expensive than the average comparable mobile broadband plan:
One reason Internet access has taken off over the past 15 years is rising affordability. The ITU reports broadband is currently affordable in 111 countries, with a basic fixed or mobile plan costing less than 5% of Gross National Income (GNI) per capita.
producer's chat · tapes & transcripts · press reaction · credits · privacy policy
FRONTLINE home + wgbh + pbsi white house photo copyright ©alan schein photography/corbis
new contentcopyright ©2003 pbsi and wgbh/frontline - all rights reserved
The San Diego Union-Tribune, long a bastion of conservatism in the West, broke a 148-year-long streak of endorsing Republicans for president and told its readers on Friday to vote for Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump. Well, they can get in line. Conservative newspaper after conservative newspaper broke tradition in September by endorsing Clinton — or, perhaps more appropriately, by telling their readers why they shouldn't vote for Trump.
The San Diego Union-Tribune has officially endorsed Hillary Clinton, ending a 148-year-long streak of supporting Republican candidates. "Imagine President Trump," its editorial warned readers. ( JEWEL SAMAD / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
The Union-Tribune isn't even the first conservative newspaper to break ranks in the past week. On Wednesday, the Arizona Republic (formerly, the Arizona Republican), tweeted out a photo of Clinton gazing into the distance while announcing its endorsement. The editorials read less like ringing endorsements for Clinton than a repudiation of Trump. They're less “I'm with her” and more “I'm definitely not with him.” The Union-Tribune's editorial, for example, mentions Trump 11 times — and Clinton just three.
Article Continued Below
“Upon inauguration on Jan. 20, he would be in charge of the executive branch of a global superpower and possess enormous authority, operating with no coherent world view besides ‘I alone can fix it.'” Later, the editorial tells readers: “Imagine that. Imagine President Trump.” The Republic's stance was similar. For 126 years, it had endorsed conservatives, but its editorial said Trump is not one. “This year is different,” the editorial board wrote. “The 2016 Republican candidate is not conservative and he is not qualified.” The latest endorsements echoed the scathing criticisms of Trump that appeared earlier in September.
The Dallas Morning News, whose editorial board had picked a Republican each time since before the Second World War, said Trump “plays on fear — exploiting base instincts of xenophobia, racism and misogyny — to bring out the worst in all of us, rather than the best.” The Cincinnati Enquirer, which had endorsed Republicans for nearly a century, called Trump “a clear and present danger to our country. ... Our reservations about Clinton pale in comparison to our fears about Trump.”
Article Continued Below
The Houston Chronicle's editorial board called Trump “a danger to the Republic” and said his “convention-speech comment, ‘I alone can fix it,' should make every American shudder.” USA Today has never endorsed a candidate for president, but its editorial board laid out eight reasons that people shouldn't vote for him. No. 7: “He has coarsened the national dialogue. Did you ever imagine that a presidential candidate would discuss the size of his genitalia during a nationally televised Republican debate? Neither did we.” So far, Trump has racked up zero major newspaper endorsements. That's six fewer than Gary Johnson, who couldn't name any foreign leader he admires in an interview last week and about whom CNN opined “Why is Gary Johnson still in the race?” Trump, for his part, has responded to these conservative defections on Twitter, saying that the papers are wrong and that their readers are smart people who will stop reading them. Some readers told the papers the same thing. Phil Boas, who runs the Arizona Republic's editorial board, told NBC-affiliate KPNX that “countless” newspaper readers have cancelled their subscriptions. Others have sent death threats.
Read more about:
We speculate on what exactly Nintendo has in store.
The next installment in Nintendo's series of informational webcasts is taking place tomorrow morning. Coincidentally, this day also marks the North American and European releases of the PlayStation Vita. Nintendo is promising new information on both the 3DS and Wii, but we do not know what exactly will that information be.
There isn't much left for Nintendo to reveal on the Wii. Xenoblade Chronicles is coming out this April in North America, and basically marks the last significant Wii title. Nintendo must have something else up their sleeve though to hold over Wii owners until the Wii U's launch later this year. For North American Wii owners, I could assume this might be The Last Story or Pandora's Tower. With both games finally launching in Europe, North America is the only one missing out. Nintendo initially reported that these were not coming stateside, but with Xenoblade Chronicles getting a release, there is a greater chance this could happen.
There is also the possibility that Kiki Trick, the delightfully absurd Wii game from the WarioWare team that came out in Japan last month, could be coming out in North America and Europe. However, that seems like a remote possibility because Kiki Trick might be a tricky game to localize.
The 3DS has a greater possibility of seeing some significant news around this time of the year. With no official release date on Nintendo games such as Luigi's Mansion 2, Paper Mario, Animal Crossing, and Mario Tennis, I'm sure at least one of these games will make an appearance. With the recently rumored Mario Tennis title, “Mario Tennis Open,” making rounds on the Internet, this one seems like a likely bet. Luigi's Mansion 2 seems to be the most likely game to get a release date after Mario Tennis, as it was shown at last E3. Traditionally, Nintendo games are meant to be shown at one E3, which also means that Animal Crossing and Paper Mario are probably set for, at the earliest, a summer release, and probably won't be mentioned at this event.
At one of the Nintendo Direct events, Fire Emblem for 3DS was revealed for Japan. The game, coming out in April, could be a focus for North America and Europe. It is likely that this game, since called (in translation) Fire Emblem: Awakening, could be revealed for a Western release.
Third party 3DS software will probably be given some spotlight as well. Kingdom Hearts 3D: Dream Drop Distance is releasing late in March in Japan, and we might finally see an announcement of sorts here in North America. Monster Hunter 3G also has some chance of appearing at the event. Edge magazine recently revealed that Monster Hunter 3G was coming to North America and Europe, and this might be the time for Nintendo to dish out all the details on this version of Monster Hunter.
There will also most likely be some focus on Kid Icarus: Uprising, which will be releasing in the upcoming month in all territories. There most likely won't be a lot of new information regarding this title, but it would do Nintendo some good to promote it in some way. (We'll have some new impressions on the game for you tomorrow, regardless).
The eShop is also bound to get a few announcements during the event. With its recent success, Nintendo wouldn't want the service taking a turn for the worse. There has been a bevy of great content and I only imagine Nintendo has plenty more to talk about. Hopefully we get some release dates for games heading to the service in the coming months.
This is just a bit of my speculation of what we could see happen at tomorrow morning's event. If you have any thoughts, be sure to share them with us in the Talkback thread. Remember, the Japanese event begins at 6:00 AM EST, the European even begins at 7:00 AM EST, and the North American event begins at 9:00 AM EST.
Tesla Motors has run into a hurdle with its plans to enter the Chinese market. As it turns out, ‘Tesla has already been trademarked in the booming Asian nation meaning the real Tesla Motors will have to fork out quite a bit of money to get the rights to the Tesla name in China.
The ‘Tesla' name was originally trademarked in China by Zhan Baosheng back in 2009 for land, air and marine transportation vehicles of 12 different categories. This isn't the first time the California-based electric car manufacturer has had troubles with trademarks in China, as ‘TESLA MOTORS' was already trademarked there by Qiao Weiwei who recently sold the name to Tesla on May 6 this year.
If that wasn't bad enough, the domain names tesla.com.cn and teslamotors.com have both been registered in China before the company could snap them up. Tesla CEO Elon Musk recently told Chinese Entrepreneur magazine that his company offered to buy the ‘Tesla' trademark from Zhan Baosheng for around $326,000 but he refused and wants over $32 million instead.
Unless an agreement is reached, Tesla could be forced to request that China's Trademark Office cancel Zhan's trademark because it hasn't been used for three consecutive years. However, Zhan is reportedly preparing evidence to suggest that he is in fact engaged in research and development for the production of electric cars in China.
[Via Want China Times]
New Delhi: Close on the heels of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat's remarks against Mother Teresa, another right-wing organisation Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) on Tuesday launched a scathing attack on Christian missionaries accusing them of indulging in false claims of attacks on churches.
Demanding a free and fair enquiry into the attacks, the Hindu-outfit maintained that such false campaigns had been launched during the previous NDA regime too by the missionaries to bring a bad name to the country.
"It is very well known that Christian missionaries have been carrying out a vicious, aggressive campaign."
"Whenever this horizonal religious conversion programme of the missionaries faces a threat of getting exposed, the missionaries get into the act of playing victim and try to draw sympathy," VHP's joint general secretary Surendra Kumar Jain told reporters here today.
Jain, who led a delegation to the National Minority Commission to submit a memorandum for an enquiry into the attacks, also referred to the latest attack on a school in Vasant Vihar here recently and alleged that the school administration deliberately suspended classes to "blackmail the Government".
"We have requested the Commission to conduct an impartial enquiry which could go a long way in maintaining communal harmony in the country," he said, adding that a copy of the memorandum has been sent to Prime Minister and Home Minster.
Defending Bhagwat's remarks against Mother Teresa that conversion to Christianity was the main objective behind her service to the poor, he claimed she had herself said during a dharna here that there was nothing objective in the world.
"It means there was some subject and the subject was nothing but conversion," he said.
She had said this when she was asked whether her service to the poor was intended at religious conversion, he noted.
Jain said the VHP today submitted to the Commission evidence of "hate campaign" and "hate literature" launched by the missionaries as well as atrocities committed against nuns by Christian priests in places like Kerala.
He also accused the missionaries of supporting extremist groups in the Northeast and attacking Buddhists in Tripura.
The VHP leader said an impartial investigation into the attack on churches would expose the "falsehood" propagated by the missionaries as "ceaseless insult" of India, the Indian government and Hindu community is an "unpardonable crime".
Rejecting suggestion that religious conversion and 'ghar waapsi' campaign by Hindu-outfits reflected in BJP's poor show in the recently held Delhi Assembly polls, Jain maintained that there is secularism in India because Hindus are in majority".
He also spoke about a Delhi Police report on the initiative of the Prime Minister which said last year only three attacks were reported against churches as opposed to 206 against temples.
"While the Hindus took these incidents as normal attempts of burglary, the Christian missionaries tried to gain undue mileage out the incidents by highlighting these attacks on religious places of worship, which they definitely were not," he said.
He also questioned the motive behind construction of churches and mosques in places where there were no concentration of minority population.
Talking about the growing atrocities against women in Delhi, he said VHP has submitted a proposal to the Government here for a ban on bars and sale of liquors.
As gold loses steam after rallying to 12-month highs, one market expert says he is seeing bitcoin take a chunk out of the yellow metal. "I think it's a big part of the problem in terms of stalling gold's rally. In my eyes gold is always a currency play not a safe-haven play, now that you have other currencies getting real traction they are taking part of the buyers away from gold," said Todd 'Bubba' Horwitz, founder of bubbaatrading.com. In mid-July, Bitcoin was trading around $1,985 per coin before continuing its rise higher. As hostilities increased between North Korea and the U.S., it broke the $3,000 mark before slicing through the $4,000 level with ease. But fret not gold trackers, Horwitz added that another yellow metal rally is coming. t (show less)
As gold loses steam after rallying to 12-month highs, one market expert says he is seeing bitcoin take a chunk out of the yellow metal. "I think it's a big part of the problem in terms of stalling gold's rally. In my eyes gold is always a currency play not a safe-haven play, now that you have other currencies getting real traction they are taking part of the buyers away from gold," said Todd 'Bubba' Horwitz, founder of bubbaatrading.com. In mid-July, Bitcoin was ... (read more)
Product Details
- A maximum of 3 of this product are available per person. Orders that include more than this limit will be cancelled.
Nya-tan is joining the Nendoroids~nya!
From the popular anime series 'Etotama' comes a Nendoroid of Nya-tan, the eto-musume of the cat that dreams to one day become one of the twelve Chinese Zodiac Gods! She comes with both an energetic smiling expression as well a somewhat obnoxious yet still adorable devious expression.
Optional parts include the Soruraru Seal that marks her victory in the ETM12 divine selection ritual. You can also switch the stickers on the seal to create the seals of each of the eto-musume! Enjoy the adorable company of Nya-tan by your side in Nendoroid form!
GOODSMILE ONLINE SHOP Present Campaign!
Certain preorders of Nendoroid Nya-tan from the the GOODSMILE ONLINE SHOP will be selected at random to receive an as a bonus!
* The bonus will be sent together with your order.
Order Dates: Orders can be placed between the 5th November 2015 (Thu) from 12:00JST until the 2nd December 2015 (Wed) at 21:00JST.
Order Dates: Orders can be placed between the 5th November 2015 (Thu) from 12:00JST until the 4th December 2015 (Fri) at 21:00JST.
- In the event order limits have been met, the pre-order period will end before the closing date.
- Payment accepted via credit card and PayPal. Payment will be processed as soon as the items are in stock, generally 2-3 weeks prior to the shipment date.
- Payment will be charged in Japanese Yen. Contact PayPal and/or your credit card company regarding conversion rates.
- You may be charged additional fees such as import tax when making an overseas purchase. Please consult your local customs office for more information.
- As outlined in the user guide, we do not accept cancellations. Please consider your purchase carefully before ordering.
- Should you have any questions, please contact customer support. English and Japanese support available.
* Please read the usage guide before purchase.
© Shirogumi Inc. / TLC inc., All Rights Reserved. © えとたま製作委員会
Good Smile Company - Nendoroid Nya-tan
http://www.goodsmile.info/en/product/5304/
A new poll shows Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton leading Republican Donald Trump by two percentage points in Ohio while a pair of surveys released today have Sen. Rob Portman coasting to an easy victory over Democratic challenger Ted Strickland.
WASHINGTON- One month before the election, Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump are locked in a tight struggle while Sen. Rob Portman has taken a commanding lead in his re-election bid against former Democratic Gov. Ted Strickland, according to polls released Wednesday.
A poll by Monmouth University in New Jersey shows Clinton with the backing of 44 percent of those likely to vote in Ohio while 42 percent say they will support Trump, five percent will vote for Libertarian Gary Johnson, who appears on the ballot without party identification, and just one percent for Green Party candidate Jill Stein.
The poll is among the first in weeks to show Clinton overtaking Trump in Ohio, a state the New York real estate developer must win to amass the 270 electoral votes needed to win the presidency.
On Monday, a Quinnipiac University poll of 497 likely voters in Ohio had Trump with a five-point lead over Clinton, 47 to 42 percent with Johnson at six percent and Stein with one point.
Like Quinnipiac, the new Monmouth poll was conducted after last month's presidential debate between Clinton and Trump. The Monmouth poll of 405 likely voters in Ohio was conducted between Saturday and Tuesday and has a margin of error of plus or minus 4.9 percent.
Quinnipiac and Monmouth also released separate polls Wednesday on the Senate race showing Portman with a nearly insurmountable lead over Strickland. Quinnipiac shows Portman leading Strickland by 17 points, 55-to-38, while Monmouth has Portman leading by a similar margin of 54-to-39 percent.
"I admit that I'm behind," Strickland acknowledged in Columbus. "And that's what happens I think when $50-some million are spent telling the people of Ohio things that are inaccurate, misleading, exaggerated and flat-out false. But we've still got some time."
But Michawn Rich, a Portman spokeswoman, said "while Democrats abandon Ted Strickland and cancel millions of dollars in advertising on his behalf, Rob is gaining momentum," a reference to national Democrats scrapping TV commercials that had been scheduled to air in Ohio.
The new Monmouth poll shows that Gov. John Kasich's decision not to support Trump is not hurting him among Ohio voters. According to the poll, 58 percent of likely voters in Ohio approve of Kasich's performance as governor.
In addition, 34 percent say they "think more highly" of Kasich for not backing Trump while just 20 percent think less highly of him.
- Dispatch staff writer Kaitlin Fochesato contributed to this story.
jtorry@dispatch.com
@JackTorry1
jana_heigl@aol.com
@janaheigl
A group of current and former conservative students at Yale University are trying to do something to counteract the liberal political bias on campus. They've just leased a large mansion on the edge of campus, where they hope to host lectures and special events that will expose Yale students to conservative ideas.
As The New York Times reports:
Thanks to $500,000 from a single, unnamed donor, the group will soon move into the William H. Taft Mansion — with a two-year lease and an option to buy — and attempt the transformation from a local undergraduate venture into a conservative policy institute with a presence on the national political landscape.
Mr. Buckley wrote prolifically, founded The National Review, hosted “Firing Line” and even ran for mayor of New York, but to some he remains first and foremost the author of “God and Man at Yale,” a call for the restoration of what he saw as traditional values at his alma mater. That call resonated with Lauren Noble, a member of the class of 2011 and the group's executive director. “If you look at the political affiliations of the Yale faculty,” she said, “if you look at the slant of the courses being taught, if you look at the speakers who are otherwise being invited to campus, all of that leans to the left.”
So while she was a senior, she and some classmates began inviting conservative speakers to campus. “It's not as if we're trying to convert liberal students to a conservative viewpoint,” she said. “But at least if they've heard a legitimate conservative viewpoint they won't regard it as a foreign language.”
Sen. Ted Cruz speculates the "bombshell" in Donald Trump's tax returns Mitt Romney claimed last week may show "business dealings with the mob." In an interview on NBC's Meet the Press Sunday the presidential candidate joined the chorus of conspiracy theorists who claim the Republican frontrunner is hiding something in his taxes.
"Maybe it is the case that Donald, there have been multiple media reports about Donald's business dealings with the mob, with the mafia. Maybe his taxes show those business dealings are a lot more extensive than has been reported," Cruz said to host Chuck Todd.
"Wait a minute. Senator Cruz, let me stop you there. That's openly speculative. Do you have any facts to support that Donald Trump has mob ties?" a skeptical Todd asked.
Cruz responded:
Oh sure. ABC, CNN, multiple news reports have reported about his some dealings with, for example, S&A Construction, which was owned by "Fat Tony" Salerno, who is a mobster who is in jail. It is owned by two of the major New York crime families. And that has been reported in multiple media outlets. You know, you're going to have Donald on the show later today, you ought to ask him, "Donald, have you written a check to Planned Parenthood? If so, how much and when?"
I mean, that's the question that Donald ought to answer. We don't know what it is that he's hiding in those tax returns. But I can promise you this, if he's the nominee come September, October, every day on the news will be about those tax returns, about whatever the bombshell is. And Republican primary voters deserve to know before the nomination, not after. Because you better believe Hillary Clinton and the media are going to go to town on it. And the primary voters should be able to vet all of us.
Advertisement Cities sue Defense Dept. over gun-check system failures Share Copy Link Copy
Three large U.S. cities filed a federal lawsuit Tuesday against the Department of Defense, arguing that many service members who are disqualified from gun ownership weren't reported to the national background check system.New York City, San Francisco and Philadelphia said in court papers that the military's broken system for relaying such information helped spur the massacre of 26 people inside a Texas church last month."This failure on behalf of the Department of Defense has led to the loss of innocent lives by putting guns in the hands of criminals and those who wish to cause immeasurable harm," New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said in a statement. "New York City is joining Philadelphia and San Francisco to stand up to the Department of Defense and demand they comply with the law and repair their drastically flawed system."Local law enforcement officials rely on the FBI's database to conduct background checks on gun permit applications and to monitor purchases. It must be up-to-date in order to prevent people from wrongly getting guns, the cities' attorneys wrote.The lawsuit filed in federal court in Alexandria, Virginia, seeks an injunction and judicial oversight to ensure ongoing compliance with the Defense Department's obligation to submit records.Military officials previously acknowledged problems with their reporting.A Pentagon spokesman on Tuesday said he couldn't comment specifically on the lawsuit."The department continues to work with the services as they review and refine their policies and procedures to ensure qualifying criminal history information is submitted to the FBI," said Tom Crosson, a Pentagon spokesman.The Defense Department's failure to report "significant numbers" of disqualifying records to the FBI's national background check system allowed former U.S. Air Force member Devin P. Kelley to buy a rifle and shoot 26 people to death Nov. 5 in a Sutherland Springs, Texas, church, the lawsuit said. Kelley had been convicted of assaulting family members in a 2012 court martial and should not have been allowed to purchase a gun.Air Force leaders already acknowledged that the service failed to alert the FBI to Kelley's criminal history and that they discovered "several dozen" other such reporting omissions. They said that while policies and procedures requiring reporting were in place, training and compliance measures were lacking.And Army leaders have said their service also has similar gaps.Earlier this month, the Pentagon's watchdog agency it found a "troubling" number of failures this year by the military services to alert the FBI to criminal history information. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has ordered a far-ranging review of the FBI database.Philadelphia in particular has been plagued by gun violence and "relies on this reporting when making the crucial decision whether a license-to-carry applicant should be permitted to carry a firearm," said Mayor Jim Kenney, who is a Democrat like the mayors of New York and San Francisco. "We're joining in this suit because reporting these records is absolutely critical to those decisions. The background check system only works if it contains the proper records."San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera said in a statement that the Department of Defense's failure to accurately report criminal convictions puts Americans at risk."We cannot accept the level of gun violence in our country as 'just the way it is,'" he said.The lawsuit names the armed forces individually, as well as the Department of Defense, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and several other officials.According to the lawsuit, the U.S. Air Force failed to submit records in about 14 percent of cases, the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps failed to submit records in 36 percent of cases, and the U.S. Army didn't submit records in about 41 percent of cases.The Air Force said it has already made changes designed to prevent such failures in the future. For example, it is now requiring that leaders up the chain of command verify that criminal history reporting requirements have been met in every case. And, additional training on these procedures is being conducted.---Story by Associated Press writer Colleen Long
Teachers in Bellevue, Washington are proudly displaying their support for the controversial Black Lives Matter movement, following the lead of educators in Seattle who donned Black Lives Matter t-shirts last year.
The politically active “Educators for Justice – Bellevue Schools” is encouraging teachers in the Bellevue School District to buy “Black Lives Matter” t-shirts from them to wear during a weekly “Day of Action” through the end of the school year, KIRO reports.
Today, droves of Bellevue teachers came to class with the special shirts, which include “Black Lives Matter” across the front and a statement on the back: “I Stand For and With All of My Students Who are Targeted Due to Their Race, Gender, Orientation, Immigration Status, Religion and/or Ability.”
Educators for Justice – Bellevue Schools' Facebook page features a young white student modeling the t-shirts, which sold for $15.
The group also sells buttons that read “No Human Is Illegal.”
“I think the main goal for this day is primarily to let our students of color know that there are people who are fighting for them, who understand the issues they are facing and take it seriously,” Bellevue High School teacher Terry Jess told the Seattle Times.
Tuesday's “Day of Action” follows a similar event in October in Seattle, where about 2,000 teachers wore Black Lives Matter shirts to school to show solidarity with black students.
In Seattle, teachers held a massive rally, but in Bellevue, where less than 3 percent of students are black, organizers are goading educators into focusing on race issues during class time, Bellevue High School teacher Hannah Yale said.
Both Yale and Jess denied the Bellevue event is political, insisting instead that it's “social justice.”
“There have been questions of ‘why do we need this in Bellevue?' ” Yale told the Times. “But that's another way they (marginalized groups) are ignored, just because their numbers are small.”
“We have to acknowledge that something needs to be done and draw attention to that,” Jess said. “There are more conversations that need to be had.”
KIRO reports Bellevue's Educators for Justice sold at least 230 t-shirts to raise more than $2,000 for scholarships for minority students.
The Day of Action in Bellevue is fully supported by the local teachers union, the Bellevue Education Association, according to president Andy Rubesch. A resolution adopted by the BEA in October supports teachers wearing the Black Lives Matter shirts because they allegedly show “solidarity with the cause of ending racial inequalities.”
The event kicks off a campaign of weekly Black Lives Matter action days scheduled for every Monday through the rest of the school year, KIRO reports.
The Bellevue district “recognizes and supports our staff's rights to freedom of speech and interest in social justice issues,” according to the district's prepared statement.
“Similar to other districts, they can exercise their rights as long as it does not impact the school day and the ability to provide a safe and civil learning environment for all students.”
WASHINGTON - MARCH 09: Darlene Garner (L) and Candy Holmes (R), both are reverends of Metropolitan Community Churches, exchange rings during their wedding on the first day same-sex couples are legal to wed under a new law March 9, 2010 in Washington, DC. The District of Columbia has become the sixth place in the nation to recognize same-sex marriage. (Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images)
In the next few weeks, AbbVie, a pharmaceutical company that produces an important AIDS drug, will make a decision that could have a far-reaching effect on gays, lesbians, bisexuals and transgender people, and not just those with HIV.
If the company appeals a recent court ruling and wins, it will come as a blow to those who hope to see states around the country topple the remaining barriers both to same-sex marriage and to laws that protect gay people from discrimination.
The case did not initially concern gay rights at all, but was instead a fight between two pharmaceutical giants. In 2007, a drug company called SmithKline Beecham Corp. sued a rival drug producer, Abbott Laboratories. Abbott, which later spun off its drug research activities into a new company, AbbVie, had quintupled the price of its popular AIDS drug, a move that ended up hurting SmithKline's bottom line.
Predictably, Abbott's decision to raise the price of its drug sparked anger and protest from AIDS activists. Still, the case may have never come to the attention of the broader gay rights community if not for an attempt by Abbott to tilt the jury's makeup in its favor: In 2011, a lawyer for Abbott dismissed a potential juror who had revealed he was gay and had friends with HIV. SmithKline argued that the removal was discriminatory, and last week the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals agreed.
In the unanimous ruling, a three-judge panel called the exclusion of gay jurors unconstitutional. The reach of this ruling goes beyond gay jurors, however, because it touches on one of the most significant legal questions concerning gay rights today: Should laws related to sexual orientation be subject to "heightened scrutiny"?
Over the last several decades, the Supreme Court has developed a three-tiered system for classifying alleged violations of the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment, which says that states can't deny people equal protection of the laws. When the Court classifies a case as deserving of "heightened scrutiny," it falls to the state to prove that its laws serve an important state interest. Until recently, the court has reserved this level of scrutiny for cases involving race and gender. But that's changing.
In Nevada, the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals is currently reviewing a lawsuit that aims to strike down the state's same-sex marriage ban. And it's not looking good for opponents of same-sex marriage, thanks to the court's recent decision in the Abbott case. As Nevada Attorney General Catherine Cortez Masto acknowledged in a statement last week, the state's earlier arguments for banning same-sex marriage may not hold up in a court that applies heightened scrutiny and requires the state to justify its laws.
"After careful review," Masto's statement read, "these arguments are likely no longer tenable."
The state has not yet indicated whether it plans to pull out of the case entirely and refuse to defend the law, as the Obama administration did last year when the Supreme Court was considering the constitutionality of the Defense of Marriage Act. But this week, Alan Glover, an official in Carson City who was named in the lawsuit for denying the plaintiffs a marriage license, appears to have done just that.
"We don't feel that we have a legal argument to meet the heightened scrutiny," Neil Rombardo, the District Attorney for Carson City, told The Huffington Post.
Similar marriage lawsuits are underway in Oregon, Idaho and Arizona, all of which fall under the 9th Circuit's domain, and gay rights advocates are closely watching these cases too. But the battle over heightened scrutiny is far from settled. AbbVie has until the beginning of March to announce whether or not it will appeal the ruling in its case.
If it does, it would be asking the 9th Court not only to rule that it is acceptable to exclude gay citizens from jury service, but also to make it more difficult to challenge anti-gay laws.
"If such an anti-gay assault by Abbott were successful, the drive for LGBT equality will still proceed, but Abbott would have made it a much more steep hill to climb," said Jon Davidson, the legal director at Lambda Legal, a gay rights advocacy group handling the case against Nevada's gay marriage ban.
AbbVie declined to comment on whether it would take these issues into account when making its decision about appealing the ruling. "We are reviewing the opinion and evaluating our options," said Adelle M. Infante, a representative for the company.
AIDS activists have long protested AbbVie for raising the prices of its immunodeficiency drugs, but if the company seeks an appeal there may be a stronger and more widespread blowback from the LGBT community.
Brian Moulton, the head of the legal team of the gay rights group Human Rights Campaign, said he was keeping a close eye on AbbVie's actions. Each year, HRC puts together a widely read index that ranks companies on LGBT issues. "One of the criteria in that rating system is whether or not a company takes a position in litigation that's adverse to the LGBT community," Moulton said.
Surgery means Steve Smith can enjoy his winnings with wife Ida
Stephen Smith, 58, of Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, said after the win he would swap the money for good health.
His quality of life was blighted by an aortic aneurysm that left his life hanging in the balance.
Following surgery Mr Smith said he was looking forward to spending the cash and travelling with his wife, Ida.
Mr Smith, a former doorman and bingo caller who shared a one-bedroom council flat with his 68-year-old wife, was the sole winner of an £18,992,109 jackpot on 26 January.
Within a few days of the win, he bought a new car and signed contracts to buy a five-bedroom bungalow.
But the aneurism, diagnosed three years ago, meant he had to be within 30 minutes of a hospital at all times, in case it burst.
He was rushed into hospital last week with chest pains and after tests, was referred for surgery the following day.
I'm happier now than when I won the money
Stephen Smith
He wept as he praised the team of surgeons and the "angels" who took care of him in hospital.
"They are the unsung heroes," he said. "I can't give them enough praise."
The operation was successful and Mr Smith said the operation had given him more freedom than the lottery win.
"The best thing about the win was that I knew if my wife was left on her own, she would be looked after," he said.
"But I wanted a lot more years with her and now I have got them. She's one in a million and now I can grow old with her.
"I'm happier now than when I won the money.
"[The aneurysm] is like having a sack of potatoes on your shoulders. There was a black shadow hanging over me.
"And now I can travel, I can go to Italy to see my family for Christmas. That will be a dream come true."
CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela may relaunch its so-called “permuta” foreign exchange mechanism as it seeks to supply more dollars to local importers who are complaining about lack of access to hard currency, President Nicolas Maduro said on Monday.
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro holds a copy of the country's constitution as he talks to the media during a news conference at the Miraflores Palace in Caracas September 9, 2013. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
The “permuta” system, which was shuttered by the government in 2010, would run alongside two existing exchange mechanisms: one run by the state currency board called Cadivi, and a second auction-based system, Sicad, run by the central bank.
“Most likely we will launch a new system that will compliment Cadivi and Sicad. But we are evaluating it with different economic players, experts and economists,” Maduro said during a televised news conference.
“The real objective ... is to stabilize the exchange market. Venezuela has enough dollars for the economy to work.”
Maduro, who narrowly won a presidential election in April after the death of his mentor Hugo Chavez, faces economic challenges including high inflation and slowing growth.
Venezuela's private sector - squeezed by state takeovers during Chavez's 14-year rule - says delays, red tape and uncertainty over the supply of dollars have delayed imports.
“We are re-engineering (the system) to eliminate, remove some bumps ... and some errors that were committed, in order to arrive quickly at an optimal balance point,” Maduro said.
Under the “permuta” system, dollars were sold by private brokers at a floating rate determined by a complicated formula linked to bond prices. Under the official Cadivi system, the exchange rate is fixed at 6.3 bolivars per dollar.
The central bank does not publish the rate arrived at by its twice-monthly Sicad auctions, but participants say it has ranged between 10 and 11 bolivars per greenback.
Meanwhile, dollars sell on the black market for more than five times the official rate of 6.3.
The government wants to cut down illegal black market trading, and to bring down the price of dollars on the street.
Maduro said some 92 percent of Venezuela's imports were bought with dollars purchased at the official rate. But a report by local think-tank Ecoanalitica said at least 30 percent of imports were purchased using dollars bought at a higher rate.
Some private economists and opposition politicians say Maduro should scrap the currency controls altogether, and that the failure of Chavez's socialist policies has been proved by shortages in the shops, high inflation and slowing growth.
Maduro argues that businessmen and capitalist “speculators” have been deliberately hoarding consumer products and sabotaging the economy in an effort to undermine his rule.
Inside the 2010 Syfy Channel Upfront
Last night I attended the annual Syfy Channel Upfront, where the stars chatted up the media on the red carpet, executives made their important presentation to advertisers and everybody got to party afterward. I covered the event both for AOL TV and for ADD, so you'll be seeing those stories posted in the near future.
This year's Upfront took place at the Museum of Modern Art in Manhattan, where the Tim Burton exhibit is currently being held (and which Syfy is a proud sponsor of). It was a great location for this sneak peek into Syfy's forthcoming year, not only because of the chance to see the Burton artwork but also because of the large space where the party was held afterward. Syfy President Dave Howe, Blake Callaway (SVP, Brand and Integrated Marketing) and Chris Czarkowski (VP, Sales, USA and Syfy) kept the official presentation moving along fast and furious with good wit, and they were quite accessible afterward, as were the stars. The channel also displayed a self-deprecating sense of humor by showing a clip of Stephen Colbert making fun of their name change from Sci Fi to Syfy. Good call. Tracy Morgan sent a video message announcing he will now be executive producer as well as the host of Scare Tactics, and he excused his absence due to his “fear of modern art”.
Here's a photo gallery of the event. Stories forthcoming!
A day ahead of a vote to find Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt of Congress, House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa (R-CA) said his committee is no longer even strongly suspicious that highest ranking law enforcement officer in the country knew that guns “walked” during the botched ATF operation known as Fast and Furious.
“During the inception and the participation through the death of Brian Terry, we have no evidence nor do we currently have strong suspicion” that Holder knew of the tactics, Issa said during testimony before the House Rules Committee on Wednesday.
“We have just the opposite, have a number of people, including Lanny Breuer, who should have known who's responsibility was to know, that as part of our ongoing responsibility to figure out who was responsible,” Issa continued.
Issa also said he had no specific knowledge that the White House knew of the gunwalking tactics and said the committee wasn't looking to the president.Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-MD), ranking member of the Oversight Committee, butted in as Issa was being questioned by Rep. Jared Polis (D-CO).
“We are now about to find in contempt the attorney general of the United States of America after you just heard that,” Cummings said.
“Sure,” replied Issa. “It's not for what the attorney general knew about Fast and Furious, it's about the attorney general's refusal to provide the documents.”
Issa's position on Holder's knowledge of the tactics used is a reversal of what he claimed when he began his investigation last year, when he said the tactics went “all the way to the very top.” The California Republican has admitted to exploring “blind alleys” over the course of the investigation.
The House is set to vote on a resolution finding Holder in contempt tomorrow. The resolution focuses on DOJ's opposition to disclosing internal Justice Department communications created after Feb. 4, 2011 unless Issa agrees to let that disclosure settle his subpoena.
Late update: House Democrats posted video of the exchange.
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close
By Scotty Schenck, photo editor
Known as “ecstasy” or “molly,” MDMA may soon be an effective treatment against post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
The Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies (MAPS) is attempting to legalize MDMA as a prescription for certain illnesses. In a newsletter sent to their constituents on March 16, MAPS said it had received approval from the United States Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) on Friday, March 13 for a Schedule I license for Phil Wolfson, M.D., the principal investigator in a new MAPS study. This isn't the only time the license has been awarded to MAPS — this is currently the seventh MDMA clinical trial with DEA approval.
“Obtaining DEA approval was the last step in the complex, arduous, and lengthy process of getting approval for our study,” Dr. Wolfson said in the newsletter.
This was the final step before initiating experiments regarding the safety and effectiveness of MDMA-assisted psychotherapy to treat anxiety associated with life-threatening illnesses. MAPS had already received approval from the Institutional Review Board, FDA and the Research Advisory Panel of California to conduct the phase-2 study.
Connor McKay, president of the Students for Sensible Drug Policy chapter at Northeastern, said this type of scientific research works against the stigma associated with psychedelics. McKay will also be welcoming the founder of MAPS, Rick Doblin, and former Washington Post Editor Tom Shroder, author of “Acid Test: LSD, Ecstasy and the Power to Heal,” to Northeastern on April 3 to discuss psychedelic research.
“I think studies like this play an important role … both medical and personal. It gives a personal story to these treatments. It gives medical legitimacy to these substances,” McKay said. “I don't think people are going to stop using MDMA recreationally. I think people will see it as abusing medicine … rather than ‘you're just doing drugs.' This will open the medical discussion about these substances.”
MDMA, chemically called 3,4-Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, is typically sold as ecstasy or molly, but these can contain adulterants or other substances. In a 2006 study by Vanderbilt University, only 39 percent of tablets sold as ecstasy were pure and 46 percent had no MDMA at all.
MAPS uses pure MDMA, which according to the nonprofit drug education organization Erowid has effects that include forgiveness of self and others, feelings of love and empathy, decreased fear, anxiety and insecurities and increased willingness to communicate. However, MAPS says the treatment is not based solely in the euphoric effects of MDMA, but rather what the combination of the drug and proper therapy can do.
“MDMA reduces activity in the amygdala where fear is processed and it increases activity in the frontal cortex where people put things in association and context. So people are able to look at traumatic memories. … They're able to separate out that it was happening then and not now,“ Doblin said in an interview with CNN. “We're saying that MDMA itself is not the medicine. It's MDMA-assisted psychotherapy.”
A double-blind, phase two study was conducted by MAPS in 2010 using 20 participants, 8 receiving placebo and 12 receiving MDMA, to test the drugs effect on treatment-resistant PTSD. Subjects for the study met the criteria for war- or crime-related PTSD and received weekly psychotherapy sessions, only in two sessions were subjects given either their placebo or MDMA dose. At the study's conclusion, MAPS discovered 83 percent of subjects given MDMA-assisted psychotherapy no longer displayed symptoms. The study also said MAPS was able to administer MDMA without any evidence of harm to the participants.
MAPS will meet with the FDA to further develop MDMA as a prescription medication for PTSD, and to discuss the larger clinical trials which will need to be conducted before releasing the drug as a medication. According to the United States National Library of Medicine, phase three trials are when the drug is given to large groups of people to confirm its effectiveness.
“We envision a world where MDMA, other psychedelics, and marijuana are safely and legally available for beneficial uses, and where research is governed by rigorous scientific evaluation of their risks and benefits. We currently estimate that MDMA-assisted psychotherapy will be legally available for PTSD treatment in 2021,” MAPS Director of Communications and Marketing Brad Burge said. “Our first two completed MDMA-assisted psychotherapy for PTSD studies—in South Carolina and Switzerland—both showed results which, if they were from a Phase 3 trial, would be sufficient for the FDA to approve the treatment. The unprecedented levels of public support for psychedelic research [motivates MAPS] to work hard, often overtime, to see these treatments safely and legally available for those who need.”
Photo courtesy Wikimedia Commons.
For his father, the Zoologist, see Leonid Pavlovich Sabaneyev
Leonid Leonidovich Sabaneyev or Sabaneyeff or Sabaneev (Russian: Леони́д Леони́дович Сабане́ев) (1 October [O.S. 19 September] 1881 – 3 May 1968[1]) was a Russian musicologist, music critic, composer and scientist. He was the son of Leonid Pavlovich Sabaneyev, a famous hunting expert, and his brother Boris was also a musician.
Biography [ edit ]
Leonid Sabaneyev was born in Moscow in 1881 and his musical studies were under Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, Sergei Taneyev, Nikolai Zverev and Paul de Schlözer at the Moscow Conservatory.[1] He graduated in mathematics and physics from Moscow University in 1908. He wrote some early works, such as incidental music to King Oedipus (1889), a Funeral March in Memory of Beethoven,[1] two trios (including a Trio-Impromptu for violin, cello and piano, Op. 4),[2] piano pieces (including a Piano Sonata, Op. 15[2]) and songs.
He then made a special study of Alexander Scriabin, and became an authority on that composer (see synthetic chord). His first book on Scriabin was published in 1916. In addition to his own original works, he transcribed Scriabin's Prometheus: The Poem of Fire for 2 pianos.[2] He founded the Moscow Institute of Musicology.[1] He was both a conservative and a progressive; his ideas included a scale comprising 53 notes[3] and hoped to create a "Laboratory of the Exact Science of Music".[1]
Sabaneyev famously embarrassed himself in 1915 by publishing a scathing review of the premiere of Sergei Prokofiev's Scythian Suite – a performance that had actually been canceled at the last minute. This prompted a response from Prokofiev stating that the supposed performance must have been a product of Sabaneyev's imagination, as the only copy of the score was in the composer's hands and thus the critic had not even been able to see it. However, later Prokofiev said that Sabaneyev had information about the Suite from his friends who had already heard the Suite and he probably wouldn't have changed a word in his review even if he had heard it in concert.[citation needed]
Sabaneyev left Russia in 1926, after publishing Scriabin (1916, 2/1923), History of Russian Music (1924), The General History of Music (1925), and Music After October (on post-revolution music in Russia). History of Russian Music was translated into German (1926) and received very positive reviews from critics such as Maurice Cauchie.[4] In his later years he lived in Paris, London, the United States, and Nice, where he is buried. His musicological works from this period include Modern Russian Composers (1927), a monograph on Taneyev (1930), and Music for the Films (1935). His students in Paris included the Swedish composers Dag Wirén and Gösta Nystroem.
His later musical works included a ballet, a symphonic poem, and the oratorio The Revelation of St John (1940).[1] He also wrote Variations on a Theme of Scriabin, for unknown forces.[1]
He also had several science works on mathematics and zoology.[5]
He died in Cap d'Antibes, France in 1968.[1]
List of main compositions [ edit ]
Two trios for violin, cello and piano (1907 and 1924)
Sonata for violin and piano
Sonata "à la mémoire de Scriabine" (1916–1917)
Chaconne for organ and orchestra (op. 21, not later 1924)
Ballet Aviatrice (1928)
(1928) Tragic epopeia for orchestra (1928)
for orchestra (1928) Flots d'azur (symphonic poem) (1936)
(symphonic poem) (1936) Passacaglia (for orchestra) (1935)
Suite for two pianos (1938)
Apocalypse (for soloists, choir, organ and orchestra) (1940)
(for soloists, choir, organ and orchestra) (1940) Many romances for voice and piano
Many small pieces for piano (including Prelude Op. 10 No. 5 popularised in concerts by Marc-André Hamelin)
References [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
